thanks , i reposted it . 
  should i delete it here then ? 
  even if nobody else cares , i would like to thank u/niikopol for inspiration \u2665, 
  1 post a day on my frontpage from r/europe and first time hearing about r/ukpolitics . 
  should be a good start . 
  also avoiding sulik and mach , so i think this could become a habit , with a right mentor . 
  i am currently at 20 minutes a week , is it good for a newbie ? 
  should i mix others in small dosages as well ? 
  how do i unbutthurt myself ? 
  turks can afford real cars ? 
  if company earns less , i am sure he will not get a raise . 
  if the company earns more , there is some negotiating space for a raise ( pretty common to get a raise when a company has a succesful year , thats what unions are for ) . 
  its not that the profits increased by 20 % so all employees get 20 % raise . 
  competition among businesses boosts productivity ( i think this theory is quite clear and you didnt even ask for it ) but something similar is among workers as well . 
  if your co-workers work harder than you , it motivates you to do more . 
  if you see lazy people doing half-assed jobs , you will perform worse because you are not afraid of losing your spot and you know he wont fire you because your coworkers are incompetent as well . 
  if a dude works for 20 usd and someone is willing to do it for 15 , then you are doing something wrong and could do better . 
  if you think the opposite , that pretty much happened in eastern europe in the second half of 20th century . 
  closed borders , no competition and welfare for workers . 
  it didnt go well , but thats for a looong article . 
  if you are unemployed dave who gets his job stolen by someone without money , home , contacts , possibly language barrier , then maybe the probl\u00e9m is in you , dave . 
  you are uneducated lazy ass who doesnt want to get educated , qualified or simply work as hard as others , because unemployed welfare is good enough for you to not starve , which not all countries have . 
  everything has pros and cons , and open ( labour ) market rewards the better and punishes the worse . 
  what stops him from migrating to czech republic , where we have the biggest open work spots ( 3 % ) in whole eu , there are simply no people and we dont want immigrants ( cuz hurr durr , they might blow up or take our values ) . 
  he is probably incompetent to do it ( while someone else can do the opposite and go to his country to do the job better than dave would . ), 
  - better people are rewarded , worse people get punished . 
  is it clear when i put it like that ? 
  arent immigrants stealing , raping and selling drugs ? 
  trump told me :(, 
  good thing they didnt rape you and tried selling you drugs , like usual . 
  say hi to your manager and ask him , if he wants to invest in prague , i got contacts, 
  while i get all your points , when it comes to politics , you have to put your personal interests away and think of the country as a whole ( if you want to be a good leader , in case of referendum , a good citizen ) . 
  when it comes to your two examples , they both profit from eu more than not . 
  a ) competition is healthy and boosts productivity and pushes you as a society/business forward . 
  b ) as low skilled employee , you can be employed in a country with 60 mil people ( well , + commonwealth , but i am no expert on labour laws there ) , or countries with 500 mil people -  bigger chance someone needs your qualities somewhere else than just in northern england ( i doubt you get immigrants there anyway ) . 
  c ) as a person from countryside , you get much more from eu funds than you give to the eu , so you get more in return -  simple math and should be a simple plus . 
  d ) if your employer is doing better ( because his market is bigger ) , there is much bigger chance he will be able to pay you your wage and keep you in . 
  if he has to pay lets say 5 % tariff , you could expect some wage cut , or one less co-worker . 
  but this is a bit more complex for me to simplify within few sentences . 
  e ) directly , companies profit more than workers from international open markets , free trade areas , globalisation , anti protectionism , ... but its benefits are shared with the working class as well , indirectly , delayed or even in a smaller volume . 
  conclusion : they both profit , whether they know it or they dont . 
  if you believe that competition is unhealthy and you would prefer to be `` one eyed among the blind '' then sure , it is correct hypothesis and you are not wrong , but in absolute terms , you will be doing better in rather than out . 
  but not all humans are rational and put personal interests ahead of theirs ( hate towards immigrants , paying to eu , blaming shitty infrastructure/healthcare/whatever on something outside , using pride , honor , nationality etc. 
  to gain popularity to gain more power ... but thats getting off topic , sorry . 
  i hope the point was made clear :-), 
  yes , that was the point - the question required binary answer = yes or no , despite the issue being complex ( kind of all issues are , and if they dont seem like that to you , then you simply do not know enough about them - yet you have to make a simple decision including pros and cons ) . 
  fighting the illegals costed you an arm and a leg ? 
  where is your arm ? 
  they did the mathseses 's, 
  if you vote in a referendum about brexit , you either answer yes , or no ( or you dont vote at all ) . 
  thats black and white and thats how it works , like it or not . 
  brexit isnt black or white , but the decision about it is . 
  how it will look like is up to the negotiators now , but you either give them mandate to do it or you do not . 
  thats the black n whiteness of this issue , not the complexity itself ( brexit is good/bad ) . 
  gets 2.6 upvotes -  complains about haters . 
  the hell ? 
  wouldnt they come by themselves if we create a prosperous society with a welfare social state ? 
  let me check , brb, 
  exactly , when did that ever stop us from having fun , 
  isnt it the best thing that could do , from a non-muslim pov ? 
  would you rather have your competition be full of degenerates or rational people that care about science , peace and development ? 
  not sure if i should add / s or not , i hope people here will understand it , lets try to keep it this way , 
  yes , they try to keep it strict and academic and i couldnt resist to bring memes to one comment , so 1 month ban ( : luckily there are dozen meme subs on my frontpage to satisfy my meme needs, 
  nobody likes drtinov\u00e1 , but thats what we have in 10 mil country :-) even those on top ( respekt , hydepark , dvtv , ... ) still have many flaws and could do better , but they are just humans and in the context of their competition , they are still doing their best and ( at least it seems like that to me ) their flaws are just mistakes and not made on purpose . 
  when anyone says anything in black and white , you already know he has a specific agenda in mind . 
  as eu , we need a good relations with tr , sa and ru , despite what they are doing and how bratty they act ( and how dangerous they are ) so thats why public announcements are the way they are , even if people do not like it , it is necessary . 
  people would prefer a strong leader who has big mouth ( trump , zeman , putin , erdogan ) , because they are easy to understand ( even if they are lying ) , but it is not a way forward and it complicates all negotiations . 
  thats why they recently abuse the `` there is no truth '' phrase ( `` alternative facts '' , `` post truth '' , `` the other side lies more '' ... ) which allows them to lie and gain support of plebs ( not everyone can spend more than few minutes daily reading relevant stuff and thinking about it - hearing few simple statements from a charismatic leader is enough to form an opinion ) . 
  which was kind of my point at begining :d so i believe it is good time to stop . 
  ps : if you are into foreign affairs , then / r/geopolitics is a good place , but it is quite academic and sometimes hard to read , but they are trying hard to be neutral and give different povs , even if they are biased . 
  their comments and questions/answers are usually on point . 
  i am currently banned there tho for excessive memery , 
  but this isnt that much about being rational ( that should be in a basic skillset ) , if you have wrong/incomplete information , then your whole opinion is going to be based on that , even if your conclusions are correct , wrong input = wrong output , even if your methodology is on point . 
  thats why it is said that `` truth doesnt exist , only perspectives '' . 
  and people manipulating with others on purpose certainly do not help . 
  ( to me ) the best czech medium , respekt , which tries to fight these issues has [ the same problem with bis ] ( https://www.bis.cz/clanekc3b1.html?articleid=11 ) or [ with pewdiepie ] ( https://www.respekt.cz/denni-menu/skandal-nejslavnejsiho-youtubera-potvrdil-nastup-digitalnich-hvezd-do-byznysu ) - journalists ( most of them ) simply do not know enough about the issues they write about and cause confussion and shitstorms , whether they want to or do not . 
  and i hope that in both cases , it was because they simply made mistakes and it wasnt on purpose . 
   i trust the information if the person seems credible yes , it is very important , but what makes a person credible , is the issue here . 
  anyone can be made `` in-credible '' just by one article , one tv reportage , even when the judge wont find him guilty ( look how our government fell few years ago - cuz someone blamed pm for something he didnt do . 
  few years before that , 3 members of parliament were made `` controversial '' and lynched on public , when they didnt do anything illegal , as the judge said , but they still face consequences today ( ive talked to one of them , he has ptsd that someone is constantly listening to everything he says ) . 
  there is really no defense against this , as all it takes to make someone not trustworthy is one accusation and because of new `` slu\u017eebn\u00ed z\u00e1kon '' , thats enough for you to stop all your powers in state administration and someone else gets your spot , untill the trial is finished ( could tak\u00e9 months or more ) . 
  one accusation . 
  thats why i think the less regulations there are , the better . 
  corruption will be present here no matter what ( still its almost nonexistent compared to rest of the world , no matter what people here think ) , people will still do what they want , legally or illegally , you can still put the person you want at exact spot you want , if you have the power , whether law allows you or it doesnt . 
  people want to do business and the less obstacles there are , the better , because otherwise they will do it illegally and pay less taxes in return . 
  shady business will always be present . 
  all that just comes from a personal experience , which may vary among individuals . 
  if you want to understand russian mentality , when it comes to political affairs , i would suggest [ alexander dugin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foundations_of_geopolitics ) . 
  if you want to know more about western approach , try [ francis fukuyama ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_end_of_history_and_the_last_man ) . 
  the first book is only in russian , but you can find some `` digests '' in english online , summed on few pages . 
  fukuyama 's book is a bit bigger , but quite easy to read and is well written . 
  however , he wrote it in early 90s , so the world has changed a bit since then , but it is great for perspective . 
  if you want a bit more economical ( yet still a prose literature ) view , then i would suggest [ ayn rand ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atlas_shrugged ) - however , it has like 600 pages and the story could be summed in 2 sentences , yet it is mostly about the syst\u00e9m ( which is why you asked i suppose ? ) . 
  hope these are a good start . 
  i love how someone writes a book and then someone writes few sentences to disagree . 
  this is pretty much current world politics . 
  you get people that know about something and care enough to elaborate , and you get unexperienced person who tweets and wins elections . 
  i welcome your last sentence and agree , but nobody ( i am not ) disproves that barbarians won in poitiers 732bc and civilization lost ( i forgot who wrote that quote ) . 
  arabs lost , christians won . 
  if you want me to sum , why eu  me based on that book in the last cca 500 years , it is because of cognitive intolerancy = you didnt allow religion , mysticism , shamanism , horoscope , whatever to be at same level as rationalism and natural sciences ( which was untrue untill that and still is untrue in various parts of the world ) .
