  poland 's conservative nationalist government was angered when he criticised its adherence to eu standards of democracy and the rule of law . 
  he even compared jaroslaw kaczynski , poland 's de facto leader , with vladimir putin , the authoritarian russian president who is a bogeyman to most poles . 
  mr macron vowed punitive eu-wide action , within three months of taking office , against poland and hungary . 
  the government of viktor orban , prime minister , who prides himself on building an `` illiberal democracy '' in hungary , drew fire from mr macron and other western europeans because it had just passed a law that threatened the closure of the budapest-based central european university , a bastion of regional academic independence . 
  my bad , i did n't know it was paywalled . 
  anywho , text is now posted . 
  just remove the entire island , large parts of us do n't and never considered ourselves european . 
  by that same token , poles are polish , not british . 
  tis a germanic tradition though , they are n't gon na want to play as england at its best, 
  true enough , there 's a lot of factors to be considered as to why . 
  - history with europe - open travel - refugees - refusal to adopt the euro ( something which will become mandatory ) - misinformation from both camps during and leading up to the referendum - economic issues , especially in the poorer eastern states , and greece/italy and the like . 
  - youth unemployment and depressed wages - worries over loss of national sovereignty etc etc, 
  i understand , it 's not the worlds most pressing issue , there 's a lot more and a lot worse going on . 
  but it is one and should be addressed . 
  what do you mean debate about the uks reasons ? 
   ah sure that 's why they are supported by communists fine communists then . 
  when did commies start supporting fascists, 
   u.s. laptop ban could hit 350 flights a day from europe - may . 
  11 , 2017  the u.s. welcomes more than 14.5 million travelers from europe each year -- that 's 40 % of all overseas visitors to america , according to research firm euromonitor . 
  [ sauce ] ( http://money.cnn.com/2017/05/11/news/flights-electronics-laptop-ban-europe-us/ ) that 's a large number of travellers now put at risk . 
  sure they do . 
  we 're fighting his actions . 
  the level of damage is different though, 
  tradition dictates that you play fifa '90 or '14, 
  a huge chunk of europeans do though, 
  we all miss gordon , times were simpler . 
  nope , same in those places too . 
  there 's only one season here . 
  well , hopefully , they 'll listen to reason and alter or scrap the rule . 
  wait . . whut ? 
  that 's a very extreme overreaction to a man who was elected to power through ( to be the best confirmable knowledge ) legitimate means and will only remain in power for 4-8 years . 
  he 'll be replaced soon enough and our relationships with america would be damaged for a long time . 
  right , except now , the metropolitan areas have enough people in them to overwrite the wishes of a large chunk of the population and they will , almost every single time . 
  which means politicians will play only to the cities and ignore rural areas . 
  the angle ? 
  easy enough done . 
  liberals are n't immune to irrational fears either you can just reframe anti-islam rhetoric as pro-gay/woman . 
  left is more likely to take that bait . 
  sharia law is a scary and commonly misunderstood concept . 
  there 's ways and means for a clever orator to spin anything . 
  horseshoe theory in action . 
  also , since when did the far left support them ? 
  that 's a new one to me, 
  which would piss off all the rural voters who suddenly found their votes were worthless . 
  and he would n't have to drop anything , he 'd just play it up from a different angle . 
  do n't these kind of people typically want independence as well as being fiercely loyal to their own region . 
  like kosovo and istria ( croatia ) which would still making them nationalists , just not for a registered state . 
  well then , i 'm glad i was too lazy to do any in depth research into poland then, 
  they 're also not communist, 
  there 's no guarantee of that . 
  migrants will flood the to the cities ( where the opportunities are most likely to be ) , which do still have growing populations . 
  ( and unemployment rates of between 2 and 20 % ) it may well cause more issues than it solves . 
  with a little bit of digging , it seems over the last few years polands economy has been improving just fine on its own however . 
  whut ? 
  poland is not exactly the richest nation , flooding it with people it ca n't afford will mess up poland and hurt the eu . 
  that 's not impossible . 
  but . . maybe , because it was like that , that 's why all all the polish wanted to move here !, 
  hey , britain 's like that too !, 
  i never knew poland and the uk had so much in common . 
  i get ukrainian brides for some reason . 
  thanks for replying , it does seem lib dems may be the better option . 
  am english , or at least residing there , so the other two are n't really options for me . 
  and if we 're to assume that the eu will become more and more integrated i 'd rather leave . 
  i envision less the perfect peaceful europe and more yugoslavia round 2 . 
  sort of , at least one of them also wanted `` dem muslims out '' but does n't know that pakistan is commonwealth , not eu . 
  at this point , i 'm not even sure about most of it anymore . 
  i 'm only sure of a few things . 
  1 ) extend immunity to foreign nationals already residing here 2 ) maintain the nhs better 3 ) net neutrality 4 ) job pl0x 5 ) death of the snooper bill/charter ( i forget the name ) 6 ) stop restricting my porn . 
  to try and expand a little . 
  i want the eu shit settled , are we in or out , can we be friends with germany or not . 
  and related , i want my girlfriend to be able to stay here problem free . 
  ( if we stay , not an issue , if we leave , immunity for those already here ) . 
  i dunno whether or not i want us to leave , on one hand may is not my favourite person , but neither is juncker and his ideas are concerning . 
  ( eu army , etc. ), 
  i want the nhs better funded and more specialists hired . 
  also net neutrality and all that jazz . 
  i want the restrictions on porn and sex shops gone . 
  ( excluding the very obvious kinds of porn . ), 
  the licenses are insane and expensive and do more harm than good . 
  abolishing , or lessening the restrictions wo n't do any harm . 
  a few might pop up , but it 's a brutal business and only the best would survive . 
  which combined with better oversight would help reduce abuse in the industry . 
  tl ; dr : i want jobs , and to keep my gf here . 
  that help any ? 
  this . 
  i was forecast doom no matter where i looked . 
  i leave and we tank the economy and get even less jobs !, 
  i stay and the economy still tanks , just slower , and we underpay people to do our jobs instead . 
  i did n't vote in the referendum for multiple reasons , i did n't feel informed enough for one and i thought i 'd missed the deadline to be registered to vote . 
  turned out i was registered when i received my polling card late . 
  was not impressed . 
  ultimately i 'd have voted to stay if no other reason than it 'd make life easier for me and my girlfriend . 
  i 'm # 3 !, 
  i want to vote ... 
  but nobody even comes close to wait i want . 
  tough call , i might just not like i did in the referendum and the last general, 
  it 's the most common reason i see , next to the conspiracy theory guys . 
  can confirm , quite a few were convinced that a couple of the countries would follow . 
  they watched countries like italy , greece , portugal and spain have issues with their economy and decided to leave before it happens to them . 
  they 're convinced that remaining in the eu will lead to economic stagnation and decline , and would rather risk an uncertain future than a certain decline .
