no , but he is nevertheless a major figure in the party and the father of its leader . 
  this is n't his first anti-semitic outburst either , so clearly the party are n't too bothered by bigotry or else he would 've been expelled . 
  and by the way , i do realise that there 's a problem with anti-semitism in some sections of the muslim community , but voting for a party who long for vichy is n't a good way to address it . 
  bu-bu-but the fn are just concerned with the eu and immigration , there ca n't be anything racist or anti-semitic about them !!!, 
  or at least that 's what every closet fascist on reddit has been telling me ... 
  thanks very much !, 
  source for these figures ? 
  no really , the next time i encounter some right-wing , self-loathing westerner i intend to use this chart . 
  yeah , because using the fear of arrest to incentive the paying of tax , for example , is totally the same as threatening people with death if they speak out against something . 
  real deep observation . 
  yeah , but refusing to sell weapons to authoritarian countries that are n't in our camp is better than nothing . 
  using fear , intimidation and violence to achieve political ends is usually regarded as ` terrorism ' , and so the word is quite appropriate for describing the eastern ` rebels ' . 
  sure , the word 's usage is often total hyperbole , but not in this instance . 
  they may not attack the eu but there is nevertheless a very real possibility of armed conflict between russia and ukraine . 
  hell , they 've already annexed a huge chunk of ukraine 's territory and they appear to be working hard at subverting the east of the country . 
  so the question is : does france want to provide armaments to a country with a very poor human rights record at home and habit of bullying its neighbours into accepting its own agenda , on pain of military action ? 
  not forgetting that russia is one of assad 's biggest allies ... 
  it 's just a small matter of , you know ... ethics . 
  the fact that the fn do n't speak openly of their hatred of jews and other minorities does n't mean that that hatred is n't there . 
  in common with other far-right parties in western europe over the past 15-20 years they 've adopted a more euphemistic vocabulary to mask their attitudes - but every so often [ the mask slips ] ( http://www.jta.org/2014/03/14/news-opinion/world/holocaust-denier-on-french-national-front-partys-ticket ) . 
  in what respect ? 
  because the fn may have toned down their rhetoric in recent years , but the party is still full of anti-semites , nostalgics for vichy and other assorted pond life . 
  yeah , but how many of these parties have the smallest chance of gaining power in any of their respective countries ? 
  maybe jobbik in hungary ; possibly the nf in france , through a future coalition with the centre-right , or golden dawn in greece . 
  but overall comparisons with 1930s germany are completely over the top . 
  slightly hyperbolic , but a nice message nonetheless . 
  [ carreg cennen castle in carmarthenshire , south wales . 
  ] ( http://www.catchwallpapers.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/magnificent-european-style-castles-wallpapers-1920x1200-11.jpg ) looks extra pretty [ in the snow ] ( http://www.dansantillo.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2009/02/carregcennen.jpg ) though unfortunately i ca n't find a picture in a higher resolution . 
  also : [ the worm 's head near swansea ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1f/worms_head_gower.jpg ) , with added horses . 
   when you 're in a country that is n't yours you should respect its culture . 
  it 's common sense . 
  i agreed with everything else you said , but not this . 
  if russian speaking minorities have been living in estonia for their whole lives , they are not living in a country that is `` not theirs '' . 
  hey , if oligarchs control entire industries it 's because they 've worked hard and the market has rewarded them for it , right ? 
  because they became oligarchs during the free market shock therapy madness of the 1990s . 
  hey , us yankophiles just feel a little crowded out sometimes ... 
  russian capitalism is much more laissez-faire than anything in the eu . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  obama is literally hitler and snowden 's chum putin is the saviour of the free world against the great satan usa - and he 'll kill or imprison anyone who disagrees , just to demonstrate his commitment to liberty . 
  marching with a picture of a nationalistic , pro-free market president on international workers day seems to miss the point a bit , eh ? 
  it could work ; lots of workers co-operatives can work well . 
  it just would n't be legal . 
  still , taking over the factory in the hope of being allowed to own and operate it is still a more workable and realistic strategy than erm ... kidnapping some bosses . 
  i like how the czechs and the slovaks are the only neighbours who do n't loathe each other . 
  that 's unheard of in western europe . 
  [ stewart lee broke the taboo . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqyhowp74mg ), 
  * land and freedom * . 
  cracking good film , too ... very informative and in-depth . 
  a bit of random trivia : i remember reading somewhere that if he could go back to his youth , he would have invented a more efficient tractor instead of the ak47 . 
  yeah , the fact that one in five french voted for le pen should be of great concern . 
  oh wait , we were generalising on muslims . 
  carry on then . 
  name me one major british newspaper apart from the guardian and independent that is not editorially hostile to immigration . 
  even the mirror is more or less against immigration , despite having a pro-labour stance . 
  i would hardly count the morning star as a major paper . 
  edit : and six of the papers you listed called for a tory vote . 
  they 're the only major papers that did not call for a tory vote at the last election . 
  covering the events i guess , probably for the nation magazine . 
  are you for real ? 
  the british press - which is almost exclusively right-wing or at least centre-right - is almost universally hostile to immigration , legal and illegal . 
  it 's almost as if this ` politically correctness ' business was rather exaggerated ... 
  not wholly relevant , but here 's a [ pretty cool picture ] ( http://www.vanityfair.com/culture/features/2011/12/christopher-hitchens-slideshow-201112/jcr:content/par/cn_contentwell/par-main/cn_slideshow/item7.rendition.slideshowwidehorizontal.christopher-hitchens-life-in-pictures-ss09.jpg ) of christopher hitchens during the '89 romanian revolution . 
  when the habsburgs were in charge , austria was a riot . 
  those aristocrats , huh !, 
   this does not mean i think it is the right thing to do , it is a selfish move on my part . 
  i do indeed think it is `` unethical '' , and i would behave in an unethical manner . 
  right , so you 've basically undermined your own argument here . 
   source on the illegality of emotional abuse and ( non physical , non threatening , non-racial ) bullying ? 
  intimidation and harassment - which could both be construed as forms of emotional abuse - are usually illegal . 
   how can it be known that i am truly suffering when only i can know this ? 
  i do n't know . 
  how do i know that the world is real , and that it is n't a figment of my imagination ( solipsism ) ? 
  you 've asked an interesting philosophical question , but it 's usually pretty obvious when someone is suffering . 
   i would have a spouse divorce me and it ruins my life to the point where i want to commit suicide , this does not qualify as emotional abuse does it ? 
  no , of course not . 
  but nobody marries someone because they intend to divorce them later , in order to cause them emotional pain . 
  sometimes emotional pain is unavoidable . 
   well here we disagree fundamentally . 
  what do you think about hard-drug use or the choice to enroll in the military ? 
  i 'm in favour of ending the ` war on drugs ' and of legalising some drugs and decriminalising all of them . 
  but unlike suicide using hard drugs wo n't necessarily make it that you end up dying . 
  same with joining the military . 
   same goes for someone you truly love suddenly ending a long-term relationship in which you were fully satisfied . 
  you do n't want it to happen , but they do , and who is to judge whether they are in the right to do so ? 
  breaking up with someone and committing suicide are incomparable . 
  there are life-altering decisions , and then there are life-ending ones . 
  and according to your logic , it would be unethical * ever * to stop someone from committing suicide - even if it 's on a whim - because of the ' i own my body ' argument . 
  and , to be honest , that 's a position that borders on nihilism . 
   inflicting emotional suffering on others is not a crime nor should it be deliberately inflicting emotion pain is - and should be - in some cases illegal ( e.g. 
  emotional abuse , bullying ) . 
   well there is no moral absolute here from which either of us can base an argument . 
  there is no manual which we can consult . 
  if an otherwise physically healthy person wants to commit suicide , this is enough evidence for me that they are n't thinking clearly . 
  yeah , it 's really more of an ultra-nationalist state ( and extremely racist , too ) . 
  venezuela is just a mixed economy , with what looks like quite a lot of political corruption . 
  in response to a now deleted comment by / u/doctorheredoctor ( i spent enough time writing it , so what the hell , i 'm going to post it ) :  why do you think the case of the transsexual or the deaf twins was too far ? 
  i 'm just curious , because i feel that adults should be allowed to do what they want with their own bodies . 
  the article brings up the ` alarming ' figure that 1/50 deaths in belgium are now caused by euthanasia . 
  is n't it utopic to strive for a world where the time , place and circumstance of all deaths can be chosen by the individual that will experience it ?
