  but i do n't think they have the chance this year ... 
  i live in florida now so beinsports is my friend ... 
  while in the us i always identify myself as an european ... because 90 % of the time they do n't know that spain is a country in europe and not puerto rico . 
  the best one i 've received is :, 
  `` i 've been there !, 
  it 's just by colombia !, 
  you must 've driven for a long time to get here ! '', 
  unfortunately anyone without a basic knowledge of geography only identifies that spanish is a language and that is spoken by mexicans and puerto ricans . 
  first of all its castellano ( the language ) and every country has their own version of it in slang and even verbiage . 
  someone is have a hard time understanding each other at times if there is n't experience in dealing with other versions of the language ( most exemplary chilenos with the rest ! ), 
  i am a mediterranean spaniard from the canary islands , but mixed of a canary with a gallego . 
  many of my middle eastern friends first thought i was from the peninsula countries . 
  but in greece i was spoken to in greek and in italy in italian . 
  i am totally cool with my mediterranean looks and heritage and i think to amazing that so many countries have such a tight genetic pool that goes much further than the moorish control for almost 700 years to the roman empire . 
  the moors had a massive impact in pre - during and post-medieval spain and portugal . 
  in language , science , etc. 
  this included the jews that lived in peace in the peninsula alongside the moors and the christians . 
  but since the expulsion of both in 1492 it has moved on from the culture , the thought and everything else . 
  we have left the remains of that in language and architecture . 
  back then the golden age of islam was science , tolerance , and advancement . 
  but as a christian nation it fought back for centuries to recover the lost country . 
  depends on the new yorker , with a little education i am sure it was a joke . 
  sorry to bring you off your high horse , but the vast majority of people i 've come across do n't know spain was a country in europe . 
  most people , yes , most believe that spain is in latin america or `` near mexico '' . 
  i 'm glad that you seem to understand enough to know otherwise . 
  do people clap at you every time you open your mouth ? 
  must be great that your safe space has a map . 
  love it !, 
  socialism, 
  is this where i get on the hype train to milano ??? 
  go to miami and visit versailles . 
  otherwise in orlando the best is black bean deli on colonial . 
  what i love them and i 'm finding out now !!!, 
  i didnt even know they were here !, 
  one of my favorite bands and i didnt know :( foudn out at 10pm way too late, 
  local lads ? 
  iniesta , villa , and pedro are not catalonian . 
  in spain they sell these fake shirts all over the place . 
  even at duty free shops at the airport literally right next to the airport real madrid store . 
  of course , if you see they wrote in the shirt that its an official product but its not !, 
  man , go to player 1 and talk to anyone . 
  its where i met some of my best orlando friends !, 
  it 's amazing we turned such a magnificent creature in a chihuahua, 
  out of retirement and back to madrid ?? 
  man , do you support podemos ? 
  went a couple days ago to the sand lake location expecting a blowout and people everywhere . 
  markdowns of 10-30 % mostly on the stuff nobody wants, 
  going in tomorrow to close my xe premium ... not as nice as yours but proud nonetheless !, 
  to me , he was the mvp of the final . 
  obviously ramos ' goal is the key . 
  but gareth was everywhere , he was defending , shooting . 
  i do think that cr7s insistence to preferably shoot even if he does n't have the best shot , or the team looking for him above everyone else really does n't let bale shine the way he should . 
  apologies if i was n't clear , but cr7 is critical to this team , because he is our top scorer and focus in attacking play . 
  benzema is not a high scoring killer 9 and bale ca n't score at cr7s levels , thus it works as it currently stands . 
  regardless , there are games that cr is simply for performing to where he wants to and it is then when we should be sitting him for rest and giving bale a lot more of the protagonist . 
  at the end i was hoping they would 've meshed together a lot more , but i would n't trade them for any other player ... 
  but do wish we had much better back ups . 
  now that you say that ... me neither . 
  honestly i was almost expecting cr7 to move on to a final massive contract at psg . 
  while many would 've been 50/50 on it it would 've given a lot of opportunities for bale to step up and bring others in . 
  if he stays , i do n't see any major signings for the wingers, 
  those two with bringing back jesus vallejo and diego llorente is all we need . 
  asensio should be loaned to a cl team like villareal or sevilla . 
  odegaard promoted to start getting minutes or loaned to espanyol . 
  diego llorente is in the eurocup team and plays defense . 
  he 's been loaned to rayo and was really good . 
  certainly not the reason as to why they dropped to segunda . 
  like nacho he deserves a chance in our squad . 
  jese needs to blow up somewhere this would be at a team with euro experience but he would be the star . 
  maybe even napoli or the premiership or bundesliga . 
  kovanvould be loaned to ac milan . 
  vallejo needs primera experience he is a beast and will be the next ramos/hierro . 
  mark my words in that !, 
  odegaard i think is ready for a small primera team if castilla fail to promote to segunda . 
  the best example is halilovic is only a couple years older and did very well at sporting this year , but with no space in barca will probably be sold off to italy or valencia . 
  espanyol is a bit crazy at the moment , but it has a very ambitious plan with the new owners . 
  young players such as them could do very well in increasing their level to compete in europe next season if they want to actually turn into a serious force . 
  how old is your dog ? 
  top quality puppet ... 
  i approve, 
  of course he is going to say that . 
  he 's literally throwing his father under the bus . 
  he brings in millions upon millions a year , why would n't his father be ok with spending some time in jail if it means that his son continues to bring in all that money . 
  he plays the shaggy/jon snow card , gets a massive fine , and his father pleads guilty . 
  keeps his sponsorships , keeps his salary , and the pro-barca media will swipe it under the rug within hours like it never happened . 
  this is the teams real second color , not the green or the black , or pink . 
  this is what i 've been waiting for . 
  back to basics . 
  cant wait to wear it next season !, 
  all the old blood running away from barca ... alves , adriano , mascherano , bartra, 
  rumor mill with busquets to city and ter stegen leaving as well . 
  looks like only suarez and neymar are happy with the messi dictatorship, 
  it 's certainly worth looking into as the new signings simply are not working arda and aleix and douglas . 
  while youngsters are not given the opportunities they used to in the past . 
  you have to admit something simply is not working and luis enrique does n't control the dressing room and half the players have tax trouble now . 
  since guardiola left it 's gotten messier and messier . 
  the winning of the titles is more attributed to the players than the office or coaching . 
  i am hoping he is the stone needed to finally bring them back to la liga next season . 
  this year they came very close and ended off by just a couple points . 
  oviedo deserves to be in la liga and become a top team again .
