  i hope he 's finally learned spanish and is ready to go on a top tier loan next season , otherwise i would like for zidane to start giving him a few minutes here and here . 
  one thing is to train with the first team , another is to play with them for real . 
  i need to change my case to something like this . 
  can you share specs ? 
  great news for us , considering that once he gets into the low-mid 30s kovacic and our other young players would by then take up most of the playing time as his physique starts to slow down . 
  modric absolute maestro , will be remembered kindly by the football gods . 
  is the unlock actually working for anyone ? 
  i tried with hma and others and it didnt work, 
  bunda is more of butt than ass my friend !, 
  still find it incredibly insane that players can earn in a week what most people earn if they are lucky in 1-3 years . 
  football is well past the crazy money point now ... 
  so this is how it works ... someone is going broke after this, 
  too bad his attitude is no where near his talent . 
  this took me to a windows boot manager screen with a tool option of windows memory diagnostic . 
  the keyboard doesnt seem to respond in bios . 
  ill try a usb keyboard . 
  edit * usb keyboard also unresponsive *, 
  yes , it appears that windows is somehow locked as the passwords used to expire every 90 days . 
  they have locked out my user after i left and windows is not allowing me to log back in to do a system reset . 
  f10 gives me a boot selection screen with the bios , but the keyboard becomes non-responsive . 
  it appears that the main bios is locked from employee use , but it clearly had a way to go around it . 
  the computer uses windows 7 and will not allow me log into windows as a user or an admin . 
  thanks !, 
  he is a regular in this sub , 
  wow , that was some exciting commentating . 
  almost fell asleep in the time of a gif, 
  bein sport in spanish is the same thing , and the espn in latin america an and us have a massive hardon for messi and neymar , but anything madrid is shit for a 10 ft pole . 
  embarrassing . 
  so if we assume you were born in 1992 then you got her pregnant at 20-21 ? 
  did it affect what you did with your life ? 
  school ? 
  college ? 
  marriage ? 
  this is fantastic , as long as he is smart and begins to understand that his stamina and speed will begin to drop in comparison to younger players like james and asensio . 
  hopefully he reinvents himself as a super 9 and avoids having to do 50mt runs and stay fitter that way . 
  i can see him turn into a 9 with asensio and bale on the wings with isco/james behind him . 
  this would also mean that benzema either goes to bench or moves to arsenal . 
  he is doing very well in the castilla , but needs to be given the responsibility and growth that is expected of him . 
  i would loan him to a segunda division team like oviedo or sending him to another bundesliga team like frankfurt with vallejo . 
  sending him to another country that speaks yet another language will be a mistake and he will be lost both on and off the pitch . 
  i would say ... none because they are gon na ask you to do anyways . 
  the level of mis-information posted in this thread by both sides , but mostly the pro-separatist posters is almost impressive . 
  send me a pm please with details . 
  we have a shar pei already in orlando and looking to grow our family . 
  the happiest place on earth, 
  where you get that backpack ?!, 
  i simply must have it !, 
  my wife has been seeing dr. charles at the florida hospital off north orange ave. she has been fantastic through her whole treatment regarding her thyroid . 
  we recommend her and dr. baktiani at the same office . 
  clearly the bundesliga is our training league . 
  i propose we send odegaard next year to frankfurt or wolfsburg or leverkusen to get experience . 
  i was having a conversation with my father about this the other day when we were filling up at wawa . 
  if i could save a short trip into the store for a chocolate , gum , or drink and add it to the gas tab it would make my life easier and most likely be willing to get something . 
  anyone want to develop something like this with me ? 
  is n't mayoral at wolfsburg ? 
  from what i 've heard he 's been quiet and nothing has really come from him or impressed as much as vallejo . 
  odegaard needs to get the chance at a team that makes him a central part of their play . 
  if bundesliga does n't work i think espanyol , eibar , celta , or villareal would be great options for him . 
  a few weeks ? 
  i understood that the eb-5 process takes 8-15 months . 
  if you are an attorney and your firm can do it in a few weeks please pm me , i should change attorneys to your firm . 
  i 'm ceo for a company here in orlando . 
  feel free to send me a pm, 
  he 's only 17 it 's too young to go to a top team like that . 
  either way he will be going on loan soon . 
  what does my post history have to do with my work ? 
  it shows that i like soccer , live in orlando , and have a dog . 
  do you post about your day to day job every single day ? 
  i am confused as to why a post history needs to `` prove '' what i do . 
  i will provide proof of it to the op for his project . 
  did n't know having hobbies was an impediment to inning a business . 
  you have no posts , does that mean you do n't do anything ? 
  well to me , the fact its more about pushing humanity techonologically forward rather than just making more money is part of the reason . 
  he also is very public with his views and makes sure people know him a la richard branson . 
  i ca n't say that i 've heard steve jobs speak outside of apple events or mark z very much for that matter . 
  to be honest , i was expecting john cena ... 
  can anyone update to include ? 
  i hope he brought us all more wrinkles !, 
  portugal ens roba !, 
  i saw a black cat in citrus chase , but it was last week . 
  seconded . 
  did our last anniversary there and it was fantastic !, 
  never seen this guy . 
  npi, 
  do you have the balance sheet ? 
  also where is this located ? 
  thanks !, 
  hi there , what type of work is she looking for ? 
  something temporary or long term ? 
  admin or management ? 
  what are her skills ? 
  my ten year old , he 's got so much energy , believe me , he 's like a little energy expert . 
  we should put all 10 year olds on hamster wheels and give us all free energy . 
  believe me i know more than the engineers at this energy thing . 
  they 'll find the new technology so much cooler than a coal mine and plant and change it all to solar/wind . 
  i like the away . 
  i 'm not sure i like the cyan stripes . 
  yes !, 
  being close minded and nationalistic is the recipe for failure of the european project , democracy , and the sacrifices of those in wwii and after . 
  i was so confused listening to it .
