  well dr. wu i would consider a semi bad guy . 
  anyone else love the full color as much as me ? 
  ramos and ozil are long known to be bffs, 
  im going this saturday with my god-brother who si coming for the weekend . 
  looking for tickets now, 
  hi are you still selling the pc ? 
  is it available ? 
  do you have pictures ? 
  how is russia continuously so much cheaper than any other region ? 
  check out www.worldofhomes.net they 've been incredibly helpful for me . 
  rocio helped me out and went great !, 
  i lived in chile and pokemons are the urban tribe that dresses like they live in an anime they usually huddle in public parks and make out . 
  i 'd like to know who these fans are . 
  i have n't heard a peep out of this out of anyone . 
  seems like they forget messi looking like a 12 year old drooling over aimar . 
  everyone thought it was cute . 
  what a bunch of bs . 
  and then it 'll be delayed another 5 years . 
  is there really no external body that can go in and clear out the house ? 
  diego torres the most unreliable madrid reporter . 
  staunch anti-madrid `` journalist '' there is . 
  i wouldnt trust anythign that comes out of his writing . 
  im very interested in building a similar sized build for gaming on my 4k tv . 
  do you mind sharing the parts list ? 
  supposedly close to signing for madrid before going to monaco and again before going to inter . 
  i 'm glad !, 
  he is a total superstar in my fm15 play through !, 
  there is no way an unknown player is worth 25m . 
  prices these days are absolutely insane . 
  love this signing . 
  absolute beast in fm15, 
  do you have a location ? 
  loads of real madrid players have been sent on loan or sold to atletico . 
  it 's always fantastic when they benefit but when real does then all hell breaks loose . 
  the insane thing is that both of those could 've easily played for spain . 
  dani alves missed his spanish nationalization by a couple months for 2006 wc when luis aragones wanted to bring him , but as he did n't complete in time he had to bring pernia the argentine who had also recently become spanish . 
  messi was given the choice of argentina and spain , but he always was very close to rosario and his family and chose argentina for that . 
  but imagining spain with those two would 've been ridiculous and probably would n't have had the bad luck of 2006 vs france and a much better 2014 campaign . 
  did n't he also score 2 against lyon like 4-5 years back ? 
  one tied game and immediately under pressure . 
  yep sounds exactly like our beloved spanish sports press, 
  best use of military possible . 
  protecting national treasures . 
  where is the do it gif when its needed ? 
  keeping in mind he is croatian , and played in italy he is not going to know much spanish or even less catalan for that matter . 
  south downtown here ... absolutely insane last night . 
  the amount of lightning hitting literally on and around my building was pretty amazing . 
  i will admit at moments freaked as well . 
  orlando ale house on universal with a cajun chicken pasta or chicken nachos . 
  can never go wrong . 
  well i just moved here recently too . 
  usually spending a lot of time by myself if i am not working . 
  to beat the problem taken a few drives south to visit friends in miami . 
  any specific hobbies or activities you are into ? 
  shame had some amazing haggis in edinburgh last year !, 
  any interesting top picks coming out of the draft or any dp we could bring via kaka influence ? 
  so real madrid with asensio , ceballos , vallejo , mayoral all top in u19 . 
  add on top odegaard , jese , isco , varane , etc. 
  you start picking up that the team is changing radically . 
  building up the superstars . 
  perez has reorganized the market when he started signing the superstars , realizing there is only so much inflation in signings that the team will be able to support long term , small investments now can be fantastic in a couple years down the road . 
  setting up the base of the future spain nt with some of the best talent anywhere . 
  so far im liking my w10 , less issues than expected , looks great , and i 've seen a noticeable improvement in gaming . 
  last minute chicharito signing . 
  i 'm game . 
  either way the club is betting on jese . 
  i think this is his last season if he does n't really step up to the plate . 
  otherwise we still have mayoral and cr7 able to play in 9 . 
  shame , i always defended him and agreed that he probably needed more time or more chances . 
  maybe a loan to liverpool would 've fit the cards . 
  also it was benitez who helped alonso become the player he was . 
  i would 've expected benitez to work his magic the same way he did in merseyside . 
  thanks !, 
  i had forgotten that he was not citizen yet ... shame . 
  it 's a bit manic at the moment . 
  we are tryign to turn bale into a messi-esque player that has complete freedom in the front line , while giving cr7 exactly the same freedom . 
  we need a solid 9 that can score as well as receive . 
  benzema is more of the latter . 
  during the sporting match it was obvious that it almost looked like players were scared to shoot on goal , and tried to do way too much and almost walk it into the goal . 
  this was very obvious when isco simply trying to play the ball a little too much before looking for the pass . 
  james was the one who really changed the attack when he came on . 
  either way something is not working and it ewas obvious in the preseason and last night . 
  the team needs a solid cf that can smash them in . 
  i would even go as far to say that ibra would be a solid option or cavani . 
  i think he will do fantastically well . 
  i was hoping he would go to porto or betis to get experience in either a league that speaks his language or a team within spain to continue his liga experience . 
  but with michel there , marseille is a solid choice . 
  i 'll add 373737, 
  op is probably one of the best op to come around here ever, 
  i would absolutely love to commission me and my wife and dog !, 
  i was in barcelona as a young kid about 7-8 yrs old . 
  this was the early 90s ... no big names from today were there . 
  despite the experience always a madridista . 
  it 's all they ever think about ... whats going on in the bernabeu than their own house . 
  i live in this building . 
  i found out because of the camera crews trying to interview and telling everyone what happened . 
  thankfully i wasnt here at the time . 
  poor fella , a long night turned into the rest of his life . 
  i read this article and threw it straight in the trash . 
  clearly he does n't understand anything about the sport or how it works .
