  i dont want to give too much away , but lets leave it very top line : a simple social network including direct video chat . 
  thanks ill give it a quick look, 
  have been looking for one , some of my friends are not well versed in what i am trying to accomplish here, 
  @nukacola is in game waiting for invite ( ad in us ! ), 
  thanks buddy !, 
  he is turning 5 in june and he is huge !, 
  he is an amazing son !, 
  you all did n't already have daenerys khaleesi colored hair ? 
  where is the white flag ? 
  what is appalling is that they gave russia and qatar world cups ... it is now more than clear that both voting sessions were completely paid off by russian gas and qatari oil money . 
  there is clear corruption at all levels of fifa that needs to be purged and expunged out of the organization as soon as possible . 
  pirlo and buffon paying off refs and involved in underground betting . 
  preposterous !, 
  both of them could play any match in a tuxedo and still be the best on the field . 
  if involved they were clearly double agents trying to identify who is running these illegal betting rings . 
  i saw this guy too ... i thought it was some sort of running joke from the beta, 
  i must say it 's been a great start everyone is trying to figure out things and share everything ... sometime guild chat can be a bit overbearing with / zone in the early areas with so much quick scrolling . 
  either way i 'd like to see more groups for questing/leveling soon !, 
  good pick up ... here have an upboat, 
  agreed , i realised this after i posted . 
  but it makes a massive difference when you are a tiny country with 2million pop vs. 147million in russia . 
  the oligarchs in russia have already a lot of power in europe and in-bedded within fifa already , qatar is tiny but they profits they are reinvesting in driving their massive pro-qatari marketing campaign to help hide human rights abuses for years . 
  saw it for the first time last night ... i just went `` dammit not already ! '', 
  then again 1000gold for 100bucks is not a good deal !, 
  hey !, 
  i am happy to be involved . 
  i am an imperial dragonknight with blacksmithing , havent decided on a second profession to focus on . 
  in the champions league there is n't one sided after the group stage ... 
  well mascherano is not exactly a cb , he is only there due to puyol 's injuries , seniority and experience . 
  does n't change the fact that barcelona have had a serious defensive lack of depth couple years now . 
   the disciplinary committee underlined that fifa takes the protection of minors in football very seriously . 
  the protection of minors is one of the key principles included in the agreement concluded between fifa , uefa and the european commission in 2001 . 
  the disciplinary committee acknowledged that young football players are vulnerable to exploitation and abuse in a foreign country without the proper controls . 
  this particular fact makes the protection of minors in football by the sport 's governing bodies , especially by fifa , even more important . 
   with regard to the case in question , fc barcelona has been found to be in breach of art . 
  19 of the regulations in the case of ten minor players and to have committed several other concurrent infringements in the context of other players , including under annexe 2 of the regulations . 
   the disciplinary committee regarded the infringements as serious and decided to sanction the club with a transfer ban at both national and international level for two complete and consecutive transfer periods , together with a fine of chf 450,000 . 
  additionally , the club was granted a period of 90 days in which to regularise the situation of all minor players concerned . 
   with regard to the rfef , the disciplinary committee determined that the association had also violated art . 
  19 of the regulations and other provisions in the context of the transfer and first registration of certain minor players . 
  in this respect , the rfef was sanctioned with a fine of chf 500,000 and granted a period of one year in which to regularise their regulatory framework and existing system concerning the international transfer of minors in football . 
   in addition , the rfef and the club were issued with a reprimand in accordance with art . 
  14 of the fifa disciplinary code . 
  ** basically 1 year with no transfers allowed and chf900 ,000 ( $ 1million usd ) fine . 
  * turns to exit *, 
  mascherano was never a cb until he came to barcelona , he was a defensive midfielder in argentina , in corinthians , in west ham , and in liverpool . 
  at barcelona he started being played out of position to replace pique or puyol when unavailable and injured . 
  it is certainly obvious he feels out of place as a cb most of the time , he is slow to react and gets caught off guard on counter attacks . 
  mascherano is not a top tier cb , but a top class defensive midfielder being played out of position . 
  in english :, 
   fifa has imposed a penalty on the violation of bar\u00e7a `` provisions relating to the transfer and registration of the first minor foreign nationals in the club '' and has imposed a sanction for which will not sign until the summer of 2015 in addition to a fine 370,000 euros . 
   fifa has assured the ser that this sanction will remain although regularized by the signings he has been punished . 
  so the penalty for not signing during the next two transfer periods ( summer 2014 and winter 2015 ) is irrevocable . 
   `` research dealt with ten children enrolled in the club who participated in tournaments with the team for several seasons between 2009 and 2013 , `` said fifa in a statement . 
  during this period laporta and sandro rosell chaired the catalan club . 
  these actions of the catalan club are `` grave breaches '' that caused the double penalty , and the obligation to `` regularize the situation of children affected all players '' within 90 days . 
   `` the disciplinary commission is aware that , without proper controls , young players may be vulnerable to exploitation and abuse in a foreign country . 
  for this reason , the governing bodies of sport and , in particular , fifa , considered even more important protection of minors in football , `` he explains . 
   `` above all , the commission stressed that while in individual cases an international transfer can boost the career of a young player , it is likely that this practice harms the child . 
  based on this analysis , the committee decided that the interest of ensuring the proper and healthy development of a child in all aspects of his life prevails over the purely sporting interests , `` said fifa . 
   moreover , the disciplinary committee has determined that `` l to rfef also violated article 19 and other provisions concerning the transfer and registration of the first minor . '', 
  therefore , he has decided to impose one spanish federation fined 500,000 swiss francs ( 410.00 euros ) and has been granted a period of one year to amend its regulatory framework and transfer system under force . 
  this should also affect the halilovic signing or is it ok because he joins barcelona b and thus its considered a separate club as they play professionally in second division ? 
  chelsea 's punishment was overturned becuase they came to an agreement with kakuta 's former club and ended up paying a fee plus other costs , thus it was overturned . 
  this here is for barcelona an organized system affecting many years and players being brought in illegally . 
  fifa needs to hold their hand strong and steady if they want to rid the game of such practices . 
  if they overturn of give them leniency what stops other teams from doing this ? 
  am i the only one that is expecting something similar to come again arsenal as well ? 
  the neymar case is not over , barcelona is still in criminal legal proceedings in spain over it and is expected to lose the case and pay millions ... do n't quote me : but i 've read somewhere that it can go up to 63million euros in fines . 
  i thought pinto 's contract also ran out ... can someone confirm ? 
  let 's not forget barca needed to offload afellay , keirrison , krikic , etc. 
  also puyol is leaving and valdes has already signed for monaco . 
  barca had prepaid 13million as a sign of goodwill before it went to trial . 
  it was confirmed that the 13m would be reduced from the result of the trial . 
  if that is the case then halilovic would not be allowed to join , as all contracts have to be signed during the transfer window , and i would guess this applies to all teams within the fcbarcelona entity . 
  agreed , that is what i tried to do above and differentiate the cases are they are very different . 
  chelsea was a one time approach and signing , in barcelona this seems to be a structured set up for years which has been deemed against fifa regulation . 
  this is great news for halilovic and ter stegen ... despite this it doesnt solve the defensive line issues barca needs to still sign a cb . 
  looks like batra is now top pick . 
  anything to ensure that everyone counts as a `` canterano '' or home grown for the future . 
  funny enough barcelona has accused arsenal of tapping their youth players with toral and bellerin !, 
  is arsenal next ? 
  what did pro vercelli do ? 
  `` eleven year old joshua pynadath , whose family is based in united states of america , has won the chance to train at real madrid 's prestigious academy for a year , after impressing in a second trial . '', 
  they have not signed him , he is on an extended trial . 
  it is very different from a full signing . 
  young kids get this all the time . 
  it seems to be a lockdown of all transfer activity , this would include loaning players , by the wording alone . 
  but i dont see why players should be confined to the team with no opportunities because of a ban . 
  i would expect that they can still loan and sell players out , but not bring anyone in . 
  again this should set a precedent , and investigations run in all clubs thought to be doing such a thing . 
  it certainly seems like this has been investigated for sometime . 
  the spanish sports commissioner mentioned that this investigation went back over 10 years . 
  is n't the cas a legal body , so it would be able to enforce decisions under rule of law ? 
  you are right its correct . 
  but barcelona still complained for the tapping of players without professional contracts . 
  diego torres wrote this article ... now its quite clear that there is not a single drop of truth in the whole thing . 
  there is a dungeon finder ? 
  i suppose you are playing as dragonknight ? 
  becuase i cant seem to get the tanking down or i 've picked up all the wrong skills .
