  makes so much sense , i am level 11 and i am pretty sure i 've set the build incorrectly . 
  i have 2 points in magicka and stamina with the rest in health . 
  ive picked up fiery grip with spiked armor and dark talons . 
  ultimate i picked up dragon leap , but i 've never been able to use it yet !, 
  i usually start with spike armor , fiery grip , and dark talons , i am using 1h with shield to use a low slash for damage . 
  does this make sense at all or did i just absolutely lose the plot ? 
  thanks for the insight , every day we are finding new things as they have not been properly publicized or communicated . 
  i remember mcmananman as one of the early `` galacticos '' he had a great work ethic , was a team player and very well liked in the club . 
  i understand he was involved in convincing michael owen to move to madrid . 
  david beckham was my favorite player until kaka ' started exploding in milan . 
  i used to have his adidas poster in my room ( the impossible is nothing ) which had him celebrating his first goals for madrid . 
  he was by far the most professional of the galacticos and worked to no end . 
  i agree with / u/rrdlre in which he worked himself into the team and could put it into the box pin point accuracy without much effort . 
  some fans misguide bad feelings towards him because he basically pushed figo out of the starting 11 , and his signing was a commercial decision which delayed ronaldinho to the following year and thus picked up by barcelona ( the rest is history ) . 
  michael owen was fantastic , but unfortunately he had ronaldo and raul in front of him . 
  he actually got ( i believe ) 12 goals considering the extremely limited time he got to play . 
  he would 've been great with a bit longer time in the team . 
  then the world cup came around , injury and shipped off to newcastle . 
  jonathan woodgate , i feel people feel bad for him rather than dislike him , he came with a lot of expectations , but his constant injuries and bad luck kept him from playing much , and when he did it did not go well for him . 
  laurie cunningham was amazing for real madrid when he signed and unfortunately injuries kept him from really coming into form in his last years with the team . 
  despite that he is still well liked amongst supporters who remember him . 
  why not actually start a club from scratch rather than buy one ? 
  # 2.5 m in funding could easily purchase a small municipal stadium somewhere and join a lower level amateur league . 
  heck we can even let redditors play for the team too . 
  even when he tried playing in europe he failed spectacularly, 
  you are just mad he always gets a goal against chelsea . 
  c'mon chicharito is a new inzaghi , but can actually make the right runs , hes just in a midtable team with no proper passing or a real manager . 
  his bff bale is here now , he isnt going anywhere ... 
  lets not forget casemiro , man of the match ( if we exclude reus ), 
  i am sure we can get plenty of people with enough patience to do this . 
  i will start a discussion . 
  family from tenerife , born in las palmas , raised in madrid . 
  so i am a fan or real madrid , tenerife , and ud las palmas . 
  all my fm games involve bringing tenerife to top flight and building an awesome team of youngsters to take over europe . 
  i dont think this is anywhere near concrete as a real option . 
  we have illarra , khedira , and casemiro , why spend 45million on him when we have already better players . 
  rather spend 45million on pogba . 
  very happy to see the panzer-dira back !, 
  nos on to cr7 and jese !, 
  i think sami is key in this set up !, 
  he usually makes the right passes , pushes forward to pull defenders with him , he is big and strong and against physical teams like osasuna , sevilla , atletico , he comes up marvellously in shutting down the toughness out of them . 
  on top of that , against barca is he always on top of messi , trying to nullify him out of the game by not letting him play . 
  he is a destructive cm , he gets the ball back and gives it to xabi and modric to play it forward . 
  i really like khedira and i hope he returns stronger than ever !, 
  i would find it very difficult to play possession against bayern , same as trying to do so against barcelona . 
  when you have di maria , isco , bale , and modric you are better off coming out quickly from the back and look for as many shots as possible on goal . 
  trying to pass around will be very difficult as i am sure that guardiola will have another 2-3-2-3 set up for very high pressure on the rm defense . 
  we need to be realistic that our defense is not the best passers in the game , and under pressure they will mess it up as it happened against dortmund . 
  i see guardiola playing exactly as he did against manchester united at home last week . 
  i love the set up , as all the german 's teams we 've played this season have circular badges !, 
  despite that , this is the german that survived in the movie , and we can not allow that !, 
  this summer i keep it simple . 
  we know coentrao is likely to leave , he wants more playtime , di maria is looking to go somewhere he is always a starter , and benzema needs some real competition because he is too soft overall . 
  out on loan i would send morata and casemiro . 
  i would sign pogba to casemiro/di maria 's position , alberto moreno for coentrao , and close it all off with suarez or aguero to compete with benzema . 
  if arbeloa decides to move on ( likely with his age ) i would look to diego llorente to be brought into the first team to support carvajal . 
  mes-who ? 
  it 's pathetic who militant anti-madrid and anti-spain some barcelona fans have become . 
  i rather have a spanish team win competitions if real madrid is not there . 
  anything to keep la liga at the top and keep attracting more talent and money to the competition . 
  i like di maria , but i very much rather have him come in as a resolver for the second half than from the begining . 
  he misses far too many of the shots he takes . 
  benzema has his days , but he is way too inconsistent for a 9 that real madrid needs . 
  since ronaldo scores so many , he have lost the expectation that the striker number 9 is a high scoring player . 
  i think that we need to regain that , someone line suarez , falcao , aguero , cavani , would fit in great . 
  with hunger for goals and always looking to play . 
  benzema when he is on fire , he is hard to beat , but when he is not ( most of the time ) he is excruciatingly frustrating . 
  how do they cost 150m ? 
  pogba cant be more than 40-45 , moreno will be 12m , and a top striker will go around 50m . 
  110m if pushing it , but i dont see 150-200m spending this summer, 
  he is playing fantastically well yes , and hopefully he keeps it up for the rest of the season !, 
  either way , there has been a lot of noise about him wanting to leave to get more playing time , and not be pushed aside for new signings . 
  then again , after real madrid , everything is downhill from here !, 
  my boy !, 
  new to the subreddit ... what is this and how does it work ? 
  i know what i am imagining of him doing tonight in my head , but i dont want to say it to not jinx it ... but whatever he does just remember that i told you so ... 
  isco , modric , or jese will all battle it out for the number . 
  what did i just read ? 
  marcelo is nothing for an alonso replacement . 
  what do we have illarra for ? 
  heck every day illarra and alonso and more and more alike . 
  i am even starting to see illarra run , pass , and even turn exactly like alonso . 
  we just signed a less-bearded younger clone that hopefully will turnout like this clone-papa . 
  i do n't try to understimate william , i 'm sure he is fantastic , but one thing is to play in porto and another in real madrid , any player will tell you that . 
  also it is absurd any player that is decent suddenly costs tens of millions . 
  i am sure he will end up going for less than 25m, 
  wearing pijamas to a football match , should not happen anywhere !, 
  i am glad someone remembered ... 
  i had 2 things in my head , bale scoring a header , and bale scoring a `` classic bale '' goal to shut everyone up . 
  crazy enough his header goal ( was disallowed ) and he closed off the game with probably one of the best goals in his career . 
  and the press still loves to spend the day saying that everyone hates everyone and they all have little different groups within the team ... this group is as close as a band of brothers, 
  they have free worldwide delivery right now for 48 hours . 
  so you are better off ordering the minimum amount and get it all delivered for free . 
  their shipping is very good in my experience . 
  so much bs over and over again from the press everywhere ... i remember mourinho was also `` tapped '' to be man utd and tottenham manager last year before joining chelsea . 
  just like they were already saying that bale wanted to return to spurs and other nonsensical pieces of news ... anything to get fans to keep buying and reading their joke newspapers ( same in spain with marca , mundo deportivo , sport , and as ), 
  last game in madrid was not a `` violent '' game , and i do not see why tonights should be either . 
  if we can get in an early goal it will put further risk of bayern players getting all heated up , we just need to keep our heads cool and focus on scoring . 
  they are best friends since many years ago , and isco publicly said one of the reasons he came to real was to play with his friends from the sub-nt spain teams ( morata , nacho , illara , carvajal ... etc ), 
  in madrid with his friends ( pepe and marcelo ) and near portugal with sunny skies,
