as another spaniard living abroad it is truly ironic to see the same `` youth '' that voted for zapatero after march 11th attacks are now crying to see that their `` socialist '' president has only completely ruined the country , the economy , everything and created the bubble . 
  it is unfortunate that the youth that voted for zapatero in the first place did so because he was a populist and promised all sort of things that were absurd just to get the youth vote . 
  and this youth quickly forgot the destructive presidency of felipe gonzalez because they were kids and did n't see it first hand . 
  zp used the 11-m attacks to his advantage to blame the government and win the vote . 
  what is unfortunate is that between zp and rajoy ( center right , pp party ) one had to pick the `` better of two bad choices '' , unfortunately we went with the worse one . 
  at the end of the day history proves that aznar was the best thing that happened to us in the 20th century . 
  `` oh youre from spain ? 
  i was there last year in madrid , barcelona , and mallorca . 
  it 's so convenient that is next to brazil and mexico '', 
  - this person was a neurosurgeon, 
  `` you lived in mexico ? 
  did you ride a donkey to school '', 
  crazy enough , we were living in florida at the time and they had been to spain multiple times, 
  it 's how anyone that speaks any form of `` spanish '' is automatically puerto rican or mexican , but they automatically block out every other country that speaks the language . 
  since they beleive that europe is basically french , italians , germans , and brits . 
  very very mature response , thanks, 
  i am someone who travels and tends to be transfered every couple years to another country . 
  so i have not had much contact with any masons , but i have read up and i would like to get to know the organization and how it plays into my life . 
  understand really how , if and why i should join . 
  as an fyi , i 'm from spain , mid 20s , work in an american multinational corp , and fluent in many languages . 
  thanks in advance if you get to answer !, 
  thanks so much for your response !, 
  can you help me find a lodge in panama city , panama ? 
  thanks again !, 
  who 's the duck ? 
  sorry , im relatively new as a posting user , but very long time lurker ... 
  what do i have to do to add a crest to my name ? 
  fyi , real madrid cf. 
  the 335 is unfortunately a bit more expensive than i plan to spend ... :(, 
  and the m1 is not available here yet ... 
  bavarian ( bmw ) here are a bunch of assholes unfortunately and do n't do trade-ins, 
  could make an awesome , yet very weird porn, 
  hd all the things !, 
  i have never been so emotionally involved with a console game since pokemon b/r . 
  the ending basically destroyed me . 
  i was so pissed . 
  thanks for the reminder !, 
  very nice !, 
  never noticed , but incredibly awesome and sexy mutation !, 
  good to know !, 
  i built my own system about 2-3 years back and still goes relatively awesome with a 4850 gpu , a quad core 3.5 ghz cpu , and 4gb ram as main specs . 
  i want to upgrade to something that will be top line for the next 3 years , but i dont want to leave the old parts just lying around . 
  is there a reseller or someone who guys used components ? 
  do you guys recommend to just go ahead and get a used gameboy advance sp ? 
  it 'll be better for travelling and playing at night while the missus is asleep ... right ? 
  sweet ty for the link !, 
  i read online that i can get batteries , open the case , pop a new one in and ill be good to go . 
  do you know anything about that ? 
  i 'll start ... 
  i wan na be the very best ... 
  sorry i didnt know , dont usually post much :(, 
  this is san blas archipielago in panama . 
  completely managed by the local indian tribe there is basically no modern technology here aside from boat engines to get back and forth from the mainland . 
  this one here is pelican island , about 30mins off shore . 
  would be sweet !, 
  id be happy to buy it from you, 
  a million doggy upvotes to you !, 
  viborg , that spot you mention is bocas del toro panama , its another beautiful archipelago near the costa rican border . 
  i am actually living here in panama on an international assignment and i love going to san blas . 
  next time i go ill take some pictures of the jungle road . 
  fyi , the picture i posted i took myself on my iphone . 
  i got some more i could upload and share as well . 
  no i have n't had the chance to travel to bocas much yet . 
  but i know costa rica and its beautiful country too with amazing beaches and even more astounding volcanoes and jungles . 
  in a couple weeks ill be flying to miami and back , ill take some pictures from the plane of san blas ( always flyes over ) if the is no cloud cover , its really , really nice too from the air . 
  what does it look like from the ground ? 
  this is amazing , must have !, 
  just joined the league !, 
  still with the massive debt from the take over , the team is winning trophies , playing finals , signing fantastic players for below their market price ( a. 
  young was `` cheap '' imho ) . 
  im not a man utd fan , but it sure is becoming entertaining to watch their games . 
  ronaldinho was always a top talent player , but seeing his last year in barcelona , and his time at milan . 
  the only thing this tells me that the brazilian league is not as strong as it used to be in the past . 
  just a couple years ago he was basically bench material in ac milan . 
  the league is competitive yes , but the defensive players that are coming out of their system to their first teams are no where near as strong or talented as european defenders . 
  look at robinho , amazing in brazil making jokes out of defenses , came to europe , and its as if hes a completely different player . 
  also neymar , makes the brazilian league and the libertadores defenses look like a bunch of kids chasing after a ball . 
  but when he has played with brazil against national teams with `` european '' ( players with history in europe ) defenders , hes again finding it very very tough to display his `` jogo bonito '' . 
  ronaldinho was the same , his first few years in psg and barcelona he brought the `` jogo bonito '' to the field , which otherwise was only present in streets and futsal , and was not a major factor in many teams ( at least to the level that he displayed ) . 
  over his career in barcelona , the other teams eventually toughened up their defenses and ronaldinho 's `` magic '' had its decline . 
  i am not sure if that explains my point of view . 
  care to comment ? 
  simon kjaer is by far the best signing by roma ... i cant wait to play manager mode with them fifa 12 now !, 
  thunder ... thunder everywhere !, 
  a few i havent seen yet ... ted is by far one of the most eye opening sites on the net, 
  should be completely banned and a cardable offense , and with more serious offenses if its on going . 
  even though its been `` illegal '' in brazil , players like neymar and the likes have been doing the paradinha but slower rather than full stop to get away with it . 
  that is the creepiest writing on foreheads i have ever seen !, 
  easy ... why do air ducts connect rooms , but not to air control systems ? 
  i have a friend who is operations manager in a 1500 room hotel that will be opening soon in panama city and they are looking for people . 
  send me a pm and ill give you the contact . 
  it cant be that hard , my brother came to visit and he got some in literally within 5 hours of landing ... 
  without ever being here before or knowing anyone, 
  and so said the whisky after 5 glasses ... 
  sir ferguson is a great , if not amazing manager , but has no idea that the global reach of the madrid-barca trumps out man-liv . 
  wow someone read my post !, 
  that 's so cool !, 
  either way , we were n't arguing on the popularity of the teams on a global scale , since the reach of man u in asia is much stronger than other clubs mainly due to the tv contracts ( ensuring matches played during decent hours in asia ) , but english influence historically in asia . 
  also since you want to talk about latin america , the top teams followed in la ( after local league teams ) are real madrid and barcelona . 
  lately more mexicans watch man u matches because of chicharito , but not because they are long time supporters of man u.
