  stop posting photographs of your living rooms !, 
  this is not going to happen . 
  it is illegal in the spanish constitution , the catalan politicians that are pushing this through are likely to be taken off their posts and arrested before this takes places . 
  artur mas has been warned multiple times . 
  they take the warnings from the eu and nato and brush them off saying that it wo n't happen because we all `` need '' barcelona . 
  many multinational companies based in barcelona have stated that they will leave and move to madrid . 
  catalu\u00f1a would be kicked out of the eu , nato , and many other treaties and organizations . 
  in the mean time to get as many `` yes '' voters as possible , they have been making as many promises as they can imagine . 
  including allowing islamic schools to only teach in arabic in an attempt to get the favor of 300,000 muslim immigrants . 
  this is causing too much trouble and the process will undoubtedly end with prison sentences and further reduced autonomy for catalu\u00f1a if they pressure to go through with this . 
  more stupid waste of time and money independence campaigns in a europe that needs to become more and more unified . 
  clearly you have no idea what you are saying . 
  i would explain , but clearly it wo n't go through your thick skull . 
  if they want to vote that 's fine . 
  but the whole country should vote as well as it also affects them . 
  thank you . 
  now i want one . 
  thank you for adding good insight as to why it is considered illegal and why the central powers keep pushing that it will not be allowed to take place as it is unconstitutional . 
  the basque country in the 90s attempted to change the constitution to allow for referendums and it failed . 
  if the catalan parties attempted the same today it would likely fail again . 
  how about this is more objective with less sensationalism ? 
  why not post the net transfer value ? 
  what about the economic expansion , the removal of the ultras , or even the new stadium ? 
  no it 's all about how much an institution spends regardless of their strong economic status and even stronger revenue stream . 
  it 's too easy to sensationalize with no actual insight into the financials and the structure of the club or organization . 
  i could say the same about any other team and also in other sports , but still it is all too focused on the spend for certain club assets . 
  no one in madrid cares what has paid for cr7 or bale or kaka , the players are worth what anyone is willing for pay for them as they are investments to drive results both on and off the field . 
  unfortunately too many `` psedo-journalists '' have n't got the slightest clue of how most of these institutions work and how a basic p&l and b/s and working capital works . 
  very sad , anything to sell more papers rather than to inform . 
  if i said that google or apple or any other company invested a large amount of millions of money into a factory , software , or marketing campaign no one bats an eye ( only wall street ) , but if a football club invests money into these player assets everyone just talks about it . 
  sometimes i wish all clubs were publicly held companies trading in the stock exchange so that all financials would be disclosed and people saw these signing for what they are : investments to continue propelling the results and top/bottom like of the institution further . 
  pc master race checking in, 
  did anyone else see the interview to saudi arabia 's richest man ( nephew to the king and ceo of kingdom holdings ) . 
  he is asked by the cnn journalist if saudi arabia would be willing to put troops on the ground to attack daesh head on . 
  he replied that sa would never do so because daesh is not a direct threat to sa and it is not their problem . 
  considering that daesh is just a couple hundred of kilometres from their borders , this makes no sense . 
  sa has funded other organizations that are now part of daesh , and additionally , if they get close to their borders it could cause unrest within the country . 
  in the meantime the eu and us are going through a media nightmare of the threat of fighters returning to their home nations and could cause either unrest or attacks . 
  if saudi , being right there , does n't consider them a threat , should we not at least tone down the message a bit ? 
  it 's nor turning into fearmongering and general psicosis . 
  so much spanish . 
  i like it . 
  my taxes, 
  thank you brother !, 
  i was thinking i should upgrade the cpu . 
  any recommendations on the cpu and ram if i were to upgrade ? 
  thanks !, 
  wow very similar set up !!, 
  this was a surprise !, 
  could it be the ram ? 
  holy mother of gaben !, 
  even stranger !, 
  hi guys im a 520 lock , is this good enough for a ny 10 man garrosh kill ? 
  i am us-sargeras nukacola # 2327, 
  thanks !, 
  hi ju have just added you !, 
  i am alliance lock sent you a pm !, 
  i am also in sargeras-us and would definitely be interested . 
  i 've added you already nukacola # 2327, 
  callejon and arteta, 
  am i the only one who recognized the `` terminus guy '' that tyrese killed with this group of cannibals ? 
  or was it just another guy wearing the same hat ? 
  i thought that tyrese had killed him , at least he made the impression that he did . 
  negan just takes whoever he wants because , well , hes negan . 
  ok good !, 
  that bastard should be dead . 
  i want to see tyrese tear his throat out . 
  live in uk , they dont play it here . 
  i used to go to a little cafe in the north end called cafe dello sport on hanover st just past mike 's pastry on the corner . 
  good food ( all dishes have italian footballer names ) and always fills up for the clasico . 
  i watched it every time here for years . 
  10/10 would buy, 
  just wait for valencia to finish settling into the big bucks crowd for a top 4 fight that will be consistent . 
  additionally when the new tv rights split takes place it will be massive for sides like sevilla , athletic , malaga , espanyol , etc, 
  so far about 3 years and still no hurricane has hit the area either . 
  i would try that as well , but now i cant seem to get past the post as the pc shuts off and goes into its restarting loop . 
  i have done this to try a pull discharge and it did not work either . 
  i am at a loss at what could be going on . 
  yet somehow manages to miss lisbon and madrid completely , yet it hits almost every other major eu capital . 
  i 'm sure the iberians would love to fund this . 
  that 's the one move that makes sense because of the yearly pilgrimage . 
  but , i find it hard to believe it would n't include a route from either bilbao or barcelona through madrid to lisbon . 
  it 's the second largest country in the eu by size after france . 
  it would surely require a path across it . 
  as an update i pulled everything out and tested the mb on its cardboard box to ensure it isnt the case shorting it either . 
  and nothing . 
  i have rma 'd it back to amazon whoa re sending a like for like replacement by tomorrow . 
  i will test with this new one and confirm if it was the mb . 
  can anyone please explain the blissey and potions link and how this works ? 
  anyone have a 1440p version ? 
  in middle school we were not allowed to play in the playground , sports , or even read . 
  we were left outside to `` socialize and grow up '' . 
  usually ended up with kids beating the hell out of each other in the playground , the bathrooms , and everywhere . 
  heck , we were n't even allowed to read or do anything . 
  so everyone hated it . 
  this was from 6-8th grade . 
  no one ? 
  dammit , my company ( i live in uk ) is looking to move me soon and us is top option . 
  i might just tell them to forget it and send me to sweden !, 
  also 16-18 year olds and all registered immigrants are permitted to vote as well .
