  it was just like riiiiight ... 
  seconded for truth, 
  buy the bread , toast it , rub fresh cut tomatoes on it and add salt , pepper and police * edit : olive * oil . 
  this makes it similar to pan tumaca . 
  lastly add a responsible ( yes responsible , never too little , and no need to exaggerate ) amount of jam\u00f3n serrano or ib\u00e9rico . 
  feel free to toast a little bit more to have some of the jamon 's fat melt in to the bread . 
  enjoy with a ca\u00f1a . 
  lol damn autocorrect !, 
  always called it pan tumaca at home and so did my family from girona . 
  clearly i do n't speak much catalan ... but yes you are correct . 
  delicioso, 
  an article of pure shit . 
  first they claim that it 's decisive decisions , and in the last phrase they mention that not all decisions made a difference . 
  again , it 's subjective whether or not they were arbitral errors or not . 
  you would never see sport run this about errors in favor or barcelona , as much as you do n't see marca doing it for madrid . 
  kiki casilla is also a youth player that led to espanyol and casemiro is arguably a youth player , but did play for us at both youth and first team . 
  i do know he considers himself a canterano . 
  turkish shar peis ... nice, 
  the one with the dragons ? 
  i have that one with sr4 on it, 
  honestly , wish i managed to get hold of the red . 
  when i see robben on the title , do n't even have to open the replay to know he cut inside and shot . 
  le-cut-inside-man is real . 
  surprised that valencia has not approached yet to take over again . 
  yes , such a shame he moved to madrid . 
  to win two champions league , two super cups , a copa del rey , and two cwcs . 
  he 's amazing , but does n't deserve to start over modric or kross . 
  i do wish that we played a 4-4-2 to fit him or james in the mid and play cr7 and bale . 
  more and more i think benzema is so inconsistent that we do n't need a pure 9 . 
  it 's ok , if a radioactive brick hits the baby , he will grow up to be brickman . 
  it 's ok , we are tanking anyways right ? 
  i would happily sit benzema to have him play . 
  go with a 4-5-1 with cr7 as 9 and mid with case-modric-kross-bale-isco, 
  one of my all time favorites . 
  he will probably return to real sociedad to work with the team , but he would be amazon working on zidane 's technical team . 
  he 's worked under all the best coaches in the last 2 decades . 
  clear view of the ref watching the area . 
  if they ca n't see this and the two barcelona penalties what the hell do we have them for ? 
  we need technology in the pitches already and a team viewing all the camera angles and communicating with the ref . 
  if players knew this was happening they would n't dive , waste less time , and stop pressuring the ref for a decision . 
  where ? 
  every store in a 90 mile radius seems to be out, 
  honestly , i was expecting dickbutt at the end . 
  impossible to find anything thus far ... such shame, 
  i have the black dragons ramos jersey, 
  on top of this , the team literally does not know how to function without kaka . 
  looks at the games last season when he was out injured , we lost most of them , and there was such an obvious lack of movement from the back to the strikers . 
  so once the ball was recovered it was smashed up to larin . 
  when kaka is n't there , there is a gaping hole in the cam position . 
  and when kaka leaves , his top quality replacement must be in the same position to make up for this . 
  whiteflash was awesome for us, 
  i would prefer monaco or bayern, 
  we 're a small business and do zero adwords ... would love some guidance and basic setup !, 
  pm if interested, 
  i wish there was something in the dr philips area to try for the first time . 
  i wish orlando actually had places to play . 
  so far and off in between might as well give up, 
  love it , but dog looks like he 's a member of the icp, 
  i have a gtx1080 with a 7700 and i seem to barely hit the 60 mark with the nvidia optimized settings . 
  what could be going wrong here ? 
  do you mind sharing your settings to get that fps ? 
  thanks ,, 
  jrr, 
  exactly it is very wrong , as phillip ii ruled over the americas and the european empire ( portugal , netherlands , lux , southern italy , austria , etc ), 
  i watch them at home . 
  there are n't many places to watch , he 'll play them at some bars , but not a real fan place . 
  no annoying barca fanboys allowed . 
  i would love to start a pe\u00f1a for central florida . 
  but wo n't allow me because i am not a `` registered member '' , which you know , are n't allowed anymore , only children of current members are allowed . 
  i wish my father kept the membership after my grandfather passed . 
  no one has a problem with fans of other teams , were a bandwagon city . 
  when any big team comes to town , they might as well be playing at home . 
  this includes miami . 
  just please do n't be a dough when cheering for your team . 
  vs the knicks i had an asshole behind me screaming all sorts of bs in my ear . 
  when i asked him towards the end to please stand up or stop yelling at my head he flipped a shit on me . 
  loads of assholes on a game that did n't matter for either team but i 'm sure you 're fine . 
  i love that based on this there is n't a `` dark side of the moon '' as many were lead to believe . 
  the moon rotates just like us . 
  fantastic midfielder , but not the best ... cough cough modric . 
  lol damn auto correct . 
  fixed now, 
  nope !, 
  chuck testa !, 
  this is true , because when they come to madrid , the clubs marketing experts squeeze so much out of their image rights that it 's a massive win-win for everyone . 
  many of the players make a lot more money off these rights than their salary . 
  it 's the chavismo model , get to power , change the rules , stay for life and ruin the economy while enriching your friends and family . 
  people starve , arm criminals , and close any media outlets that do n't agree with you . 
  following a similar process though . 
  same happened in bolivia and ecuador , argentina was going down the same path . 
  wish you all the best and stay safe out there !, 
  will anything carry over into d2 ? 
  great so at least there some sort of continuity . 
  i get the gear , but hopefully it 's not a start form lvl 1 again, 
  mine has very similar specs and i do n't get anything near that . 
  yes , happy to do so absolutely . 
  will try to share some later this week . 
  so love can only be homo ? 
  at first he was he worst of the three . 
  gago with injuries and such .
