  done !, 
  added !, 
  added thanks !, 
  added !, 
  dont forget to add too !, 
  addind you too !, 
  added too !, 
  thnks !, 
  adding you too can you add as well ? 
  adding !, 
  added, 
  added, 
  i got a bad set apparently :( thanks so much !, 
  looks fantastic loved this ram !, 
  all done . 
  i was reading that madrid is looking to bring pirlo this summer ( apparently free of contract ) so that between xabi and pirlo they support illarramendi to become the best of each of them . 
  when i saw this during the match i just said to myself : `` oh shit , shitstorm incoming '' . 
  regardless of `` repositioning '' or gesturing it is not going to be good for him considering the shitty press we have . 
  coentrao is worth a hell of a lot more than 12million . 
  if these days everyone asks 30million minimum for any so-so defender . 
  if we are really dropping coentrao off , i think its to bring alberto moreno in and have him train under marcelo and pick up experience in madrid . 
  this would be the only acceptable outcome for coentrao leaving in my opinion . 
  switch for di maria like for like ? 
  latest news is that xabi has agreed for 2 more years for 6 million each . 
  i dont see anything wrong if pirlo comes to round off illarra 's education . 
  the club has invested a lot in illarra and hope he is the future of the squad , just like jese , casemiro , morata nacho , and varane . 
  where do you buy this ? 
  i did not notice this one in the upgrades menu, 
  lupita by embankment is my personal favorite . 
  i lived in mexico for 6 years and this is the only one i 've tried that i can stand by !, 
  makoto by turnham green been coming here 2 years now !, 
  my favorite authentic . 
  pumba is that you ? 
  how do they consider `` home grown '' in this table ? 
  i cant count a barcelona average of 7 at all . 
  the actual performance here : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=leam42f1ebi, 
  am i missing a hidden joke here ? 
  never gon na give you up, 
  itturraspe should 've been sent off , galloped 20 yards to go in for a headbutt and look for a response . 
  they mentioned that the stadium if good for use during the home matches . 
  sounds like most of the construction will be taking place during the summers and breaks . 
  thank you !, 
  i will be travelling for the next week and a half so i would not want to jump in half way and ruin it . 
  i started a single player last night with castille . 
  vassaled navarra and integrated , personal unison with aragon , naples , portugal . 
  kicked granada 's butt , and started colonizing africa . 
  not too shabby a start for this run . 
  dumb question ... 
  how can i check what other rulers are within the same dynasty ? 
  just for insight ( i have a '13 r60 ) any major changes anywhere in the vehicle ? 
  thanks !, 
  so even if i had never been at war with them it can bug in if i touch any of the start date options ? 
  i guess best case would be to restart again just basic 1444 start date ? 
  i will try this tonight as last night 's start was extremely frustrating . 
  i will do so now !, 
  thank you !, 
  i guess if you really want a massive challenging game you should mess with the dates . 
  i 've seen both and glossy looks a lot more vivid and colorful, 
  maybe about # 400 max ( considering i might be able to sell each of my current monitors for about # 100 i guess i could play with the price a bit ), 
  3 . one pixel will hardly be noticeable , but the better coverage the better . 
  thanks so much for your insight ... 
  i 've seen a lot of reviews that basically say that i should instead get the dell uh2713hm above anything else . 
  do you have any of these that you would recommend above the rest ? 
  ps : really like the look and feel of the achieva shimian qh2700-ipsms edge eco 27 '', 
  thanks !, 
  so far absolutely amazing , i wish i had done this so much earlier . 
  i picked up an [ achieva simian ] ( http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/achieva-shimian-qh2700-ipsms-dp-thunderbolt-edge-27-2560x1440-hdmi-led-monitor-/130950994656?pt=uk_computing_computercomponents_monitors&amp;hash=item1e7d499ae0 ) and i absolutely love it . 
  no dead pixels and no bleeding . 
  shipping was about 3 working days . 
  worth every single penny . 
  no overclocking yet . 
  i dont have a gtx780ti so i dont want to overburn my currect gpu 7950hd to overclock the monitor at this time . 
  that is an absolute shame i am sorry to hear that !, 
  so far ive tried diablo 3 , starcraft , wow , europea universalis iv , civ v , cs : go , and a few others with no issues at all ultra settings . 
  i will test a few higher graphical games ( skyrim , bf4 , etc ) and get back to you on it, 
  if you are in london i have 2 perfectly fine 1080p monitors you can borrow in the meantime . 
  a little exxagerated in my opinion ... launching skyrim now ... feedback incoming, 
  just ran skyrim with lots of graphical mods , assassins creed iv , bioshock infinite , and all of them look fantastic in 1440p and ran them all on ultra no problem ... 
  no running any fps counter so cant confirm if its 60fps + but sure as hell looks fantastic and pretty sure most of the time it was over 60fps . 
  / salute, 
  mine arrived perfectly . 
  no dead pixels no nothing . 
  i recommend this site to confirm/check/fix any issues : http://www.flexcode.org/lcd2.html, 
  i liked above who i purchased from and i am extremely happy with my display , now i wish i had done it sooner . 
  i lived in boston many years , and my sister is still there so i got plenty of couches now !, 
  cheers !, 
  ps : go red sox, 
  oh before i forget again and again ... http://steamcommunity.com/id/dj_xaval/screenshots/, 
  screenshots of the games in 1440p, 
  running in a straight line is dribbling now ? 
  pulled hamstring or muscular injury for sure, 
  watched from the uk via fox.com ( using fantastic hola !, 
  chrome addon ), 
  the plane was blown up by the chinese government in an effort to kill a single individual that has pissed off all the wrong people in power of the communist party . 
  all the other dead are collateral damage . 
  i am pretty sure whoever made that girl do that was absolutely insane . 
  i would straight up refuse to do what she is doing as its a massive injury risk . 
  lol i have a physio literally across my front door . 
  i found a place in twickenham called crossfit blitz ... anyone go here or has been here ? 
  any feedback ?
