  in southern spain . 
  picha pronounced `` pischa '' by adalucians , is used as a form of dude or bro . 
  no need to go so far . 
  i would let them know that i used the tv for the playstation and the computer for work/games . 
  that i do n't watch tv or radio . 
  got a great waiver that was to be renewed in 5 years . 
  no issue there . 
  some people are just too paranoid about the `` listening vans '' . 
  i thought barcelona was mes que un club and didnt sign players , and players stayed for the love of the club and not the most expensive salaries in the sport ... what happened ? 
  man , marcelo was absolute trash his first 3-4 years at madrid and there was a waiting list to kick him off elsewhere . 
  he only exploded under mourinho who released him from defensive duties and let him go forward and be creative , eventually consolidating under ancelotti . 
  gago was the top talent which through injuries fell so far behind he went to italy and then returned to argentina . 
  higuain was a game changer from day 1 because he was so dedicated to the team . 
  do n't forget those goals against osasuna and espanyol to win us the league that year . 
  cuevas has been worse than absolute garbage for the last year . 
  we want lucas the youngster ... future star right there . 
  it is worth nothing that by law in brazil the clubs announce a few fair bits of information during the match : attendance , gross ticket income and post tax gross income . 
  this has to be announced to everyone there . 
  at the morumbi it is shown at the led screens at the stadium . 
  source : been there seen that , loads of family there too who explained it to me during a game two months ago . 
  did he already play for senegal nt or can spain still call him up ? 
  wow , tho guy milan or valencia would go for him . 
  shame he was amazing at sevilla . 
  congrats wba for the signing !, 
  it does n't matter , the club will put him in catalan classes . 
  the team enforces all things catalonian before anything spanish . 
  thierry henry once said that he was surprised he was n't taught spanish , so he hired his own teacher externally to learn the language that the players actually used . 
  messi is the worst example . 
  having lived most of his life in spain and his accent did n't change one bit . 
  he barely interacts with anyone outside his family , and thus kept a strong argentine accent . 
  he is the worst example . 
  here is another link which identifies how barca includes into their player contracts that they must `` integrate '' by learning the catalan language . 
  they did the same for hebert in the day and with suarez and all other players . 
  whether or not the players learn it because it 's useful or useless tot hem it 's irrelevant . 
  the club gives them the tools and pressure to do so because it furthers the political atmosphere in the region to say that their foreign players `` learn '' catalan over spanish . 
  it is obviously not a priority for the players or their families . 
  how brainwashed are you seriously ? 
  the club made catalan the official language of the club due to the political pressure put in during the laporta era , as a strong independence supporter he ensured that fcb was an international face of the independence movement . 
  so ensuring that catalan was the language of the club and that it was enforced was critical . 
  and of course it is political . 
  if it was n't during the last decade the regional government would n't have made catalan mandatory in all schools and reduce castellano to a `` second language '' as it is english or french for students in school . 
  it would n't enforce all institutions to utilize catalan as the main language and castellano only when needed . 
  it would n't force businesses to have catalan and castellano options or they would be fined . 
  i have lots of family in catalunya and i lived in barcelona too . 
  i get it and understand it and support that people should speak the language they want , but do n't be blind that the forced expansion of the language is n't political . 
  it 's one of the main weapons of the pro-independice movement to differentiate themselves from spain . 
  `` donald trump 's constitutional amendments has been ratified and is now effective . '', 
  took a flight form la into orlando yesterday . 
  mostly empty about 30 people on the flight . 
  i got three seats to myself , flight on one screen , the weather channel on another , and the movie in the middle . 
  everyone got extra snacks and full drinks . 
  wish all flights were like that . 
  drnphilips , no spectrum up yet , but my neighbor with centurylink , never lost it . 
  was that fm legend john c\u00f3rdoba ? 
  we could get him the same way we did with another rm legend : an nistelrooy . 
  bring him cheap , plays for 2-3 years and blasts in a ton of goals . 
  it 's important to be able to change our attacking dynamics when we 're stuck . 
  which is why llorente would 've been a decent bench signing . 
  the system ai n't working ? 
  the opposition is too closed down ? 
  here 's a giant to stand in he middle and try to head in the balls . 
  with lewandowski it is the same thing , changes the dynamics and make sus harder to defend against . 
  this is why the team always does great when we rotate to the `` spaniards '' , because as a group they play very vertical and very fast , leaving other teams unsure of who to cover or where they are coming from . 
  yes , it was removed by the mods . 
  this person was not a veteran , i asked them when they returned to their vehicle . 
  being a veteran still does n't excuse them from parking like an asshole in two spots in their range rover . 
  now imagine that you were a veteran , and you wanted to park in a spot that home depot specifically has reserved for them . 
  well , they cant park there since this guy decided he is more special than anyone else . 
  a veteran who was there called him out on it as well since he was n't able to park in that location . 
  hopefully being an internet butt hurt defender of the parking space makes you feel better as well . 
  do we need to find out a safe parking space to find an excuse for everything ? 
  being an asshole parking in two spots , especially taking a veteran parking spot does n't excuse their behavior . 
  home depot millenia at 7pm, 
  glad to see that im not the only one trying to suicide all the time to no use . 
  i guess shroud will be the new ability to be taken along on adventure . 
  seriously should be an easy fix from blizz . 
  to have you not be in combat when you are not in combat ... 
  i would hope so ... unless there are real ghosts attacking you to keep you in combat . 
  quick story ,, 
  i own a 2004 bmw 645ci e63 . 
  ive had her for about a year and a half and i love her , but shes always had little things here and there ( wheels ripped , etc ) . 
  so i decided to sell her and get a the new mini countryman 4s or a 330i . 
  first deal going awesome ready for delivery ... and the day before i have to deliver two assholes decide to stick their screwdrivers all over it . 
  having to go into a full new paintjob and the buyer backing off for good . 
  so a few months go by , and today i get a great offer and go to have them check it out so then i can get paid and deliver it on monday . 
  everything goes great , they match my wanted price etc. 
  as i pull out of the parking a small thin basically invisible post ( about 2 feet tall , appears out of nowhere and i ram into it on the front right side !, 
  it is extremely embarrassing , i 've never even had any sort of car damage in my life , and now its again potential huge price for fixes and the deal basically off ... 
  i am starting to believe that now my beloved car is a curse and refuses to leave me no matter what !, 
  ideas , thoughts ? 
  would go in f7u12 , but i suck at drawing and rage comics . 
  tl ; dr : every time i try to sell something happens to it out of my control , the car must be cursed or something . 
  hi all ,, 
  i have an iphone 4 on 4.3.5 . 
  everything was working fine until last night it ran out of battery ( which is very rare since i always keep it over 60 % ) . 
  anyhow , i charged it over night ( stuck at apple logo all night ) , and tried to connect it to a computer to attempt to fix it . 
  the problem is that none of my computers ( 2 w7 and 1 macosx 10.6 ) recognizes the plugged in iphone . 
  also it will not go into dfu or recovery mode , at least it doesnt seem to since the computers wont recognize it . 
  i do n't get the usual noises when usbs go on , no errors , no drivers install , nothing at all . 
  not even iphoto or itunes open .
