  yes , check my comment below mate, 
  it 's a wonder anyone goes anyways ... most of the fans you will see will be season ticket holders ( except at the big clubs with lots of tourists in their cities ), 
  much better than celtic , and rangers arent even in top division !, 
  8 teams , 1 octagon , 1 ball . 
  if you get scored 3 you are out . 
  last standing wins . 
  release the beasts !, 
  yes , dammit , got excited by the circle-jerk i guess . 
  one of the longer less sarcastic ones . 
  chelsea season tickets : good luck even getting on the waiting list . 
  real madrid , not allowed unless your grandfather brings you in ( i know i 've tried . 
  my family has been tied to the team almost since founding , and always members . 
  when we left spain for my dad 's work , we stopped , and now there is nothing i can do to get it back :( ) . 
  lol !, 
  it is a blood support you could say , but i also played in barcelona youth when i was younger . 
  i try to be as objective as possible  . 
  thanks for adding , and you are absolutely correct , 100 % is great but not perfect profitability , but 100 % also means that you have the demand to be able to maintain a brand and support stronger for longer . 
  i 'm sure lots of people outside the stadium sell their tickets for inflated prices . 
  italy from watching matches in tv can only be depressing for a lot of players . 
  going to stadiums that are mostly empty does n't exactly make you feel like a star either . 
  also all of the infrastructure for the world cup was done in the late 80s !, 
  hopefully both ac milan and inter build themselves new modern stadiums , and the rest of the serie a gets some support to do so as well . 
  in london i 've found a lot of st holders `` sell '' their seat for matches they dont want/cant make , at ridiculous inflated prices . 
  season tickets always pay off , if you can commit going to every match !, 
  waiting lists suck !, 
  i completely understand why fans of northern based pl teams are so pissed off when they come play in london , arsenal , chelsea , tottenham all charge absurd prices , even higher for visiting fans . 
  i 've been surprised by how well maintained and modern some stadiums in the uk are . 
  but by experience , it will nto hurt the bank to add a few roof heaters to keep the spectators from freezing to death !, 
  i 'm looking at you wembley , stamford bridge , emirates !, 
  thanks for the insight !, 
  regardless paying $ 70 as a max for most games at bayern is pretty darn cheap in comparison to the london based clubs . 
  a pretty crap ticket costs # 40-60 , already out pricing top paying german fans at the allianz arena . 
  same thing with madrid and barcelona . 
  i 've been to matches at arsenal and chelsea where someone you pacted a price with for the seats will meet you before the match , exchange cash and cards . 
  pass turnstiles and they take you to the seat , then take the cards back . 
  it 's basically a full industry on twitter . 
  went to one in cobham last year that was awesome . 
  multiple locations and games as well . 
  was well priced . 
  when i find the link ill post it . 
  yes !, 
  awesome location highly recommended . 
  my girlfriend had exactly the same problem . 
  good thing they included theon in the episode as well . 
  lupita is the best to my test ( i 'm part mexican ) and i love the place !, 
  why not contact the whisky museum in edinburgh see if they would be interested in acquiring it ? 
  tried to read it first , then dyslexia, 
  captain , we have contact . 
  guillem still doesnt say anything new . 
  just what everyone already knew . 
  where is it official ? 
  real madrid still havent announced anything . 
  the press conference is in half an hour , and it might just be to call for elections . 
  i wouldnt agree . 
  diego lopez left real madrid for villareal in 2007 after coming through the youth ranks , and then being the first choice keeper for pellegrini . 
  even with potential offers from milan , man utd , and others he preferred to stay in spain and reject any transfer . 
  last summer he moved to sevilla to replace palop , who was a pain to say the least , and did not obtain much continuity from michel , thus sold to real madrid as sevilla did not know what to do after michel 's sacking . 
  mourinho deserves full credit , as he said he tried to bring him in 2011 and the club did not allow it with adan already as back up . 
  either way mourinho deserves credit for the development of both within the team, 
  joe thanks for the very in-depth analysis , it was highly useful . 
  i will be sure to copy people into this if they ever try to play smartass criticing or applauding wrong details . 
  no unfortunately its been quite some time :(, 
  they should remove passes between defenders and keepers, 
  as an update no one found it ... me neither so far . 
  even though it looks like / u/babyimbadnews found the gallery i saw it at . 
  i will call them and see what i can find . 
  thank you !, 
  sorry mate but that 's wrong ... 
  the numbers coming from spain mention $ 25-28m for santos 55 % a following $ 40m for the other owners putting his total price at $ 65-68m not counting the $ 10m already paid last year to neymar 's father . 
  now they will have 100 % of his rights . 
  also making him barcelona 's second most expensive signing ever after ibrahimovic and their most expensive cash only signing ( because ibra 's included eto'o ) . 
  worth noting he plans to retire after he finishes with the seleccion . 
  he has no plans to work at real madrid or anywhere else . 
  i remember when beckham signed for madrid , i was young and stupid and i rushed to get a beckham `` 9 '' shirt , because i wanted him to take morientes ' number . 
  luckily i traded that away to an italian for a signed nesta jersey . 
  a million times yes ... anyone know where we could get that , or how to remove the bwin logo ? 
  crashes on large and huge maps when creating . 
  with no mods very annoying . 
  sorry mate typo ... hd7970, 
  actually , i deleted all mods and saved files from the actual directory and i was able to load up a huge map . 
  yes typo im sorry , no way to edit it now ... 
  with jese and others growing in castilla , there is a lot of talent incoming as well !, 
  same goes for any team really . 
  barcelona has a lot of talent in the masia as well with deufoleu , sergi roberto , tello , etc. 
  but looks like they are going to start selling with buy back clauses as well . 
  was not available in english at the time of posting ... , 
  again , not going to get into a huge argument on whether its really an `` all-masia '' team . 
  considering that pique , fabregas , alba , all returned to the team after leaving for years to play elsewhere . 
  i never suggested that barca do not utilize their talent at all . 
  latest reports from spain mention that a lot of players between the b and the main team are being set up to be sold with buy back clauses . 
  also some of the players ( tello , montoya , etc. ), 
  are looking to leave because of the amount of competition for a spot in the team . 
  this year barca are going to have to spend heavily in signings ( gk , cb , rb , cf ) to maintain a strong team with the injuries and lack of depth in some positions . 
  yes, 
  i think i have a copy of g&k s for gifting , interested ? 
  so did schumacher and look how that turned out ... retired only to come back and be very average f1 driver ... 
  jese is is going to be an absolute beast ... needs first team play desperately . 
  nothing to see here ... arsene ... 
  rosberg is quite average if you compare him to hamilton , alonso , vettel , perez . 
  the pictures of the internal parts of the house seem incredibly basic .
