  we need to start giving him the same freedom as we give cr7 to take the shots when he sees fit . 
  he clearly can do it day in and day out . 
  he continuously does this why is it such a surprise ? 
  this seems to be quite common in barca players for as long as i can remember . 
  yesterday suarez as the commentators said : `` spends more time on the ground rolling , than on his feet playing . '', 
  hes taller than i expected !, 
  already looks like hes turning into his own ... a bit more spanish lessons and hell be flying !, 
  you are absolutely correct . 
  i apologize for my mistake . 
  for a solid 30 mins , we were much faster and carried on . 
  the elderly lady next to me was n't very happy at that that recommendation . 
  thats absolutely correct . 
  i did see 2-3 other jetliners go past in opposite direction . 
  but first time seeing this in flight so clearly and it was a breathtaking sight . 
  glad to see that despite being a c *** yesterday hes still honest about what happened . 
  good way to shut the damn crap spanish press where it stands . 
  beinsports doesnt offer online streaming ? 
  is this where i post ? 
  future leaders and teen moms what an embarrasment, 
  i really hope that we pay that clause so that he can stay . 
  he represents our values and deserves to stay . 
  i hope ancelotti and florentino see that as well . 
  add on top the mexican marketing benefits and its a win-win situation . 
  he deserves to stay hands down . 
  the best loan we 've ever had . 
  since i tried long sleeve i do n't want to go back even in summer . 
  seriously the comfort is quite different . 
  unfortunately the black and pink are only available in short sleeve . 
  hi , can you pm your resume ? 
  what kind of company would you like to work for ? 
  i 've always loved ashenvale since my 2004 vanilla days i do n't know why . 
  it always felt so critical to the horde/alliance conflict and yet so beautiful . 
  thanks guys !, 
  i am jumping on my plane . 
  i 'll answer each individually when i arrive . 
  thanks !, 
  once cristiano and messi move on new players will be judged in their comparison and it will be insane . 
  their competition complements each other and it 's fantastic that our generation is having the chance to see probably two of the best ever play every week in arguably the two best teams in the world . 
  it 's amazing and i do n't want it to ever end . 
  and / r/arsenal it 's plagued with gunners, 
  one of the dirtiest players in spain . 
  cholo always brings him on when he needs to dish out some extra dirtiness . 
  if we consider cheats as dirty we can throw in the best cheating divers in the game : busquets and muller, 
  when you are a great player it doesnt matter where you go , you will always be great . 
  queue in raul , figo , ronaldinho , drogba , yaya toure , etc. 
  i feel to be considered a great player you need to be able to do so in more than one place . 
  apparently lampard cant compare vs keane/giggs/rooney / beckham in the all time 11 for england ? 
  worst thing half the idiots on twitter will retweet and share incorrect information and believe it . 
  this is n't a bad deal actually . 
  i dont see why not . 
  i 'm sure van gaal can work miracles right ? 
  fully agree this story has no actual factors to be believed whatsoever, 
  until there is confirmation of iker leaving nothing will happen . 
  notice how first all the papers confirmed de gea , then they announced that iker is define you staying , and suddenly de gea is staying put for another year . 
  everyone is trying to cover their backs for misinformation . 
  nothing is going to happen until iker decides what he wants to do . 
  i just got to this and just immediately went `` oh snap !, 
  like a rabbit ! '', 
  it 's disappointing that a string of injuries kept us from losing both the cl and la liga and i really hope that this is all bs . 
  best surprise would be that the meeting tomorrow is actually to sign an extension . 
  thanks everyone for the clarification and apologies for being naive , this is not something that i was clear on . 
  thanks !, 
  i was n't even aware that he was still around , since he left liverpool he kinda disappeared for me . 
  i just moved here too a couple weeks ago from london . 
  send me a pm, 
  this subject is relevant to my interests . 
  i am saving this !, 
  here here, 
  i hope its to announce that ancelotti is staying . 
  i just read an interview in italy that ancelotti that he has done where he mentions that he needs to get neck surgery in canada asap and that it would require recovery time . 
  which is why he mentions that he will need to take a year off any coaching to be able to do so . 
  so it could be possible that he might leave on his own terms and maybe zidane replaces him . 
  hi just moved to the area and need some furniture . 
  do you have some pictures and prices ? 
  this would be fantastic !, 
  monchi is really capable , very smart , and well liked across the board . 
  he is also very talented in negotiating the best deals and also find talent where others are n't looking . 
  sevilla 's success is no coincidence to this man managing the planning and signings . 
  edit : mom hi for monchi, 
  this is a big mistake . 
  shame that he 's only going to be remembered by the end of a season . 
  deserved to stay longer and compete . 
  i would be surprised if there is n't now an offensive to sign falcao as it would be to the content of james and cristiano . 
  also a big marking coup . 
  i am positive that this movement of subbing for ronaldo was to give martin the support he needed and show him that he is important for the club . 
  ronaldo never gets subbed , and to do so for odegaard is to give him the signal of what his future in club might be . 
  my understanding is that florentino wanted to keep carlo . 
  but there were separate things affecting this :, 
  - the board was frustrated by lack of the utilization of the squad depth during the year, 
  - jes\u00e9 the future star relegated to a trash minutes role and illarra and lucas silva basically unused most of the season, 
  - string of similar muscular injuries of the players in the most important part of the season . 
  - inability to dominate barcelona and atletico this season, 
  - the shalke home game disaster, 
  - casillas not being phased out for keylor despite obvious gaps in performance, 
  - the players seeing carlo more like a friend than their boss . 
  this can create dissent in the dressing room as it did towards the end of the del bosque era . 
  - adding on top that the board did not like the much `` softer '' season bale had in comparison to last year, 
  - not sticking to the more effective 4-4-2 and going with 4-3-2-1 when it was ineffective against the big teams, 
  this is my understanding of what the board was thinking about on cons of the last year and also the medical urgency that carlo had presented in requiring surgery in canada with a longer recovery period . 
  the board would not be able to see a well planned out season and preparation is he was busy with a medical priority .
