  remember that fsf is critically tied to how the liver processes protein , and high amounts can cause fsf attacks . 
  when he gets an fsf attack the most important thing is to keep the fever low and get lots of rest . 
  he will not want to eat or drink , so any water that he will drink is important . 
  fsf is different in every dog . 
  mine has his cheeks swell and starts drooling . 
  its clearly painful for him , so we try to keep him relaxed and cool . 
  a vet will usually administer anti-swelling medication as well as for the fever . 
  but remember this is mostly affecting the liver causing an immunological swelling/fever response . 
  so high dosages can end up causing even more damage to the organ and eventually causing even more attacks in the future . 
  one time he had an infection in his paw , and the antibiotics gave him an fsf attack . 
  so his liver went into over drive with antibiotics , swelling and fever all at the same time . 
  if you want a tldr : low protein diet , no junk foods , no fat , no meats , and keep him healthy and active . 
  he will live a normal life with attacks form time to time . 
  if you have any questions feel free to pm me . 
  i am sure other users on here have had to deal with it to . 
  my buy the food at my local petsmart . 
  if you are in the us or canada i am sure that you could also purchase on amazon or online . 
  i give my dogs a capsule of fish oil daily . 
  all my vets have always recommended to do so and i 've noticed that he is more active and healthier since we started . 
  plus he loves it as if it were a treat . 
  i stopped the other night to try to get cash out of one of two citibank atms in the city . 
  completely destroyed , i asked the cashier and he said that he had no idea . 
  my guess robbery or stupid accident . 
  what hoa is this ? 
  this from pipi estrada , a journalist known for just spewing pure bullshit and never hitting any single thing he says . 
  unfortunately as they take him to a popular sports talk show ( mainly to laugh at the stupidity of his `` news '' that no one takes seriously ) some other media picks it up and shares it as truthiness . 
  it 's all quite literally pipi . 
  well the octopus is absolutely stunning !, 
  wish i could purchase it !, 
  still interested in knowing ... i think it mustve been modric, 
  patiently waiting to see who zidane and neville bring in to support their squads, 
  can we just keep this wonderful place our little secret ? 
  it 's starting to get busier and busier !, 
  looking for a donkey kong country for snes . 
  do you have it ? 
  where is this located ? 
  most of the drivers in orlando act fuck-tarded when they sit behind the wheel . 
  florida needs a serious look at their driver 's licensing process , its embarrassingly bad and the law abiding drivers are the ones who pay the price and the frustration . 
  dungeon at university blvd & dean rd and ask for rick . 
  yes that 1 % lol, 
  i recently got my license after moving here from the uk . 
  and honestly the process was a joke . 
  the written test is a common sense test and the driving test was in a parking lot and no questions on the mechanics or safety requirements of driving with a road worthy vehicle . 
  licenses should be retested and proper traffic management systems need to be set up . 
  again unfortunately it 's no where the priority list of the county or the city so it 's only daydreaming . 
  agreed . 
  in the uk the annual inspection is mandatory on vehicles over 3 years old otherwise it will be towed away . 
  tbh i very much prefer antoine griezmann before hazard . 
  he already knows the league , is bffs with benzema and varane , and already lives here , speaks spanish , and does n't even need to move his home . 
  also i believe griezmann 's ceiling is higher than hazard 's . 
  and considering how quickly hazard fizzled away at the slightest challenge and pressure from mourinho this season it would not be worthwhile in the same time griezmann has grown a lot under simeone , does n't go down easy and his consistency is fantastic . 
  add to the list that florentino already wanted hazard and he rejected real madrid for chelsea , and the media blowout of signing griezmann would boost sales a lot more as well in picking up the main star from the city rivals the same way when we signed hugo sanchez . 
  that 's it lads . 
  you can go on holiday now . 
  it 's all won !, 
  tried in us and didnt work :(, 
  i would really prefer that they started catering to a slightly older audience . 
  i am not sure what the average player is these days , but im sure its older than the current generation of young teens . 
  most importantly , will we ever see a more older based game ? 
  great , but i ca n't take seriously anyone who openly supported the oppression of hugo chavez, 
  shame that he 's been consistently bad . 
  our games take three steps back if napier or dedmon are allowed a minute to play, 
  you forgot to get rid of napier, 
  i must say , i love their attire . 
  you do n't see kids dressing so nicely out of their own free will these days !, 
  do it !, 
  just do it !, 
  best news all week that shabazz is leaving . 
  while helguera is right he should n't be talking much . 
  isco was fantastic his first season , he aimed to please and had the audacity to take his shots and goals when he arrived . 
  now he aims to prove himself instead by trying to do an extra play and trying to get past one more man . 
  too much for someone with so much talent . 
  hopefully zidane can teach him to be more patient and get past who he needs to and now the whole team !, 
  on another note helguera was one of my least favorite madrid players of the last 20 years only above faubert and woodgate . 
  he was always a liability and basically was playing with a man down if he was on the field . 
  noooooooooooooo, 
  looking forward to the full interview being posted, 
  i have summit and are very happy with it so far, 
  this is the gif i was looking for . 
  but on another note i have n't seen so much hair since i saw that bear destroy leo . 
  honestly we need a real `` destroyer in the team . 
  what good is it to have such a fantastic front line when kroos and modric spend most of the game in our first third . 
  and ramos and pepe keep pushing up and no one covers for them . 
  this is where xabi alonso excelled . 
  he was always basically a third cb and a destroyer , taking the yellows and he hard tackles for the defenders and mids . 
  if he played consistently and rotated kross/isco/modric / james i assure you we would be doing incredibly better . 
  despite really liking him i doubt bayern will sell . 
  guardiola has used him as cb and midfield and i doubt that ancelotti will let him go so easily . 
  rather focus elsewhere on more realistic players . 
  his time for madrid has passed for now . 
  i must disagree . 
  busquets is a destroyer , he does n't do aggressive fouls either , and the fact that it almost pears like he was n't even there is proof of his play . 
  while barca has one of the weakest defenses they 've had in this century it is his work in front of the defense that makes it all worthwhile for the rest of the team . 
  almost every other team has some sort of cover for their midfield and forwards to help them focus on their attack . 
  busquets at barca , xabi at bayern , ramires at chelsea ( until recently ) and so on . 
  if you 're not worried about what is going on at the back the rest can focus on their attacking game . 
  we need kroos , modric , james , and isco closer to the oppositions area , but instead modric and kroos spend more time in our half than theirs . 
  this position should also help distribute balls to them so that they are tracking back so far and being more ineffective . 
  the best madrids this century had in common a destroyer : makelele and khedira . 
  they permitted the team to attack and keep doing so consistently .
