  the total figure is closer to 6.5-6 .7 m total possible voters for this illegal referendum . 
  clever girl, 
  everything in this comment is absolute bullshit . 
  i was really waiting for this gif from the moment i saw it on tv . 
  let me guess ... russia . 
  mufasa , is that you ? 
  always a joy to watch, 
  was thinking it had to be drive able . 
  this makes two of us !, 
  this is why im taking my time enjoying the leveling experience and the story before burning out with endless dungeon running . 
  reminds me of road trips back in 96-97 playing blue and my brother red and getting in fights because i wanted a growlithe he had . 
  clearly is an hr meeting , and its going to last all day . 
  did you ever take the job at amazon ? 
  anyone have any reviews on this ? 
  i current have an hd 7950 . 
  will this work with ym same mb and everything else ? 
  anyone know what w it would require to power ? 
  not really . 
  di maria wanted to be starter without competition . 
  he also wanted more money to stay . 
  he went where he wanted to go : where he would have guaranteed starts and even more money . 
  better teeth than most of the uk, 
  can i be part of this amazing giveaway brothers ? 
  looks like a version of the barrens from world of warcraft . 
  madrid just extended his contract to 2020/21 . 
  he knows he is the future of the club . 
  if pepe stays is to take a secondary role . 
  varane needs to convince ancelotti that he needs to be first choice . 
  set pieces has been madrid 's weakest link since as long as i can remember ( late 80s by the way ) . 
  between defenders losing their mark and casillas always running out to try to get it its where we 've always had issues . 
  then again , we do n't concede many goals , and i would not consider this a massive problem for a team with the powerhouse up front that we have . 
  pepe should stay , absolutely agree . 
  he 's become a much better player , consistent , and the fear in the other teams having to come up against him is great !, 
  he has changed a lot from his hot headed first couple seasons , but he also needs to recognize he will begin to sit on the bench a lot more as he is replaced by varane and nacho . 
  thanks for the new site to follow !, 
  when its not on a local channel rojadirecta usually offers plenty of options, 
  cr7 will one day be our coach , then honorary president like di stefano . 
  anyone else loving this ? 
  barca slowly crumbling away over the last couple years with such a massive mess ? 
  so many claims for so long about `` mes que un club '' and hwo they are all high and mighty and now in shambles . 
  headless chickens at this moment . 
  surprise as he signs for getafe, 
  looks like we might have coincidentally hit the similar milestone as i have to move internationally and wont be able to take my build with me . 
  this is what i would sell :, 
  * monitor : shimian 27 '' 1440p pixel perfect ips, 
  * case : bit phoenix shinobi black, 
  * cpu : intel core i5 4670k quad core, 
  * memory : g.skill ripjaws-x memory memory 16gb ( 2x8gb ) 1600mhz, 
  * video card : vtx3d x-edition radeon hd 7950 oc 3072mb gddr5, 
  * cpu cooler : corsair h60, 
  * storage 3/4/5 : i have 2 7200rpm seagate and a 5400rpm wd hdds, 
  i also have headset ( creative sound blaster ) , keyboard ( mechanical razer ) and mouse ( razer ) , and also the soundsticks 3 from hardman kardon, 
  i am happy to wipe the drives and leave the windows 8.1 pro installed if necessary . 
  this has been used mostly for light gaming at 1440p with fantastic fps , and redditing hardcore . 
  most of the hardware is new ( under 3 months ) but the hdds are older from previous builds and the tower case as well . 
  pm if you want to discuss for a full or partial sale . 
  just posted everything for everyone to check, 
  posted now, 
  as posted above . 
  the os is installed on the sandisk ssd, 
  all posted above now . 
  wow that is very damn good !, 
  i would say thats reasonable . 
  thats fine , i get your point . 
  i reviewed everything on amazon and everywhere else i found online . 
  like i said , this is what i would like , if someone has a better offer then great , i 'm happy and willing to negotiate . 
  this is actually incredibly interesting do you have any online sources to further the point of the crescent and the star ? 
  this is much closer to what i was thinking , so i wanted more on how it became the ottoman symbol and thus part of today 's symbol, 
  time for a fallout movie franchise ? 
  is n't this why bayern let him go once muller showed up ? 
  he 's one of the best in the mexico squad . 
  just look at the world cup matches . 
  he 's certainly quick , physical , and a solid performer . 
  only that he thought he was going to granada to end up at watford . 
  bit of a waste for a second tier division . 
  i think it 's insane that british press makes such a big deal for man utd that people are starting to seriously reconsider his place in the team . 
  he 's a fantastic player who genuinely loves being here and gives it his all . 
  he 's had a bit of a `` slump '' according to the press , but for gods sake they try to compare it to ronaldo or his tottenham days !, 
  i like him , he provides speed and depth , carvajal behind him makes him better , when arbeloa plays he disappears a bit because he 's left alone on his wing . 
  also the plays he has with modric he is n't getting form isco as isco seems to sway more on the left than the right , modric was the opposite . 
  also you do n't spend 91m and sell him two years later for less to a club that is n't competing anywhere near real madrid 's level . 
  bale is a unique player who is young and still learning . 
  lots of new faces in the midfield to adjust to as well . 
  so do n't worry bale will be very important to this team long term . 
  if reus comes , great , but he will compete with bale , jes\u00e9 , isco , ronaldo , and benzema for a spot . 
  i do n't see any of them leaving this summer either . 
  what we need is a proper cover for benzema that is actually provides a different playstyle , and replacements for arbeloa , coentrao , khedira , and pepe as in my opinion will be the ones who are more likely to leave in the summer due to age/playtime/contract . 
  i just died from laughter someone please give me some air, 
  if the non-vaccinated child has to miss a lot of school days , and probably doesnt survive through schooling , how can it be an honor student ? 
  asier just needs to be given more time on the field . 
  if not a loan to liverpool would be great . 
  he needs to finish his molding into alonso , just the beard is not enough . 
  well at least they did n't bomb or decapitate anyone, 
  thanks for writing . 
  let me add to your comments . 
  - i think that the current owner purposely has a small operating margin to keep the tax levied as low as possible , which is why they include so many external expenses through the business . 
  my numbers indicate that once they leave the operating margin will be closer to 15-20 %, 
  - i have a business management , finance background . 
  i have been working my whole career in multinationals ( consumer goods and pharma ) and have always wanted to run my own business sooner or later . 
  i understand the financial modelling the marketing plan and the branding changes required .
