  are these happening daily ? 
  i would seriously want to be part of one this weekend !, 
  i 've been basically playing wow solo for the better part of my last 4 years so it would be nice to at least have such a good reminder of the horrible lonely time that wod has been . 
  thank you so much !, 
  i will definitely join as soon as i can !, 
  looking forward to a constructive and fun group to play with !, 
  thanks taro !, 
  sounds amazing . 
  i will be on the stream tonight for my chance !, 
  i 'm nukacola on duskwood !, 
  thanks !, 
  really no one mentioned restaurant row on sand lake ? 
  there 's plenty of mid and high tier restaurants that also fit your corporate requirements . 
  if you have experience those would be a great bet , with good clientele and good tips . 
  is that male mode the italian billionaire that is now very popular on instagram ? 
  i named a f this place too ... same bs, 
  any chance to hook us up with such insanely ridiculous deals ? 
  if you are in winter park stop by umi , across park ave from burger fi , they are amazing . 
  otherwise dragonfly is awesome or sukhi hanna in hunters creek for all you can eat . 
  i love their donburi bowls, 
  anyone know how to request a refund on ps4 digital store ? 
  orlando city could greatly use someone like him to pair off with kaka , nocerino and larin, 
  i am not surprised , modric is clearly not moved by money , he seems to love the city , is a fan favorite , and already speaks spanish well . 
  he gets along fantastically with his bff ramos ( as usual ) and is important . 
  i do n't think anything could really pull him away at this time . 
  i cant understand why iborra would leave sevilla for sunderland . 
  this is only for the money for sure . 
  in sevilla he has a chance for the seleccion and he is also going to play cl . 
  unless sampaoli doesnt want him , which is a different issue altogether . 
  no gpu and only one ram ? 
  great ... now will the magic store replace my recently purchased hezonja 23 jersey for a number 8 ? 
  ps4 should do the same thing . 
  it 's embarrassing, 
  lololol i 'll call a couple friends at the magic marketing team see if they can help out ... 
  otherwise i will trade for an i aka jersey, 
  i hope so mario is a beast . 
  i am very happy with the team this year ... 
  i strongly believe our ceiling is the top . 
  long story short : podemos is the hell spawn of iranian and venezuelan funded politics . 
  they claim to be trying to bring spain back to a `` sweden style '' socialism , but if you investigate and watch them enough you will find its all lies . 
  the local governments where they have achieved power are in utter malfunctioning states at this point . 
  they are just as corrupt as the old school politicians in spain . 
  unfortunately , spain was hit so hard by the economic crisis , that a lot of youth and gravely impacted people turned to the loud newcomer who got a ridiculous amount of air time in spain 's famous talk shows . 
  both sides pro and anti will talk to you for hours on why they are great or horrible . 
  but to me any party that has been proven to be funded illegally by iran and venezuela is a no-go . 
  two failed states funding misery elsewhere is simply ludacris . 
  thank you ludabot, 
  such a bright future to only take 2 steps back . 
  literally his playing time will be limited to 5-10 minutes if he is lucky and whenever one of the msn is injured . 
  big money for him , but a step down in player development in my opinion . 
  beautiful , as expected reddit is filled with podemitas to the brim . 
  how much are they paying you to continue spreading their lies ? 
  let me remind you that misery for all is the equality you get with pablito . 
  if you love communism and his version of socialism move to venezuela or cuba , since it 's what they want to implement . 
  no need to wait to see results , you can already see the future if they are given even mor elbowed . 
  must be fantastic to be a career motivational speaker with token awards and be a massive asshole because you ca n't hold on to a ride that goes 45mph you sue and will probably win some sort of money . 
  clearly those speaker fees must not be enough . 
  this was from 3 months ago . 
  but yes , united now is definitely there . 
  the chevy , adidas , and pl tv money help a lot . 
  a star of david would summon something ? 
  oh crickey !, 
  this right here !, 
  that was one of the two moves i wanted this year in the transfer market . 
  but in the end seems to me that psg got him on the cheap . 
  twist : real madrid signs with spanish giants joma, 
  mayor he should 've gone to a mid-tier team like villarreal or espanyol who were interested in him . 
  he is battling position with di maria , who is already experienced in the league and is easily 2-3 steps better than he is . 
  jese needs to get off his high horse and focus on working and playing not this bs, 
  threefiddy ? 
  the korean version of old boy and almodovar 's la piel en la que habito : the skin i live in, 
  keep working how you 're working and you 'll be the one to make us forget of makelele, 
  lord makelele gave way to sir casemiro, 
  stay away from zip to zip, 
  i dont care about the anime since the butterfree incident and i live just fine ... 
  also sun and moon pokes look horrible imho , but the game looks sweet as pumpkin pie, 
  wow they really hate florida and he southeast, 
  people will hate me for it , but i honestly really enjoyed the force unleashed series . 
  man . 
  this is bs . 
  in spain you follow your local team and basically also pick out one of the big boys . 
  for example i 'm real madrid through and through . 
  despite growing up and having deep family ties for generations with the club . 
  but i was born in las palmas , so i follow hem , but not with the same intensity . 
  and there is absolutely nothing wrong with it . 
  marco llorente should 've stayed ... hopefully he can be returned from loan over the winter break, 
  do n't forget arteta that insanely enough was never capped because his competition was the best spanish midfield in history . 
  agreed , i would 've taken azpilicueta before sergi roberto . 
  ok wenger here is your shopping list , nice , young and foreign , just how you like em . 
  looks like this is an award for non-europeans, 
  hi we have a recently updated website and we really need to setup our seo best . 
  it is www.mywoh.com, 
  thanks !, 
  i like the current stadium , but it is based on the 60s-70s brutalist style of a concrete monster . 
  while its known worldwide , its clear that we need to push forward with a modern look and bring ourselves up to an up to date look . 
  atletico 's peineta will be similar to bayern 's allianz . 
  currently all major teams have either new stadiums or moving to new stadiums soon , and it also helps with their finances . 
  look at arsenal , espanyol , man city , even krasnodar and the sadly now ruined shaktar donestk stadium . 
  i like the design , would i prefer something like the allianz , absolutely , but having this key location in the center of madrid is simply unbeatable and a bright led covered stadium would simply not be permissible . 
  i would 've even considered selling the current stadium 's land and build a super modern brand new one at valdebebas which is still easily reachable by public transport .
