  exactly my point , evra , nani , rio are all leaving this summer for sure and saf is gone . 
  his few ties to man u is giggs and rooney , which marcelo , pepe , coentrao , arbeloa , casemiro , probably outweigh these days . 
  i would not say that they will be butthurt by it , but happy their team won ... despite they left they are still madridistas !, 
  arsenal still will not win anything major for some time , and napoli is building a strong team with benitez . 
  leaving madrid was the wrong decision for ozil , but unsure on how he would fit into the current lineup competing with di maria , bale , isco and jese . 
  add on top higuain , albiol , and callejon are doing fantastically well in italy . 
  ozil was pressured for money by his dad , who clearly is far from having the negotiating skills of neymar senior . 
  a stat of encouragement :, 
  we destroyed atletico in the semis for the copa del rey, 
  a stat of discouragement :, 
  we did not beat them in the league . 
  in ozil 's defense ... benzema usually misses those easy shots . 
  absolutely agree . 
  the game simply got out of control quickly with bad refereeing and i really felt the ref was absurdly out of his league for the match . 
  seeing how this went down in a final , it is my worry that atletico might get a little too aggressive with rm players during the match . 
  and we know diego costa is quickly going try to piss off pepe . 
  iker has been phenomenal this season , as has diego ... maybe this whole 2 world class keepers thing actually works !, 
  level up ? 
  he literally evolved into his final form !, 
  anything specific that you are looking for ? 
  i have a massive collection and i would love to get this one from you !, 
  got them for sale ? 
  the jerseys ... 
  the players were clearly a 2x1, 
  back in 97-98 when pokemon was starting you i did a aol search on pokemon . 
  i had no clue it somehow was tied to weird porn ... i was 10 at the time , i had no clue what the hell i was looking at . 
  calling it now . 
  brazil does n't pass quarter-finals with this . 
  appalling that diego alves , filipe luis , miranda , lucas moura , coutinho were not even mentioned over some of the players in this list . 
  wow , what a continental fiesta they must 've had !, 
  let 's not forget that when you finish and leave then they ask for donations !, 
  i 'm spanish and clearly you do n't understand fascism . 
  you started to make some good points and by the end ( especially your previous comment ) made it very clear that you do n't understand fascism . 
  are you part of the venezuelan chavista party ? 
  they seems to have an understanding of fascism as loose as yours here . 
  if you are spanish you are clearly a far left party member ( psoe or iu ) . 
  clearly you do n't understand half the things you are saying . 
  you are so far off reality that you just sound like far left political propaganda . 
  you tie people , parties , and situations to fascism as well as hugo chavez ties america to the devil . 
  you could not be further from a basic understanding of fascism as you have described . 
  clearly spain has major political issues ( corruption , territorial disputes with morocco and gibraltar , immigration , stupid career politicians , etc. ), 
  every country has similar issues . 
  but i would not mention neither the pp or the psoe as fascists , as try are not . 
  the democratic system is very alive in spain , even with the obvious corruption of politicians , but neither side is related to fascism or the franco regime . 
  has anyone noticed the overwhelming majority of the belgian nt either plays in teh premiership or is owned by a premiership club ( looking at you chelsea ! ), 
  i 've seen videos of this kid at 12 and 13 being absolutely insane and way above the quality of any of the primavera players he was with . 
  if milan is patient and do n't drive this kid insane with pressure and money he can certainly develop into a cr7 level player someday . 
  what happened with all the pink they 've been blabbing on about all season ? 
  i again would love to see violet come back into the mix, 
  incredibly sad to hear this . 
  my deepest condolences !, 
  panda is turning 6 in a few weeks and i grow increasingly worried . 
  basically most of the argentine 's in inter leave to make space for new blood . 
  shame to see such great players ready to retire and closing off their careers . 
  did he hit all three posts ? 
  on a separate note ... 
  what would they do with the kits if they have to play in turkey next season ? 
  i understand that the milan cross is not permitted to wear . 
  just like inter 's jersey a few years ago which they were not allowed to wear . 
  cant wait to get it, 
  i for one would be very happy to see a revitalised valencia . 
  hopefully peter lim takes it as seriously as he seems thus far and helps make the spanish liga even more excitigng than this year . 
  i am already assuming that andre gomes and rodrigo will be moving shortly to valencia as well . 
  atletico finally cut off the duopoly of real madrid and barcelona . 
  malaga and santander both seemed that they would be prosperous with their take overs , but both seem to have become one a farce driving the club into the deep end of the lower divisions in spain , and the other into a mid table club running out of funds . 
  if it means more people watching la liga , more tv revenues , and increased quality from mid tier sides i have no complaints with valencia becoming the chelsea of spain . 
  oh , even easier then . 
  shame to not see such a historic team in cl , it is going to be a very weird year !, 
  well napoli is growing in following in europe with dortmund as well , so is monaco in colombia and africa , liverpool has huge following in asia , and valencia is already well known in mexico and argentina . 
  i do n't think most people just watch as a fan of those 4 teams . 
  i do not see how modric has been overlooked , also arda turan is not on the list either . 
  i would also make the case that pepe or ramos have had a better season than godin , but that goal against barcelona seems to have assured him the spot . 
  to provide justification to barcelona signing laporte for 36 million euros / s, 
  edit : please catch the sarcasm before a karma lynching, 
  valencia needs more than just start winning . 
  they need a face in the team for the project . 
  man city had toure and aguero . 
  chelsea had lampard and mourinho . 
  psg was thiago silva and ibrahimovic . 
  a project such as this can not be brought forward without a big manager either . 
  and benitez has already admitted to limited contacts with valencia investors , but he has something good running in napoli and i do not think he will leave unless a massive dwonturn in results or de laurentiis looks for a change . 
  agreed , an absolute shame that miranda is not going to the world cup . 
  i am a spaniard , whos lived many years in latin america and now lives in the uk . 
  how is the engagement of the commentators ? 
  i personally find the sky and itv commentators in the uk an absolute bore who have managed to put me to sleep more than once . 
  not sure if sarcastic or serious because it weakens sporting 's local competitor ... 
  felipao is not taking the strongest brazil team . 
  my quiniela says brazil does n't get past first game of second round losing to chile, 
  i think everyone expected this to happen the moment he bought the rights to the players . 
  i read somewhere that he also has some sort of clause for garay . 
  i 'll see if i can dig it up ... it was in another comment discussion a couple days ago here in r/soccer, 
  2 days after renewing contract for second time in a year , and he himself starts fueling rumors of leaving barcelona . 
  attention whoring at its finest . 
  my issue is when for example the following happens :, 
  ie : great build up play and fantastic team goal or whatever, 
  commentator : `` yes , the passes are coming along nicely ... * silence * ... and there it is , that 's a goal . '', 
  all with the enthusiasm of someone in a funeral for the neighbour 's goldfish . 
  to be honest i rather catch the game streaming to bein sports usa in spanish where they have some of the best commentators that they 've signed from other channels in latin america . 
  i 've just rememberd going through newgrounds games , ebaumsworld , and thechive ... 
  i cringe just thinking about it .
