  getting back in footballing shape is clearly the key thing here . 
  interested in joining if we find anything . 
  this is genius, 
  he is an amazing player , just like cheryshev and others , but unfortunately he plays in a position where some of the worlds best players always play in . 
  ozil , cr7 , benzema , di maria . 
  madridistas want to see more youth players in the lineup , but its hard to them to break through when they have enormous proven talent ahead of them . 
  it would be wise to loan them out the same way that carvajal , granero , and callejon have gone in the past . 
  i hope rick realises his mistake wakes up from crazyville and brings them into the group . 
  i am expecting a massive andrea bust up and have her ninja-kill the governor and re-join the group when tehy take over woodbury . 
  saw some comments that the governor probably took their weapons ( hence him having rick 's sheriff bad o ' weapons ), 
  mourinho likes , him , as well as jose rodriguez , but should go to get top flight experience somewhere and return . 
  glenn had gone off to find the crashed wall that tyrese came from . 
  i was really hoping they would come back with darryl to help save the day . 
  unfortunately they didnt really have much weapons or ammunition . 
  i was so waiting to see tyrese come back from behind and smash the guv ` nah in the back of the head with a big rock . 
  and another one of hershel 's infinite ammo shooting downvotes on walkers, 
  you are very right . 
  the castilla players need to be absolutely exceptional ( like iker , raul , guti , etc were in their time ) . 
  i very much support their policy of lending them to other top flight teams to prove themselves , get the experience and then return . 
  such was done with parejo ( didnt deliver ) , javi garcia ( should 've never left ) , granero/de la red , carvajal , etc. 
  hopefully jese , cheryshev , nacho , morata , alex all get some time elsewhere , because the castilla team has hit their top until they get top exposure . 
  i hate milton because he is a blind follower and andrea is too emotionally blind to notice shes being used . 
  thanks for taking the time to go into so much detail . 
   cases are largely ascetic decisions . 
  i 'll leave that up to you . 
  ( at $ 200 + for the thermaltake gt10 when i 've already got another case i likely would n't but again i 'll leave that up to you . ), 
  i 've actually found switching cases to my current one very good for cooling and noise . 
  but as you said it is purely cosmetic at this point for me . 
   upgrade the gpu . 
  you can get a radeon hd 7970 for ~ $ 400 . 
  would this work with my current cpu and motherboard ? 
  always figured intel and amd cpus were incompatible with certain cards . 
  thanks again !, 
  thanks buddy very very useful !, 
  ill upgrade with those , and pick up a few ssds as well !, 
  thanks !, 
  alba as good as he is , and played last night . 
  he was a disgrace flopping , complaining , and trying to cause fights yesterday with ramos and pepe . 
  good thing ramos after going to check on him and noticed what he was up to just left him there and left at half time . 
  so sad to see so much potential wasted in flopping . 
  replay shows alba with a direct kick to his leg , busquets flopping like a dolphin , and pepe trying to avoid all the flopping fish . 
  and still he gets a foul called on him and pushed around by barcelona players . 
  pepe was actually doing a pretty darn good job there . 
  this kid is not the future . 
  varane is now . 
  pepe might as well retire or ramos start warming up that right back position . 
  can we have flying varane please ? 
  do you really want to know how i busted my knee ? 
  five years ago , got a high footed tackle as i was making a center into the area from 3/4s . 
  the tackle went straight to my knee as i was making contact with the ball . 
  knee went backwards , and i feel on the femur as i came down . 
  cracked femur , all ligaments gone , ripped meniscus . 
  took over 3 years to be able to get to play again . 
  butterflies in the stomach ? 
  everyone is nervous on both sides for that match, 
  thanks for the awesome chuckle , have an up-pepe, 
  he makes most prospects look bleak . 
  good thing zidane is our chief french scout !, 
  i would n't say that 's necessarily bad . 
  just that man city need to pay exorbitant wages to be able to get the talent they require . 
  i find it worse that terry and ashley cole make the same as and even more than ribery , cr7 , etc. 
  along with that the most underpaid in this fictional xi is casillas . 
  theres a greater chance that no english teams go through . 
  2 teams v 4 teams , do the math . 
  hopefully the most deserving teams go through regardless of where they are from . 
  ps : still want real madrid and malaga through, 
  avb wins it thanks to bale . 
  worthy long term replacement for casillas and raul, 
  actually hilarious , we go to barcelona and they take pictures of us , they come to madrid and they get flipped off . 
  at least we do n't pretend to follow a passing trend, 
  craving a good philly cheesesteak right now thanks, 
  i want be like him when i grow up, 
  i loved roy keane 's and mourinho 's comment on he matter :, 
  if you give the ref / or force the ref to have to make a decision on a bad challenge it is your own fault . 
  becuase the ref had to card it either way . 
  the severity here gets worse on nani 's fault because he was all alone for more than 20mts and should have been aware of his surroundings to avoid making such a challenge . 
  nani who committed the foul also goes straight to the floor to feign an injury from his own tackle . 
  trying to cheat the ref is also a card able offense . 
  also the rules of the game point out that this tackle should be carded based on severity of the dangerous play , and not whether it was meant or not . 
  i dont believe the ref wanted to have to be involved in such a decision for such a big match , but nani gave him no other option . 
  i agree with the ref , but can not defend a red card . 
  in the split second this happened on the match yesterday do you think the ref would 've had time to notice if the player bend his knee ? 
  if the player was aware the other one was there ? 
  the ref does not have the ability to stop watch replays and make his decision . 
  if you watch the event from where he was standing in that split second , most people would probably card it as well . 
  nani 's own fault for giving the ref a 50/50 decision . 
  he could 've just let it drop and play from there . 
  no need to make a flying catch . 
  malicious or not ( do n't believe it was ) a player needs to be aware of his surroundings . 
  no way hes going to have 20 + mts completely on his own in a professional match of this caliber . 
  i like the level of shits given . 
  my friend posted his picture of himself trying to show us his sunburn/workout . 
  this has potential to be hilarious . 
  actually all of these guys look insanely badass . 
  what do you use to split the signal to all the monitors ? 
  i currently have 2 monitors but want to move to 3 to be able to game better do you have a signal splitter to treat it as a single monitor ? 
  yes , thats all right . 
  i currently have 2 monitors on my gtx 560ti , but with only 2 plugs , i can not do a third without a splitter or something . 
  luis garcia during his time at liverpool, 
  well that takes a whole new head into rivalries,
