  everyone is going to cry about it . 
  but the player value is up to the market . 
  if we do n't pay that psg , city or a now chinese owned team will, 
  i do n't think we need him either . 
  i rather bring in someone to compete with casemiro such as krichowiak or kante . 
  i am confused where pogba would fit in unless you drop kroos or modric . 
  another option is to sit benzena and put cr in the 9 position with pogba coming in from the wing in the same style as cr . 
  valencia , monaco , inter , ac milan , espanyol , granada , and no many more teams just purchased for big money.i doubt . 
  a young player in his prime would go there , but we 've seen how quickly city and chelsea grew after the money came in . 
  with espanyol , granada , and valencia with new owners and coaches , this is going to be a very interesting transfer window . 
  looking forward to a competitive season, 
  that 's what they all say, 
  still the owner . 
  basically still has n't completed the revolution as it appears they are trying to keep within ffp guidelines ... none of the shady business dealings the psg and city did . 
  juventus have no need to sell , and madrid do n't really need to buy . 
  the way the rumors get more stupid as it goes on , it is not going to happen . 
  florentino is not going to break the record on pogba . 
  looks like liverpool 's color puke a couple seasons back . 
  i live two blocks down the street . 
  orange ave is completely closed to all traffic both vehicle and foot . 
  multiple helicopters overhead . 
  i counted over 100 police cars . 
  absolutely . 
  right now we have about 5 helicopters overhead, 
  kaley to michigan is closed to most traffic . 
  best of luck our rusky brother in merengue white !, 
  always wish you the best and much success !, 
  this is historical , not anything new . 
  we do n't develop anything new ( expect graphene is the only major discovery in spain in recent memory ) , our top doctors leave to countries where they make a lot more money like the us . 
  for example gsk has their tropical and rare diseases r&d in madrid , but other pharma takes it all to other parts of europe . 
  we as a country need to be more business friendly and support businesses to come and invest in our country . 
  the political instability brought forth by podemos and the independence bullshit in calaunya only make everyone fearful of investing in our economy and industry . 
  we need stability and investment in our young people and education , not be going through so much bs that we are going through now . 
  do n't believe what the mass catalan media is reporting . 
  first it 's worth checking who is reporting it . . tv3 la vanguardia ? 
  a massive amount of investment into calaunya has been diverted elsewhere , companies are already preparing plans to exit the region , relocate their offices , and take their capital of anything happens . 
  also r&d is n't exactly those too correct , but it 's a direct correlation with the quality of our graduates and the investment into our market . 
  is there one for spain ? 
  man i do n't care what anyone says . 
  orlando has some of my favorite players now . 
  i 'm a huge ibaka fan , and i got huge future bets with payton , hezonja , vucevic , and gordon . 
  this trade hopefully opens up the opportunity for a big star to drop in to play with ibaka and lead the team . 
  turning into a lannister to get the play of the game, 
  this is the move i want . 
  i do n't believe we need pogba , too expensive , his image does n't follow that of the club , and worst agent on the planet . 
  would not be upset with this , proving that this theory is valid . 
  but then even more interesting would be understand the evolution of such bacteria on those planets and whether it will make any developmental progress long term . 
  the one who was promised by lord makelele, 
  we love you carletto , but this is obviously not going to happen ... its just the press . 
  ancelotti is not one to go around signing players from his former clubs , and also he likes to develop local and existing talent . 
  bayern already announced that they have completed all their signings for this year with hummels and renato sanches . 
  they are already stacked . 
  the one we wanted is monchi from sevilla , also i do n't know where cordon would fit in with jose maria villar as gm already and raul probably joining the mix next year . 
  for a pc build newbie ... what type of motherboards would this be compatible with ? 
  any limitation in compatibility with ram or cpus ? 
  also , if you favorite color is amd red , do you still support jon snow for president ? 
  i do n't think i had such an insane moment of television since breaking bad . 
  absolutely amazing . 
  here you go brother, 
  this is my favorite piece of news to be honest . 
  finally ... this earns us at least +10 wins next year . 
  honestly i 'm happy with this . 
  the team does n't play properly half the time and without kaka there is literally no ideas on the field . 
  hopefully someone with more experience will join and turn this band of brothers into a team that will fight for the title . 
  the us cup result was embarrassing go top it off . 
  agreed . 
  season ticket holders got the shaft this season . 
  hopefully with the new stadium this will change . 
  having lived in mezico many years he most authentic i found is taqueria ameca off orange ave. does n't look the best form outside , but the food is authentic !, 
  have n't seen anything else or the rest is mostly texmex, 
  will : because shabazz is gone to not f-up so many games with this hilariously sub-par shooting and non-existent defense . 
  wo n't : if we keep a freeloading shabazz on the team a minute longer, 
  did n't see confirmation of the trade to the blazers, 
  only place i found with manzanita drink too, 
  so sad to see such a highly regarded prospect fail so quickly . 
  at least they send foreigners to play in europe , but he will just be dumped around until he goes to d-league and retires early . 
  shame . 
  nino bravo is amazing and a classic, 
  vallejo always a legend for me ... usually ends up as my skipper, 
  hardboiled with liquid yolk still inside, 
  sent you a pm, 
  this comes up from time to time here ... ameca taqueria on s orange . 
  source : lived in df six years and this is the closest to authentic i 've had myself in orlando, 
  welcome to orlando !, 
  we look forward to an awesome season where you 'll be next to my favorite ibaka and future stars gordon ( robbed at the all star ) and mario !, 
  looking forward to seeing you all do awesome this coming season !, 
  - love from the local spaniard !, 
  if you want the best authentic you want to go to ameca off south orange ave. do n't judge the place by its cover . 
  other than that there are plenty of tex mex locations in the city that are very good as well !, 
  on another note ... do you miss spain ? 
  i know you were in zaragoza for some time ... 
  i 'm from the canarias but family from madrid, 
  just wanted to make sure i got my crazy experience out since no one follows me on twitch ... lol, 
  we use world of homes for our properties , and have been for at least 5 years . 
  rocio the property manager for rentals there has been fantastic with us , and at this moment we 've maximized out rent . 
  right now they only keep about 8 % and for the first month it was only 75 % which was much better than others keeping the whole first month , so it was good to see income from the get go . 
  they deposit rental proceeds directly into our account which makes it much easier to deal with while we are able to review the account , details , and repairs online . 
  highly recommend them as they also manage our other hoa , and we 've had our dues cut 2 years in a row already . 
  either way , send me a pm and i 'll be happy to talk to her see if she can bring you in at the rate we have . 
  this is amazing .
