  i must say , that redditing replaced my wow time . 
  i did n't read about it . 
  it has happened when teams like inter with their old away jersey ( white with red cross ) was not allowed to be worm because of some laws that have something to do with the historical significance of the crusades . 
  im spanish , can confirm classic joke . 
  it is awesome . 
  spaniard here too . 
  i 'm sick and tired of this . 
  i find it absurd that some of these guys are absolute celebrities and millionaires . 
  they are adored by all the moms that read hola ! , and specially in andalucia , where these corridas are most common . 
  one downside if the corridas stop is that this breed of bull is likely to dissapear , as these are specifically bred for bullfighting . 
  without this horrible `` culturally '' entrenched event these bulls would most likely not exist , as they serve no other purpose . 
  which is most unfortunate as many of them are absolutely beautiful specimens . 
  spaniard here ... what the fuck am i looking at ? 
  embarrassing ? 
  it would be embarrassing if you were holding digimon instead ... this picture is fantastic !, 
  this is fantastic news for spanish football , as more and more spanish players are getting the chance to learn and adapt to other styles of football . 
  i still believe that benitez 's liverpool was the turning point for spain , because it allowed players like arbeloa , xabi , luis garcia , torres , etc. 
  to adapt to a faster and more aggressive style of football that would combine with the tiki-taka to really outperform opponents . 
  i am very happy to see this continue . 
  i agree with both you and / u/yaovinho rijkaard truly revolutionized barca enforced the tiki taka , and made the team revolve around the `` shorties '' up front ( xavi , iniesta , messi ) . 
  but it is no mere coincidence that at the same time spanish players start to leave in more significant numbers , that their experience and engagement with the premiership did not improve them to create the proper supporting roles for the barca backbone . 
  i lost it ... almost had a heart attack , lost my voice , my neighbors called the police , watched bale 's goal with officers in my house , went crazy with them . 
  high gives all around , and was told to keep it down for the rest of the game ... 
  little did they know it was only the 110th minute . 
  i reserved mine with our legend sergio ramos !, 
  must get this hd wallpaper sized, 
  for further perspective :, 
  champions of turkey , italy , denmark , and germany . 
  cl finalists from year before , and la liga winners for 13/14 . 
  all it was is the champion of champions . 
  yes exactly, 
  just saw the announcement of the valencia cf jerseys . . ( http://en.valenciacf.com/ver/36083/comunicado-oficial.html ), 
  and makes me wonder if they can get the adidas three stripes to match the shirt ( all white ) , why cant we ever have a proper all white jersey for once ? 
  the twitter in spain is going crazy to ensure people know it is `` magenta '' and not pink . 
  pfft ... like theres a difference !, 
  why is this not considered tapping up players ? 
  i thought teams had to negotiate with teams first , and then be given permission to negotiate with the player . 
  i severely dislike the pink within the number ... might just have to cancel my order !, 
  worst is that it might take quite some time to go on sale . 
  why not a kit , like river but with a purple diagonal stripe ? 
  finally someone who agrees with me !, 
  i really think that we should have an all white jersey for once , and a violet second . 
  all of these adidas weird pink and orange make no sense and has no historical match to the club . 
  i quite liked the red ( red is a city of madrid color along with white and purple ) . 
  #arbeloacapitan !, 
  sport is a joke , almost every real madrid signing gets a front page cover on sport with the barca jersey . 
  then they include a report on how good the player is and how he will fit perfectly with the barcelona team and how much `` humiltat i valors '' the player has . 
  as usual , ends up signing for real madrid instead and then they start their anti-xx campaign . 
  its amazing how blind they are to their own fanatism . 
  clearly in honor of the sea , forest , and the sun !, 
  at least we dont have dumb star shapes like juve 's a couple embarrassing seasons ago ... 
  florentino said literally less than 48 hours ago that they do not want aguero as having two top tier forwards did not work ( benzema/higuain ) . 
  unless this means that benzema is leaving the team and nothing has been said yet . 
  had exactly the same problem yesterday before starting my castille game ... too late now . 
  david luiz already went on his instragram to thanks chelsea and to announce his move to psg . 
  i am pretty sure its done already if he himself already went `` allez les bleus ! '', 
  no other medication, 
  unfortunately living in the uk , second opinions are hard to get because of the gp system . 
  the hospital has rejected me because it is simply a nosebleed . 
  they bought it , it wasnt for free . 
  no gesture there other than pure business . 
  tens of thousands ... really ? 
  ballsy move ... 
  yes , let the hate flow through you , blame the judge for uncovering fraud . 
  what motorcycle is that ? 
  i brought my dog to the uk a couple years ago via houston . 
  so he flew united . 
  the most important thing is to complete the full process of the pet travel scheme ahead of time ( takes about 4-5 months before travel ) . 
  if everything is all set and completed on time , you should have no issues whatsoever in receiving your pup the same day you arrive and it avoid quarantine . 
  the most important part for me is to get your pup used to the travel cage and the more than likely loud noises that it will have to go through . 
  so ... bored to death and decided to reactivate my account . . 
  i have a free power-to-90 , and not sure what to use it on . 
  currently i have no massive guild ( old guild is now compromised of 3 characters ) . 
  i 've always been intrigued by pallies , and cloth wearers . 
  i have played hunter since 2004 , and also a dk and shaman . 
  1 ) what do you guys recommend ... go for a clothie ? 
  and if so which is more entertaining to play and more utility in game ? 
  2 ) i 've just been taken to timeless isle for the first time and with so many chests gear went from 450 to 490 in a matter for an hour . 
  anything else recommended other than the chests ? 
  3 ) any recommendation to power level battling pets ? 
  who eats a whole cake by mistake ? 
  i would prefer thiago than kroos ... but here is to hoping that toni can come over and be the new schuster in our midfield !, 
  this is absolutely pathetic and embarrasing . 
  another player touted as a `` youth product '' that was unwanted at 16 , forces a return to be only pushed out in such an insulting manner . 
  as usual barcelona stars being kicked out teh back door, 
  the fans are booing dilma rouseff much more than blatter . 
  its more and more embarrassing the more i see it . 
  he lost the ball , cant reach it , so might as well dive for a penalty . 
  and it worked !, 
  there is no way this was not a set up . 
  do you have any money ? 
  its all about to fly out of your wallet ... 
  same here as well ... i call bullshit on op, 
  this is the moment i just shut off the game ... 
  i ca n't stand seeing him injured like that !, 
  hopefully he 's back in a couple days, 
  why pepe , why ? 
  awesome ... 
  tried to line up the hairlines ? 
  ready to replace cesc on the bench .
