  again , no need to beat me for it , but from all i 've read and heard these are the main reasons why the board preferred to let him go . 
  now he is leaving like a gentleman and he is considered a madridista . 
  i would not rule him out to return at a later date again . 
  lol god damn autocorrect !, 
  i am neutral towards florentino , but i do recognize that he created the `` modern '' football club . 
  where not only its a sports club , but also a massive multinational corporation which seeks both success on and off the field . 
  the sanz era greatly diminished real 's finances and perez took a massive gamble in signing figo and zidane from the get go . 
  it 's clear figo was to generate so much press and noise by disrupting the existing balance . 
  perez created the super club from self generated commercial funding before petrodollars became part of the game . 
  his legacy will be a long term financial success of the institution as well as the champions league successes under his leadership . 
  sure in his first presidency he became too involved in the sports side without finding the balance , but his return has been very successful in my eyes . 
  we also have to compare that this has been in the decade of barcelona 's rise with an unmatchable generation and still has managed to compete against it . 
  florentino at the moment is the only one who can hold the pressure , master the negotiation ( never , never , never - anyone remember that ) , and still continue to drive the massive commercial success to make real madrid the biggest club in the world . 
  i agree , being a former player does not make a good president most of the time . 
  they make great sports directors , spokespersons , coaches , etc. 
  there are very few former players that have been successful in presiding over a large club . 
  most of the time the former players have honorary positions more than anything else . 
  happy to see him get a well rest this summer . 
  rather see fallout : new england - nyc , boston , providence , etc. 
  i think it would be amazing . 
  especially if its earlier in the story to fallout 3 and new vegas . 
  is no one doubting the process to get russia elected in 2018 as well ? 
  well if all of the bribing and illegal operations had taken place in moscow instead of the us . 
  and in rubles instead of usd , then he would have a say . 
  but this is a case that involves the usa as well as any other fifa affiliated country . 
  as most bribes are paid in us dollars and using us banks then its the fbi 's position to legally investigate and enforce for crimes committed on us soil using american entities . 
  russia has nothing to say here , as they might potentially be outed as involved in bribery for the 2018 cup . 
  time for ronaldo to move up to the center forward position . 
  this would really keep him going for a solid 3-4 more years . 
  bale on the left and james on the right . 
  this would give them both the freedom they need to excel while modric and kroos distribute from the back with isco . 
  i do n't see any downside whatsoever to this . 
  can anyone clarify for me who this is ? 
  i do n't recognize kohfhal from out youth set up and it mentions him as director . 
  i have been hearing again that kongdonbia is a potential candidate again , much cheaper than pogba , and a real dm , pogba is not as defensive as him . 
  well for most of the people involved usd is the most stable currency , no major risk of devaluation or inability to properly trade it . 
  almost any bank will accept usd anywhere . 
  we agree that the main reason this is being investigated is because of us bank accounts being used and money changing hands on us soil . 
  do n't fail to mention that ronaldinho was put on hold to sign david beckham . 
  do n't get me wrong , i loved david , he was like callejon and arbeloa , not the best in the pitch , but brought it consistently to every single game until the end . 
  but , if ronaldinho had come maybe barcelona would not have been able to become the beast it was for so long . 
  last player we need . 
  i do n't like sterling , he is basically a british jese . 
  we do n't need him either . 
  we need a proper dm and a benzema replacement . 
  no thanks . 
  he should go to the other giant : west ham . 
  exactly . 
  believe beckham was my favorite galactico , we played similar positions and similar style at the time so i used to identify with him . 
  but ronaldinho was the main driver of the rise of barcelona last decade . 
  and barcelona picked him up when madrid decided to postpone his signing because beckham became available . 
  benzema clearly needs a back up , chicharito was solid , but needed more minutes . 
  additionally on top of that with karim we have a single style of play , back to the defense and one touch to bale and cr7 . 
  a different forward will provide an alternative to play that we currently do not have . 
  a tall forward ( like llorente or dzeko ) that would be able to head in the lobs into the area that our wingers keep putting in , but only cr7 seems to get on the end of them in open play . 
  bale is an absolute beast , but he needs more involvement into the play by his team , and for the team to confide in him and give him the support he needs to be able to continue developing . 
  but beckham is very well liked by madridistas and other fans alike because of that fight and spirit . 
  he was n't the best , but no one doubted his dedication . 
  he almost came when he signed for man city . 
  petrodollars was preferred method of payment for wolfsburg at the time . 
  yes , apologies . 
  my semantics mistake !, 
  there is not comments mentioning the fact that rafa likes spanish players best . 
  where he has gone he has always signed spanish players before anything else . 
  we might be surprised to see the signings would actually be spanish rather than foreigners like verratti and vidal . 
  plus he could actually bring out the best illarra again and turn him into the xabi we 've been waiting for . 
  benitez probably not the `` strongest '' option , but he 's a man from the house , attached to the club , and with a very successful career already . 
  i am sure that he will do just great . 
  it took the world a little too long to realize the nazi threat and horrible crimes , we are making a mistake as a human race to allow these beasts to live any longer than another day . 
  the only way to resolve this . 
  is killing each and every single member and sympathizer to their cause , we can not allow this barbaric thinking to continue to propagate . 
  maybe its what this generation needs to wake up . 
  a war to wipe out these rabid dogs and realize that the threat for such inhumanity still can exist . 
  i remember in late 2004/early 2005 leveling was tough and took forever . 
  my first toon was a night elf hunter and i remember being absolutely blown away every moment i was playing . 
  then i went into ashenvale for the first time and it was so beautiful , the music was serene and the quests told me a story . 
  i was amazed . 
  then the first time i walked into stormwind i was overtaken by the sheer size of everything . 
  i honestly miss the days of sheer wonder of that time . 
  these days nothing has amazed me like that , the only similar experience was in grizzly hills in wotlk for about the first 30 mins . 
  i like they 'd kits this year . 
  simple and good looking . 
  my closet will require more space, 
  we might as well bring raul back, 
  hmmm ... smells like fresh bullshit, 
  i would prefer it if it was just all white !, 
  he would fit very well at villareal and add a minimum full games in the contract . 
  he needs the minutes and he will blow up into a beast . 
  i think its quite the opposite . 
  i thought this was ridiculously cruel death to show for a civilian and innocent character . 
  no one seemed to care for her , but i found this the most unnecessary scene in the whole movie , even more so in how detailed it was . 
  yes i got that . 
  i 've seen enough documentaries to get it . 
  but it was unnecessary to the story , 5 minutes that could 've been used to explain a bit more about ingen involvement or anything else really . 
  i 'm a massive fun but this scene was a quite wtf . 
  my fianc\u00e9 said that moment took the movie from entertaining thriller to gore due to the violent torture the pteranodon was putting her through . 
  again without really adding to the story . 
  i 'm surprised this made it past the pg-13 rating, 
  agreed , this death was more acceptable for an actual ingen baddie . 
  vincent d'onofrio 's characters end was not as brutal as this .
