  he told them almost 2 years before his contract is over . 
  plenty of time to scout , negotiate and get not just one , but two keepers , as oier and pinto are simply not good enough to cover . 
  there are plenty of great keepers that would be available for the right price : ter stegen , guaita , de gea , pepe reina , etc. 
  agreed , he was regardless still part of the team , but casillas does have that extra skill that valdes was missing . 
  valdes is a very very good keeper , but extremely dependent on the 4 defenders in front of him . 
  if puyol and pique are both out he suffers quite a bit . 
  ill agree , with barcelona the wingers might as well not defend anyways . 
  when pique and puyol are healthy and focused , few cb pairs can reach their level . 
  look at that smile . 
  so captivating , i just want to tickle it . 
  evolve it quick !, 
  we wish , but it simply is not happening . 
  their current crisis is due to the costs of that period , and trying to do so much more than they could maintain as super depor stars were sold off . 
  this is complete bs . 
  the media in madrid with as leading the charge of discrediting and attacking the club every day . 
  first they claimed the club has debts over # 500m , then discrediting the signings and coach , followed by attacks on the top tiers of the club . 
  worth noting that as has been excluded from being able to market and have publicity in the stadium and anything related from the club . 
  basically separating and discrediting any of their `` reporting '' by the club . 
  so it comes out to being a very ridiculous way to try to force the board to reconsider and allow them back . 
  as is no longer doing any journalism ( as if they ever did ) , and this little war theyve started with the club is pathetic . 
  they depend on the club and people within the club to leak them information , as soon as they are blocked off they have nothing left to report , thus put their existence at risk . 
  the only place where the truth lies is in the numbers , which as far as i know they are not public domain as it is a private society . 
  the main they quote on current financial affairs of the club has not been part of the structure for over 13 years . 
  under florentino they found complete misstatements of the sanz and calderon presidencies that he divulged to clarify and clean up the accounting and financial statements . 
  same thing rossell did in barcelona , showing that the laporta presidency did now operate under clean p/l and balance sheet , to hide liabilities that they would not announce . 
  again , its a former director from 13 years ago . 
  the club has had a complete revolution financially vs the lorenzo sanz era ( pre-2000 ) and is due to continue to expand . 
  i would say , he would be a valid point if he had involvement in the last few years , unfortunately its been so long any comments are basically out the window . 
  i am in the office until around 8-9pm uk time ... will it still be available for it ? 
  i am so stupid , i forgot that i had draining kiss a couple levels ago . 
  my moveset at lvl 35/36 : draining kiss , powder , infestation , and psybeam . 
  every fight goes the same : powder super fast , infestation , psybeam , if the paralysis gets a hit through , draining kiss , and all done . 
  so simple so effective . 
  do n't even have to try . 
  eventually ill probably end up with bug buzz , hurricane , powder , and draining kiss . 
  i am now ev training for speed and sp . 
  attack . 
  i love by vicious butterfly of death . 
  basically calling bullshit on onieva , marca , and as reports of improper financial management . 
  low vs del bosque until 2016 fantastic !, 
  i currently have 2 1080p monitors . 
  what monitors do you guys recommend ( at a reasonable price ) to be able to upgrade to 1440 or 2560p ? 
  fully agreed . 
  what reason do they have to lie ? 
  and has also been confirmed as bs . 
  fp himself went to punto pelota and confirmed that is just a lie . 
  which was only claimed by onieva and no one else . 
  sorry for the dumb question ... how did you manage to setup an apple monitor to a pc ? 
  i thought those monitors only worked with apple firewire ... 
  it is coming ... 
  how come scolari is nto butthurt about fernando ( fc porto defender ) also signing up to play for portugal . 
  he is another player on track to be a fantastic defender in europe . 
  all just because he is wearing white ... 
  is he back ? 
  could he possibly be back ? 
  god i hope so !, 
  i did not want to say it ... but the belt buckle is in the wrong direction . 
  looking for charizardite x, 
  ft : charizardite y and lots of pokes ... 
  just added . 
  let me know when you are ready !, 
  my fc is : 3136-6631-8995, 
  its alright !, 
  do you have any spewa or vivillion from your region ? 
  anyone ? 
  * crickets *, 
  chairs , basically any type of sitting furniture, 
  delegation . 
  friends re-runs, 
  i 've been thinking about upgrading to a sandy bridge i7 ... any specific one you would recommend ? 
  also any insight on monitor upgrade ? 
  sweet thanks for the input !, 
  thanks !, 
  many parts have been upgraded over time ( gpu , ram , hdds , etc ) now all this talk of 1440p is making me think about switching to one of them . 
  no , i do n't want to get rid of the card , it has less than a year and its working fantastically well . 
  but i might be interested in upgrading to a better monitor/s . 
  be thankful for cheese and crackers son . 
  some places they charge you to look at them . 
  still a better love story than twilight . 
  i am really hoping that the second kit is all white with the adidas stripes in red and yellow . 
  the only reason i dont want ukraine to win , is if it will pull zidane out of the real madrid coaching team to give him the coaching job for france . 
  just replying to save this its way too funny . 
  i am looking forward to a / r/polandball depicting this, 
  i 've had two experiences :, 
  fallout 3 i somehow got stuck inside one of the rooms in rivet city , that i could not get out of ( eventually did after an absurd piece of luck ) . 
  every now and then a little girl would appear to walk through the door ( lockpick max ) go to sleep and would not answer to talk . 
  then 6 hours later she would get back up and dissapear through the locked door again . 
  that bug that locked me into the room , kept me for one whole year from properly playing the game . 
  last night i restarted nv in my pc and was in nipton for the first time and went into the mayor 's building after the legion left . 
  i am looking around and all of a sudden as i turn ( fp view ) a friggin legion dog jumped at me without time to react . 
  made me jump out of my chair as i was n't expecting it and basically blew holes with my weapon into all the walls and everywhere . 
  what mining pool do you use if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  can go via pm to keep it from getting too public . 
  test winning post please ignore . 
  those are clearly monopoly money . 
  everyone knows steam sales are so cheap you dont need real money . 
  i would love this for dual monitor, 
  you can add me too !, 
  i want to add you too can i ? 
  done !,
