  the lvl 1 doesnt have any guild or anything . 
  i am hoping they release it for me !, 
  thanks !, 
  hopefully it will work out !, 
  thanks !, 
  at first i found them annoying and had little use for them . 
  now i rush them to the front line for quick kills and city grabs . 
  i have this one too , its ridiculously comfortable and easily wearable as a polo as well . 
  i love tenerife 's home jersey a couple seasons ago : [ home tenerife ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cdz8h31.jpg ), 
  also real madrid when they wear the [ purple ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bbqwpjq.jpg ) ( real second color ), 
  not a bayern fan , but the current home one is brilliant and love it . 
  agreed with / u/apotre as this did not happen in the stadium , or with the club . 
  regardless it is sad that fans act so violently over speculation of a game that has not been played yet . 
  ultras for hire ? 
  this is quite common in latin american tournaments . 
  it keeps fans more entertained as a short attention span would be needed . 
  i am not a fan of it as it rewards continuity over 6 months rather than a full year , making short term form more rewarding . 
  many of the leagues also have a play-off . 
  which doesnt make sense either . 
  because you could half-ass for 6 months , barely make it into the play-offs and then take them seriously . 
  i am not a fan of play-offs ncaa style . 
  this covers the loss that many of the leagues do not have national cups where all teams participate , so it masks and covers up the lack of a second tier top flight tournament . 
  i very much prefer the full year league , and a all-professional teams cup . 
  i feel a tiered and split tournament favors teams for international competition ( which is great ) , but then it would be best to have everyone follow the same structure to make it fair . 
  lets not forget that the mexican league has even multiple teams being owned by a single owner ( be company of person ) . 
  in some cases owners even trade teams . 
  i lived in mexico for many years and loved the league , since i left they implemented so many changes to the rules , player management and trading , and league structure . 
  i do n't even understand how it properly works anymore . 
  would anyone share a link or briefly explain how the current system works ? 
  this is just silly , if he leaves madrid before winning the champions league it will also be `` unfinished business '' . 
  good to hear !, 
  even more considering my issue is with a lvl 1 !, 
  did you just open a gm ticket ? 
  agreed . 
  for some reason the last few games i get stuck right in between rhamkhamhaeng , theodora , and harald . 
  - oh hai , yes lets be friends , lets trade everything and be best buds ever . 
  - what ? 
  you just bought that tile on the opposite part of the map ? 
  denounce and war with elephants , elephants everywhere . 
  then catherine will show up from the other side of the planet and surprise city between roads connecting my cities . 
  war , war , war . 
  total bastards . 
  they continuously backstab me and them in stuck with `` warmongering '' and denouncements . 
  i hate them . 
  especially rhamkhamhaeng , i hate your stupid elephants with a passion . 
  i was not able to catch anyone on live chat . 
  what options did you pick ? 
  thanks !, 
  yeah i live in the uk right now and have us account since 2005 when i started playing and lived there . 
  it 's the press that makes it grim , all they continuously do is write crap about him and the team , trying to discredit . 
  if he does leave , they wont have anything to write about and by the end of the following season they 'll be begging he returns . 
  this is going to be a circlejerk of anyone anti-madrid . 
  lets point out various factors :, 
  - this was in 1996 when the original properties were sold/transferred . 
  - by 2011 the property is worth 5,400 % more . 
  considering the size of the property and the absurdly different property market in spain it is very very credible . 
  the valuing of the property was done by an independent commission as well . 
  madrid has grown so much during that time period that properties in the `` outskirts '' of the city have quickly become urban . 
  - market prices in spain went from low to absolutely ridiculous over the last 10 years , thus the bubble that caused and still maintains the financial crisis in the country . 
  - those in power at both government and club at that time have been very very long gone , regardless rm has stated that they have always proceeded everything as per legislation at the time . 
  - there is no allegation of wrong doing as of yet , and the ec still needs to carry out their investigation , which they are doing for many many clubs . 
  i 'd love to hear some more from other people or correct me if wrong, 
  i lived in chile , where this whole process is done by the government and it worked like a charm . 
  all you had to do was go into an online government service confirm your information and tax declaration , and presto all done . 
  i would love a second shirt that is purple with a white diagonal stripe like river or rayo . 
  yep , still hate siam . 
  the biggest flip flopper in every one of my games . 
  it 's a hate hate relationship . 
  would be hilarious if the ruins `` equipped it with advanced weapons '' and the settler turned into a military unit . 
  game over . 
  that is a lot of spices . 
  thiago silva and varane, 
  this was already posted and mentioned yesterday with the original guardian article . 
  even on top of this he barely ever fouls . 
  wish i had the stats of fouls per minute of cb 's in europe this season . 
  makes a huge difference that german match prices are 30 $ or lower . 
  while in spain and england they charge you a kidney and an ear to sit at the far top . 
  how do i know ? 
  ive paid :, 
  arsenal vs chelsea : # 60 per person ( last row at the top corner ), 
  chelsea vs swansea : # 50 per person ( back of west lower ), 
  real madrid vs sevilla : $ 110 per person ( second level 3rd row middle ), 
  barcelona vs athletic bilbao : $ 85 per person ( second level corner ), 
  if the premiership and the liga bbva lowered prices enough to fill the stadium every single match , it would probably pay off better as well . 
  edit : worth adding that champions league and cup matches are about 40-50 % cheaper as well . 
  why is the field rectangular ? 
  why not a large hexagon ? 
  also wanted to add that the article name is not exactly transparent . 
  yes , dortmund is the team to most consistently have the most spectators , which is awesome ( i wish most teams had consistent sell outs ! ), 
  better points to address from the article is which teams properly maximize their stadium ( bayern , dortmund , etc ) have a utilization rate of over 99 % meaning that they are always full . 
  this is best for the team finances , team support , and overall environment for the institution . 
  this tells that barcelona 's camp nou is under utilized , the san siro/giuseppe meazza is underused by both ac milan and inter , and so is celtic park . 
  this is very worrisome as the clubs are maintaining infrastructure much larger than they actually needs so far . 
  yes , certain matches will sell out , but financially its not recovering the value of the assets that is depreciating much faster than the revenue it generates . 
  following on that point , who has top utilitization ? 
  the german stadiums , constantly filling to capacity . 
  manchester city , arsenal , man utd , newcastle are also there , which are teams that also have a very large amount of on-going season tickets sold !, 
  on the other hand if you see real madrid , they almost fill 90 % , and this is driven by their prices , if they only dropped their mid/low tier prices by a few euros , it would pay off on additional revenue from increased fan volume filling the stands . 
  ok , enough just my two cents . 
  happy to discuss more !,
