  as a spaniard this is absolutely true . 
  madridistas and cules only read each other newspapers out of curiosity consider its all bullshit and throw it away . 
  hell , go yo sport or marca online , most of the comments on almost every piece of news are some idiot fans just insulting each other and the teams . 
  it 's absolutely hilarious how immature the comment brats are . 
  very wrong . 
  it 's not everyday florentino has to come out with a press conference to explain everything in the press is a lie . 
  i barely ever read the sports press anymore . 
  i prefer independent websites . 
  when have we ever seen a cover of sport or mundo deportivo with real madrid ? 
  works both ways . 
  ps : i upvoted you because you actually wanted to have a civilised discussion . 
  just need to sign bale , and offload higuain to arsenal , kaka to whoever will take him , callejon to napoli , and maybe a couple others and should be set for a great team ... 
  keep in mind he has already `` voluntarily '' paid 10 million for 2010-2011 fiscal years . 
  and now will pay a further 15 million . 
  paying all this is basically admitting guilt and avoiding the press and court appearance with a very likely possibility of ending up in jail . 
  shenanigans no , but if he was not a major celebrity and certainly not messi , he would end up in jail . 
  but since he is messi can hire a lot of lawyers etc. . he would manage to stay out paying a big fine . 
  if he is paying 15m now that is through the lawyer 's recommendation, 
  agreed a million times . 
  sign with warrior , you will never know what you are going to get . 
  i played magic a lot in high school ( early ' 00s ) and loved it , then at uni no one played it ... i wish i could use my old decks in these games as well ... 
  i would find it hard to understand a reason to leave on a purely competition view . 
  if you want to be the best you need to compete and play with the best . 
  in real madrid he plays with ozil , isco , casillas , ramos , modric , alonso , etc. 
  some of the best players in the world , and competes against a barcelona side with messi , neymar , iniesta , xavi . 
  if he leaves rm he would only find similar levels of competition in the pl , and even then it will not assure any guarantee of measuring up against the spanish giants except in cl . 
  in la liga ronaldo is constantly insulted in every stadium he visits , and gets more and more aggressive tackles on him . 
  there is no use in outscoring whole teams if he wont be happy . 
  as a league i prefer the pl since the liga has become a two horse race . 
  i would really hope that the sheiks that are purchasing clubs ( malaga and rumor of valencia ) would actually properly invest to put up competition and bring more top players to the league . 
  but unlikely that it will happens thanks to the tv rights in spain being so unfair . 
  on the bright side in spain we have sun , something they havent seen in the isles since a year years back . 
  and we all know latin players `` lose their smile '' in the islands without the sun and the parties . 
  ps : last bit is obviously sarcastic . 
  cr7 will renew his contract and i find it unlikely he will leave madrid for united . 
  and if the offer is true , it is way too low ... clearly the fax misprinted and missed the 1 before the 80m . 
  faubert to madrid was absurd, 
  humiltat, 
  i remember years ago that navas was not able to leave sevilla and play with the seleccion because he had anxiety attacks ( link below ) . 
  this i am very stranged out that he would go as far as moving to manchester so suddenly . 
  i really hope he does great and manages to settle and play as well as he can . 
  very excited to see madrid radically changing how they sign clearly pushing for a long term team with talented youngsters who will surely be key in the future spain set up . 
  illarramendi with isco , thiago , and morata were the best of the u-21 spain team ... who knows , maybe madrid can join them all again, 
  yes , but i was mentioning the u-21 specifically . 
  jese is a beast and i am sure that if given proper amount of time to play and consistency he can be really something impressive . 
  unfortunately there are a lot of fans out there who dont want to wait , and will not have patience with the young team that ancelotti is building . 
  i for one am quite excited to see a young rm building a solid base for many years . 
  simeone should be very happy with this now, 
  this is great signing and if they manage to pick up lamela and damiao they will continue to be a top offense in italy . 
  would like to see some defenders signed as well , cant help feeling the backline is getting quite old quickly, 
  10 million euros, 
  how would one go about doing this ? 
  he 's much better than people claim , he should be given a chance as 4th cb, 
  great cover to sr or varane if you ask me, 
  is he a future hierro or camacho ? 
  probably not , can he be good enough to be in the top 4 sure thing in my opinion, 
  again i think its early to say how good he can become , many defenders turn their best late into their careers . 
  he is good enough to be 4th cb in the team no doubt . 
  thanks mate !, 
  why is no one echoing that neymar 's father was paid 40 million of the deal ? 
  sounds like mr. putin needs to hide some insecurities ... 
  wonder what blatter is doing other than watching then ... 
  no one points out that carvajal actually cost $ 2m as last year leverkusen paid $ 4.5 m for him and madrid just activated the return clause . 
  i expect higuain or benzema to leave along with adan and albiol . 
  ancelotti is n't known to have fully packed squads , so he can utilize young talent like he did in milan and psg . 
  so right now with 26 first team players we should expect for 4 to leave to make space . 
  this a million times or the 2010 wc final, 
  why does everyone always focus on shirt sales ? 
  it is not the main driver of their roi . 
  instead the club keeps 50 % of any advertising contract they have while at the club . 
  playing in rm means they will also fully market your image and name , any benefits from it are split equally between player and club . 
  thus playing for madrid can significantly increase your value and your bank balance . 
  so yes , madrid overpaid for kaka at market value , but financially kaka has made a couple hundred million in marketing alone for the club . 
  this is why the board and president have no problems with kaka staying in the club until now , the money he generates fully pays for his salary and transfer fee many times over . 
  when kaka leaves , rm has to find a new player that can generate what he did , and right now bale could be some one of the most marketable athletes in european football after cr7 , kaka , messi , and neymar . 
  ( fyi neymar is a beast for marketing for brazil and south america ) . 
  you can already see that rm has started marketing isco strongly in spain ( trofeo s. bernabeu marketing campaign ) and will continue until he is an image for the club . 
  on the other hand , barcelona has a similar format , but to be able to renew messi , rosell gave up most if not all of the shared image rights back to messi , thus barcelona will not be making much money from the marketing machine that messi is and will continue to be . 
  this will generate a significant hole in fcbs finances , and neymar will begin to cover that gap quickly thanks to the huge pull he has in brazil . 
  so some of the big name signings for top clubs arent all about the football , but also as investments for increased revenues and image control . 
  how is this news ? 
  this is not even what nacho said and this is all bs . 
  nacho actually thanked mourinho and credited him for taking him to the first team and giving him a chance to play . 
  thats barcelona/spain play , thus keeping most of their matches to low scoring, 
  hes going to get annoyed and request to leave just before the window closes , then end up leaving on the cheap . 
  moyes should just let him go to chelsea and use the money to sign baines . 
  this is gallardo , an absolute nobody who makes up stories and claims he himself physically takes the offers from one club to another ... also claims to be a fifa agent ... this guy is a joke and incredibly impossible to believe, 
  me neither , and it seems dumb as hell, 
  benitez looks thin next to de laurentiis, 
  this would be awesome, 
  why not keirrison and henrique , spent over # 30 for both and they never even wore the shirt , thats a pretty bad signing, 
  nobody has mentioned faubert and woodgate ? 
  ps : in woodgate 's defense he was basically injured the whole time he was in rm , and when he played it was equivalent to giving a circus clown a square ball . 
  that would be me 10 years ago ... i wish, 
  triple it down on gencos, 
  are you inside a pokeball ? 
  as spain i have inherited both aragon and portugal ( via royal marriage ) . 
  all i was asked for was : well liked status +190 , 50 years of pu ( nothing seems to have broken it , prestige , and be at peace . 
  one annoying bit was naples was in a pu with aragon , but when aragon became the lesser partner of our union , naples seceded and declared war ( which i took a mission to reconquer anyways . 
  other than that , i am not entirely sure on what else to make it work,
