  its as if there is nothing connected . 
  i 've managed to get it into recovery mode , but nothing recognizes it !, 
  i have some very sentimental wedding pictures from very recent that i have not been able to transfer yet !!!!, 
  i 've tried everything , reinstalling extensions , services , itunes , daemons , different computers , plug into wall socket . 
  im about to call it quits and consider it an ibrick , but this sounds too absurd to let it go like this after having it less than 4 months . 
  can anyone help me ?!!?!? 
  please !, 
  hi / r/london !!, 
  i 'm moving there and flying today !, 
  i ca n't contain my excitement to begin this british adventure ... 
  i do need a couple pointers ... 
  i already opened a bank account ( natwest ) and i will be brining with me a legal amount of $ usd with me . 
  any recommendations to exchange to # gbp ? 
  can the bank do it and deposit in my account ? 
  is there any operator that would be able to offer a temporary prepaid sim for my unblocked iphone ? 
  i heard o2 has the goods . 
  chelsea , arsenal , or tottenham for euro footy ? 
  what is a reasonable rate for a taxi from lhr to west london ? 
  tw zip area ... 
  thanks so much and looking forward to becoming a / r/londoner !, 
  i need some help to evolve my kadabra so that he will be able to give me enough of a boost to finally beat lance ... his dragonites/aerodactyl are being a pain ... :(, 
  can anyone lend a couple minutes ? 
  my fc is : 3826\u00a03966\u00a01458, 
  what are the recommendations to get them with decent prices ... so far what i 've found online is absolutely insane prices over # 150 each !!!, 
  along with that im following twitter feeds to check for something , but seems no one is letting go . 
  can anyone help on the best way to find anything ? 
  goalies : casillas , reina , de gea, 
  midfielders : isco , alonso , cazorla , be\u00f1at , javi garc\u00eda , bruno soriano, 
  forwards : adri\u00e1n , silva , navas , negredo , soldado, 
  we are very surprised to not see jose enrique , ruben castro , and a few others ... 
  / discuss, 
  ps : doesnt include barcelona or athetic bilbao players due to cup final, 
  i dont have a whole lot , i had transferred almost everything to my 5th gen when i had a chance . 
  im looking to start a breeding program , and current ditto doesnt `` get along well with others '', 
  also mudkipz , because well ... mudkipz . 
  no luck with a uk release ... 
  i just ordered mine over amazon from a canadian retailer . 
  this is so you do n't waste your time going to your preferred game retailers ... 
  does anyone have any places to get authentic jerseys ? 
  i am trying to get the santos light blue jersey from this season . 
  hi all ,, 
  hopefully someone here can give me a hand . 
  i have a custom desktop with the following specs :, 
  cpu : i5 2.8 ghz, 
  ram : corsair vengeance blue 16 gb ddr3, 
  psu : 800w branded, 
  cooling cpu : cooler master hyper 212, 
  case : raidmax quantum atx-798wb case, 
  os : windows 7 ultimate x64, 
  hdd : 2x 500gb seagate 7200rpm, 
  monitor : acer s240hl, 
  now to the problem :, 
  everything has been working fine , no issues , and a couple nights ago finished using it , shut it off and off to sleep . 
  the next afternoon when i got home from work i turned it on , and after the bios screen i got an error that windows had not shut down properly ( dont know why as i had shut down through menu and everything shut properly the night before ) . 
  i tried to load it anyways and it seemed to have gotten stuck in the windows logo screen . 
  after 20 + minutes , i restarted the computer to attempt to go into safe mode and run some scans . 
  it is at this point when suddenly the gpu apparently now does not provide any video signal to the monitor . 
  when i had just gotten the monitor a few months ago , this happened until i re-sat the ram . 
  following steps taken :, 
  tested cables , power , monitor , etc. . . 
  resat ram and tested each individually in each ram socket . 
  ( no success ), 
  resat gpu ( no success ), 
  tested power supply and all connections ( no success ), 
  tried disconnecting power cable and turning on and holding power button for a minute trick ( no success ), 
  cleared bios ( no success ), 
  ripping my hair out in desperation of inability of finding a solution ( no success ), 
  can anyone relate or give me any pointers of things to try out ? 
  i can not seem to find a solution for this and my forums and overclockers searches have turned out empty handed . 
  thanks in advance !, 
  i have this build which i updated 9-10 months ago . 
  i am already looking to change the case as this one regardless of the great cooling , is a cable management nightmare . 
  i am looking for someone with more experience to give me some tips on what would be best to improve here . 
  i basically use this pc for interwebs and gaming ( fm12-skyrim ) so all graphical levels . 
  cpu : i5 2.8 ghz, 
  ram : corsair vengeance blue 16 gb ddr3, 
  psu : 800w branded cooling, 
  cpu : cooler master hyper 212, 
  case os : windows 7 ultimate x64, 
  hdd : 2x 500gb seagate 7200rpm, 
  monitor : acer s240hl, 
  shot in the legs by sniper i am not geared and pose no threat , happy to help others and i always look out for friendly survivors ... anyone available ? 
  help fell off building during lag !, 
  i have now in my possession all comics up to issue 98 . 
  the lack of daryl is really hitting me hard . 
  by far my favorite character on the show and every page i read i am constantly expecting daryl to drop in save the show or be awesome . 
  writers !, 
  at least build him as a new character even if its late !, 
  im not sure if this has been asked before . 
  but if i start a challenge ( great youth players one ) and it sends when the season is over . 
  can i continue the game as a normal career mode after ? 
  or is there any way to be able to do so or transfer the save to classic fm mode ? 
  guys ,, 
  its actually breaking my heart , but got it as a gift for my brother ho has been having some hardcore issues vs. the family . 
  trying to use it as a peace offering since ive noticed hes been playing civ 5 a lot . 
  honestly dont really want anything , i have a decent library . 
  but willing to pass it on and pay it forward to someone who enjoys civ games as much as i have !, 
  thanks guys !, 
  pretty straight forward . 
  i have a few ideas already , but want to get some `` market-noise '' to see what do you all need or `` wish for '' , and try to create a business that can support your needs .
