  and i must say that i feel overall with a lot more energy , happier , and fantastic . 
  i feel fitter , thinner , and healthier already . 
  i have been keeping my intake 60 % fat , 35 % protein , and the rest in fiber . 
  i am barely hitting the 20grams of carbs at all . 
  i am also consuming under deficit every day . 
  despite this , i have only lost 2 kgs in this time . 
  my ketostix show me in full keto , i need to drop at least another 10-15kgs before i call it a victory , but if this is a stall , it just doesnt seem to stall off !, 
  i was reading in the bodybuilding forums , and here that it is also recommended to have a carb load day every 1-2 weeks , and then strict keto continued to ensure that the weight loss is consistent . 
  could this be because i 'm taking hypertension medication ? 
  or what else could it be ? 
  can someone recommend me anything else to do to ensure that i am seeing that scale and body fat % to drop consistently ? 
  thanks in advance !, 
  i 've run the 3dmark test and i 've gotten the following results . 
  i really thought that i should be doing much more . 
  any brothers here that can help me understand what this means and what i can do to improve this ? 
  maybe even some upgrade i should do to my pc ? 
  thanks brothers !, 
  unless anyone has any idea on how this might be possible ? 
  i already know that getting anything here wo n't work . 
  the game mega charizard giveaway did n't work because of system being from the u.s. 
  instead of uk . 
  anyone got any bright ideas to give me the chance to get on the demo ? 
  thanks !, 
  anyone else based outside their 3ds home region figure out how to buy the game ? 
  it will always fail at the zip code stage because it wo n't allow post codes ... 
  any recommendations ? 
  i have to move internationally and wont be able to take my build with me , so i am looking to sell . 
  the tower full as is # 900 without the drives or # 1000 including the ssds . 
  if you take the monitor as well we can do for # 1150 . 
  accessories are on the side and sold separately . 
  i doubt anyone wants the hdds . 
  i prefer to sell the tower without splitting up the parts , i will only sell by parts if all of them want to be purchased . 
  almost all the parts actually have less than 3 months , the monitor has 5 months as is as new with no dead pixels and perfect . 
  accessories like new , the mouse is the only one with a little use as its literally the oldest piece in the whole set . 
  all prices set about # 10-40 less than used selling price on amazon , aria , etc. 
  this is what i have :, 
  * monitor : shimian 27 '' 1440p pixel perfect ips # 250, 
  * case : bit phoenix shinobi black, 
  * cpu : intel core i5 4670k quad core # 140, 
  * memory : g.skill ripjaws-x memory memory 16gb ( 2x8gb ) 1600mhz # 100, 
  * video card : vtx3d x-edition radeon hd 7950 oc 3072mb gddr5 # 140, 
  * cpu cooler : corsair h60, 
  * storage 3/4/5 : i have 2 7200rpm seagate and a 5400rpm wd hdds, 
  * psu : ocz 600w bronze # 40, 
  accessories :, 
  * headset ( creative sound blaster ) # 30, 
  * keyboard ( mechanical razer ) # 100, 
  * mouse ( razer mamba ) # 40, 
  * soundsticks 3 from hardman kardon # 80 . 
  i also have for sale :, 
  * memory : corsair cmz16gx3m4a2133c11b vengeance 16gb ( 4x4gb ) ddr3 # 100, 
  * lan : devolo dlan 500duo plus ( i love this thing ! ), 
  * soundbar : lg nb4530a with bluetooth wireless speaker # 180, 
  * tv : toshiba 46tl963b 46-inch widescreen full hd 1080p led 3d smart tv with freeview # 350, 
  i am happy to wipe the drives and leave the windows 8.1 pro installed if necessary . 
  this has been used mostly for light gaming at 1440p with fantastic fps , and hardcore redditing . 
  most of the hardware is new ( under 3 months ) but the hdds are older from previous builds and the tower case as well . 
  edit : ok , you guys are absolutely right ... sorry first time posting here my apologies . 
  i have also fixed the formatting a bit and added prices . 
  below the imgur link to everything i am selling . 
  pm if you want to discuss for a full or partial sale . 
  if you have an idea of the smallest case possible that i can fit most of this into i would be very thankful for helping me keep it !, 
  i am hoping you can all give me a hand as i need to figure out how i can take this with me on the plane or luggage . 
  i currently have an oversized mid-tower , but would like to fit as much as possible into the smallest case i can so that i dont have to take it apart and sell it all separately . 
  i would then later on arrival either transfer it all back to a tower or keep it in the case if its efficient or good enough . 
  this is what i have :, 
  * monitor : shimian 27 '' 1440p pixel perfect ips, 
  * case : bit phoenix shinobi black, 
  * cpu : intel core i5 4670k quad core, 
  * memory : g.skill ripjaws-x memory memory 16gb ( 2x8gb ) 1600mhz, 
  * video card : vtx3d x-edition radeon hd 7950 oc 3072mb gddr5, 
  * cpu cooler : corsair h60, 
  * storage 3/4/5 : i have 2 7200rpm seagate and a 5400rpm wd hdds, 
  * psu : ocz 600w bronze, 
  fyi , i am in the uk and should be moving back to the us . 
  worst case is there any preferred shipping ( dhl/fedex/ups , etc ) that would actually not destroy it in the shipping process ? 
  thanks in advance !, 
  edit : of course , the monitor is for sale , and i wouldnt take the case . 
  additionally , i only really need to fit the ssds in the case . 
  hi all !, 
  i am currently auditing and investigating a small business ( revenues ~ $ 1m and op margin of 4-7 % ) to potentially buy out the owner ( who is looking to leave ) and run the company myself . 
  this is a small property management company that deals with hoa ( home owner associations ) , long term rentals , and limited brokerage of properties for sale . 
  the company has about 25 employees . 
  from my conversations with current employees it seems like everyone just wants the current owner gone . 
  it appears that the current owner does not trust the employees and breathes down everyone 's back ( thus having a massive turnover of employees for a long time ) . 
  the employees seem likeable , knowledgeable , and genuinely interested in their work , but seemingly underpaid , not incentived and generally dread coming to work because of the owner . 
  everyone is expecting the owner to leave . 
  the owner has managed everything and everyone with an iron fist and minute detail being analyzed from everyone 's work . 
  not to add on top that the it is pretty deficient . 
  i 've uncovered that the owner has basically limited the growth of the company , and generally does not know what to do . 
  there is no marketing , no active pursuing of new business or accounts , and relying completely on word of mouth or business from a single long withstanding relationship with a small developer . 
  thus growth has been stagnant for at least 5 + years . 
  i 've also uncovered that there are currently lots of `` personal costs '' of the owner being charged to the company . 
  everything from rent to landscaping of the owner 's home and the spouses 's life insurance . 
  obviously this will change , and open up cash for reinvestment in the business and the employees . 
  i 've found that if i took over , just in the change in management style would deliver some big changes as people will feel empowered to do more and to actually deliver on their jobs . 
  additionally , i would look to marketing and promotions to generate new business and empower employees to search for new potential revenues and client portfolio . 
  * what do you think of this opportunity ? 
  * do you think it would be a big impact if i am new to the industry even if i am only he managing owner and strategic head ? 
  * what costs can i actually charge into the company as i would relocate internationally to do this ?
