  - i am looking to better understand as a small business if this makes sense and what type of expenses could a small business owner legitimately charge to the company . 
  as the cpa that currently signs off this company does not seem to really provide much insight . 
  thanks for the response !, 
  we are looking to take over this existing business as it already has a settled client base . 
  i believe that we can take it from where it is and really grow this as the limiting factors is not the market , but rather the internal activities . 
  currently there is no social media set up for the business . 
  what kind of things do you offer ? 
  i was thinking of taking this on and running it myself to improve the marketing and the exposure . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  the current owner has not diversified the portfolio . 
  i am looking to give the current property managers some freedom to look for new accounts in different business areas not currently explored ( commercial and high rise ) . 
  yes its in the us . 
  apparently most building specifically mention the shar pei as a banned breed . 
  its sad really . 
  this is incredibly helpful . 
  i will save this to get back to you in a couple weeks !, 
  thanks for sharing the support !, 
  might be easier to just get the surgery now while they can take advantage of the long hair cover . 
  juventus-milan is not a derby . 
  juventus-torino and inter-milan and lazio-roma are derbies, 
  this is still today one of my favorite goals of all time . 
  we miss you ruud !, 
  i could not care less about the party . 
  if anything its perfectly fine . 
  he and the team need to loosen up and forget the atletico game . 
  it 's probably the best thing they could 've done . 
  it 's a shame , khedira has dropped so far in teh last couple years for real madrid . 
  i genuinely really supported him and wanted him to continue to succeed . 
  but if he refuses to sign a new contract and then when he is playing hes is so absurdly off his game there is little more that we can do for him . 
  i 've seen better players leave for less , so good luck and hopefully will always be a loyal madridista . 
  just wanted to point out that keylor knew that his was the top competition vs casillas . 
  he needs to step it up and he is here long term , not just for a season and run off if he didnt play in the liga . 
  i dont see casillas staying much longer and i think that he will leave to england or the mls either this summer or next , thus the club is looking for another top contender to compete with keylor . 
  everyone will always know the stadium as the bernabeu unless they ever leave to a new location , when it will build the florentino perez stadium, 
  i do n't see why this is a good back up . 
  we have carvajal as a starter . 
  why waste 25m on a bencher for cup games ? 
  carvajal needs competition , but this seems too expensive for what we really need . 
  why not llorente from the youth team ? 
  the google hath spoken, 
  ronaldo if he comes to the mls it 'll be to miami with beckham , ny , or la. 
  he should 've never left . 
  greedy father ruined his career by taking him to arsenal for the # # . 
  was y fifa 2000 that aldo let you flop ? 
  i love it finally simple and white on white, 
  almost makes you want to `` accidentally '' bring in common diseases to wipe out this unvaccinated race of knuckle-headed humans, 
  did ... did obama just thank me ? 
  god dammit . 
  i made my national totemist and it 's causing a mess in relations with the extremely aggressive european colonizers . 
  i do n't know how the hell they can pay for 5 colonies being settled at the same time . 
  try playing europa universalis . 
  my fianc\u00e9e calls it `` that fucking map game '' . 
  you seem to have a cat and legos set up . 
  you like to live dangerously . 
  none , because console peasants do n't see the light . 
  this makes no sense without including hwo many actual seats there are in the stadiums . 
  for example : the camp nou is a 98,000 seater , yet has an average of 71,000 with 72 % average filled capacity . 
  meanwhile borusia dortmind has 81,000 seater with an average rate of 80,000 makes it almost 99 % . 
  without this type of comparison the data is mostly useless . 
  these are far left leaning publications and nothing near what op requested . 
  you might as well have provided the podemos website . 
  the reason for this is that the figures are not comparable . 
  you can not compare total average attendance , but rather capacity rate is a better comparison figure . 
  without any additional details you can compare that the camp nou actually only reaches almost full capacity during major games , but most of the season it is vastly underutilized . 
  meanwhile the signal induna park has average attendance at 99 % of capacity , actually supporting the future requirement for stadium seating expansion and a larger more consistent fan base . 
  once you add on top the pricing differences of tickets you can better determine a pricing structure to drive the best price vs capacity ratio . 
  germany is vastly superior to spain or england in finding a golden ratio to ensure consistent max capacity to better utilize their stadium assets . 
  anyone have a short write up of karanka 's impact on middlesborough ? 
  thanks for the article !, 
  i 'm glad to see and hear that hes doing great !, 
  absolutely fantastic for him . 
  if he starts getting the idea of what he can get through continued hard work i am sure hell be a first team regular in a couple seasons at most . 
  i remember in vanilla i was blown the most away by ashenvale because of the conflict . 
  so i would say i 'd want it there for nostalgia and to pressure the horde to back off . 
  in reverse order . 
  i 'd love to do this once i move into the area in a few months, 
  thanks so much for the insight !, 
  incredibly useful . 
  i 'll have to look into it as i have to get a business line/contract for myself and a few employees . 
  this would make a fantastic chant at every game, 
  is this available on youtube ? 
  what a shame . 
  i found the one in south orlando during my last trip there and was very happy to have found it . 
  the employees were all super helpful and i found that almost everything was a fantastic deal at much better price than amazon or best buy . 
  its an absolute shame that this leaving us especially when im about to move back into the area and need to buy everything for my place . 
  watch him absolutely dominate and tear things up again . 
  im currently watching it in the uk . 
  the whole series is on here ... maybe just vpn to connect, 
  i dont like these , they look cheap and very basic . 
  i prefer the light grey with white we already saw . 
  shame i just reserved a flat already . 
  anyone unable to retrieve their pokemon bank gen 2 starters ? 
  it keeps giving me an error that i cant retrieve them at all . 
  i 've received everything as far as i know . 
  but it has that same error . 
  not sure where to go or check now . 
  i even deleted all the gift cards that showed what i 've received because i thought that it was the problem . 
  do you have any licenses already ? 
  do you have any experience ? 
  lets not forget czechoslovakia and yugoslavia also on this map !,
