  i am saddened at how much less intersting anyone else 's life is next to his . 
  i am saddened at how much less intersting anyone else 's life is next to his . 
  maybe we shouldnt compare anyone to messi , cr7 , maradona , pele , di stefano , etc ? 
  let each player set their own path and name ... usually all this hype ends up ruining careers . 
  fair tv awards to teams, 
  sell teams to multi billionaires, 
  buy top players at absurd salaries, 
  i am not sure its compatible with all eyes . 
  this is great news !, 
  corporations should n't block what you want to do with your money . 
  even if its donations to an organization that governments hate because they divulge their dirty laundry . 
  one of the worst refereed games so far this season ... that penalty and sending off was pathetic, 
  sorry controller , we dont know each other that well . 
  why does everyone want to play the same things again ? 
  you already know what 's going to happen , the controls were horrible back then , and technology allows us to provide a more immersive and intense experience in story telling and playing . 
  hell , if i wanted my kids to play any game 20 years from now , i would n't want them to play a remake , but rather play the original and enjoy it the same way i did . 
  remakes are just there to syphon more money out of adult players who want to replay their old fond memories in upgraded systems . 
  quite unfortunate how less and less people are willing to remember this ... 
  cl final vs valencia both of them had the defense going nuts and scored to win ( pellegrino , baraja , canizares , ayala , etc ) . 
  unfortunately with the orginal ronaldo 's signing ( one of the best power plays ever ) morientes went off to monaco and claimed madrid 's massive upset in semifinals . 
  sweet prince t-dog and lori arent major enough for you ? 
  merle and andrea/michonne have a death coming for sure as well . 
  i dotn see them killing off carl or anyone that major again during this season, 
  i had a huge issue with a bmw 645ci . 
  the vehicle which had less than 14,000 miles , but was 4 years old , suddenly had a transmission error . 
  this was caused by the trans leaking fluids , which wasnt picked up at a recent yearly check up . 
  all of a sudden errors , car stuck on 3rd , etc. 
  i took it into local bmw , and the best they could do was offer a $ 17,000 repair for a new transmission , and fix the leak , and an additional $ 5,000 for time and labor . 
  they confirmed the leak was not caused by the driver , but rather a factory issue on older 6 series . 
  they wouldnt take the car as part exchange for anything , or take any responsibility over a `` like new '' vehicle which had been purchased from them a year earlier . 
  learned my lesson , and as much as i love bmw , no longer purchasing from them . 
  currently im with an audi , which provides a hell of a lot more bang for the buck ( in electronics and additional equipment to the vehicle ) , and actually provides a very good ride and i am quite happy with it . 
  it 's already quite common the lack of basic schooling most footballers have since their careers usually come first . 
  also most players usually come from humbler families and tough neighborhoods . 
  this guy is an example of that and this is disrespect to wba fans and any football fan who is having very tough economical problems at home . 
  i for one do n't mind their salaries because we as fans have generated it , but this is nowhere near slightly funny . 
  i wonder if he would try to do the same if all that money on the floor was used to feed his whole family too . 
  living in chiswick here . 
  25 and 6 ' . 
  play most attacking roles but specialized for wings and forward positions . 
  this weekend might be a bit complicated , but can look into it . 
  is the idea to play 11v11 ? 
  feel your pain mate !, 
  i am new member as well ( but eve noob ) and i am not undocking for anything at all , just training and ready to get the hell out as fast as possible, 
  laudrup already was a great manager in spain in getafe and mallorca . 
  he made them play quite well , unfortunately patience in spain is quite short in allowing styles to settle and teams to flourish within them . 
  i hope he stays for a while and eventually picks up a big team to follow suit . 
  in other countries its even more lenient ; whereas minors get deferred sentences and will only conduct them if they get in trouble with the law again any time in the future . 
  these kids are getting off very lightly and its sad the justice system values more the futures of three thugs rather than the life of a 46 year old ** volunteer ** who now wont be able to support his family or kids , over a tantrum of a few teenagers . 
  correct . 
  regardless he was a great player and now a great manager . 
  hopefully we see more legends come through coaching just as well soon . 
  ommitted zidane , yashin and di stefano are you nuts ? 
  still one of my favorite goals of all time . 
  non-catalan barcelona fans are aggravating as hell . 
  all if a sudden they will start their whole mes que un club chatter and screaming `` visca cataluna '' like they understand the feeling or the history behind it . 
  some people genuinely get it , but most of gem turn into a hive mind that just repeat the same thing over and over and over like it was their own invention . 
  and sport/mundo deportivo becomes their go to news outlet and anything posted there is treated like the bible . 
  in their defense also non-spanish real madrid fans can also get out of hand especially when they get most of their news from goal/marca/as . 
  you know who are bandwagoners ? 
  suddenly new fans of chelsea ( post - cl win ) , man city , psg , etc. 
  also barcelona picked up a lot during the ronaldinho and now messi era . 
  latin americans tend to be very tight in supporting their teams , and generations will support one team or another in europe if they have some players within certain teams . 
  for example a lot of mexicans now also support man utd thanks to chicharito when before most still supporting madrid and barcelona due to hugo sanchez and rafa marquez being key players during the 90s and 00s in those teams . 
  if you go to colombia today they now have a lot more at . 
  madrid fans thanks to falcao , and so on . 
  it is quite common , but these fan-ties are very generation driven as well . 
  im sure he meant real club espanyol de barcelona !, 
  and that is great !, 
  it gives teams international visibility that otherwise they probably wouldnt get !, 
  honestly would you watch a villareal match if no one you wanted to support was in it ? 
  for example i watch swansea matches once in a while and want them to win because of michu , rangel , pablo , etc. 
  its a good thing !, 
  sao paulo is one of the largest clubs in brazil and south america . 
  they would have decent professional security and they have top class installations for players , staff , etc. 
  also sao paulo is n't generally known to have a violent fan base , unlike other teams . 
  lets keep in mind that the first leg was played in argentina the match ended 0-0 . 
  return leg of final in sp was already 2-0 in favor of the brazilians . 
  so its a very steep climb to attempt to beat them at home . 
  from what i managed to watch last night , the match started to get even more heated between players at that point , with hard tackles especially from tigres . 
  it would n't be the first time that someone cries wolf to attempt to discredit the winning side and try to force either a replay , or get the match thrown out . 
  not taking sides , but it looks more like tigres is trying to call foul and see what they can get out of it . 
  also in this link ( spanish ) : http://bit.ly/vcdpsl, 
  is an argentine delegate of the comebol association talks about giving the title to sao paulo and did not find the argentine team to have been attacked as claimed by tigres manager . 
  he does mention that one player showed a bruise , but there was no proof that it had happened during halftime . 
  arteta shouldve been there for years even as back up . 
  he hasnt even been called up yet , but instead barca b players have gone . 
  something clearly isnt working . 
  had just moved to chile for a couple years and went to play with work mates at a intra-companies tournament . 
  playing right winger , i was in shape and actually near the top of my game back then . 
  i was coming up the side and right when i was putting in a 3/4s center lobbed pass into the small area , one of their defenders ( must admit did embarrass him a couple times already ) , studs up right into my knee as i was meeting the ball with my foot . 
  knee bent backwards , yadda yadda yadda ( dont want to bore with gory painful details ) and obviously on the floor . 
  ref carded me for diving , and he got off scot free . 
  i was pulled out , 2 surgeries , and 3 years later to be able to even play anything again . 
  on the bright side the center connected a header and goal . 
  we won . 
  props for dbz reference . 
  reposted for 20th time . 
  not a real baby owl . 
  the article ( in spanish ) mentions that llorente 's contract ( 4 years ) is for $ 1.5 m a year plus bonuses .
