  can i lease a company vehicle ? 
  * anything i should specifically look for as i have the opportunity to be on site , chat with the employees , and check anything i want to ? 
  thanks in advance !, 
  hi all ,, 
  i am having trouble in finding any building or property that will accept panda . 
  apparently almost every property seems to have the shar pei on the banned breed list . 
  by these standards all dogs and cats should be banned !, 
  shar peis are not any more dangerous than almost every other dog . 
  its all about how its been raised and reared . 
  panda is absolutely loving with everyone and strangers and has never been an issue . 
  anyone else having to settle with something else because of this ? 
  i started a game last night , designed my small island nation in the caribbean and kicked it off . 
  i rushed for expansion ideas for colonists so i could start growing my little empire when all of a sudden i found castille and portugal already colonizing 4-5 provinces at a time before 1475 . 
  usually i have not seen in other games any european powers arrive until the early 1500s , but i 'm afraid that now they will just walk all over me as i have not had the chance to catch up with a random even that threw me into absolute chaos for 25 years . 
  anyone experiencing extremely early aggressive colonizing powers ? 
  hi all ,, 
  i 'm moving to orlando in the next couple months . 
  as usual moving bring along surprises and un-budgeted costs . 
  so i would like some insight . 
  i used to live in dr. philips in the mid-90s for a couple years while i was in middle school . 
  now i 'm moving into the area ( from abroad ) on a more permanent basis . 
  what should i go for wireless cell provider ? 
  i see verizon has the absolute best call/data according to independent websites . 
  and brighthouse is the best recommended for internet/tv . 
  is this generally right ? 
  also , i found a foreclosed property for a good deal that i might purchase as a landing home . 
  since it was built in the 70s it appears to only get horrible internet according to the brighthouse/comcast/uverse websites . 
  does anyone know if they would cable the property for fibre ? 
  or am i better off just getting a 4g router ? 
  keep in mind i 'm a heavy user of internet/gaming and would probably not get a full tv package as its quickly becoming unnecessary . 
  last thing ... i 'm looking to purchase a jeep . 
  anyone have experience with any of the local dealerships ? 
  thanks all !, 
  hi all ,, 
  i am closing the purchase of a small company in fl . 
  the contract was almost closed for the purchase of the company . 
  when the seller suddenly sends a new draft of the contract . 
  this new draft now includes a new point where the seller adds :, 
   buyer acknowledges that seller has certain retained earnings in the corporation . 
  seller shall distribute all such retained earnings prior to closing, 
   buyer agrees that excepting the corporation 's operating account , which will remain open and hold no less funds than shall be required to cover all/any outstanding checks/payments drawn upon the operating account , all escrow , trust , client fiduciary or other accounts of the corporation shall be closed , ; all funds , deposits , escrow monies shall be transferred in full to new corporation accounts established and designated by buyer , as of closing . 
  seller and buyer may agree to retain certain accounts , provided seller is removed and released from any fiduciary obligation or connection to such account . 
  the seller has now mentioned that her intention is to remove all retained earnings from the company ( from prior years back to inception ) and only leave the `` required to function '' . 
  this had not been discussed before and is new and is potentially delaying the signing of the contract past the loi agreed date . 
  my online research has described that this would not be allowed as retained earnings from prior years are now part of the company balance sheet ( shareholders equity ) and she would not be able to liquidate these bank accounts without putting in danger the livelihood of the company , and on top of that the valuation which was provided for the agreement of the purchase price of the business . 
  she has now moved this to a lawyer-to-lawyer discussion only . 
  this for us is a deal breaker if she takes this cash that belongs to the business . 
  does anyone have any advice on what to do ? 
  any legal/accounting feedback/documents that we can use to back us up ? 
  thanks !, 
  can anyone care to clarify if possible ? 
  my understanding is that cd project red has promised at least 16 dlcs for the witcher 3 . 
  they promised to never charge for any additional game experience , yet gog is charging and additional $ 25usd for an `` expansion pass '' . 
  i am a bit confused , this seems to go against the narrative i 've understood so far . 
  any help in clarifying ? 
  i am looking for someone to help via contractor to help me with my transition from current system promas to quickbooks for my master company accounting . 
  as a business owner i seriously do not have the time to do this cutover by myself . 
  if anyone has experience with promas and quickbooks i would highly appreciate the help . 
  or with any contacts that could help do something like this . 
  thanks !, 
  ps : based in central florida, 
  i just got delivered a new ps4 special edition with the taken king ( amazing wife i know ) . 
  as a new player familiar to mmos but not much to destiny , what do you guys recommend that i absolutely do , watchout for , avoid , etc. 
  is there any preference in class ? 
  i imagine most players are doing max level activities , so is there any way to really fit in with the community ? 
  played wow since 2004 and over the last few years the lack of real guilds really put me off . 
  i am hoping destiny is not a 2 week , beat and good bye game . 
  thanks !, 
  edit : thanks all for the insight !, 
  really looking forward to getting in game . 
  feel free to add me as well dj_xaval, 
  as a small business owner with 25 employees . 
  about 50/50 between hourly and salaried , what will mr. sander 's plans mean for me ? 
  will i spend more in employer contributions ? 
  will my employees become significantly more expensive ? 
  will my cost of doing business increase ? 
  if the minimum wage and other employer funded changes come into effect how is this effectively going to support an already hyper competitive industry where the service price to the customer is key ? 
  i 've done a lot of research , but i have n't fully found a clear answer explaining the cost/benefit to small business owners like me . 
  info : small business in florida , focused on property management with tight margins . 
  25 employees all american citizens . 
  all earn more than minimum wage . 
  we know kaka is definitely back ... but do we know whether baptista will get his first minutes today ? 
  hi all ,, 
  panda is now 7 years old , but our muscular wrinkly beast still thinks he is a puppy , but this is not what i am here to ask feedback about . 
  he has now been attacked twice , once about 4 years ago while on a walk with my wife , where a street dog came at them and he defended her ( about 10 stitches on his side that time ) . 
  then about a year ago at the dog hotel while we were travelling by another old dog who suddenly snapped , got him by the eye , the side , and the buttocks . 
  ( another 20 stitches total ) . 
  since the last time , when he is with us on walks or anything he gets very aggressive against other dogs . 
  he literally points and goes straight for them , no warning . 
  this had never been an issue before , but seems to have gotten more and more defensive/aggressive when he is with us . 
  this is becoming a problem as we would like to adopt another dog to keep him company , but we are concerned for that pup 's safety with him around . 
  also , it can severely limit his attendance at a dog hotel or even going to the dog park because hes developed issues with other dogs . 
  has anyone else had this or similar problem ? 
  any recommendations ? 
  [ removed ], 
  first of all , here are a few pictures related to what i will describe below ... http://imgur.com/a/sh2zg, 
  i picked up the game on direct download monday night ready to kick off . 
  honestly my expectations for the game was a much easier to handle of elite dangerous , with a lot more depth due to the massive scale expected . 
  turned on and suddenly found myself in a mostly barren planet . 
  no real guidance or tutorial , figure it out .
