  simeone has a predilection to sign argentine players . 
  just so far this summer adrian and costa have left ... both spanish nationals . 
  filipe luis is brazilian with spanish citizenship . 
  well , its the selling team that sets the price , and then you have to negotiate down . 
  players cost what they contract holding teams want them to cost . 
  there is little more to do of it . 
  yes , that is madrid 's barajas t4 international terminal for iberia/british airways . 
  source : i travel in and out at least once a month form there . 
  completely agreed . 
  happy cakeday , here have an upvote !, 
  whoops !, 
  i guess we consider him spanish already !, 
  he 's just been there so long and has citizenship since like 8 years ago . 
  i would be very interested to know what type of representatives and senators these different voters have been voting for . 
  for example are the older voters continuously voting for the same people keeping them in office for multiple terms ? 
  does the representative age and keep consistent terms with their voter base ? 
  on the other hand are young people voting for fresh faces into politics or do they follow the lead of their elders ? 
  without term limits we might just be subconsciously keeping the same people running our laws and regulations for their whole lives . 
  because at that age , if it works for you and your interests why change your vote to someone else ? 
  break transfer record on who ? 
  onyl major players he could get right now are cavani , pastore , balotelli , hamsik , sneijder , etc. 
  no proper superstar or anyone that would be worth that kind of money . 
  man utd needs to focus on signing some defenders and a proper cdm . 
  real madrid does everything via kitbag as a subcontractor . 
  so contact the store is the best option to resolve anything regarding the store . 
  also everything ships from the uk . 
  i have a us 3ds and game , live in london . 
  i went to a game store and it would not let me have the charizard because it 's uk systems only . 
  seriously wtf, 
  casillas , hand injury and suddenly he is no longer the glorious all saving keeper he once was . 
  marca and as are going to do anything in their power to keep casillas in the team . 
  through his wife and his friendship the press will find out everything as it has been for the last few years . 
  team set up before a game : press knows it , arguments in the locker room : press knows it , things said in private meetings with 2-3 people only present : press knows it . 
  then they spin it up with a pile of shit and sell it to the sheep most fans have become these days . 
  an absolute shame . 
  wow , that gif quality, 
  agreed completely . 
  wish all gifs posted here were this nice . 
  i went through this today when london up far cry 3 for the first time . 
  it was extremely frustrating . 
  this is a very common story of immigrants to the us , and always a very rewarding experience to read their journey to overcome these hardships . 
  one things i simply ca n't get around my head is how so many people manage to `` land with no money '' and have all the legal means to stay . 
  i am asking because i am a western european educated in the us , but i ca n't find any way to move to the us without a prior job offer or winning the diversity visa lottery . 
  can anyone care to explain a bit more at other options that are legal to emigrate to the us ? 
  my girlfriend was very shaken by this yesterday . 
  absolute shame . 
  i do n't think that anyone was expecting man utd to win this year anyways . 
  chelsea , city , and liverpool are still miles ahead at this moment . 
  maybe next year after all the signings settle in . 
  awesome wallpaper , care to share to your brethren ? 
  nice scouting there luis enrique !, 
  this ca n't be serious . 
  people do n't miss lass in madrid . 
  he ran like a headless chicken , lost a lot of balls in every game , half the time he was a liability more than support . 
  overall the fans were thankful he finally left . 
  he did not properly gel into the team and his only friend within it was benzema because he refused to learn spanish . 
  just like he did n't learn english in the premiership . 
  khedira arrived and no one misses lass . 
  it would not matter . 
  the ending will not care about the decisions taken . 
  some players are simply made for smaller clubs . 
  ai n't nothing wrong with that !, 
  illarra is his replacement . 
  time for ancelotti to start giving him real responsibility to grow in the team . 
  xabi already did more than enough for the club and i am grateful and happy of the time he spend with us . 
  i will miss him , but it 's time for illarra to shine and prove his worth . 
  it be . 
  for those who do n't live in the uk . 
  `` asians '' here are those from the indian subcontinent and near areas ( bangladesh , pakistan , etc ) . 
  east asians are what the rest would consider `` asian '' . 
  a # 555 price drop . 
  absolutely insane . 
  what is this comparable to in intel ? 
  does it work with asus sabertooth p67 ? 
  thanks !, 
  i just confirmed as well !, 
  i think illarra needs to start , he needs to see that we trust him and want him to succeed . 
  he knows he is the fittest player for that position considering that he did the full preseason and no international break . 
  with xabi leaving and khedira out no one can play the defensive game and drop between the cbs like him . 
  it 's his chance and he deserves it . 
  i fully support illarra . 
  do we have option to buy ? 
  same has been said about now legendary wait for half life 3 . 
  so amazing , i still ca n't get over how amazing it was . 
  clearly bethesda has other priorities with tes :o . 
  just give them some time , i 'm sure they will get to it soon enough . 
  being passed around like an ugly baby, 
  i could only hope they bring us a surprise soon . 
  how much ? 
  is it an original ? 
  looks amazing !, 
  is the original already sold ? 
  if it were only that easy to emigrate to the us . 
  there is no way you are customs and immigration . 
  looks to me like you are actually a recruiter for the army or cia . 
  are you also icelandic ? 
  he 's from barcelona , loves messi and guardiola and writes books about them . 
  i do n't see him very supportive of neutral of rm and additionally i ca n't see what sources he would have that would be better than anything in madrid already . 
  he made a wild rumor because di maria and falcao are both mendes boys in manchester . 
  in fave years we will see ramos , marcelo , and nacho,
