  regardless , it is amazing how a single player can sway a whole nation when playing in a top team . 
  for example : hugo sanchez in madrid and rafa marquez in barca , had mexico with stronger support for each team during those years . 
  now in terms of the original discussion :, 
  `` other than the uefa champions league final , it is the most followed club football match in the world above the milan derby , watched by hundreds of millions of people . '', 
  - wikipedia, 
  and i have read other reports claiming that the clasico is watched by over 500 million worldwide !, 
  other than that , i 'd love to have a well though out discussion on the matter . 
  bests !, 
  this team would still be awesome , and we can still add other great players like llorente , torres , borja valero , canales , rodrigo , soldado , pablo hernandez ... i could go on . 
  regardless the barcelona backbone is very important to the roja . 
  i went to college with your son , dakota !, 
  all the best buddy !, 
  little nephew of a friend ... 
  might want to rephrase the title . 
  eta are internationally known terrorists and killed hundreds of people for decades . 
  like also mentioned elsewhere , one man 's terrorists , another 's hero . 
  but eta is a terror organization not a separatist movement . 
  queen - another one bites the dust, 
  followed by killer queen while directly pointing at the murderer . 
  i currently live here in panama city , and i can confirm this . 
  i went to college with her in boston ( suffolk university ) and she was a pretty average girl ... no one really expected her to start working nightclubs or really even become some sort of youtube internet sensation . 
  overall she was an average girl , in an average school , and average social condition . 
  so yeah , pretty average . 
  my boss is asking me to explain why im laughing so loudly . 
  i could n't explain all about the glory of satan ... 
  im going to be living in west london i think somewhere close to qpr, 
  thanks tonynz just checked it out and it seems like a great option !, 
  ill be sure to run it through them !, 
  thanks so much !, 
  i went ahead and reserved with parkers cars for a little bit more than half of a taxi rate ... so i wont complain ... too many bags to tube it by myself, 
  thanks !, 
  left with the intrigue of what was said ... 
  redditors ... my little cousin was on that bus , can anyone help me find the names of the victims ? 
  so far the emergency lines only confirm that he was on there and nothing else ... 
  help !, 
  redditors ... my little cousin was on that bus , can anyone help me find the names of the victims ? 
  so far the emergency lines only confirm that he was on there and nothing else ... 
  help !, 
  i already called and confirmed he was on that bus, 
  we managed to confirm he was on the bus , but is not between the survivors , my uncle and aunt are having to visit each hospital separately to confirm he is there ... 
  the lack of information for families is basically null and needs to be done in person in switzerland, 
  fuck you, 
  i hope no one remembers you when you die you son of a bitch, 
  there is not information available anywhere , parents are travelling to switzerland ( uncle and aunt already there ) and having to visit each hospital separately to confirm identities . 
  actually my cousin passed in this accident . 
  thanks so much , unfortunately yesterday morning we confirmed his unfortunate and untimely passing . 
  yes , he went to the heverlee school . 
  my father and uncle already confirmed . 
  they are already back in leuven . 
  give your cousin all the best and thanks for doing everything he could . 
  he is also direct family of mine ... as a curious note msot of the family are hardcore real madrid fans !, 
  we are all spanish now , he was actually half spanish , half filipino . 
  he was the only filipino at least to my knowledge in the family up until now . 
  id buy that in a jiffy, 
  amazing !, 
  i must completely agree at this time for me it is by far the best looking reddit i 've had the pleasure to read . 
  bayern 1 - 3 real madrid, 
  sounds great ... im online right now adding you, 
  ill be waiting in the room for whenever ur ready, 
  thats fine ... im already inside, 
  thanks man !, 
  enjoy your electrivire !, 
  id love a mudkip or two !, 
  what would you like in return ? 
  being spanish and from madrid i can say as a madridista that we actually do not really care much for atletico anymore ... they 've basically become the annoying little rottweiler puppy the neighbor has ... barks a whole lot , but when you get inside it cries and whines . 
  regardless , atletico hates us a hell of a lot more , they rather lose to barcelona to hurt us , than worry about themselves . 
  ill be home in about an hour can we do it then ? 
  i want the mudkipz thanks !, 
  lol ... basically, 
  i want two tickets for the match . 
  what do i have to do ? 
  thanks buddy going to give it a try !, 
  thanks !, 
  been trying to get a home game tickets for the last few weeks with little to no luck thanks anyhow !, 
  yeah ive been following them hoping someone actually responds when i tweet them, 
  thanks again !, 
  great !, 
  ill write back when i get home !, 
  u available now ? 
  my fc is 0218\u00a01345\u00a05210, 
  think i ran into u in the trade ... did u show me a black rayquaza ? 
  i dot have much more than what i showed :(, 
  i 'd like an beneficial nature mudkipz, 
  still got evee and scyther ? 
  gary has really surprised me on sky , never expect him to be so thoughtful and respectful , especially unbiased . 
  i half expected him to man u everything , and that has not been the case . 
  apart from that his pfa team should not have rooney ( probably based off the fact he hasnt been carded this season rather than his 10 penalties ) , and that spot should be covered by aguero , who has had an outstanding first season . 
  even if thats worth discussing , only have rvp up top and include arteta in the mid with silva and yaya . 
  we could organize in london and based on locations we can make a west-north-south-east teams or mini leagues played locally , and probably get a playoff after that . 
  again it really depends on amount of people we can manage to get involved . 
  yes , thats exactly my idea ... and this can also have other redditors show up at the matches to support and the finals can be played during a massive reddit meetup for added effect and everybody wins !, 
  let 's start a thread or something to try to turn this a little more officially ? 
  with 57 upvotes and the amount of people involved we can work to create probably a london and a manc ( north uk ) leagues . 
  even without the heavyweights who are playing finals : mata , torres , javi martinez , llorente , iraola , muniain ... 
  this is still a very strong team and contender for the title regardless . 
  adrian has been spot on for atletico this season , and soldado has been great as well . 
  more surprising si the lack of borja valero and ruben castro ( villareal midfielder and betis forward who was top national scorer in the liga with 16 goals ), 
  thats a simple fix ... bring benitez back !, 
  i think i got a couple of these ... i need to check when i get home . 
  id love for a couple of these !,
