  shame . 
  great job !, 
  team purple represent !, 
  i can see it now ... enzo zidane in castilla next season for sure . 
  i 've been using this for over a year now and it was amazing . 
  last christmas i did a 28 hr drive and this was the only thing on my offline playlist . 
  cant begin to tell you how amazing that drive was . 
  lupita, 
  hi , yes i am aware , but they mention that they specifically only deliver to the area directly near the restaurant and not any further out :(, 
  makoto , byron , and canta napoli in chiswick would be amazing . 
  they only offer take out . 
  agreed . 
  looks absolutely out of proportion, 
  absolutely absurd . 
  9 games , fine . 
  but 4 months of no activity and blocking any transfer because of it is absurd and does n't fit the `` crime '' . 
  where are the bans to the floppers and the players who are violently trying to injure others ? 
  where is the ban for fred for his flop ? 
  for neymar 's and muller 's theatrics , for half of the cameroon for flopping all over the place ? 
  what about giroud and sakho yesterday for their flailing elbows ? 
  this is embarrassing fifa , fix the reason people are abandoning the game , which is cheats , floppers , and your absurdly embedded corruption . 
  if you want to actually make it in the us ( as blatter continously says ) you need to tackle the real problem , a 4 month ban to suarez does n't fix any of the real problems plaguing the game . 
  i am sure that zizou will give him a lot of play time , but also force him to work twice as hard as his teammates . 
  i 've been in a similar family/work situation and you really end up working much harder than anyone else to prove that what you get is because of your work and not any family involvement . 
  on another hard i am very happy to see that this announcement will mean that some top talent in castilla will stay like derik , benavente , medran , etc when they were on the chopping block because of the relegation . 
  what the fuck did i just read ? 
  didnt they release a jersey that was similar to this ? 
  correction : it is the centenial jersey for 2013 ... i want this so bad for my collection but i cant find it anywhere . 
  just found it on jfkapparel and they ship to the uk , just ordered !, 
  why does n't the us change their horribly ugly crest ( looks like a preschooler made it for a school project ) for this which is awesome and feels really patriotic and ` murican, 
  do you really want to hear this story ? 
  long story short ... i am spanish ( birth and family ) , grew up everywhere , lived a lot in the states , currently working in uk . 
  i would be interested to hear his routine, 
  ac milan announcement :, 
  translated :, 
   kaka , ac milan is over . 
  now it 's official . 
  the rossoneri confirmed all through this official statement : . 
  `` ac milan announces that it has terminated the contract by mutual agreement today with kaka . '', 
  the number 22 leaves the rossoneri milan , direction orlando , mls . 
  the player is about to leave in these minutes . 
  meanwhile , the resolution with ac milan , final . 
  so like david villa , the only player in orlando city mls expansion team ? 
  i read somewhere that he is going to play in sao paulo ( boyhood club in brazil ) until the mls team is ready . 
  similar to villa with melbourne . 
  so mino raiola already announced that pogba will not be leaving juventus this summer . 
  and all of the offers for vidal have been turned down . 
  right now i see carvalho first in the premiership . 
  he is really pushing to get traded to monaco in exchange for james . 
  in kaka 's defence , i really think that he did much better than anyone reasonably expected this last season . 
  anyone worth mentioning in the orlando city roster ? 
  and do what ? 
  replay the last 2 minutes and then extra time ? 
  this is absurd and nothing will come of it for sure . 
  which means a completely different outcome of the game . 
  this is what is pissing me off . 
  the priority of the show made to ensure that suarez was banned was huge , but divers like fred , muller , robben , and diego costa all get away with it and actually changing outcomes of games because of it . 
  i know what it means . 
  but any punishment to robben , does not begin cover the impact on mexico . 
  i would fully endorse a review of games for fake injuries , diving , and aggressions that were not picked up by the in-game referees . 
  i 'm obviously referring to the two bi-colored roof tiling . 
  what are you guys looking at ? 
  gosh !, 
  heck , they need players . 
  i 'll play if they need 1 more . 
  i had this same problem , so annoyingly that i cant even use online features in many games because of it that the ps3 has not been touched in over a year . 
  i love my pc . 
  anyone else see this and thought it was just a burnt pizza ? 
  thanks for answering . 
  i 'm 27/male/180cm tall/started at 96kgs goal weight is 80kgs . 
  i am consuming about 1600-1800 calories a day in similar ratios to those i mentioned above . 
  2kgs is considered good progress in a month ? 
  no one has seriously mentioned james ' rodriguez goal against uruguay this was pure class as well as van persie vs spain and gozte 's cup winning goal . 
  where is mascherano , and why is messi here instead of robben ? 
  what a surprise . 
  finally !, 
  what french teammates does he have in spurs ? 
  he has been at real sociedad for many years and is a youth product there . 
  his friends in the nt are benzema , varane , and pogba . 
  i do n't see what else he can get at spurs other than more money . 
  rs played cl last year , continuously improve and have a set play style . 
  he is a player with a huge potential , but so was lamela , who is similar and he did n't fit in . 
  not to burst a bubble , but i feel he would rather stay at rs than move to spurs . 
  el mundo is a very reliable newspaper and would not post anything like this unless its basically a done deal . 
  it is also worth noting that they have close ties with marca and the real madrid leadership . 
  this looks like a done deal . 
  also this morning someone tweeted a picture of james rodriguez getting on a flight from medellin to madrid . 
  in case anyone was looking for james picture getting on a flight to madrid from medellin . 
  [ unconfirmed ], 
  well barcelona is going to be difficult to field a lot is spain area too next season . 
  also psg , man city , man utd , tottenham , arsenal , chelsea . 
  most top teams have to be the most competitive possible so it becomes increasingly difficult to be filled with nationals . 
  bayern is a strange case , but they have a very aggressive policy to pick up all german talent from any german team , so many are not gown from within , but are german . 
  teams who focus on a lot of local talent have trouble when competing with teams with diverse talent . 
  athletic bilbao has very significant ups and downs , with seasons fluctuating from almost dropping division on the last game to fighting top 3 . 
  in the modern era it is too difficult , but i agree with you that uefa needs to so more to nurture national talent and i believe that the uefa youth champions league is a huge benefit for young players . 
  agreed . 
  barca still has a lot of spaniards , but many of their key players are now foreign : neymar , suarez , dani alves , adriano , bravo/ter stegen . 
  not all you mentioned your be starters . 
  atletico are quickly getting further and further away from it .
