  after both of them left we significantly dropped our defensive consistency . 
  this is quite interesting , england and france over the last 20 years have started to look more like them plus the colonies due to the influx of immigration . 
  i am not trying to cause drama or anything , but if we tried to imagine a france team without players that are the result of immigration or colonies you would only have griezmann and laporte left . 
  ( i do n't know about areola so ca n't say ) . 
  despite this , the team represents more and more the changing face of europe . 
  and that should be something to celebrate . 
  look at germany for example : klose , kuranyi , boateng , castro , mario . 
  this happened during our generation , as muller , voller , and beckenbauer 's germany you would n't have seen this . 
  investigating france , where would they have gotten in 98 and 06 without the likes of zidane , henry , vieira , and thuram . 
  it brings up the ignorance and hypocrisy of current climate when we support our national teams that are filled with the result of our former colonies and immigration , but we shut the borders and make it consistently more difficult to integrate . 
  i just think it 's a very interesting point . 
  while it was great , he is terribly inconsistent . 
  i very much rather that we give mayoral the chance to prove himself . 
  morata still has plenty of career time to prove himself top notch to come back . 
  recently i made a comment on how his positing as a destructive dm is the key to this team functioning . 
  i was called everything in the book because i was wrong . 
  ridiculous !, 
  real madrid ca n't function without a proper destructive dm as it did with makelele , alonso , and khedira . 
  the best madrid since 2000 have had this position always filled . 
  with casemiro you can rotate the font with anyone you like plus cr7 and success will be only a few goals away . 
  i hope zidane makes his starting position permanent and rotates kross , james and isco . 
  yes , modric is untouchable . 
  i love this music video, 
  first you have to make it there gerard . 
  let me remind you have to defeat atletico madrid and simeone , and forbid you do n't get bayern or psg in the semis ... 
  we have wolfsburg , which on a good day we should be able to handle . 
  i rather have almost anyone else than atletico at the moment . 
  semis we all have the same beasts to go over , bayern and psg and each other . 
  i would n't say that they have an easier time there than we do . 
  i 'd be interested to read more about this . 
  can you share some reading ? 
  i sent out a pm ... let me know some more info on the pup . 
  thanks !, 
  i think next season they need to give him more responsibility and minutes . 
  but again itll depend if we pick up any `` star '' from free agency . 
  honestly i am happy with the team we have if they just knew how to close games ... the vast majority of our losses this season were within 5 points in the last 3 minutes . 
  atletico has a very tough visit to athletic coming up too ... as long as we can win the rest ... 
  ps : we visit real sociedad as well !, 
  first i would consider the ones returning from loans , most importantly asensio and jesus vallejo . 
  now seeing that i would send asensio , mayoral , and odegaard to loan both together to espanyol or villareal . 
  teams were they will get loads of playing time and start melding together as they are the future of the team . 
  jesus vallejo should stay and start learning from ramos/pepe/varane the same way varane and nacho did . 
  i would bring ricardo rodriguez to back up marcelo , he is fantastic . 
  though wendell would also be a great choice and would be different from our current players on the wings as he would be the tallest of them ( carvajal/marcelo/danilo ) . 
  i would like to see us bring kante to compete with casemiro play it out for the dm role . 
  in the middle i feel we are covered with modric/kovacic/kroos / isco/james . 
  up top with jese/bale/cr7 / benzema/lucas vasquez is a bit weak with no real replacement for benzema . 
  i would bring in aubameyang to compete with him . 
  overall the team would have ;, 
  kroos/kovacic/modric / james/isco, 
  jese/bale/lucas / auba/benzema/cr7, 
  and we have one left spot for another canterano to fill the 25 . 
  this team would be much more balanced and would add multiple options of players depending on the opponent . 
  play the dms against barca/bayern/atletico level teams and more offensively minded against smaller teams . 
  lord arbeloa would move on to a glorious last few years in the mls to cash out an illustrious career before retuning to our youth system to coach . 
  i hear you out . 
  but nacho has always come through . 
  no matter the game he has always been solid . 
  i trust him more than almost any other defender out there . 
  if ramos wasnt so offensively minded and made stupid rash decisions he would be undeniable . 
  vallejo is the future of the nt and rm with varane . 
  he needs to start getting minutes and training with him from next season . 
  i actually personally know this guy . 
  he 's a peruvian matador named roca rey . 
  he is up and coming and will end up being a top matador in the near future . 
  he was caught and the bull tore part of his rectum and leg . 
  we were at the hospital right after in madrid hoping he did n't lose his testes or worse . 
  he 's a great guy , but he gets caught way too often . 
  the outfit is a cultural one . 
  it 's made exclusively for them to wear . 
  think of it as wearing out best for the fight for your life ... 
  there 's a lot more to it but that 's a short of it . 
  he 's traveling form venezuela or mexico at the moment but i can ask him . 
  but seeing the general hate against his life 's work i do n't think he would be very interested to just be bashed nonstop . 
  not sure why i 'm getting downvoted . 
  apparently knowing someone being gored by a bull is a bad thing ... 
  ... but when you know someone mauled by a bear you get an oscar ... 
  i 'll show myself out . 
  she does n't need a visa . 
  she has to complete an esta application at least 14 days before travel on the uscis website . 
  a quick google search will find it for you . 
  then you just fly in , they 'll ask for the esta ( first entry only ) and they 'll give her 90 days on her passport . 
  enjoy !, 
  absolutely . 
  i travel to the us quite often and now live there , and if you have travel history it usually gets auto-approved . 
  otherwise this could happen , which is why the 14 days is recommended . 
  to add additional weirdness , visits to most caribbean islands after immediately coming to the us also counts ( bahamas , dominican , pr , jamaica , etc. . . ), 
  i 'm still looking for the 2013 red long sleeve in l. . . 
  impossible find, 
  hopefully oviedo comes up ... they are a historical top level team recuperating from horrible management . 
  since slim purchased the club they 've been climbing quickly and playing well . 
  looking forward to seeing one of the richest men in the world turn the heliodoro into a top 5 team within a few years . 
  i am saving this because of this comment . 
  just saw their website i am amazed . 
  looking forward to taking our pup there . 
  i love lucas he 's fantastic . 
  no superstar but solid and with room to improve.lets also not forget nacho , always delivers and never complains one bit . 
  what does tenerife have to do with catalunya ? 
  - from a canario, 
  yes they were awesome back in the top flight ...
