  will you be available in a few hours ? 
  had seen something similar from a spanish designer some time ago ... must go and find it , brb, 
  not pictured : imaginary girlfriend, 
  that 's what you get to shopping at tesco 's, 
  like i mentioned i do not have anything crazy right now , most of the decent stuff is over in my [ 5th ] ... i need another ds to transfer all new stuff over ... so ill use soul silver to breed, 
  just saw the message ... let me connect my fc is : 0218\u00a01345\u00a05210, 
  got a spearow and a drowzee ... can i trade them for a male and a female ... preferably the male modest and the hasty female ? 
  on my way in !, 
  thanks !, 
  do you have an extra slugma lying around or camerupt or numel ? 
  perfect, 
  got a grimer a drowzee and a spearow , i think i have a few more u need lying around ... what else do you have that you would be interested in trading ? 
  great !, 
  thanks buddy that was fun !, 
  wish i had a few more to help you with , but they are still on my ss . 
  i will be there with a group of friends during the early stages fo the euro - 11 to the 14th, 
  other than the obvious football going on : what do you recommend to visit during the day ( when no games going on ) in kiev , and also best places ( areas ) for nightlife ? 
  the world cup 2010 brazil jersey also has an inscription behind the crest as well ... 
  i can submit a picture when i get home from work, 
  found out by coincidence while browsing hmv for anything interesting , and checking on my iphone that despite it release , no uk version was being delivered at all . 
  i did a bit more research when i got home , and was massively dissapointed . 
  reviews from fans and metacritic so far claim that the game is very good !, 
  this is a rumor that is unlikely to happen . 
  mourinho 's real eyepiece is for silva , who would make an insane partnership with xabi-ozil . 
  where di maria would probably be displaced to rotation . 
  mou also has repeatedly said that sahin is a key player long term for the team . 
  every young player has the right to an injured/bad season . 
  look at benzema , took him 2-3 years but if we had taken a rash decision because of his first year we would be kicking ourselves in the shin now . 
  sahin will be the same , i think that this year will be his to show us his talent from the bundesliga . 
  in the end ozil , sahin , and khedira were cheap transfers with great returns on the pitch . 
  i can confirm this was brutal . 
  during my time in ukraine , all i saw was 5 puppies , hiding and scared of any human that came near them . 
  this was late at night in a park in central kiev . 
  we did not see a single other dog at all during our week and half in ukraine . 
  agreed 50,000 is too much , but they should 've always had a population control . 
  not outright slaughter in the months and weeks prior to the euro . 
  it was wonderful to see madridistas caring for each other . 
  look at s. ramos and cr7 all match , after every foul or ball loss they were always friendly with each other . 
  pepe was also very caring with all of the spanish players ... even fabregas, 
  the really sad part is how badly the press from barcelona is using this to attack real madrid and their players when this is clearly a photoshoped fake . 
  this is being done for charity . 
  regardless to watch them train they will have quite a few visitors from la galaxy and other teams from the area as well as the national us team as usual in prior years . 
  this is nothing new either as many clubs already do this during international pre-season tours . 
  i am also very interested in this one but large . 
  i found the ebay one as galpin said , but its quite pricey . 
  you can also try netshoes.com from brazil , which ships internationally , but will also be expensive . 
  agreed, 
  are you sure this isnt just a bob ross painting ? 
  look at those trees there its almost like they are out little secret . 
  this is my new nicotine , my new wow . 
  i liked real madrid 's 2 seasons ago , the all white with navy blue stripes looked great and fit great as well !, 
  picture : http://bit.ly/okit7r, 
  someone at game freak should read this and give this man a job . 
  and while hes at it write the story for the new gen vi, 
  i do n't really like a lot of the ideas but theres a few that i would change :, 
  no zombie children , since this will not be approved by any board any ways in any form of killing kids even if its zombie kids . 
  so no need for this . 
  if you want midget zombies thats fine , or zombies torn in half if you want to shoot at the floor . 
  no supernatural zombies a la l4d2 . 
  the point of dayz is that its a `` realistic '' experience in an unrealistic event . 
  so i like not having to deal with tanks or jokers for once , and try to get by . 
  but , i agree that zs need to be made in different shapes and sizes ( imagine obese zombie or armored police/military ) . 
  death is too punishing , while it makes great sense how its set up , losing absolutely everything to panic or friendly fire is too harsh a penalty . 
  if anything we should be able to be `` rescued '' or `` saved '' in a similar fashion to l4d/2 so its easier to get back to your team , and get some of your gear back . 
  if this is going as a stand alone as mentioned a few minutes ago . 
  they could really expand the game world into a massive world so that you can have lingor/chernarus/and other maps all in a `` world map '' and the ability to travel between them . 
  would be a great idea if this turns into a fps/mmo style game keeping the basic concept and quality that it already has . 
  no dungeons or bosses , just survival , gunfights , and well our usual daily activities . 
  more environmental dangers , such as bears , deer , moose , wolves . 
  woods arent usually this safe ( especially during forest running simulator 2012 ) , and right now woods is a haven to hide from zs , travel , and scout for snipers . 
  let 's make them unsafe and arm those bears . 
  just two cents that have or probably have been mentioned already . 
  great news !, 
  hopefully it keeps the gameplay and basic ideas . 
  you dont want to stray too far from what made it successful . 
  i dont get how this is a `` title ambition '' ... should n't it be more like `` ambition to sign rvp '' ? 
  i think its misleading . 
  paying rvp rooney 's wages doesnt mean that you get a title in the bag . 
  plus this moves welbeck and chicharito out of starts if he does go to united . 
  rvp is a top quality player and could certainly make an impact at man utd , but i don think that the transfer would go through . 
  jesus , dont let me go back there ... 
  treble would be great , but a long shot . 
  its clear the top priority is cl then liga , then cup . 
  and barca , man city , psg , juve , and bayern are going to be in the way of achieving any of those three . 
  going to be a great season !, 
  havent seen nani 's dive posted yet . 
  prepare the trolls !, 
  we can be happy to share lass and carvalho they will get close to no playtime this year, 
  in english for any doubters . 
  this just appeared minutes ago . 
  no official announcement yet , but expected very soon . 
  some of the details just changed to sahin 's all of a sudden . 
  i read it multiple times and it was a story about his time in tottenham and early success in croatia . 
  then in curiosity , they wrote about the war , living in a hotel on an island during the war and how his grandfather died in it and his dad fought as well . 
  i am wiling to bet that once its announced that those will be the stories within it . 
  as an update it is still there in spanish :, 
  bio :, 
  curiosities :, 
  real madrid ( 2012 - ), 
  internacional absoluto con croacia,
