  here is a screenshot : http://imgur.com/yfbkq, 
  its worth nothing that if you go to it the picture and player name now just says : null null, 
  i hope sahin goes to arsenal , since he will be the center of the midfield with arteta and cazorla which will be amazing and a very touch and go style football . 
  rm and mourinho prefer liverpool due to his relationship with brendan rogaers and their lack of quality midfielders , making sahin a top choice to play a lot . 
  i really like sahin and i hope hes off for one year , do an amazing season and return ready to take his spot in the field with alonso . 
  honestly i am not a fan of modric and not what i would 've wanted for rm this season . 
  i wouldve prefered to have seen llorente , martinez , or fellaini signed before modric . 
  here is a screenshot : http://imgur.com/yfbkq, 
  i am seeing the same as well ... i guess i caught the it guy setting up the page for right after the announcement . 
  its just as bad that those videotaping didnt stop the driver and let the donkey loose . 
  the m/b doesnt seem to have integrated video as it doesnt have any ports for monitor connections ( hdmi , dvi , etc ) . 
  strangely enough , i 've never actually heard beeps out of this m/b , but everything within turns on as usual ( all fans , gpu , cooler , lights , etc ) . 
  when i disconnect the cable from the monitor i get a `` no signal '' error . 
  when i connect it back , it acts like its not getting any `` movement or data '' and the monitor goes to sleep mode . 
  it doesnt seem to be an issue with the monitor , its more with the desktop itself . 
  dwight voice :, 
  wrong !, 
  lt. surge is a giant !, 
  this doesnt clearly show his massive height . 
  that is part of the crazy thing in this situation . 
  tested last night and it beep ` ed ( its very very faint to hear over all the fans ) . 
  there are no error lights coming on , and the hdds seem to be working . 
  i can say over the last couple weeks there were times when booting up that they screen ( post bios ) would tear and split with graphical glitches , or get really blurry . 
  i updated all the drivers yet again , and it would happen from time to time , and it would go away after some time . 
  i really hope that the m/b or the gpu didnt die off . 
  i am looking to upgrade case though , since this one is horrible for cable management , regardless of the awesome cooling . 
  and if i am going to have to change the m/b might as well do it along , but i find it hard to believe that this is purely a hardware issue . 
  thanks again for your help and ideas to look for a solution . 
  i will continue to update until we find something that works . 
  a thousand times agree , amazing movie , amazing acting , and worth it all around !, 
  was thinking of getting an ssd and moving the os into it . 
  would that be enough and use the hdds to just keep the games , music , and movies ? 
  currently the 560ti is running modded skyrim at 50-60fps , unless i was able to sell for a decent price and make the 7870 or 7950 for not that much more , i dont feel it would make that much of a difference at this time . 
  anyone have any thoughts on watercooling ? 
  how much did setting up watercooling cost ? 
  thanks !, 
  good news !, 
  it seems to have fixed by interwebz magic !, 
  i came home , took it all apart , and all back together again ( gpu , ram ) and strangely enough it came on and got signal again . 
  now my sound card ( identified ) isnt providing any sound whatsoever to my speakers ... dammit, 
  because everyone can get behind supporting a pair of boobs . 
  now on the serious side , it is very publicized and it is becoming more and more common for women . 
  i support breast cancer awareness , and basically any form of cancer awareness and donations because regardless of the form or type they are horrible . 
  qpr is putting together a decent team from other club 's `` leftovers '' hopefully they put in a good season , im going to follow them this season more closely, 
  not only because of how amazing it was , but what it meant ... in comparison to most of the other goals posted lately , this one was quite meaningful as it was in a cl final . 
  doing what he did takes massive cojones at one of the largest games in football . 
  i am laughing so hard and i can not explain my co-workers why ... 
  ut probably has huge sales of 50 shades of grey , but they are kept under covers, 
  i know lots of mormons from living all over the world , and they usually went to school with me . 
  why do you tend to marry so young ? 
  also who funds the evangelization trips ? 
  cheeseslaw is epic man ... where did u get this served ? 
  anyone have a recipe for it ? 
  yes , i go to waitrose or sainsbury 's ( uk ) and they sell fresh tuna every two days . 
  i usually pick up 2 steaks . 
  i look for the darkest red freshest looking slices . 
  go home , wash them in cold water , slice them in thick slices and get low salt kikkomann . 
  cost about # 6-9 or $ 10 . 
  for top sushi quality ( or better ) tuna , it is quite filling and delicious and costs an absurd fraction in comparison to sashimi at any sushi location . 
  and clean up is a breeze !, 
  ps : i also do with with fresh salmon steaks or go 1 tuna 1 salmon and go crazy !, 
  i dont purchase from asda . 
  for something as delicate as fish i try to only buy from top retailers ... 
  if you find quality at asda tuna be sure to let me know !, 
  very excited to see sahin getting playtime and improve liverpool !, 
  seeing all the popularity , i will do this again later this week and post a picture guide to how i do it ... there really isnt much to it !, 
  where do i sign or pay extra ? 
  wait ... isnt this an governator movie ? 
  meowth !, 
  thats right !, 
  this already sounds like fm12, 
  chocolate glazed all the way, 
  hell hath no fury like a woman scorned . 
  i actually hope 4chan gets this, 
  so you like to pretend that you are always fighting foreigners ... what is the problem exactly ? 
  is this for real ? 
  is he trying to appeal to the gamer fanboy swing vote ? 
  jese and morata not have to be officially written up as per uefa rules players under 21 do not to be registered if they come from the youth system . 
  i see this happens all the time , even to the point when they dissapear from the screen all together, 
  personal tragedy as self promotion , and priorities subconciously is gf  house  close friend passing ... 
  sorry your personal priorities do not seem to be in proper order . 
  where do we sign ? 
  hi , sorry for the stupid question , but what is that cooling pad that you have on your cpu ... ive been seeing it recently in a few builds , and im not very familiar with it . 
  also what cases are most recommended for cable management ? 
  i currently have a good case , but its a nightmare for cable management and cables are everywhere !, 
  is it easy to set up ? 
  does it need any other peripheral systems for it to work ? 
  sorry to ask so many questions , but quite interested in de-cluttering and improving my build . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks so much guys this is very helpful . 
  i am thinking i should upgrade case to one of these that are bigger and better for cable management . 
  right now i have an raidmax quantum atx-798wb case which looks nice , but it is horrible for cable management and feels absurdly tight . 
  ill upgrade to one of the corsair cases that people have used here . 
  its a typhoon when it takes place in the pacific . 
  hurricanes only take place in the caribbean and atlantic . 
  very much prefer the red or the purple, 
  rare ? 
  a picture of a fallen tree in the sahara is rare , this is one of the most common composite pictures on the interwebz, 
  in spain its called `` supercampeones '' i grew up watching this show as many kids of my generation ( born in mid-late 80s ) and got us all in a football crazy since an early age . 
  we still talk about the never ending dissapearing field , the `` falcon kick '' , jumping off goal posts , oval footballs , and single plays that lasted a full 30 minute episode .
