  one of my favorite goals of all time . 
  i just picked up season tickets . 
  hoping the team turns into a playoff contender and continues to grow !, 
  going the the game tomorrow . 
  who else is joining me ? 
  i run a small company in florida and certainly very interested in getting an update to our logo and design . 
  pm me please !, 
  thanks !, 
  i got this same tribulation a few months ago . 
  i ended up selling the parts or returning for a good price and then rebuidling with new parts on arrival . 
  it allowed me to do upgrades on what i needed and not worry about the safekeeping of so many parts and awkward questions at airports as to what is this and why woudl you carry this around . 
  shame that james is not going to be there !, 
  i was there at the amazing game vs almeria . 
  if you look closely i am behind the goal on james 's amazing goal . 
  i 'm sorry but those are fake . 
  they sell them everywhere in spain usually for kids . 
  as a jersey must always be adidas even the shirts . 
  no rm official store will ever sell these . 
  i 'm spanish and you see these from street vendors to airport duty free shops . 
  with the crisis in full swing and official adidas gear costing a solid 60-120 euros people simply could not afford it . 
  even less when you have to get it for a child who is going to outgrow it anyways . 
  giving my dad a birthday treat so 90 a pop but they go all the way down to 30 . 
  its an absolute mess that we cant use uber from the airport . 
  i am happy to be charged the extra $ 1 tax to get picked up by uber . 
  from my place to mco is $ 12-13 usd the damn yellow cab to the same location is about $ 42 . 
  pathetic rob of money, 
  fifa ratings are ridiculous . 
  fm15 much closer to reality in my opinion, 
  i 'm ok with this . 
  i rather keep him healthy at home for the long season . 
  additionally brazil is right now in an intense investigation for corporate interests actually picking out the national team based on who they wanted to do marketing with . 
  which would also partially explain the horrible pathetic call ups int eh past few years . 
  the question is not whether he should return or if we will pay for it . 
  i would go along with , will he want to ? 
  he has already said that he is happy in juventus and that they gave him the opportunity to get the minutes he wanted to play . 
  if he comes to madrid he will have to battle them out with james , bale , benzema , cr7 , jese , isco . 
  i 'm sorry but its a tall order to ask a young player to come back home and battle it out with such heavy weights for a spot that is not guaranteed . 
  he might come back for a season and then leave again like negredo and soldado both did in years past . 
  florentino has made a big bet in a young player of his quality . 
  he is still only 16 . 
  he is not going anywhere . 
  he will help lead castilla to segunda with zidane , enzo , mayoral and be one of the leaders . 
  maybe next season he will share minutes with the first team and the castilla or outright go to get minutes in a team such as betis or villareal were he will be allowed to be the creative player that he is . 
  barcelona is going to regret supporting this movement . 
  if they end up on their own liga it will be an end to their current structure and position . 
  real madrid can still compete with atletico , sevilla , valencia , athetic . 
  but barcelona will have really espanyol and girona . 
  to get back into la liga they will have to go into a similar structure as monaco where they will have to pay further for the ability to compete in our competition . 
  additionally as supporters of this independence movement they will not be as warmly received around spain . 
  once iniesta leaves there is n't really anyone left that spaniards would support in barca . 
  a lot of people already see busquets , pique , and jodi alba as c * nts . 
  so maybe leaving to their own puddle is the best they can do . 
  exactly . 
  hes not going to pressure to return either . 
  the fact that navas has been fantastic and clearly was in better form than casillas last season . 
  but no one dares compare the two . 
  casillas leaving was the best that happened on the field in the last couple years . 
  ps : love casillas but after his hand injury he simply was n't the same . 
  not an atletico fan , but this is huge . 
  becoming financially stable while pulling together a strong team shows the team is doing the right things . 
  the best thing atletico can do is keep simeone happy and there as long as possible . 
  i feel a different coach simply wo n't work in the organization at this time or the near future . 
  absolutely agree !, 
  but certainly got the base to continue growing . 
  being able to bring young and great talent into the mix . 
  simeone is a miracle worker considering what he started out with . 
  to me the moment things turned around was when they spent the money on aguero when other teams were afraid to spend 20m on a 17 year old . 
  i have no need for shiny thing i 'll trade, 
  i recently moved to orlando . 
  i just watch at home on fubo.tv, 
  i 've been looking for a team to join . 
  for me the most important thing is consistency . 
  so once something is up and running . 
  im there !, 
  are we forming a little reddit team now ? 
  never played any of those games , but hey always interested !, 
  i would honestly recommend both locations . 
  seville is beautiful and offers a lot of post-medieval europe feel . 
  toledo will take you all the way back to medieval spain . 
  so they are very different sights . 
  as you are going to cordoba you might as well go to seville . 
  it is about a 2-3 hour drive from malaga . 
  toledo is actually about an hours south from madrid . 
  i recommend these locations more than gibraltar . 
  pm me if you need more details . 
  we have a a house near gibraltar and family lives in madrid . 
  is this how to win ? 
  just do this ? 
  wishing all op 's were this amazing . 
  yes please . 
  ive been looking for a group as i am new to the area and dont know anyone . 
  count me in please !, 
  no one wants to include gravesen ? 
  i know it 's not exactly , but i have a iphone 6 mint 64gb and with cover and gorilla glass . 
  hi there !, 
  i must say that we recently found that our shar pei also has fsf at 6.5 years old . 
  most importantly : do n't panic , your fear and panic will stress out your wrinkled family member, 
  the key thing you really need to focus on when not in a fsf attack is basically to keep him on a diet that has as little protein as possible . 
  i have mine with banana treats from blue buffalo and the longevity meal from blue buffalo . 
  the teats have 8 % protein and the meal has 18 % ( one of the lowest i 've found by far !! ) .
