  as spain you managed to get allied with france . 
  that 's amazing , in my game they have all but created the full country and they are a massive pain to deal with , armies with 43 units rampaging through my land , and colonizing everything the sun sets eyes on . 
  they also keep starting coalitions against me that all of africa keeps joining . 
  i hate france with a passion . 
  simple , go for the bigger one with stronger ties , take over the smaller for benefit . 
  i can also see that option go south very quickly, 
  maybe his wife looks like a venusaur . 
  im sick and done with france ... never had any relations and all of a sudden -200 diplomacy score , coalitions , insults , warnings , everything all around for being at peace for 50 years ... 
  i will have to speak for my dog : `` woof '' he says thanks , i love the dark purple tongue, 
  tottenham have done such a great job with signings this summer i might even pick them in fifa once in a while !, 
  they could 've also signed a couple defenders , as i feel this is now their weakest spot . 
  they are very different players . 
  regardless i saw willian live last year with shaktar vs chelsea at stamford bridge and he was a beast . 
  lamela is also very fast , lots of pace , and a great player . 
  both great signings , but willian simply feels it doesnt fit into chelsea starting 11 right now . 
  easy to close with galliani , good friends with florentino perez . 
  i do not see perez releasing him free unless hes secured himself a first refusal on el sharawy or balotelli . 
  kaka has been confirmed by milan . 
  they made this choice so easy ... they should offer mudkipz too and see all hell break loose, 
  i made it into the barcelona youth system for benjamin c in the early 90s , i only stayed one season as my dad 's job moved us to russia . 
  sadly this was the 9-10 yr old group and no one from that group made it pro from the kids that i remember . 
  does anyone know if somewhere there is a list of all the kids per age group going back all those years ? 
  just tried to join , but the sire is horrible and barely works . 
  pepe gives stern look to busquets ... it 's super effective , busquets flops !, 
  di maria and alba run into each other , they are confused . 
  they hurt each other in flopping confusion . 
  pepe wins . 
  maple leaf in covent garden are my favorite . 
  mondays are 20 for # 6, 
  mine dispatched on saturday and not here yet ... they usually deliver my preorders early ... oh well i guess ill have to do so at the same time as most of everyone else ... 
  mine was delivered to someone else in my building . 
  i confirmed with royal mail and amazon sent me a replacement completely free of charge . 
  this should not be a big issue . 
  pique did not complain about this ref when he also gave barca an undeserved win against sevilla last week . 
  atletico madrid is not a team that should be talking about canteranos at all ... 
  real madrid : 9, 
  atletico madrid : 5, 
  i expect arbeloa lo phase off and probably leave at the end of this season to somewhere with less expectations ... 
  this was simply not a penalty , if it is , then every single tug and pull should be one . 
  the ref was horrible and everyone expected him to be after the barcelona-sevilla game in which his refereeing was also appalling . 
  it should 've ended with the tie 1-1 , and yellow cards for both pepe and sanchez . 
  real madrid should not be holding matches to 1-0 and benzema should be no where near the starting line up . 
  would make sense for a shiny charizard to keep the color palette as well . 
  so much better ... 
  i still prefered the gallintoad though, 
  rather get half as many that are so dissapointing . 
  who buys two version of basically the same game ? 
  edit : lol i meant game not day ... sorry brainfarting at work thanks / u/rayquaza384, 
  you guys actually make a point , having both versions can give you the liberty to play the game again from scratch without losing your save . 
  ps : they really need to add multiple saves already . 
  awww man !, 
  got ta get me some then !, 
  better clarify that all my games are us , i lived in the us most of my life and do n't plan to stay here forever . 
  also it was about 40 % cheaper than getting it here . 
  yes i do . 
  done on purpose, 
  199 cnd vs 199 usd vs 179 gbp ... canada wins ... plus my 3ds and all games are us, 
  thanks interweb bro, 
  postage was 30cnd and no tax on entry ... 
  i hear his contract is almost up and is not very keen on staying in manchester ... is this true ? 
  this must be a master troll post because i have not read something filled with so much hyperbole , misconceptions , and lies in a long time . 
  if steam machines is freely upgradeable , has proper support , maintenance , and community , it might just replace my gaming pc and any other systems . 
  for now it is still far from that , but a very big step towards it . 
  where is victini ? 
  i am confused , is there a pattern i am missing here ? 
  lonely , what is that ? 
  the greatest plan since nic cage stole the declaration of independence, 
  if it lands on the side do we wait for z ? 
  just when the 3d would make a difference in making the game look so much better . 
  if you get version x i will trade you my starter ( your choice ) for your charmander with x stone . 
  if you are getting y , then ill trade it to you for a squirtle . 
  some one might just [ owe me ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sf3hni0.jpg ) a z whenever its complete !, 
  i imagined [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmuge8kddgi ) playing over and over and over in my head . 
  tl : dr star wars cantina band . 
  tea party propaganda ... couldnt get any better . 
  i do n't know who you are , or where you live . 
  but i will find you . 
  $ 9.99 with 10 new pokemon , 5 megas , and 2 new caves !, 
  i hate paid dlcs , unless it actually acts like a full expansion like the good ol' days . 
  in b&w and b&w 2 you could not buy ethers and full revives ... being extremely annoying in grinding and e4 for some . 
  call me crazy , but i am pretty sure you could buy it up to gen 3 or 4 . 
  i remember stocking up in revives , hyper potions , and ethers every time i 'd go against e4 . 
  10/10 could watch all day and not get bored . 
  this is a work of art , beautiful . 
  i guess i havent leveled them near enough then !, 
  thanks for the detailed link !, 
  that would be wonderful ... just saw a post of a npc mentioning that we will see hoenn in `` due time '', 
  isnt thsi august 10th ? 
  if they are british troops and use uk date standatds its the 10th of august , 2013 . 
  call me crazy , but i would happily trade benzema for chicharito . 
  he wants a new challenge and experience a new league , he has already wont everything a player can win with barcelona and spain . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with him wanting to lower the pressure and try something new at this point in his career . 
  fans are way too greedy and forget players are also people with families , lives , and different aspirations . 
  thanks for saving me a scroll !, 
  god forbid the players start feuding with each other up before a match !, 
  i am sure that this guy has lots of fm13 experience . 
  i can already see his first scouting report :, 
  sell : everyone, 
  buy : ronaldo , messi , falcao , rooney , rvp, 
  even then , the top ones are already key players in their teams .
