  other shows at that time in spain was st. seiya ( caballeros del zodiaco ) also with a very similar anime stye . 
  the rest were spanish cartoons which were next to horrible . 
  seeing our lack or decent shows watching football cartoons was a great attractor to the youth . 
  edit : grammar . 
  he 'd be in that line up before pedro , villa , tello , alexis without a thought . 
  barca fans are quick to demonize anything from madrid . 
  actually in matches without ronaldo `` more attractive according to some '' football has been played but a lot less goals . 
  thanks for the notes , i will reconnect tonight when i get home ... got pulled away on some personal things yesterday ... thanks a lot guys !, 
  i think we lived in barcelona around the same time my friend !, 
  i remember being quite young ( im from las palmas but canario/madrileno ) and watching tv3 for doraemon , caballeros del zodiaco , supercampeones , dragon ball , and david el gnomo , the classics of the best generation ... 
  kids these days can not be inspired to anything with current cartoons !, 
  only born , but family from tenerife in this case , i would slightly support both teams , but tenerife more . 
  looking into it now actually ... thinking og a 3 way set up , but not sure if my gtx560ti can handle it at full spec, 
  it does n't get any more superb than that, 
  yessir ... sky player allows you to pick up to 4 simultaneous matches, 
  and this is why i do not watch , or support any award shows since a few years back, 
  what would brian boitano do ? 
  dont want to sound bad or anything . 
  but i think romney has this one ... i can not recall a single `` african or black '' person in the whole pokemon universe . 
  this is a great article and a must read , i 'd love to see this type or article on cr7 so that people can get a more insightful and honest look at these two players . 
  rather than the bs that is force fed by the media and some bewildered fans . 
  i can only imagine this with sexy saxman playing kenny g, 
  already redeemed on pc wont work, 
  these guys are simply assholes ... kd like to see their boss do that to their paycheck, 
  regardless this is great news ... malaga is a welcome sight to sore eyes in the spanish liga , and hopefully atletico can maintain a good team and dont sell falcao , but instead build around him . 
  spanish football is a great watch but it needs more worthy competition to the big two to make it even more interesting . 
  good to hear , my gf was very annoyed after watching that video . 
  i laughed , but she wanted to pass on her message . 
  we also have dogs and love them to death . 
  she gets pissed at me when i play similar tricks on them . 
  i 've never used fish oil with my dogs , never heard any vets mentioning it either . 
  your 's seem to love it . 
  might just give it a try . 
  and a champions league under his belt too, 
  atletico just needs to get their finances in place ... getting the gil family out and focusing on getting young talent and training it right would be great for them . 
  valencia is too much of a financial mess to take care of at this time by anyone . 
  malaga needs more investment but a potential 3rd team in spain already . 
  sevilla is highly annoying to the rest of the teams in the liga . 
  tenerife or betis are great options due to beautiful cities , lots of history , and marketing potential is much larger . 
  im sure players would love to live in sevilla or the canary islands all year while continued champions league and such . 
  unfortunately every week matches are at least a 2-3 hr flight minimum . 
  hello . 
  my name is inigo montoya . 
  you killed my father . 
  prepare to die . 
  ciao milano , seria a is degraded and juve are back on top . 
  milan have a ton of spending to do to return to being a top team , and are no where near securing that level of funding . 
  time to relocate to another league . 
  ( and i like milan , so its sad to see serie a and milan is such worrisome state ), 
  you maths is bad and you should feel bad too . 
  i can get on now ... are you available ? 
  what server do you prefer ? 
  yes im here right now, 
  awesome thanks for the spoiler, 
  rojadirecta.es or . org works wonders too, 
  not yet , i can be available later today if possible, 
  anyone still able to give a hand ? 
  thanks !, 
  is n't michael owen missing from this list ? 
  since 1996 the list has usually matched and the same player usually won both awards . 
  sammer won 1996 and then from there nedved and sheva also there . 
  everyone else is rm or barca former players . 
  barcelona might 've saved on massive signing fees with messi , xavi , iniesta , etc. 
  but they have the highest combined salaries of any team in the world , and they also have the highest average salary of any league as well . 
  i 'll be back when i find the data that was posted in a recent debate . 
  edit : found the link !, 
  i agree with you , rm 's spending over time is quite stable , and onyl made minor changes . 
  also this doesnt include player sales . 
  i recall it evens out the scales a lot more . 
  i 'd like to point out that all the figures dont look exactly right , becuase coentrao had garay go the other way , and modric was less than 42 . 
  once you start adding additional increasing costs in fcb 's contracts due to weighing their increases and bonuses on titles won has actually put some trouble on finances due to the amount of bonuses paid out . 
  you can watch the laporta documentary ( which was a great insider look at managing such a massive club and its internal revolution ) . 
  fcb 's cheaper over all transfer market purchases has been covered with great masia promotions ( a generation like this wont happen again so soon ) , and higher wages than its competition . 
  id have george the llama vote before sport or mundo deportivo, 
  dude , do you even lift ? 
  or raul or casillas , or iniesta , or xavi or seedorf or pirlo ... we can go all night, 
  dont forget that barca having a massive revenue and `` lower '' transfer costs ... 
  where is all the money going ? 
  because the club has n't turned significant profits in years and has a massive pyramid of debt as shown by rosell when he came to power . 
  where is everything being spent ? 
  because masia costs are cheaper than valdes ' salary . 
  watching punto pelota lately ? 
  carme barcelo is quite nuts too . 
  actually financials supplied by the teams arent very clear either as they never split out first vs junior teams and staff ... their expenditure lines read very top level . 
  as a finance professional its some accounting i 'd like to get my hands on . 
  i watch it for the laughs and their transfer `` stories '' are absurd and nothing they 've said has never really panned out to happen . 
  it feels like a bar fight between rm and fcb fans half the time and really aggravating because everyone talks over each other . 
  i watch it from time to time , or listen to it while at work , hearing all the bickering helps time go by quicker and realize how many `` journalists '' there are and that anyone can be a `` sport journalist '', 
  i loved hattrick which i played for years , until using an ipmasker vpn , seems to have mixed by `` connection ip '' and they claimed i was cheating having multiple teams from all over the world and closed by account no questions asked . 
  i tried to present it nicely and proved it was clean and they refused to help . 
  great game , shit local gamemasters . 
  i live outside the us and i watch all my serious on www.cucirca.com always there quickly and great quality, 
  the stories follow the same arc , but the characters and some side stories are quite different . 
  enjoying both tremendously just like with game of thrones . 
  tearjerker all the way, 
  good luck hammers !, 
  huntelaar , probably didnt get much play time in spain to fully settle , didnt do much in italy and is doing amazingly well in germany, 
  we could really go on for hours ... italians dont generally do well in england , or germans/brits in italy , etc etc. 
  messi also was shown with a free palestine t-shirt . 
  glad to see people take their stand and support something other than their paychecks .
