  i do n't have much entrepreneurial experience , but this is the time and the year i want to do this . 
  not just for me , but to help and simplify things for others . 
  thanks !, 
  i move countries quite a bit for work and right now i 'm living in the uk and will be doing so for some time . 
  i have just received a pal uk wiiu for my birthday . 
  i already have a us wii ( and other systems ) . 
  will my us nanchucks and games work on this wiiu ? 
  i understand the pal/ntsc issues , but that should have been long gone with the hdmi and hd televisions . 
  for example my ps3 plays uk and us games ( albeit different users on the system ) . 
  will the wiiu region lock me out of the us games i already have ? 
  thanks !, 
  whatever happened to tyrese and his group after rick went a bit crazy ? 
  did they straight up leave the prison ? 
  should we expect them back ? 
  damn jut when i was really starting to hope we got tyrone to stay !, 
  hi all !, 
  i have built my third system about 2.5 years ago now and i think its overdue an upgrade . 
  but i want some feedback on recommendations to do so in a good manner and without blowing the bank stupidly . 
  to add to this , the cpu is also cooled through a closed system water cooler . 
  first of all i 'm looking to upgrade the case to a thermaltake gt10 . 
  been thinking the gpu , and probably the ram would need to upgrade . 
  any special ssds best recommended to purchase ? 
  i would also love to go 3 monitors of possible , but not sure what extra hardware i would require to be able to do that . 
  thanks in advance for all the advide !, 
  need some guidance to be able to properly attach the case cables to the m/b if possible some pictures would be best !, 
  thanks !, 
  just finished setting up my new gaming pc ( third build ) and having a few issues with not getting any signal to the monitor . 
  the guts :, 
  mb : sabretooth p67 b3 revised edition, 
  cpu : i5 - 2500k, 
  gpu : radeon hd 7950, 
  sound : x-fi platinum, 
  hdd : 1 samsung 840 205gb ssd, 
  1 seagate barracuda 1tb 7200rpm, 
  1 seagate barracuda 500gb 7200rpm, 
  cpu fan : corsair h60, 
  psu : ace atx 750w switching psu, 
  case : bitfenix ghost, 
  os : w8 64bit, 
  back to the problem :, 
  just finished an upgrade from gtx 560ti ( deleted drivers before removing , and left previous drivers ready to install ) and the previous mb was an asrock p67 extreme4 . 
  the ssd is also new coming into the build ( replacing the wd ) the 1tb barrracuda is also new ( added 2 weeks ago ) . 
  the case is also an updrade from an antec 300 . 
  now i got everything built , tested to turn on and run , etc. 
  but i can not seem to get the gpu to give any visual signal to the monitor . 
  i have used all of the ports , and no luck . 
  i am starting to think the psu can not provide enough power and might need to upgrade to at least a 1000w . 
  could this be the problem ? 
  anyone ? 
  happy to provide any extra details , pictures , info . 
  thanks in advance !, 
  hi all !, 
  quick question . 
  my guild has decided to transfer servers . 
  my main toon ( coming back to wow after a hiatus ) is a lvl 88 , which has had its name for years !, 
  unfortunately in the new server ( high pop ) there is a lvl 1 never played saving the name . 
  i opened a ticket to request if i can get the name released for me . 
  anyone have a clue whether this will be a possibility ? 
  thanks !, 
  hi all ,, 
  was hoping to not get to the point that i would have to post and ask for help , but not much of a choice now :( . 
  ill try to summarize :, 
  upgraded my m/b and gpu to a sabretooth p67 and a hd7980 , also switched the os hd to a samsung pro 840 . 
  my wireless received is a netgear a6200 . 
  reinstalled os , installed all drivers and everything works great expect for the internet speed !, 
  i have a contracted 40mbps , yet the pc is only really getting anything between 0-8mbps at very random amounts . 
  i have other computers at home , and none of them have this issue at all , they are all getting 30-40mbps . 
  at testing there is nothing else connected at all . 
  i already did the following :, 
  changed power properties for max performance, 
  changed windows network utilization to 0 % ( this is the dedicated for windows updates ), 
  no firewall , and no 3rd party anti virus , nothing else connected . 
  removed all other software from start up, 
  same speedtest results on chrome , firefox , and ie , all settings are medium for privacy and security . 
  again all drivers are the latest and windows 8 appropriate drivers . 
  i dont know what else to do . 
  anyone else have this problem at all ? 
  it is starting to get extremely aggravating . 
  started having this issue a few months ago ... 
  it is not a hardware issue my computer is top of the line ( 16gb ram , hd7980 , ssds all around , 3.2 ghz i5 , etc. . . ), 
  i have searched far and wide in the interwebs and found nothing so far , anyone here have the same problem and got it fixed ? 
  this is what really keeps me excited , that with a proper wifi capabilities of the 3ds and the x&y , we might actually not be getting as many new pokemon and legendaries as we could actually see further upgrades , zones , and releases via web ? 
  i would be happy with an update for difficulty increases , new pokes , event releases ( no more queuing at stores for many ) , and really expand the post-game for many . 
  this is the reason why i think it might be `` lacking content '' from the get go , and add more after they can review more player gaming patterns , popularity , etc. 
  / discuss, 
  my vivillion is absolutely insane , super fast and hits like a rock . 
  leading my team with sleep powder , infestation , and psybeam ( im only lvl 35 right now ) . 
  have bug buzz for anything that resists the psychic attack . 
  it is absolutely owning everything in the game . 
  the only time it has gone down was for a very fast rock slide . 
  i love my vivillion , stays on the team as long as possible . 
  this is the full parts list ... not everything was bought at the same time as some parts i 've had for a few years already , such as the cpu , the non ssds , the peripherals , etc. 
  i currently have the monitors set up and quite happy with them . 
  but i am looking to upgrade to an ips 2560 monitor/s . 
  any recommendations of anything that i should upgrade immediately ? 
  any recommendations on a monitor upgrade ? 
  if you are in london and would like the monitors i 'm happy to sell to fund the ips !, 
  [ pcpartpicker part list ] ( http://pcpartpicker.com/p/1yb1r ) / [ price breakdown by merchant ] ( http://pcpartpicker.com/p/1yb1r/by_merchant/ ) / [ benchmarks ] ( http://pcpartpicker.com/p/1yb1r/benchmarks/ ), 
  type | item | price, 
  ** cpu ** | [ intel core i5-4670k 3.4 ghz quad-core processor ] ( http://pcpartpicker.com/part/intel-cpu-bx80646i54670k ) | $ 199.99 @ microcenter,
