  holy crap was he driving ? 
  any news on this yet ? 
  first time i see this . 
  true love and a real connection , so many of his players feel that way with him . 
  too bad the press just wants to put him on a crucifix . 
  i always point and either acknowledge or hug whoever gave the pass . 
  otherwise you are a egomaniac twat . 
  always sucks to do the whole play make he pass and have someone simply poach it or tap it in and then celebrate like he is the best player in the team . 
  im sure his guild has blackjack and hookers . 
  9/10 would join . 
  that was a spicy meatball . 
  went to dinner at this plane food restaurant in heathrow terminal 5 . 
  food was amazing , staff and service was superb , and i actually found it cheap considering the quality , taste , and service . 
  gordon gets two forks up from me . 
  you are missing out on a lot more than just salary . 
  benefits , income taxes , schooling , travel , company car , stock shares , bonuses , 401k , pension plans . 
  also salary increases across the organization will eat up any of the difference . 
  once you start adding up all the costs of the vp of a major fortune 500 company you will quickly rake up to at least $ 1m or more . 
  the $ 4.5 m if it was covered means there had to be more than a single vp hired and/or additional increases . 
  it does not sound from your / u/dasnoob comment that he works in finance or accounting , but rather posted hearsay . 
  there is a lot of information missing here actually , dasnoob would not even know whether the vp is an ex-pat or not , and also how long the person has been with the company . 
  i assure you an ex-pat very experienced vp would certainly cost a company more than $ 1m . 
  if we are looking at a corporate level vp ( usually higher ranked than local or regional vps ) its going to be very expensive , especially if its in a major metro area such as nyc or la. 
  i have many years of experience working in finance and accounting ( including budgeting and people cost expenditure ) for 2 top 100 companies . 
  let me give a quick example as well where it can easily surpass $ 1m, 
  salary : 250-350k ( net after taxes ), 
  taxes : euro taxes between 40-50 % + ( company would not pay the full amount if vp based in us , but rather pay local income tax , and the difference needs to be accrued over time to ensure they can cover any litigation from gov ' t original country of ex-pat , if french this goes up to 75 % ), 
  schooling : $ 10-15k for international private school ( do not expect vp to send their kids to a local public school ) this would be cost for 2 kids ( 1 in middle school and one in high school about 4-6k each ), 
  car : $ 35-40k vps would usually have a company car as per local/expat company policy in this car . 
  they usually would get either car value or a monthly additional pay to salary to cover cost of vehicle ( not including maintenance/gas benefits ), 
  health insurance : $ 2-5k has to be covered by company through a 3pl such as cigna international . 
  stock : most competitive companies in fortune 500 will offer a stock award plan based on job delivery incentives . 
  since i dont know what industry or company this is we can imagine this will be between 10-25 % of salary . 
  this is a long term incentive by the company to keep the employee for a long time . 
  as maturing period to be allowed to sell usualyl area 3yrs +, 
  bonus : anything between 20-50 % + gross pay ( fully taxable income as well ) for delivering their targets for the year . 
  they can split whether receive stock shares , salary , or move to pension plan at no tax deduction cost . 
  others : there 's plenty other costs like mentioned , travel , cost of living ( if in developing country with security/quality of life issues ) , etc. 
  i can assure you a well rounded vp of a major fortune 500 will cost over $ 1m . 
  whether its an expat or american . 
  but always the expat will be significantly more expensive for the company , thus requiring better and bigger results as well . 
  we arent mentioning salary , but cost to the company . 
  you would very rarely see salaries over $ 1m, 
  like we said , there is a lot of information missing from the op in this thread . 
  these numbers can vary between different industries and size of company , and their internal policies . 
  for people not familiar with balkan country flags , it will be an episode of : `` who 's flag is it anyways ? '', 
  he left germany for al-sadd last year, 
  when are we trading pokes ? 
  anyone know if this is going to be passed on tv in the uk ? 
  panda is almost 4 years old , hes amazingly well behaved , and loves people and children . 
  could n't ask for a better dog , friend , and partner in crime . 
  that is just blatant ignorance . 
  considering spanish clubs also get tested by uefa and fifa all the time . 
  nothing on asia or africa ? 
  this was extremely useful to get back up to date after so long without international action . 
  would like to see this extended . 
  as a pup he ate eukanuba which made him grow like a horse !, 
  hes one of the largest shar-peis anywhere by far !, 
  now as an adult i have him on : proplan adult dry dog food sensitivity with salmon & rice . 
  its the black bag with a shar-pei and a dalmatian on the cover . 
  it 's not any more expensive than other brands , and it has done wonders for his coat !, 
  barely drops any hair , and he loves the food . 
  mix in some rice every now and then ( when we accidentally cook too much ) . 
  thats my recommended food . 
  just be sure to switch him over a few days as usual to avoid any tummy issues . 
  looks like the pussy messed with the wrong cock . 
  thanks for the quick response bro !, 
  the psu is the only one that i was able to get here where i live . 
  i will try to get a gold rated corsair or something via amazon asap . 
  and test from there . 
  thanks a lot again !, 
  will update asap . 
  update : went out and got a new psu , gold rated corsair 800w etc modular . 
  still no signal to monitors , and getting red lights on motherboard on both sides of the ram, 
  dont forget netherlands has former colonies and current protectorates ( guyana and a few islands int he caribbean ) , which probably help their average quite a bit . 
  immovable object fc vs cf unstopabble force . 
  though a clear impossibility mathematically the game would probably end in a low scoring tie . 
  or if the fans are also 100 % behind each team chanting the whole time . 
  this annoys me in game . 
  i build a city anywhere = `` you grow too fast and everyone wars you '' . 
  ai builds cities as they please and you tell them not to = `` screw you i do as i want '' . 
  and then everyone friends them . 
  meanwhile i got a red diplomacy on everyone for it . 
  this is so annoyingly broken it isnt even funny . 
  what do you mean by steal a worker ? 
  from another civ going to war ? 
  and catherine of russia !, 
  thanks !, 
  had completely left out city states !, 
  hi , i just met you . 
  i am in the complete opposite part of a huge map . 
  i covet your lands , and you expand too quick for me . 
  i must denounce you along with everyone else and go war with you . 
  do you have 32 or 64 bit windows ? 
  what is your steam name ? 
  watching this match was aggravating as a neutral fan . 
  the ref was horrible . 
  and the second goal was clearly offside . 
  thanks for the heads up !, 
  i 'll see what i can do .
