  after roberto carlos left , he had to step up and until mourinho he did not explode . 
  i am canario and i do n't consider myself more canario than spanish . 
  i do n't know anyone that feels more canario than spanish , but there is intense and massive pride in those who succeed form the canaries . 
  screw their hunting . 
  if they are n't going to eat it , they do n't need to kill it . 
  go to winter park , enjoy a walk on park ave and lunch/dinner on the green and enjoy the weather, 
  they really train them quick at can barca, 
  awesome saint seiya cosplay !, 
  wait , so now we have sherman , lynch , and peterson interested in signing ... wtf is going on ? 
  we are going to have a dream team going for the perfect season and another sb win ? 
  basically everyone wants to play with brady . 
  are you also in section 19 ??? 
  we saw that happen in front of us and a couple drinks started cursing collin out . 
  not sure if you or coincidence . 
  nice !, 
  row b here !, 
  the guys cursing where in row a not he middle . 
  really unnecessary though and thought he was hilarious . 
  shame . 
  i remember that guy , but there was someone else next to them we saw curse out collin . 
  bartaco in dr. philips is awesome, 
  and sport/mundo deportivo have pique as their editor in chief, 
  atl\u00e9tico is a tough team , but we 've always perseveres against them over two legs . 
  the games will be tough , aggressive , and low scoring , so we have to be decisive every time we 're up in front of goal and compact in the back to protect form griezmann and saul . 
  the largest groups watching is europe and the americas . 
  when they tailored more games for the asian markets they simply start too early and it is very hot in spain and such the quality is worse and the players hate it and fans can not attend and you would have empty stadiums . 
  also the best game watch day is usually the last game of the day , thus it ca n't be played earlier . 
  well , they go and submit after he 's served one of the three games he was suspended for . 
  absolutely stupid decision by fcb . 
  the excuse they gave in the media about not playing him against real sociedad was `` player rotation '' . 
  absolute bullshit . 
  at this point i. 
  was hoping they play him and the refs do n't call the game for illegal lineup and automatically lose 3-0 . 
  the suspension was handed a week and a half ago , not yesterday . 
  attempted to play the system last minute and pretend they had legal precedent when they clearly did n't . 
  should 've done like everyone else and challenged the decision form day 1 not 12hrs before . 
  stupid strategy that obviously was n't going to pay off . 
  benzema has been great , but at this point he takes the club for granted and has become stale . 
  morar\u00e1 is n't a big name to compete with him and he knows he has ronaldo on his side to always pressure to play with thin first . 
  when benzema is at his best , wow , he 's amazing . 
  but when he is half asleep , wasting balls , and trying to play one-twos by himself then he does what he did yesterday ... take up space and produce nothing at all . 
  we seriously need to consider a real 9 like aubeyang , mbappe , bellomi , etc. 
  barcelona have suarez as this position , we do n't have a killer in the area . 
  considering ronaldo 's age and drop in pace and stamina he should naturally move to the 9 , opening his position for a hazard or griezmann type player , but we know cr7 ca n't stay still , and would continuously wonder to the edges . 
  zizou needs to find a solution past in the summer . 
  honestly i like this team better . 
  cr7 and benzema take up so many lost balls they become incredibly predictable . 
  this team , with navas in goal , ramos and carvajal for nacho and danilo , and switch in modric for kovacic would be incredible . 
  sounds like what erdogan said in turkey ... 
  no thanks !, 
  exactly what i would want . 
  i think getting rid of james at his age of 25 is a mistake . 
  what wonderful piece of news to get a dirty scoundrel out of the game . 
  i am 95 % sure this is the stop in richmond . 
  i used to pass this daily for years . 
  if recognize it anywhere . 
  not surprised , and there are stairs for pedestrians to pass . 
  this guy is an asshat . 
  yes , it 's sheen station at richmond next to the sainsburys !, 
  that is the bridge i was referring to . 
  it was put there about 4 years ago . 
  my family are from madrid and we 've been involved with the club for at least 4 generations now . 
  at this point my cousins who still reside there are still season ticket holders . 
  i also have two great uncles who played for the club in the 40s and 60s as youth team players who made the first team . 
  each had a few games , but nothing amazing . 
  they went on to have great careers at other clubs in spain . 
  the detail above makes no difference at all in getting anything from the club . 
  i 've tried to recover my grandfathers and fathers member details so i could be one , but if they are n't alive and active it does n't matter whatsoever . 
  shame . 
  why would anyone willingly leave the most successful club in the world over the last 5 years ? 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  i get morata , probably will follow conte to chelsea . 
  great , more time for asensio , isco , and lucas . 
  pepe goes to inter , now vallejo has time to develop with nacho , sergio and varane . 
  coentrao goes , replaced by theo . 
  and marcos llorent comes to share time with casemiro . 
  navas goes to be replaced by de gea . 
  all moves that make sense . 
  if bale goes for whichever reason , that money will be dumped on mbappe or hazard for sure . 
  all these moves make sense . 
  let 's all remember that it is an election summer , but no one will be able to stand up against uncle flo 's accomplishments . 
  looking forward to next seasons awesome team . 
  they would n't be recognizable to most fans , but rather not publicize . 
  i do n't want to be identified like that . 
  my favorite part is how the late night tertulias in spain had the anti-madridistas arguing that the ball was not in the right location because the foul was less than a meter in front of where the ball was . 
  madriditis runs so deep i love seeing them cry and moan . 
  but it does suck that basically everyone is anti madrid and they are all ok with barcelona . 
  we see it in player sales and the media . 
  you should be able to file a complaint , but it becomes a civil matter between the two homeowners . 
  the hoa approved it and so did the city . 
  i suggest you make your case to the arb and the board , but you might have to lawyer up and fight your neighbor on this , and have an association specialized attorney to review the documents to make sure that the deck is against the requirements set forth in the ccr and declarations . 
  i want him to stay he still has a much higher ceiling . 
  if he got a haircut he might seriously improve his shooting . 
  i am sure it throws off his balance . 
  if it has n't been approved the hoa can involve attorneys and force her to tear it down . 
  just because she started the work does n't mean it has been approved . 
  anyone else waiting for dickbutt and disappointed ? 
  we do n't need him at all . 
  with marcos llorente to compete with casemiro , isco , james , kovacic and asensio . 
  honestly i would n't change the team at this moment , there are very limited handful of players that could improve us .
