  ps : no i am not a giant guy , the case is small and i have big fingers to get into all the nooks and crannies, 
  i was going to say , nice collection , and sweet home !, 
  also need to analyze the reality of what the ban for real madrid was for . 
  it was ridiculous . 
  they banned madrid for zidane 's children , achraf , and a couple venezuelans who never signed or played with the team , but were only scouted . 
  the ban on madrid ended up being so ridiculous that on the first appeal it was overturned with no comment . 
  and as mentioned it literally had no effect on this season or the team . 
  barcelona had been signing players from africa , asia , and elsewhere about 15-20 of them . 
  some of them famously are still in barcelona but unable to train or play . 
  basically stopping their development and hopefully not their careers . 
  atl\u00e9tico has 185 violations !, 
  and when you see a lot of their youth players like thomas , are all africans and from elsewhere . 
  so their appeal was going to be extremely difficult to fight back . 
  ps : for those with questions , zidane lives in madrid full time , but two of his kids were born in france , and achraf is spanish/moroccan born in madrid . 
  exactly , pretty insane situation . 
  which is why it was thrown out so quickly . 
  but shame on fifa on cutting promising player 's careers by making them ineligible to play because their clubs messed up big time . 
  fine ... not , but i do see ac milan hopefully getting their groove back . 
  i miss the hell out of them in the cl . 
  cr7 and the back of the net . 
  are security supposed to gang up and beat the hell outta someone ? 
  looks more like a gang beating than security taking control of the situation . 
  this is a huge buy . 
  kaka ' level for milan . 
  this kid is genuinely special and will have the opportunity to develop and be a fantastic talent . 
  i am looking forward to a strong milan again . 
  jesus will be fantastic , and getting experience from ramos and varane it will be great . 
  prices are getting absolutely out of control . 
  we need to create a more fair system for valuing transfers . 
  i understand 100 % that players are worth what clubs are willing to pay for them , but this completely makes teams that arent massive and super rich unable to compete . 
  it becomes a market for them to develop players for the super rich clubs . 
  could n't uefa try to implement something similar to the nba or nfl system ? 
  if teams had to trade assets and cash it would help mid-table and smaller teams compete . 
  imagine that to pick up verratti , barcelona had to trade in maybe 1-2 players plus cash as part of the deal , and players are valued on their contracts . 
  is this new ? 
  could this have been the original intended entrance to the firelands ? 
  this is what happens when you have such a shit agent in raiola who only cares about the money . 
  no , that 's vallejo 's position . 
  danilo and coentrao missing ... ? 
  varane is the starting with ramos , pepe became back up this last year , this makes vallejo the 4th cb with nacho 3rd . 
  si las palmas is no longer an option ? 
  i would send them diego llorente , achraf , and mariano along too to complete their training before returning home . 
  i do n't agree with mariano to lyon . 
  learning a new league is tough , especially as a forward . 
  i would keep him in spain where he will be more comfortable , but getting loads of minutes . 
  or sending him to monaco as part of the mbappe deal as he will take a lot of minutes there to cover for him . 
  hopefully kaka can use his charm and whip him into shape as he has done with others in the team . 
  so if . 
  a player like pique , alba , cesc , etc leave , finish their progression and training elsewhere and become true professional players in other team , why do they will call them masia graduates ? 
  they were sold before graduating because they were n't good enough for the first team . 
  maybe i do n't get it , but would n't it be much scarier if the figure did n't have a shadow ? 
  would creep the hell out of me if something does n't have a shadow when it should . 
  meaning the paranormal is more obvious to one that is n't expecting it . 
  maybe i 'm just reading too much into it ... 
  he 's quite similar to third year tottenham bale , fast , goes hard on the ball , and has a great shot too . 
  beautiful , but if i ever looked up and saw that in the sky , the end is probably near . 
  honestly impressed that spanish teams are n't going for him this cheap . 
  espanyol , betis , valencia , las palmas would greatly benefit from having him . 
  i 'm amazed that the mantis not just caught the bird , but also that it has the strength to hold it while upside down with nothing really there to cling unto . 
  absolutely insane imho . 
  krychowiak would add defensive stability behind that shiny new midfield and in front of bonucci . 
  would love this transfer . 
  ben arfa would be a poor mans deulofeu replacement . 
  very interested my friend , as we literally do n't do anything and we need help . 
  pm me details and we can discuss . 
  thanks !, 
  that is an amazing looking jersey . 
  just jumped to top of list for this coming season . 
  achieve something ? 
  more like hopefully avoid relegation !, 
  the team is absolutely playing badly , and by far the worst player last match was tavares junior . 
  so anyone that can displace him off the team is godsend . 
  incredibly saddening . 
  ht really helped me get through a lot of issues back in early high school . 
  barcelona has that problem . 
  horribly mismanaged . 
  real madrid in the other hand had capital to spare and has paid off the vast majority of its debt . 
  is that borja 's head photoshopped on modric 's body ? 
  i love pique the player , and stand pique the person , but this man deserves a damn statue at the camp nou . 
  deserves to run for president of the club and remove the garbage that has led this club since laporta left its presidency . 
  all players form our youth system but modric, 
  similar to mine , but i have the i7-7700 for shits and giggles, 
  man pure bs , carvajal is one of the fittest guys in the squad . 
  spaniards love our dogs and we are more dog-friendly than cat loving . 
  parks are always filled with people walking their dogs and in general people train their dogs well enough to keep them off leash at parks . 
  stray dogs are uncommon , but more likely in the south of andaluc\u00eda rather than in the north . 
  it 's still a garbage newspapers that never hits an actual story . 
  two years ago i used to pay $ 1200 at sodo for a 2/2 . 
  now i own my own home and after utilities i pay slightly less . 
  my cousin is looking for his own place and a 1/1 anywhere barely dropped form $ 1100 , and 2/2s jumped through the roof . 
  orlando is growing , but the rent is growing too fast . 
  would pay good money for that real madrid or milan kits, 
  in dr. philips there 's a few apartments that would work on turkey lake road . 
  donald is that you ? 
  gen. kelly wo n't let you install a gold toilet at the wh ? 
  well , anything is a sandwich if you want it to be . 
  one happy doggo living in a very very dirty apartment, 
  $ 3m if i remember correctly while h was playing in second division . 
  he stayed the rest of that season and then was lined to espanyol before coming last year . 
  no it is n't .
