  i am pretty darn sure that he was asking athetic bilbao for $ 4.5 m. 
  he is currently earning $ 2m and it does n't make sense to lower his salary all of a sudden . 
  the point of running out the contract is to be able to negotiate a higher salary not lower . 
  can anyone clarify what is going on ? 
  still waiting for majora 's mask hd as well !, 
  please correct me if i 'm wrong but have n't noticed any announcements for it . 
  would it be that much harder to port from 3ds to wiiu as they have done for wii with other titles ? 
  i for one would enjoy playing loz on the big screen . 
  yes way man, 
  again , its total bs . 
  marca is in a massive campaign against mourinho , the same way they did against pellegrini and other coaches/players in the past . 
  they are mad at mou for not providing insider information , and shutting their links into the internal affairs of the team . 
  so their response ? 
  sensationalize with lies to sell more papers and try to sway a good part of the local fanbase/members into their ploy . 
  i am done with reading all this bs from marca , as , sport , and md. 
  i prefer to get my team news from independent sources like defensacentral , bernabeudigital , and soymadridista who all have been much better and less bs regarding real madrid . 
  hopefully you do the same . 
  ps : florentino perez will have a press conference at 1pm ( madrid time ) . 
  it is being rumored that he is going to finally take a swing at the media ( especially marca ) for all their defamation and lies over the last few months . 
  roncero loves mou to death and stand by him . 
  this wouldnt come from him . 
  alfredo duro on the other hand ... 
  you should see the sport covers with beckham , zidane , cr7 , kaka , etc. 
  sensationalist title to try to get more karma or something ? 
  this is not worth posting like that . 
  both are insanely good , very very similar and would love to have either in my team . 
  unfortunately not sure they would be very effective with both together . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  spaniards have two last names ( paternal and maternal ) in this case torres is his mothers maiden name . 
  would 've loved to see him in real madrid , but juventus is a great team and deserves to have him . 
  that is how it works in brazil and some other cultures where the maternal maiden name goes first and then the paternal last name . 
  so then they usually travel to the us or other places their last names get jumbled up into last names and middle names . 
  for example one of my brazilian exs : was d. lima pan ... lima was her maternal , but in the us was used as her middle name . 
  my current gf : m. bisetti and ... where considering her maternal last name sounds very `` last name like '' since its italian , people automatically consider it her `` last name '', 
  again it is very different by culture , country , and even family conventions . 
  but as mentioned above the convention in spain goes as follows : first names - middle name ( s ) - paternal last name - mother 's maiden name, 
  how is this a public service ? 
  also is not spaniard 's problem that you do n't agree with it or because it might be too `` complicated '' for some to follow . 
  they are not criticizing you because of your name or its surname conventions . 
  hopefully you til on it for future reference . 
  best of luck mate !, 
  hmmmm no . 
  by the way ... marca lies . 
  they already admitted that the whole story is based off hearsay . 
  basically they played chinese telephone and pretty sure someone gave them some bs ... which is nothing new with them . 
  the interesting thing is when `` journalists '' are attacked by the people they criticize they all bunch up together . 
  so actually as ( second leading madrid-leaning newspaper ) has also publicly supported marca . 
  almost ... only that they believe they can control ( and actually have somewhat in the past ) the dealings , signings , and management of real madrid . 
  unfortunately many members , fans , and supporters read marca and they have been swayed by media opinion , leading to booing or whistling of certain members of the team . 
  i live in the uk right now but been trying to get a hold of a us snes and n64 and a few games . 
  not sure if you would be interested . 
  thanks mate !, 
  you again ? 
  actually watching the replays , it looks like pure oscar nomination acting . 
  the blue player does a two footed head on tackle , in which basically ends up with a scissoring worthy of fan fiction , and the blue player takes advantage of it to start rolling on the ground . 
  there is no aggression at all . 
  lets be politically correct ... lol enzo is the spanish kid, 
  exactly , that was pure bs, 
  i think aguero 's kid has more to live up to ... 
  maradona is his grandfather and his dad is aguero ( arguably one of the best strikers in the world when he is not injured ), 
  all white brand-less, 
  i 've been very lucky to have been able to live all over the world . 
  i am currently living in london and loving it !, 
  spotify or grooveshark ... no need to download anything anymore . 
  is this a message for me ? 
  i am not john , but crikey sounds familiar . 
  himself . 
  i 'd love to see christopher walken having a conversation with himself . 
  this and record it please . 
  happiest days of a boat owner : day bought the boat , day sold the boat . 
  i dont really care much of airport security . 
  if they are nosy enough to go through my stuff , go ahead , there is nothing there `` dangerous '' . 
  i just make sure to put my keys , phone , wallet , and such in my backpack or jacket pockets , and travel with easily removable shoes ( usually some laceless converse or mocassins ) and no belt . 
  the quicker and simpler you make your moment through security the less it bothers you . 
  the less of a hassle you are for security , the less of a hassle they 'll be to you . 
  i 'm imagining it more along the lines of christopher walken is a character with multiple personalities that manifest to himself ( similar to a young doctor 's notebook with john hamm and daniel radcliffe ) and have full conversations and discussions with himself . 
  ps : i highly suggest a young doctor 's notebook to everyone , its very funny and well done 3 episode for tv screenplay . 
  loved it and the acting was phenomenal . 
  running around the same maps shooting the same weapons over and over with the same bad guys in every map . 
  and cs , cod , most fps multiplayers, 
  ( incoming shitstorm ), 
  bring him back and send him to stoke next season after they sell begovic to man utd . 
  why spend more money on other keeper ? 
  he is doing amazingly well in atletico and needs to start getting experience in the premiership . 
  chelsea has a keeper in him for a long time . 
  if they are not going to start utilizing him soon , might as well let him go . 
  i watched chile-brazil a few years back in santiago . 
  not only did ronaldinho hit the cross bar three times in a row pre-match . 
  i got his free-kick goal on video on a gut feeling it was going to go in . 
  it did and was awesome . 
  athletic bilbao is very similar to english support constantly through the match . 
  it is said that as a player you do n't properly experience the liga until you play there . 
  sounds like no one isnt really interested or needs anything :(, 
  thanks this is very useful !, 
  any recommendations to deal with the games ? 
  wanted to play skyward sword on the wii , but i havent even opened it ( still in wrapped plastic ) . 
  happy to exchange for a uk version . 
  meow, 
  i am in a similar boat as you my friend . 
  i live in chiswick and moved to london about a year ago and instead have to stick to playing smaller games and 5 - a side sunday league .
