  looks like a fake posting . 
  remember this house also has a home movie theater , a fully equipped gym , etc. 
  he had a cribs style video about it and there would be a lot more furniture . 
  this is a fake posting . 
  no , theres quite a few videos online with him interviewing and showing his house and its got a lot more things in there . 
  this seems almost cleared out . 
  also the living room and dining room look nothing like the ones on the videos . 
  if you actually want to sell a house i would you not post pictures of the garage , kitchen , pool , etc ? 
  also pointing out its cr7 's home would make it attractive in the market as well . 
  also as an fyi , this area where this house is , there are multiple homes with the same construction . 
  ill be home in about 1 hour max ... my steam is teroh04, 
  seriously ? 
  with michu available you take :, 
  torres ( best chelsea season but nowhere near his best ) ,, 
  villa ( not the same player since the injury , does n't play 9 anymore ) , and ... 
  soldado ( best in form of the 3 in spain , but this guy is so easy to hate , and well still better than negredo ) . 
  of course we do n't have a proper 9 playing for spain ... 
  either way do we want to maintain the same forwards ? 
  spain has lots of top quality strikers and this tournament was a good opportunity to test them with the main team . 
  clearly we all watch different matches , because negredo does n't have the presence and threat than many others . 
  in a team like spain/barca if you play with a 9 its to pull defenders and open up play for the multiple midfielders coming forward . 
  negredo is tall and tough , but does n't have the presence of the currently picked strikers who will be able to do that as well . 
  soldado is known in spain to be a massive asshole/jackass and will get as dirty as he needs to , but he is regardless in my opinion the best of the three going to the conf . 
  cup . 
  clearly you are the casting manager and producer for this movie ... can i be cast as a ball boy in the wc final , or is mr. cage pulling off that role too ? 
  who cares ... no on in their right mind would buy it after all the shit microsoft is trying to pull, 
  clearly it seems it might be your set up . 
  in my save he is doing pretty darn decent , and i have him rotating with other 2 players for the spot . 
  i for one am very sad to hear this ... after a first season following the take over going to cl for the first time , huge signings , and great team assembled by pellegrini , getting to quarterfinals ... reduced to selling off all their players and kicked out of european competitions . 
  can anyone explain what exactly happened to the `` super rich '' owner that was going to invest heavily into the club ? 
  edit : quarterfinals not semis sorry !, 
  and celtic/rangers ... 
  should get a lot more than a red card ... this guy needs a criminal stamp , that was unnecessary and uncalled for, 
  was n't that racing santander ? 
  the `` sheik '' at malaga just keeps saying that he is going to invest a fortune and so on with new stadium , new training grounds , new everything ... so far spent a bit first summer , and resold all those players for cut price after ... 
  what a piece of shit mascherano is , a cheat , a diver , and a dirty player all around . 
  downvote all you want , its the truth . 
  lol , thats driven to argentina/barca hardheaded fans that will defend this asshole . 
  actually its not the first time , a couple years ago they did as well when they were negotiating a professional first team contract, 
  love this coming from barca fan !, 
  double whammy !, 
  they were amongst the first to post the news . 
  it is all over the place now . 
  apparently messi 's accountant was worth a few golden calculators, 
  fifa rules state messi could play 1 game all year and he wins by a landslide ... 
  it is not the press claiming , but rather government prosecutors after an investigation, 
  not sure that is completly valid as there isnt much of a comparison point there . 
  and i 'm sure messi has a good record on scoring against english teams anyways ... 
  messi wouldnt score half as many goals without xavi and iniesta and that is a fact . 
  obviously tongue in cheek mate , but i think as good as him in 30 years is an overstatement ... messi fully launched as a super star in 2007 which is only 10 years since maradona 's retirement ( 1997 playing in boca ) , and if you consider messi to be the same level 30 years is too long ... 
  his birth given talent ? 
  maybe , but you can work to be the best like cr7 and many others have ... 
  also who 's to say that neymar , hazard and a few others that are still young today will not be ridiculously good ? 
  thanks for the wonderful reply , this was truly enlightening rather than simple bashing . 
  an opinion that can be backed up . 
  i will search for some figures of matches with and without xavi and iniesta, 
  as much hate that fernando gets , it is a bit over the top . 
  if he had not cost chelsea # 50m he would not get as much bad press as he does . 
  he has actually had a pretty decent last couple seasons ( scoring more than other `` top strikers '' as of late ) . 
  still scored on barcelona in last season 's semis , scored in the europa league final . 
  he has actually had his best season since 2009/10 in terms of scoring . 
  regardless for chelsea he has had 34 goals in 131 matches and for a top level striker , its just way too low . 
  considering his injuries , new club , chelsea 's interminable ( until hopefully now ) manager changes , and a very very different play style to liverpool , he has not done too bad . 
  he is a player that requires confidence from the club , manager , and his teammates , and that was certainly missing in chelsea . 
  i 've watched a lot of matches with fernando and he is a beast , fights every ball , is all over the pitch , and does all he can for his team . 
  unfortunately , that is no longer enough as he has somewhat lost some of the pinpoint accuracy and blast speed that he used to . 
  hopefully he can move back to spain or a team that will expel less pressure so that he can start to deliver with goals again . 
  let 's not also forget he has a champions league , a europa league , a world cup , two euro championships , was third for the golden ball in 2008 , and was golden boot in the 2012 euros !, 
  he deserves a lot more respect than people give him . 
  as with chelsea , psg , and city , they will have to generate enough revenue to cover their salary expenses . 
  hopefully they are taken seriously , and have a proper project in place , rather than set up family funded `` agreements '' for revenue coming from the same pockets like city and psg both did . 
  exactly , no direct revenue from their city or stadium ... they are going to have to look for massive international merchandising or short term huge contracts from their owner ... 
  if the ffp doesnt want them , we would use another team with big stars in spain to compete ... 
  where is ibrahimovic ? 
  he is not even worth # 25m ? 
  balotelli . 
  tahiti damn right , almost everyone supported tahiti ... hell i 'm spanish and i want tahiti to get a goal against us !, 
  i already have tickets ( im going with my gf ) super excited and can not wait . 
  but i am writing on behalf of a friend ( not a redditor ) . 
  he recently moved here from spain in the hopes of finding work and improving his english quite a bit . 
  unfortunately the first one has not happened and has had to end up basically working at bars and cocktail events . 
  his girlfriend also here is having to work as a nanny , and she herself will be at the event tonight , but selling food in at wembley rather than being able to enjoy the event . 
  he would like to go to at least spend some time with his gf , and also to enjoy one of the best bands of this generation ... i really wish i was makign this up , but these hard stories are all too common today with the current state of things . 
  he \u00b4 s a good kid , and would be willing to help contribute if possible . 
  thanks mate !, 
  makoto is chiswick is by far my favorite , a very small family run restaurant that is amazing . 
  i go at least once a week . 
  this whole news piece is absolute bollocks , its originated from diego torres , a well know anti-madrid journalist , clearly trying to throw darts into dark hoping he hits something . 
  either way its absurd that a team would pay a massive signing bonus in such an unethical manner . 
  for spurs , wouldnt this basically push sandro out of the team ? 
  why are you making it all about me . 
  its not about mourinhistas or extreme madridistas , but this is a journalist who is always attacking the team , the management , the organization , everything related . 
  he is one of the journalists ( along with inda , and others ) that think they can control the club from the outside , exert enough pressure and get his way . 
  second of all why wouldnt el pais want diego torres ? 
  he is always causing controversy and writes well . 
  heck , if you read him every day for a long time i 'm sure he can convince a lot of people of his views very strongly . 
  also to point out he is not a sports editor , he is simply a sports columnist , so he is not in charge with the rm section . 
  like florentino said , there are journalists that think they own and can control the club , and he is one of them . 
  he ca n't just let people do their jobs and focus on playing , the more drama he can add , the more readers , and thus the more pressure and control he can attempt to exert on the institution . 
  marca does exactly the same thing .
