   do we really want people of `` average '' intelligence going to university ? 
  i just did n't want to sound like a dick and claim that my friends were obviously brilliant . 
  and whether i like it or not , we have about 50 % university attendance rates , so there are a lot of average people there . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  i mean everyone within the society . 
  at the moment , we are governed mostly at the uk level , so yes , people who live in britain should pay tax ( subject to ability ) and receive public services ( subject to need ) . 
  i agree . 
  i was trying to show that we ca n't really infer that communist regimes make everyone poor , because we have n't really had any communist states . 
  i just wish that there were some `` local '' or grass roots political movements without the nationalism and xenophobia . 
  your definition is certainly a plausible one , but it 's used to mean `` just says what people think they want to hear '' , as opposed to `` has well-thought-out and consistent policies '' . 
  not at all . 
  look at china now , do you think it 's a beacon of equality ? 
  yes . 
  everyone who can should pay , them included . 
   ... almost half of britain 's citizens believe strongly that politics in their country does not serve their interests but those of a powerful political and economic class . 
   the main parties have great difficulty responding to such sentiments for two reasons . 
  it 's true . 
  it 's against inequality of opportunity , which is related to wealth inequality , but not directly proportional . 
  i do n't mind having the super-rich here , so long as there are what i consider to be adequate social provisions for a happy and stable society . 
  relative to many other children in the uk , yes . 
  obviously if they 'd spent 18 years locked in a room being electrocuted at irregular intervals , that would have been worse . 
  i possibly am more intelligent and harder working than my peers , but i reckon that none of us was given an adequate educational experience . 
  children should n't have to succeed in spite of their school , but rather because of it . 
  i think that 's great for you . 
  but , that 's not the case for everyone . 
  at my secondary school , less than 30 % of pupils left with 5 a-c gcses . 
  i have made it to university myself , but i 'm a small minority . 
  this . 
  i would n't mind too much about income inequality if we had sufficient spending on education , healthcare and housing . 
  but with university tuition fees , privatisation of the nhs , and the unending increase in house prices , i 'm rather cheesed off !, 
  and yeah , hardly any of my childhood friends have made it to uni , despite the fact ( i like to believe ) they 're at least of average intelligence . 
   the numbers came about the way i expected . 
  i 'd like to see how they 'd compare to the figures for finland . 
  i personally find it rather depressing to live in a country with friends who ca n't find jobs and have to live for months on their mate 's settees , and having to walk past a dozen sleeping tramps to get to uni every morning . 
  how 's your navy coming along ? 
   especially southeast england . 
  sadly , i 'd say that euroscepticism is on the rise everywhere in england . 
  i actually agreed with the first two-thirds of your comment , but completely disagree with where it ended up . 
  i believe the idea of linear cultural progress is a comforting myth that does n't actually help us understand cultural difference or cultural change , and therefore make the world a more tolerant place . 
  are we ? 
  have you got a source for that ? 
  i thought it was viewed as an intervention into an iraqi civil war , that is , a war within one state . 
  that would require recognising isis as a state , which i 'm not sure would be a terribly good idea . 
  what 's your point ? 
  that sounds eminently sensible to me . 
  well , it 's hardly going to be burnt down by moderates , is it ? 
  `` terribly sorry , we were just trying to light a candle and everything got a bit out of hand . '', 
  the article is hardly a piece of nationalistic jingoism . 
  in fact , i think the only time it mentions the uk is to comment on our negative productivity growth :  britain has been negative , of course , but that is no benchmark . 
  i 'm not a huge fan of the telegraph , but this article seems reasonable . 
  i 've just finished a bottle of cholula , and i 've got a bottle of sriracha in my fridge . 
  i 'm never without some kind of chilli sauce . 
  despite our reputation , the british diet is n't actually that bland . 
  in fact , i think it 's our insecurity about the value of our own cuisine which has led to the wide variety of international food you can find even in relatively small british cities . 
  right , germans are perfectly capable of having fun , so long as it 's strictly temporally and geographically bounded , scheduled well in advance , and its character is precisely defined beforehand . 
  i was looking for this comment . 
  ah , right . 
  yeah , i ca n't really argue with that then . 
   ( because that 's what arab countries have always done ) i do n't think that 's entirely fair . 
  many wars in the middle east have been started by non-arabs . 
  i completely agree with the rest though . 
  there were always jews in the region , although they were a minority before the establisjment of the state of israel . 
  see : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mandatory_palestine#demographics, 
   wonder if these newspapers will be backtracking on that now that their journalists are targets ? 
  let 's hope so , but i 'm not holding my breath . 
  those yorkshiremen can be tough . 
  i 've been living in the north west for six years now , but i still get caught out by northernisms on occasion . 
  ironically , i believe the most significant figure in the drafting of the european convention on human rights was this chap : < http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/david_maxwell_fyfe,_1st_earl_of_kilmuir&gt; a british conservative earl , no less . 
  it 's a european conspiracy to destroy our sovereignty , i tell thee !, 
   and punches rarely get thrown at gay people without homophobia being involved . 
  this is kind of irrelevant , but back in the 1970s my uncle used to go out with his friends and pretend to be gay just to start fights . 
  there was n't much to do before video games ... 
  i 'm british and it 's a mystery to me too ... 
  there are several names for northern english accents , depending on which one you mean !, 
  ( geordie , cumbrian , scouse , mancunian , etc. ), 
  i strongly agree with this . 
  i think it 's very easy to overlook the effects of society on your sense of self , especially if you 've lived in one country your whole life . 
  i know that i made this mistake when i was younger . 
  i 've a good deal of my family tree going back for most of that time , some parts even further ( almost all british , for the record , although there are apparently flemish weavers in there somewhere ) . 
  i 'm not sure if i should admit that upon reading the title , i thought it was an article about trains . 
  do you come from the scottish east anglia ? 
  ;-) but as someone born in cardiff ( is that close the border ? 
  ) , to a family that 's as english at it is welsh , who now lives in england , i just call myself british . 
  i do n't feel english or welsh . 
  since everyone 's chiming in and i have n't seen anyone else say it , we have ` cack ' in english too . 
  that 's what i say about all my comments . 
  that 's how they 've avoided any islamist violence . 
  yes , i agree . 
   it 's an interesting and thought provoking article , but i am not fully convinced by it . 
  that sums up my feelings towards the article too . 
   the argument seems to be that because the various states which rule as theocracies ( iran , saudi , islamic state ) have to put a mere human at the top of their judicial system or are compromised from pure sharia law that they are not religious . 
  the point is not that they are `` mere humans '' , but that they are humans chosen for secular ( political/economic/military ) reasons and not because of their piety or religious knowledge . 
   by that definition i ca n't think of any state which has functioned as a purely theocratic state - anything larger than a village needs to have leadership where the primary function is administrative and functional . 
  the same way you can have a king with ultimate power , but no specific training or qualifications to wield it , you could have a religious leader in that position , whose training and qualifications are religious in nature , but whose power is absolute over the society . 
   do you even know how many votes ukip got in the latest elections ? 
  12.7 % otherwise known as slightly above 10 % . 
  ( p.s. 
  i 'm not arguing with you about turkish society , just saying . ), 
  let 's try a silly one in english : so , there are three witches and three watches . 
  one of the witches is watching another one of the witches wash one of the watches , so the natural question is : * `` which witch watches which witch wash which watch ?
