it 's stupid to split countries into good and bad like that . 
  it 's far easier for britain ( or europe more generally ) to attract hard-working and well-educated people from countries in worse economic and political situations than from the ` good ' countries you 've listed , so if you 're only interested in bringing the most useful people , you 're doing it wrong . 
  ( of course , there 's also then the damage that the brain drain does to those countries , but that 's a different debate . ), 
  i believe that there are millions of people outside the eea who could play a useful and beneficial role in european society ( my fiancee , for example ) . 
  i 'm not saying that we do n't have any problems with non-eea immigration , but a completely closed door policy is madness . 
  it 's sad to see some people did n't get your reference and downvoted you , but it 's even sadder that a nearly three hundred year old satire is still relevant . 
  maybe one day we 'll figure out how to live together on this planet . 
  it 's telling us we should bring back hanging for the old or sick . 
  there 's no place in the british economy for silly ideas like ` society ' or ` culture ' , only gdp . 
  it 's literally a british overseas territory , because it 's overseas from britain . 
  america 's support for israel goes back to before israel existed . 
  in fact , one of the main reasons the countries around israel are anti-us is because of the american support for israel !, 
  sounds like a great thursday . 
  `` technically '' english has no regulatory body , so anything goes !, 
  historically , both have been used interchangeably . 
  in modern usage , it 's typically `` hanged '' for killing someone and `` hung '' for everything else . 
  i also agree `` hung '' sounds better , which may be why it has mostly replaced `` hanged '' . 
  actually , in modern usage , `` hanged '' is used for the form of capital punishment . 
  however , in the phrase `` hung/hanged , drawn and quartered '' , you 'll often find the older ( well , from back when we did n't care about the distinction ) usage of `` hung '' . 
  if you do n't want to take my word for it , see , e.g. , [ this ] ( http://grammar.about.com/od/alightersideofwriting/a/hangedgloss.htm ) . 
  well , what kuzee said is n't wrong . 
  you can definitely find latin americans who have very strong indigenous identities and may not speak spanish ( or any other european language ) or even have any european genetics at all . 
  but you 're right that the majority can and do claim european heritage . 
  edit : added `` or any other european language '' before someone got smart with me . 
   having christian heritage because nothing 's more european than a religion from asia !, 
  a wonderfully literal interpretation of the question !, 
  the enlightenment plus the loss of global relevance , then . 
  am i right , t\u00edo ? 
  hating turks ? 
  ^ only ^ joking ^ i ^ actually ^ love ^ you ^ lot , ^ even ^ though ^ i 've ^ never ^ been ^ there , ^ except ^ the ^ airport . 
  i agree with occultrationalist 's objection , but also your general point , which i think is that not all immigrants are equal . 
  it 's possible that immigrants are unpopular in athens because athens has a lot of poor or violent immigrants , rather than because athenians are less welcoming than citizens of the other capitals . 
   and is this really so ? 
  well , i 'm not a sociologist and i have no data to back any of this up , it 's just my own idle speculation as an intellectually curious british citizen . 
   one of the weirdest aspects of british society is that it does not quite map to the usual routes of racism and ethnicism at the lowest ends i 'd say that britain is far more classist than racist , and how you speak matters more than the tone of your skin . 
  the non-white populations of britain are relatively small and new , so have n't really been able to significantly alter the internal prejudices the british have had for hundreds of years . 
  i definitely reckon that `` chavs '' feel ( rightfully ) looked down on ( because they are ) . 
   so is it possible that it is the relative , not absolute inequality that matters ? 
  i think so , because even in the most extreme cases of poverty , i do n't think one would resort to theft , violence or even rudeness without feeling that there is some injustice in society . 
  i believe what matters is feeling like a valuable and respected member of society , because then you feel like you 're part of something and you have something to lose by breaking society 's rules . 
  if everyone looks down at you anyway and you feel that you ca n't succeed through the `` normal '' routes , why not be rude , aggressive or malicious ? 
  that 's actually not how racism works . 
  even if the label were used exclusively to refer to white people ( which it is n't , although i agree it 's most commonly associated with white working class culture ) , it 's only used to refer to a specific group of them determined by their class not their race . 
  if it were a racist term , it could be used to describe anyone of the same race . 
  it was n't racist , it was classist , which may be equally bad , but in this case at least is more difficult to disprove . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  if both parties wish to void an agreement , then they just void it . 
  contractual obligation only applies if one side is willing to fulfil their part of the agreement and expects the other party to as well . 
  i 'm not sure i can even begin to describe why this is not a good rule for personal relationships , have you ever seen an abusive relationship ? 
  well , as was posted here recently , nine out of the ten poorest regions of northern europe are in the uk . 
  it 's not a surprise that inequality causes social disintegration . 
  ignoring the racism of your comment , the black population of britain is about three or four percent , nowhere near enough to account for the 24 % figure here . 
  forcing people to stay together can lead to a far worse situation for everyone involved . 
  please do n't forget that there are millions of british people who are strongly in favour of staying in the eu ( whether or not they 're a majority is yet to be seen ) . 
  apparently we have two metropolitan areas with population over 10 million in the eu ( london and paris ) and presumably we 'll have more in the future . 
  should we start breaking them up into separate regions ? 
  ;-) but seriously , a bigger problem might be the smaller areas ( in the uk we have northern ireland , wales and maybe less seriously cornwall ) which are below 5 million , but would definitely want to be separate regions . 
  fair enough . 
  i could be mistaken , and i certainly do n't know anything about the situation in qatar itself , i just remember seeing some slightly dubious stories about the middle east more generally . 
  i 've definitely enjoyed some of their coverage of issues in the west and the rest of asia though . 
  my opinion is that al jazeera are more reliable the further away from qatar the issue under discussion is . 
  but in this case , i read it as the opinions of paul hockenos rather than al jazeera , and he seemed to have some reasonable opinions . 
  i do n't think he said anything particularly novel , however , and he did n't address what i see as the main issue of how to convince the established centralised elites in london and madrid etc. 
  that it 's in their own good to give up their power . 
  ( if it is even in their own good . 
  the author seemed to simply assume it , and i 'm inclined to believe it , however , without well-thought-out argumentation that 's just an instinct . ), 
  i agree with everything that you said . 
  however , as someone with a scottish surname , born to an english ( as , in most of my recorded ancestors were born in england ) family in wales , i reckon the development of a modern and rational british identity is a sensible progression . 
  i 've developed a masochistic love for it as a coping mechanism . 
  because the original pronunciation was rhymed with `` move '' . 
  in britain , the pronunciation has drifted towards `` mauve '' as a result of our choosing the single o spelling . 
  well , i believe that people ca n't lose their national identity overnight . 
  if these people were born and raised in britain , they are british . 
  even if they choose to do things i find deplorable , they remain british . 
  i think it 's a very fragile kind of national identity that we give to an individual for just so long as they do n't do anything that goes against popular opinion . 
  i have observed that some british people have two sets of standards for being british , one if you 're white and another if you 're not . 
  ( but at least we offer a non-white british identity , which i think is not the case in all european countries . ), 
  i think you mean it rhymes with move and not mauve . 
  but what about behove ? 
  i reckon this is the mainstream british attitude towards teachers . 
  both of my father 's parents were teachers , and sometimes i think i 'd like to follow them into the profession , but then i see how british schools actually work ... 
     what would improve the credibility of brussels is just more transparancy and above all : more democracy . 
  but this is a catch 22 , as that would require an even stronger european parliament with more british political heavyweights . 
  because that sounds too awkward , britain will probably stay in this uneasy relationship with the eu . 
  this matches exactly my understanding of the situation , and i find it seriously depressing . 
  if you refuse to treat them as british , then there is no reason to expect them not to fight against british interests in the middle east . 
  i 'd be entirely in favour of that . 
  but i remember my dad telling me that he was expecting cannabis to be decriminalised here imminently in 1977 , after it was decriminalised in the netherlands , so these things can be slower to change than they should be . 
  interesting !, 
  it seems worse than dishonest to introduce this kind of untaxable gdp into the calculation then . 
  although it 's advertised as a rationalisation of the previous rules , i ca n't help thinking they 're counting gdp differently * now * in order to get some positive headlines . 
   except uber the taxi app ? 
  i 've never used it personally and am surprised to learn it would evoke strong reactions here . 
  this . 
  this is a political trick that i 've heard a name for before , and it 's so rife in british politics it deserves a name . 
  the idea is that you tell the electorate that you 're going to do something ( e.g. , pass a new law , but with the specifics left out ) , then you go quiet on it until suddenly you 've already done it but not quite in the way you said you were going to , however , you can say that you were `` forced by negotations or ` the political process ' to do it that way '' , so it 's not up for discussion . 
  the point is that you keep the electorate out of the key phase in which they can actually change anything . 
  actually , this situation is not a perfect example of what i 've described because this is an eu issue that the british public do n't have much control over anyway . 
  it seems to happen as i 've described all the time in westminster though . 
   remove meatballs !,
