  i always find it funny that he can pull of something like this . 
  the event choice is also funny . 
  not in a physical sense . 
  we have a metaphorical one . 
  if another country 's twitter were to hypothetically boast about destroying the us electric power potential with massive bombing campaigns , it would n't feel really cool , would it ? 
  american lives are n't worth more than korean ones , regardless of government . 
  but they wo n't and ca n't bomb america . 
  calm down . 
  kim is n't mentally unstable as far as we know , regardless of what you think of him . 
  acting like america is the one threatened most by a war is wrong , if a north korea war happens , unspeakably horrible things will happen to both them and south korea , and this is something to be avoided in any case . 
  we will always need facilities to store criminals , however they need to be completely reinvented into something that can actually be used for rehabilitating people if possible and not just cheap labor or some `` punishment '' for smoking weed . 
  the current american system just keeps people in horrible environments , makes them work for a pittance and then releases them with small job prospects , and then we are supposed to think that they will somehow now have a choice of becoming productive . 
  though i suppose it is more profitable to have repeat offenders come and go . 
  `` nationalism is the real proletarian movement '' umm ok , ... 
  we will destroy whiteness as a metaphorical concept as is said in chapter 6 of the a.n.t.i.f.a bible . 
  good poetry right there . 
  d i r e c t i n t e g r a t i o n. 
  but seriously they probably just setup a couple of local councils for their citizens since these micro states do n't have many real industries , and of course democratic workplaces . 
  the microstates are to small to really be significant enough to attract the industrial congress . 
  i 'm guessing they are just considered a part of a surrounding province . 
  google them for fuck 's sake , they are actually asking for verification they existed before the elections , what is happening . 
  modern european antifa as we know them came into existence during the 1980s and 90s iirc . 
  but will he bring d i r e c t r u l e to bucharest ? 
  19th century is relatively far away , if you mean the original anarchist libertarians . 
  remember son , if you work hard, 
  some rich guy is going to take most of the value of your work . 
  their only source appears to be a facebook post , so i 'm not sure it is 100 % real . 
  dunno if they will update it . 
  i do n't get why people boast about how much they work , `` haha it 's really great how your life is mostly spent making money for someone else , that 's really admirable . '', 
  socialism was very popular during the interwar years . 
  if the economy never recovered properly from the great depression ; it would have probably gotten even larger . 
  i heard in a lecture by richard wolff that the upper class were actually worried by a revolution in those times , and that this was largely avoided because of the new deal . 
  well he would n't say democracy is optional , since communism is more democratic . 
  speak for yourself . 
   i just like breaking circlejerks, 
  where do you people get the circlejerk idea from ? 
  do you see how much shit flinging and different ideas are on this sub ? 
   anti corporate media, 
  yeah , sure . 
  scaled down by a factor of 5 from the usual figure , neat . 
  however she also scaled down the holocaust figure by roughly three . 
  dystopian fiction . 
  his gaze actually acts as a portable emp , which disables enemy vehicles , allowing bad ass cav charges . 
  [ dramatic reconstruction of sternberg cav rush ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zz9s9impcni ), 
  socialist democracy is the superior alternative to these bourgeois dictatorships . 
  and you destroyed it ? 
  y though, 
  soviet republic is superior . 
  * shoots self . 
  do n't go after jamie , he is the absolute boi , you fucking scab . 
  well , i suppose that if you did n't invade the japanese mainland and still got piece , that means that some sort of peace must exist ? 
  what about the `` rights '' of fascists ? 
  in a number of western countries , the making of racist , pro-fascist , or holocaust-denying statements are illegal . 
  not so in the u.s. , with its first amendment . 
  however , most anarchists do not call on the government to suppress fascists or reactionary statements . 
  we oppose laws limiting fascist speech . 
  in this , we are in full agreement with free-speech civil libertarians ( such as the american civil liberties union ) . 
  quite simply , we do not trust the government , this bourgeois-patriarchial-racist state . 
  even if suppressing right wing speech were good , we would expect the state to use any speech-suppression powers to focus on suppressing left-wing speech , that is , ours . 
  and so it has . 
  instead , we organize workers , students , african-americans , and immigrants , to counterdemonstrate at fascist demonstrations , and , where possible , to bust up their forces , driving them out of the neighborhoods . 
  why ? 
  when people organize a nazi outfit , they are not organizing the equivalent of a conservative discussion club . 
  they are deliberately choosing to identify with those who broke up unions and left parties , who overthrew bourgeois democracy in favor of bourgeois dictatorship , who exterminated millions of jews and others , and who waged aggressive wars . 
  similarly , people who identify with the ku klux klan are choosing to imitate those who covered their faces to gather at night in order to murder african-americans and their white supporters . 
  by calling themselves fascists , nazis , or klansmen , they are declaring their readiness to engage ( in the fairly short-term ) in violent , extralegal , actions against others . 
  it is like forming a chapter of the mafia . 
  it would be foolish for us to wait until the police catch them doing something illegal . 
  we have every right to protect ourselves , our friends , and our communities from this threat . 
  in 1930s germany , the problem with the nazis was not what they said or wrote . 
  it was that they beat up socialists and communists selling their papers , they attacked union or socialist party meetings , they burned down union halls , and they murdered prominent leftists and even liberals . 
  the police would not arrest them , or if they did , reactionary judges let them off with a slap on the wrist . 
  this , not free speech for fascists , was the issue , and should have been the justification for the left to unite and physically drive the nazis from the streets ( see my chapter on `` the fight against nazism in germany '' in price [ 2007 ] ) . 
  it is different when dealing with a real conservative discussion club . 
  for us to just call everyone on the right `` fascist '' and try to break up their meetings is to put ourselves in a false and vulnerable position . 
  the issue is not really `` free speech for reactionaries '' any more than the right to a fair trial is `` civil liberties for criminals . '' we want freedom of speech for ourselves , therefore we must defend it for others , even those whom we hate . 
  the same goes for free speech for communists , maoists , and orthodox trotskyists , who would , after all , establish totalitarian states and throw us in jail , if they could . 
  yet attacks on their free speech , by the government or anyone else , are attacks on the whole left , on everyone . 
  ( so we should allow the spartacists to attend our gatherings . ), 
  one of the defining attributes of fascism is forcible suppression of views ( `` for ur-fascism , disagreement is treason , '' wrote umberto eco ) ; recall that one of trump 's first proposals after winning the 2016 election was to criminalize flag desecration . 
  you ca n't fight that ideology by employing and championing one of its defining traits : viewpoint-based state censorship . 
  `` nobody should be allowed to burn the american flag -- if they do , there must be consequences -- perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail ! '', 
  -- donald j. trump ( @realdonaldtrump ) november 29 , 2016, 
  even if this position could be morally justified , those who favor free speech suppression , or who oppose the aclu 's universal defense of speech rights , will create results that are the exact opposite of those they claim to want . 
  it 's an indescribably misguided strategy that will inevitably victimize themselves and their own views . 
  there are tonnes of reddit `` socialists '' that consistently shit on communists and socialist countries in general , as a way of appearing `` e n l i g h t e n e d '' . 
  sadly a lot of people just call themselves communist out of wanting attention or some angst . 
  one of my friends was all `` lover of tito '' like 6 years ago or something like that . 
  he never actually read anything about yugoslavia , but he knew we had better living standards back then , so it must have been good . 
  now claiming goli otok was a extermination camp for serbs , which is such a fucking joke on an unbelievable scale . 
  the shit thing is that these same revisionists that tried to turn yugoslavia into some nationalist serb dominated shitfest are ruling today , but they are no longer `` communists '' they are now `` progressives '' and `` democratic socialists '' . 
  our current president called for `` the death of 100 muslims for every dead serbian '' roughly 18 years ago , but now he is a pro eu progressive liberal ? 
  he suddenly went from an ultra nationalist to a progressive , truly amazing . 
  the kingdom of yugoslavia also had problems due to being heavily dominated by us serbs . 
  in yugoslavia the communist party was one that actually won a lot of support and did n't represent a particular ethnicity over another . 
  they were of course banned after getting 3rd place in the elections . 
  the communists would have probably gotten in power even without soviet intervention as they were well armed and had heavy support after the war . 
  strong and peaceful, 
  wise and brave, 
  fighting the fight for the whole world to save,
