  did he just quote himself ? 
  a devouring swarm run maybe ? 
  i always took it that the devouring swarm ca n't comprehend the concept of not being at war and cooperating with non swarm life . 
  jesus people , they can do what they want with their money you assholes . 
  it 's not their responsibility to abstain from anything . 
  sol has a couple of states it can be in . 
  the most interesting for me is the one where humans wiped themselves out with nukes and a sapient species of giant mutated cockroaches replaced them . 
  you proclaimed yourself empress but there is only one god emperor of mankind . 
  for such heresy there is nowhere you can hide from the adeptus ministorum . 
  we have arrived , and it is now that we fulfill our charge . 
  in fealty to the god-emperor ( our undying lord ) , and by the grace of the golden throne , i declare exterminatus upon the imperial ~ ~ world ~ ~ region of the ~ ~ typhon primaris ~ ~ steppes . 
  i hereby sign the death warrant of an entire ~ ~ world ~ ~ region , and consign a ~ ~ million ~ ~ thousand souls to oblivion . 
  may imperial justice account in all balance . 
  the emperor protects . 
  no they are the tyrannids . 
  nomad rulers are just genestealer patriarchs . 
  remember to add an / s at the end of the comment to avoid being downvoted or banned . 
  well we needed to put those memes somewhere . 
  huh , i never noticed you were active on this sub . 
  you never did any 40k stuff though i guess that 's mostly because of how good 40k games are rare and far in between each other . 
  well it 's still relatively new and i think i went a bit too edgy on the name and would have preferred r/scp _ j but it has good memes , and tends to grow by 200 subs every time someone mentions it in a thread on the main sub . 
  i mean it 's not long or complex , it 's straight to the point and good for someone reading scp for the first time . 
  however the article shows it 's age a lot , if it had been released today it would have probably been heavily disliked . 
  it is n't really that interesting or be anything besides a statue that kills you if you stop looking at it . 
  it kind of defined scp as we know it and that is what makes it so loved . 
  i run a scp shitposting page on reddit . 
  we have much in common . 
  i 'd recommend reading more . 
  173 is the most iconic but i would n't say it 's what really interests me about scp . 
  i personally like series iii the most . 
  where is this from ? 
  the meme crash has been hard on us all . 
  however scp memes are an untapped market that has yet to see it 's full value , you and i know this . 
  ok then . 
  i just needed to know how it was related to scps . 
  i 'm awake now . 
  this cognitohazard is dammergung eyes only , and you have caused ak class end of the world scenario . 
  you are being demoted to d-class and will be making scp-106 memes for the rest of your life , with monthly amnesiacs to stop you from going insane as per the ethics committee 's requirements . 
  now that 's recycling . 
  ever since i tagged you , i see you on almost every sub i visit . 
  are you an omnipresent communist ? 
  yeah sure sorry . 
  it was just an unrelated joke because he posts in communist subs . 
  infinite warfare had them and it is the most recent one . 
  they are either facts about the nazi sdf or quotes by the sdf high council . 
  ai not declaring war was fixed in the hotfix afaik . 
  listen here you little ~ ~ shit ~ ~ heretic / s, 
  what joke ? 
  there is no 055 . 
  i checked it yesterday . 
  what do they get by this ? 
  if you ca n't make your enemy look bad by telling the truth , then maybe they are in the right . 
  oh yeah that one !, 
  the joke is that it 's an anti meme that causes you to forge , ... 
  wait what was i talking about ? 
  please clarify the post . 
  / r/shitwehraboossay is leaking . 
  ok , thank you . 
  reaper 's due is the one you need for immortality . 
  judging by the screenshot you have it . 
  there ai n't any marvin here buddy . 
  ! scp-507 u/scp1500 is the resident article fetcher here . 
  what a shit bingo , would not play . 
  no some can be fat , not all . 
  wasted food could have been put to good use in the us and internationally . 
  how can you steal from it ? 
  cb did n't create the scps it uses . 
  i was confused because i thought you meant stealing as in taking something with malicious intent and without the consent of the original owner . 
  the documentary jesus camp . 
  this part is actually pretty disturbing and unsettling with context . 
  [ here 's some context ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lacyltsh4ac ) , it 's about this pentecostal summer camp in america . 
  it has a part where the preacher talks about how harry potter is a servant of satan which is at least a bit funny . 
  ! scp-1981 marvin is dead . 
  and we killed him . 
  scp 1500 is the resident article retriever here . 
  do you know what communism even is ? 
  ahh , nothing better than a system of short term economic gain that would have collapsed quickly had they not gone to war . 
  actually in the empire creation screen the planets rotate . 
  blew my mind . 
  can you please clarify which scp this is referencing ? 
  i believe it is scp 2852 , but i 'm not certain . 
  this is a popular meme format . 
  you dont understand . 
  when elon musk mistreats his employees it 's because he has goals and is benevolent and only doing because he ** cares ** / s, 
  i 'm not arguing against that . 
  he is the same as any other rich capitalist but with better pr . 
  i mean people might as well make a religion out of him when they jerk him off every day on this site . 
  look at [ this ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/elonmusk/ ) , it stops being funny when he does genuinely bad things and is set to lower standards than other rich people . 
  i believe you need to make it more concise and to the point . 
  scps are not meant to be like actual research papers just mimic them in a way that is easier to understand and not boring . 
  see the soviets realized that they ca n't travel forward in time , but they can time travel backwards enough that it causes an integer overflow in the time machine and makes it appear as if they modernized . 
  [ they did have small swastikas on their uniforms actually ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/93/wehrmacht_uniforms_and_insignia.jpg ) . 
  waw had them . 
  you 're here !, 
  welcome home . 
  byoutiful, 
  yeah sure , but keep it clean on other posts . 
  let 's not break him a couple of hours after we get him . 
  delet this, 
  40k video game plot template :,
