  when president roosevelt was assassinated before he got the chance to become a strong president and enact his policies ( like in our world ) . 
  the following presidents are weak , isolationist and unable to supply the allies due to it 's weak economy . 
  due to lack of support all of europe is conquered by the axis by 1941 . 
  japan and germany then set to conquer the weak america . 
  japan conquers hawaii and destroys america 's pacific fleet in a day . 
  the americans become divided by pro allies supporters and pro axis supporters . 
  japan conquers the west and germany the east of the mississippi . 
  all of the world is conquered by 1947 and the axis face no opposition . 
  what ? 
  stop the chain or that lady that likes drowning in wells will come out ye monitor and spook you hard . 
  well if they ca n't even get their gps to work i 'd be more worried about their civilization . 
  the world from the ultimate solution . 
  the axis take over the world and start a mega holocaust . 
  police carry torture kits and have the power of extra-judicial execution . 
  there are vintage shops selling concentration camp souvenirs ( hair , fingers , ... ) . 
  a american town that hid jews was destroyed and turned into a huge parking lot and then shopping mall . 
  slav and blacks are bred like farm animals and their vocal cords are cut at birth . 
  there are modern gladiator battles in madison square garden with blacks battling to the death with the thumbs up and down being replaced with a green and red button . 
  the children are encouraged to torture animals on tv . 
  concentration camp memorials are not made to honor the victims rather the camp officials and glorify the deaths . 
  and in the end the relatively moderate faction of albert speer is overthrown and the fanatical contraxist faction takes over . 
  they are determined to destroy the yellow race even if it means nuclear war in witch germany would be destroyed . 
  the book ends with the world about to end . 
  you should have put the virus back on his computer . 
  you do n't fuck with desktop support . 
  some one watched too much cops . 
  i do n't see how it is any less ethical then just growing the organs directly . 
  when i was around ten i was alone at my house watching tv . 
  at the time i was very afraid of ghosts and got really nervous when i was alone sometimes . 
  while watching tv the screen suddenly started fading to static and i saw a figure with a white face with a red spot on it in the center and a thin black body . 
  when it went away i just started crying and i told my mom later who just told me that i was seeing things . 
  after some time i dismissed it as an illusion by mind made though it still makes me wonder . 
  `` i do n't know man , ww1 is going to get boring fast if they make one . '', 
  someone 's feeling like a smart ass now are n't we ? 
  i love how you kept spamming comments to polite people , insulting them while you were so sure in your obviously wrong theory . 
  so how the kids doing ? 
  ant colonies , or at least when i was a kid . 
  it was so satisfying being a simcity natural disaster . 
  but know i just live with them ^ but ^ they ^ will ^ always ^ know ^ what ^ i 'm ^ capable ^ of . 
  i knew someone would make the reference . 
  i was a user for a long time . 
  the comments just make me sad now . 
  pretty much everything from a mysoginist to misandrist can be found in a thread . 
  might not be our world entirely . 
  my favorite cod . 
  this one was the first one to have moral choices which would impact the story albeit slightly . 
  in the soviet campaign you 'll encounter things like surrendering germans or germans that are fleeing and one character will encourage you to kill them while another one will tell you to spare them . 
  in the last mission the other character will die and the first character will take his diary . 
  in the next loading screen the other character either describes you as a hero or a monster in his diary . 
  the thing that is so cool about this is that you are never told the choices would have an impact and that most people will do the war crimes because of thinking that they have to , which is simulating how the character is probably doing these things because of peer pressure . 
  i killed sunny and her dog as soon i finished the tutorial just for fun . 
  not making elementary school level insults to foreign governments when they decline our offers or do something negative towards us . 
  `` oh you do n't want to exchange minerals , well you sure will when i stage a coup and overthrow your government . 
  this is n't facebook take your superiority complex elsewhere . 
  so many fucking people use the idiocracy to fuel their belief that they are smarter than everyone else . 
  it 's not a fucking documentary , it 's a pretty average comedy that appeals to eugenics supporters and 14 year old intellectuals on 9gag . 
  the comment is not directly against you but i 've been browsing too much / r/iamverysmart and / r/im14andthisisdeep . 
  i guess i might as well apologize . 
  so sorry for calling you an asshole with a superiority complex but the comment still stands against some other people . 
  * joins stream, 
  * sees communist france, 
  * cuddle up and try not to cry, 
  i saw hardcore anal and furry porn on fresh . 
  pretty common i 'd say . 
  they use bots now . 
  it used to be humans but they really do n't give a shit anymore . 
  i stopped crying because i know yermany will liberate all . 
  always remember that the right is the only right way to go !, 
  sweden is ikea . 
  by next year he 'll be raising a revolution for the green party . 
  ask for some of those sjw stickers and those mainstream rad-fem shirts i saw at h&m . she 'll give them to you and you can resell it for shekels . 
  yes because there is only one pyong and yang and therefore one pyongyang . 
  there is only one supreme leader there is only one korea and there is only one pyongyang . 
  there is one community and that is the people that will fight the imperialist us and as and it 's cowardly nato forces . 
  ready the pitchforks !, 
  here comes the 14 year old baby boomer everyone . 
  my grandpa kept a lot of pigeons as a hobby and the pigeons bred a lot . 
  the babies are actually pretty cute and petting them feels really smooth . 
  yes that 's what it means . 
  the star in the middle represents the capital ( d.c or whatever else it might be in that world ) . 
  the 5 stars on the top and the bottom are just because i thought it looked better that way . 
  i made the flag because a lot of the other nazi america flags are just slapping the swastika where the 50 stars should be and call it a day but that is just ugly . 
  i wanted to put the swastika in the centre so it can be more like nazi germany and be worn as an armband ( not saying you should though ), 
  yeah i looked at it again and realized i accidentally made the stars slightly yellow without noticing . 
  it is a very real problem though i find it obnoxius how in every post there are 10 people saying the same thing not really providing anything else . 
  i 'm guessing the downvotes are because people think i support ubisoft or that i do n't think we should talk about this . 
  do we really want another 100 `` get ready for the downgrade '' posts ? 
  it is . 
  the flag is [ based of the rising sun flag ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rising_sun_flag ) hence the name rising europe . 
  it is off center for the same reason . 
  that 's the point . 
  the highest point in the netherlands is on one of their remaining colonies that did n't get independence . 
  edit : [ here is what the netherlands look like ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/41/kingdom_of_the_netherlands_%28orthographic_projection%29.svg ), 
  what is the country between japanese russia polish russia ? 
  i thought you had to be born in the us to run for presidency ? 
  and he will not be hit on the head , rather penetra , ... okay that 's a bit too much . 
  i 'm a serb and i went on the site of this book 's publisher to see if i can find it . 
  i was n't able to find it as they have changed it with a newer edition . 
  [ you are free to try if you want to ] ( http://www.zavod.co.rs/index.php?route=product/search&amp;search=%d0%b1%d0%b8%d0%be%d0%bb%d0%be%d0%b3%d0%b8%d1%98%d0%b0 ), 
  you have to return your books after the year is over ( or at least i think it was like that ) so i doubt anyone has it .
