  it was removed in 2003 so it is probably gone forever . 
  it is true . 
  they told me this one flag and i i 'll get 200 shekels a month euro convertible and everything . 
  i already regret it but it is too late the damage is done . 
  everyone here is shitting themselves while the people over at r/thedonald are celebrating like trump won the presidencey . 
  hearts of iron 4 i am sorry i forgot to put in the title . 
  i was playing with the in game console starting civil wars in the us and in other countries and they suddenly surrendered to the philippines . 
  they were at war with the philippines but they never fought . 
  since this was a glitch and the philippines did n't have anything close to what they needed to protect their new found clay they lost it after some short time . 
  yeah , communist germany demanded it in a peace treaty . 
  indiana is rightful red proletariat land !, 
  this is darkest hour : a hearts of iron game . 
  it is basically an improved standalone version of hearts of iron 2 . 
  this darkest hour is running the mod kaiserreich which has a huge amount of new events decisions and countries . 
  the mod takes place in a universe where germany won ww1 and the allies got punished like germany . 
  europe is split by the pro german mittle europa alliance , the internationale alliance which is led by the radical socialist commune of france and union of britain , they aim to destroy the mittle europa and the royalists ( which they exiled after a revolution ) . the last alliance is the etente which is the direct successor to the ww1 allies they are led by canada which is home to the exiled british royal family and aim to regain mainland britain and france back . 
  in ww1 the germans succeed in persuading the us to stay neutral which allowed them to finally puncture the front line after a long attrition war and win . 
  the peace deal is humiliating and establishes german dominance . 
  the german empire primarily wants to keep the status quo and the kaiser wilhelm iii is much more liberal and democratic . 
  america is now a weak figure in politics and very isolationist . 
  the great depression hits it hard and causes three factions to go to civil war . 
  the socialist combined syndicates which want a revolution similar to france and britain , the pacific states which want to protect their relatively prosperous economy from the poor and unstable east and the reactionary american union state which wants to cast out the combined syndicates and put in a right wing government.amidst the conflict canada seizes new england and alaska . 
  you can play as any of them and decide the fate of america . 
  i recommend you to play as it is probably one of the best and most detailed mods ever, 
  well the communists did . 
  hold on i 'm sending you my richard dawkins book collection right now . 
  i 'll see you on r/atheism by thursday . 
  yeah i think they called it quits after they got a lot of undeserved hate because they just wanted the world to be a cleaner place . 
  i better see some fine ` religion is stooopid ' circlejerk or you 'll be a ignorant downer . 
  why you do n't want to be a downer do you ? 
  yeah i see . 
  personally the hammer and compass are my favorite communist symbols . 
  495.80 reichsmark for both the imprisonment and execution, 
  back then 1 reichsmark was around 16 today 's dollars in 1938 and she got the bill in 1943 so i guess somewhere around that . 
  idiocracy is pretty shit to be honest . 
  as a comedy it is okay , but it is no documentary no matter how much incompetent socially awkward 14 year olds with inflated self worth would like it to be . 
  it makes it like rather than educating more people to be informed and smart we should instate eugenics cause they got the stooopid genes and we have the einstein ones . 
  there was one extremely similar to this one , however it had a different coat of arms and this idea is probably not extremely unique . 
  [ here it is ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/vexillology/comments/1iuoqm/prussian_america/ ), 
  amazing !, 
  did you make the coat of arms yourself ? 
  oh are n't you a witty chap . 
  [ oh i 'm sure you would n't like this then . ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmeco38mzcc ), 
  when in hoi 3 playing as an axis minor and putting a conquer war goal on the ussr and even though you did n't do shit the great powers decide an albanian empire is a pretty good idea . 
  it stopped in 1944 . 
  i 've heard of this . 
  is n't it full of `` hitler was good '' and holocaust denying ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  the hoi 4 world war wednesday was going as usual . 
  daniel was playing hoi 4 with his trusted companion johan watching . 
  johan always loved watching daniel play . 
  his cunning wit as he organized his armies . 
  his bravery when going to battle . 
  and his grace in defeat . 
  johan had began to develop feelings for daniel unlike any other time . 
  he had brief romances with the executive director and the staff manager but never a pure-blooded aryan programmer . 
  that was what he found himself aroused to around daniel . 
  his long golden hair like the rye in the field , his sparkling blue eyes like the summer sky . 
  his muscular body and arousing smile . 
  he was the perfect nordic paradox employee . 
  these feelings had started troubling jake as he could not confess these feelings for they would have found out and delayed the game again to punish him . 
  but it was unbearable for him he had to tell him or else be consumed by it . 
  a day passed and he had sent a note to daniel to meet him . 
  he had not told him where but daniel was a cunning one unlike the other developers , he knew that it was the recording studio . 
  `` hey johan '' , said daniel as he entered the room ,, 
  `` hi , ... daniel '' , johan said while his cheeks blushed like the sunset . 
  `` what is it that you wanted '' asked daniel but inside his heart he knew exactly . 
  `` i 've been meaning to tell you , that , ... ever since i met you i 've been encapsulated by you , you 're not like the other developers , you always were the smart one , the funny one and beautiful unlike i 've ever seen . 
  you always knew how to make me blush , how to make me laugh , and how to make me cry . '', 
  johan proclaimed . 
  `` what is it that you are saying !? '', 
  daniel asked , his heart pounding . 
  `` i , ... love you daniel . '', 
  johan said what he had been waiting to say since he met him . 
  `` i love you too johan '' daniel had also been in love with him ever since the first twitch stream . 
  `` i want to do it with you live on stream . '', 
  said daniel . 
  `` are you sure !? 
  on stream !, 
  i 've never done it before '' johan yelled . 
  he was always made fun of for never doing it his entire life . 
  `` we have to ! '', 
  shouted daniel with all his strength . 
  they turned on the stream and started doing it . 
  johan started bleeding for he could not handle it . 
  they both yelled . 
  `` alright finish now i can handle ! '', 
  daniel shouted barely handling it himself . 
  johan screamed and finished after a long 10 minutes he could not handle it . 
  `` alright that was good . '', 
  daniel said as he ended the stream . 
  johan went to clean his blood up because of the mouse clicking . 
  daniel went to get a new keyboard because it died after the key tapping . 
  they all agreed it was the best hoi 4 co-op german game that was done to date . 
  how edgy . 
  belgium has made a peace offer : white peace, 
  yes / no, 
  father told me to stand in the corner as the doctor always chose the ones closest to the barracks but it was useless when he started taking the ones from the corners too , ... oh we 're talking about jobs . 
  and we 're not stopping at mercury we 're going straight to venus temperatures .
