fuck me plz battlequill for life anal m8, 
  and we managed to do it with only 15 people in a random stream god bleess our kaiser isp for he is the one that led us to victory and even atracted \u041a\u0412\u0418\u041b\u041b our lord and savior, 
  pros : cons : too much, 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the navy seals , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on al-quaeda , and i have over 300 confirmed kills . 
  i am trained in gorilla warfare and i 'm the top sniper in the entire us armed forces . 
  you are nothing to me but just another target . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of spies across the usa and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , maggot . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare hands . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the united states marine corps and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  shut up or ill hook ya in the gabber i swear on me mum.you didnt want to give me the rank of obergruppenduhrer and now you will die because im actually a member of : gign , ssg , sayert matkal,eko-cobra , delta force , jtf2 , alpha group , shayetet 13 , navy seals , sas and of course isis.also my dad works at r quill inc. 
  so he knows how to hak u, 
  + top kek, 
  - too much kebab 4 me, 
  ign-4 / 20, 
  my country always knew that tear gas was the only true irrefutable argument . 
  it is not bad stop being so anxious, 
  top kek, 
  dam runci yours is looking amazing best one as im writing this . 
  unrelated but were you playing mount and blade a couple of days ago because someone in the server had the same name as you ( napoleonic wars rp server ), 
  damn the chances of 2 quill servants meeting eachother in this unholy world are pretty low also are you writing a story for my contest isp is reading them on halloween and the winner gets mod status . 
  he is everywhere and nowhere at the same time . 
  there we go, 
  stickied post for contest send links for what you have written in the comments . 
  redemption i seek but shall not recieve from quilahh !!!, 
  new strawpoll new strawpoll, 
  you do have 3 votes . 
  wait a minute that is the old strawpoll you cheeki bastard, 
  alright then show me also you are winning . 
  on go the pants is winning now, 
  loving that new flair also remember to pay me 10 000 quillrubbels every month or i will sue you for herecy against quillah and patent infringment , that flair is patented you know . 
  the leader of the sq ( schutzquillstaffel ) runci himmler . 
  what is the point of posting to youtube zenimax will find you and they will kill you . 
  yes it might be that but let us not forget that conservative fool arumba von schleicher . 
  dont call me a fool i am a obergruppensorrowfuhrer and i shall have you deported to the republic of the north pole . 
  liberal arts college huh ? 
  you 've already said enough . 
  excuse but they are really bad at pronouncing quillah and instead say some alien word . 
  90 % complete edit : have the imperial colors but i did not place the crest in http://imgur.com/tryhsin, 
  reminds me of the japanese pacific states from the man in the high castle book . 
  looks like a logo for a back pain sugar pill . 
  yeah looks kind of odd for a national flag since i doubt that i ever saw a flag with the globe on it but still i like it very much . 
  well it is still one nation though i get where you are coming from kind of like the stripes and stars in america a lot of federal republics do have flags like that . 
  while i like the later soviet flags more this is still better than that sfsr flag . 
  pretty sure there is a republic of dave flag made but it was from a fallout mod for a grand strategy game called europa universalis 4 i will try and extract the flag from it if you want it . 
  i always loved the simplicity of it but does anyone know why they slightly changed the sickle so it is smaller after stalin died . 
  me too so many people afraid of spoilers in media and i just embrace them, 
  here is some eu 4 dave rampage : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lwta8jel7c, 
  honestly i feel like these people ( the kind that take idiocracy as anything more than a shitty comedy ) think that they are the ones who will lead the earth to a golden age and that others should die out because they are `` sheeple '' are like nazis hating jews never realizing that they are more jewish themselves . 
  yes one thing that is very well known about germanic races is that they are all black and not just slightly mind you . 
  it is a proven fact that the original germanic people were trans women of color . 
  it 's not a problem it just seems to harbor some `` unlikeable '' types of people . 
  the 32 types of strawmen . 
  turn on console ( tilde key ) and type in event 60000 and voila comrade . 
  other ways could be to wait and research revolution and counter revolution and those communists will be popping up like rabbits and once they do you wo n't even have a choice in the matter . 
  while spreading marx all over the world can be fun , if you are a beginner play with a capitalist ( swine ) country a couple of times because you wo n't have to manage your industry yourself because the capitalists will do it for you . 
  can you give the save file i want to see it in action ? 
  if you do n't want to you do n't need to . 
  it makes you communist, 
  i really liked making everyone a commie as germany i also tried to engineer a really weak russia into a powerfull ussr with germany i got them to 8th rank but since they did not impress me i kind of let it go and it got eaten by china . 
  another nice choice was the the worker 's commonwealth ( uk after communist takeover ) and the american people 's republic ( commie us obviously ) . 
  rip them off and then shit on them to assert your dominance . 
  sjw 100 %, 
  working just fine thanks a lot !, 
  you dont choose the red guards , the red guards choose you . 
  i hate it when i lose all my puppets and spheres because some assholes wanted more socialism . 
  can somebody pm this subreddit to quill i mean the poor guy doesnt know that he has millions of followers ( true followers not those wankers on his subreddit who also watch the false god arumba ) . 
  yeah once you get revolution and counter revolution communists are unlocked before that they dont exist . 
  the worst scenario is after getting my spheres back after becoming communist the fucking fascists start apearring with 100 000 doom stacks everywhere and i have to start all over . 
  another thing is your puppets do n't change with you so you lose all of them . 
  my poor poland ran away from me :(, 
  i dont know why but when i was playing germany late game around 10 % of my population was fascist and i had a huge population like around 100 million ( and those are only the male pops ) when i saw those stacks i didnt even want to try because i could i also had a huge army ( fully researched and everything ) but it is kind of boring to be sending your troops around for 10 mins till they clean everything up properly . 
  we can conclude from this that pops in vic 2 need to make up their fucking mind . 
  now we wait and hope . 
  oh yeah i remember that i used to have a part of france and it became a core . 
  i gave it to the french to end some retarded war they started and i guess hitler got pissed . 
  yeah but still they would n't have given it to him had they known that he would be the cause of a genocide and i doubt time is happy with this today . 
  not true you heretic swine . 
  i shall have you executed for this false accusation . 
  oh god !, 
  but the revolution !, 
  this is not what quillah wanted when he said `` all dank maymays are created equal '' . 
  you arumbist swine !, 
  the quill horde will crush these heretic scum . 
  i bet my dead kebabs on it . 
  true , yes . 
  but that was in my younger days when i could still kek at the world . 
  i 'm pretty sure there is no decal because on the box it boasts about being jet black . 
  can you specify which ones ? 
  i will check it out , thanks !, 
  well at least he is n't training your country 's special forces .
