  most of the `` cooky '' nk stories are either clickbait by tabloids or outright propaganda in south korean news a lot of times . 
  the broken toilet seat drone incident comes to mind . 
  no food shortages for anyone unlike the failing capitalist system in the us . 
  when the csa took over , bread started physically manifesting in my home . 
  from that moment i was enlightened . 
  i feel like this will make curtis an even larger benefit to the us than he already is . 
  garner should give something nice . 
  `` chancellor , has rommel seized angola yet ? '', 
  `` my kaiser , rommel forgot that he had a vacation scheduled and that he could n't be there to tell the army that there was a war with portugal . '', 
  `` send an expeditionary force to take the colonies then . '', 
  `` uhh , mittelafrika capitulated a week ago , the war is over . '', 
  the wealth of those societies in which the capitalist mode of production prevails , presents itself, 
  as `` an immense accumulation of commodities , '' 1 its unit being a single commodity . 
  our, 
  investigation must therefore begin with the analysis of a commodity . 
  a commodity is , in the first place , an object outside us , a thing that by its properties satisfies, 
  human wants of some sort or another . 
  the nature of such wants , whether , for instance , they spring, 
  from the stomach or from fancy , makes no difference .2 neither are we here concerned to know, 
  how the object satisfies these wants , whether directly as means of subsistence , or indirectly as, 
  means of production . 
  every useful thing , as iron , paper , & c. , may be looked at from the two points of view of quality, 
  and quantity . 
  it is an assemblage of many properties , and may therefore be of use in various ways . 
  to discover the various uses of things is the work of history .3 so also is the establishment of, 
  socially-recognized standards of measure for the quantities of these useful objects . 
  the diversity, 
  of these measures has its origin partly in the diverse nature of the objects to be measured , partly, 
  in convention . 
  the utility of a thing makes it a use value .4 but this utility is not a thing of air . 
  being limited by, 
  the physical properties of the commodity , it has no existence apart from that commodity . 
  commodity , such as iron , corn , or a diamond , is therefore , so far as it is a material thing , a use, 
  value , something useful . 
  this property of a commodity is independent of the amount of labour, 
  required to appropriate its useful qualities . 
  when treating of use value , we always assume to be, 
  dealing with definite quantities , such as dozens of watches , yards of linen , or tons of iron . 
  the use, 
  values of commodities furnish the material for a special study , that of the commercial knowledge, 
  of commodities .5 use values become a reality only by use or consumption : they also constitute, 
  the substance of all wealth , whatever may be the social form of that wealth . 
  in the form of society, 
  we are about to consider , they are , in addition , the material depositories of exchange value . 
  exchange value , at first sight , presents itself as a quantitative relation , as the proportion in which, 
  values in use of one sort are exchanged for those of another sort ,6 a relation constantly changing, 
  with time and place . 
  hence exchange value appears to be something accidental and purely, 
  relative , and consequently an intrinsic value , i.e. , an exchange value that is inseparably connected, 
  with , inherent in commodities , seems a contradiction in terms .7 let us consider the matter a little, 
  more closely . 
  a given commodity , e.g. , a quarter of wheat is exchanged for x blacking , y silk , or z gold , & c. --, 
  in short , for other commodities in the most different proportions . 
  instead of one exchange value ,, 
  the wheat has , therefore , a great many . 
  but since x blacking , y silk , or z gold & c. , each represents, 
  the exchange value of one quarter of wheat , x blacking , y silk , z gold , & c. , must , as exchange, 
  values , be replaceable by each other , or equal to each other . 
  therefore , first : the valid exchange, 
  values of a given commodity express something equal ; secondly , exchange value , generally , is, 
  only the mode of expression , the phenomenal form , of something contained in it , yet, 
  distinguishable from it . 
  - / u/waterguy12, 
  otl he slowly transformed into a shittier huey long after he got kicked out because he was a bukharin fanboy . 
  i knew something was off when i wrote it , but i could n't realize what it was . 
  [ only one right side . ], 
  `` it 's part of my 50 point game plan , that says we 'll have all of africa by 1950 , trust me . '', 
  since the sad guy is a german pow , that means that all russian timelines are good times for the people * . 
  * excluding peasantry , conscripts , foreigners and gulag prisoners . 
  as orwell put it a `` vaporization '' . 
  though i doubt doing this to criminals or anyone is a smart idea , kind of reminded me of 1984 o_o . 
  every time they make a joke about `` s j dubyas '' then it 's all funny and they 're cool , but when they make a joke about racial inequality then it 's catering and definitely forced on them by some social studies students . 
  [ citation needed ] is honestly the best thing you can comment when someone just makes a claim like this . 
  war communism was n't meant to be permanent , it was a temporary thing and ofc it had heavy consequences , but it was needed for keeping the red army stocked . 
  the nep was n't entirely free market capitalist , the state still controlled the national banks and the large industries . 
  beware the totalist cornman in ukraine . 
  the khruschevite maize conspiracy is not a myth . 
   since the 1940s , khrushchev had advocated the cultivation of corn ( maize ) in the soviet union . 
  [ 154 ] he established a corn institute in ukraine and ordered thousands of acres to be planted with corn in the virgin lands . 
  [ 155 ] in february 1955 , khrushchev gave a speech in which he advocated an iowa-style corn belt in the soviet union , and a soviet delegation visited the u.s. state that summer . 
  while their intent was to visit only small farms , the delegation chief was approached by farmer and corn salesman roswell garst , who persuaded him to insist on visiting garst 's large farm . 
  [ 155 ] the iowan visited the soviet union in september , where he became great friends with khrushchev , and garst sold the ussr 5,000 short tons ( 4,500 t ) of seed corn . 
  [ 156 ] garst warned the soviets to grow the corn in the southern part of the country , and to ensure there were sufficient stocks of fertilizer , insecticides , and herbicides . 
  [ 157 ] this , however , was not done , as khrushchev sought to plant corn even in siberia , and without the necessary chemicals . 
  while khrushchev warned against those who `` would have us plant the whole planet with corn '' , he displayed a great passion for corn , so much so that when he visited a latvian kolkhoz , he stated that some in his audience were probably wondering , `` will khrushchev say something about corn or wo n't he ? 
  '' [ 157 ] he did , rebuking the farmers for not planting more corn . 
  [ 157 ] the corn experiment was not a great success , and he later wrote that overenthusiastic officials , wanting to please him , had overplanted without laying the proper groundwork , and `` as a result corn was discredited as a silage crop -- and so was i '' . 
  r/socialism has a problem with liberals and amero centrism , but that does n't mean liberals are socialist , or are related to them . 
  political subs are n't here to give you a space where you can argue against that political position , they are there to give like minded people a place to discuss things freely from their political viewpoint . 
  you have a couple of debate subs to pick , or go to r/socialism101 to see what socialism is before conflating it with liberalism . 
  the sub never claims or ever did claim that it is there for free speech so i do n't see how it fits here . 
  how could you not like the iconic 4 pitchforks of savinkov ? 
  churchill should have mathematically predicted that there would be a famine in china , decades ahead , if the allies really wanted to stop genocide . 
  we know what gulags are , and they are not necessary . 
  their peak was during massive industrialization and most people survived to release . 
  i get that innocent people were interned in gulags , but they were not death camps . 
  do n't use the dead relative stuff , my grandfather spent 20 years in prison for being a nationalist and my great grandfather got shot by communist partisans , but what i just said does n't mean anything , for all you know it might be a lie i made up , so i do n't use it as an argument on the internet . 
  he did n't even achieve an absolute majority , he was appointed iirc . 
  and this is after multiple hissy fits by them . 
  she has already been whitewashed as a patriot and a first amendment lover who was n't a part of the evil antifa organization by liberals .
