  dprk has a very sizeable army , they might not be able to do much , but they would be perfectly able to shut down any somalian invasion . 
  honestly if they are so incompetent that they do n't know black bloc is n't a group along with antifa , i doubt they can do much . 
   `` the government should just do everything , fuck people yo ! '', 
  - vlad `` dracula '' lenin , after making his famous `` frankfurt school '' speech . 
  it is easy to shit on the only groups of people who actually fight fascism directly and not on the internet from the comfort of your enlightened centrist armchair . 
  by 2050 no people will be able to have a conversation like this !, 
  well except the proles , but they 're not human , they 're animals . 
  is this an even more enlightened version of centrism , how far can we go until we achieve the armchair godhood ? 
   the black panther party remain the vanguard of revolutionary activity in the us, 
  was n't bpp dissolved in the 70s ? 
  iirc the new one is n't really a successor and abandoned leftist ideology for the most part . 
  we are living a grimdark timeline compared to that . 
  [ boy , do i have something to show you . ], 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_earnest_voice well yeah , im guessing the news subs have a good bit of propaganda and not just from the us . 
  to think that a huge social media site like this would n't be used by companies and governments to spread propaganda is foolish . 
  who would n't want to die due to a deliberate flu outbreak because of the 4th costco-mcdonlads war , while having to sell their blood so that chairman seymore can get 5 more years out of his body . 
  while i do n't believe the dprk is democratic or a particularly good place to live in , clickbait tabloids are using their lack of internet as a way to share cheep unreal stories about the `` cooky '' north korea . 
  when they get called out on their shit a couple of days later , they just put up a silent redaction , but they already got their clicks and shares so it does n't matter . 
  south korean media probably is more in this for the propaganda . 
  the `` dprk drone '' ( or whatever it was called ) story shows this well . 
  defectors often overstate their stories and they do get good financial rewards . 
  all of this combined with the fact that the dprk is for the most part closed , means that i do n't have that much to think about it . 
  it 's often the contrary , and does n't really relate to his quote . 
  supporting imperialism is n't really caring for human rights , the us right does n't target the dprk out of empathy for it 's people , it is because the dprk opposes the us , regardless of their rights record . 
  you rarely see the right going against saudi arabia or any other ally with a poor human rights record . 
  yeah mate , you must be the real peak performance human being , judging by you insulting disabled people like a proper alpha . 
  new sign ups on the site have now been stopped and replaced with the message :, 
  `` pausing signups for a moment and building some security features, 
  the far-left has been attacking for over 24h, 
  you did n't think they 'd just let you have free speech , right ? 
  there is a good chance that these new security measures will just make the site more impractical to use , and therefore just make it even less popular . 
  it only has a 1000 users iirc , my little shitpost sub can beat that . 
  reddit , including this sub has been always very western centric , particularly the us . 
  this is a problem , since a lot of people use this site for their news , which they get in a very western centric manner , meaning that people really might not have an idea on what is going on in other regions . 
  in this sub in particular , even somewhat minor us news will get posted more often than anything about the various people 's wars in other countries . 
  i 'm not saying america is n't important , but the site is definitely skewed towards it , which is something this sub should try to avoid at the very least . 
  jesus fucking christ , is this that splitter version of r/incels that is supposed to be even more `` radical '' . 
  these tours wo n't really teach you the `` inner workings '' of the dprk , they mostly have you on a set path , and i do n't think they really delve much in the political structure and such . 
  like in 1984 , well except that you do n't get to shoot yourself after reeducation . 
  hitler actually made getting a gun easier in his germany , compared to the weimar republic in his 1938 german weapons act . 
  the legal age was lowered , gun restriction laws now applied only to handguns , not to long guns or ammunition , permits were valid for three years , instead of one , etc. 
  i still believe trump is actually subcomandante marcos in disguise and that the real trump is buried somewhere in chiapas . 
  he will accellarate the rise of socialism by making shitty decisions for the us and reveal himself on the last day of his term , and promptly execute his cabinet . 
  i guess i can dream , ... 
  communism is n't the state owning the means of production , it is a moneyless classless society where commodity production has been abolished ( though it 's more complicated than this ) . 
  a cooperative economy is reffered to as market socialism or mutualism in anarchism . 
  robert wolffe does stuff about coops i believe . 
  maybe you could read proudhon . 
  welcome to socialism . 
  well market socialism , as anti market socialists would argue it is n't real socialism . 
  robert wolffe does a lot of stuff on cooperatives i believe , though i do n't watch him much . 
  talking about the ypg in syria most likely https://pbs.twimg.com/media/dbpz19lu0aaxy6y.jpg, 
  though antifa is n't an organisation so pretty much everyone can claim to be antifa if they follow the goals of stopping fascism with force . 
  this is n't discord . 
  well , antifa is n't really an american made thing . 
  it is pretty [ old ] ( http://i.imgur.com/z1hvltv.jpg ) , though the modern antifa came out of 80s and 90s european anti nazis iirc . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  antifa may not be a group but to claim that the name and symbol comes from nazi twitter is laughable and shows how little people are willing to google basic history . 
  http://i.imgur.com/z1hvltv.jpg this is the kpd headquarters in the 1930s , not a twitter invention . 
  moving beyond that here is the wikipedia for antifa https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antifaschistische_aktion . 
  marx never stated what the dop would be like . 
  he said that it would be left to the mass movement that establishes it , to decide . 
  secondly marxism is neither the oldest nor the only communist tendency . 
  before you make shitty jokes because you do n't know what commodity production means , maybe read the wiki on it , if anything . 
  a coop can be just a workplace that is democratically controlled . 
  it does n't have to exist in capitalism and a coop based economy is what many people would consider socialism . 
  e d g i b o i, 
  that is our god , reincarnated genghis khan ii , show some respect you fucking russian . 
  `` order prevails in moscow ! '' `` order prevails in leningrad ! '' `` order prevails in berlin ! '' every half-century that is what the bulletins from the guardians of `` order '' proclaim from one center of the world-historic struggle to the next . 
  and the jubilant `` victors '' fail to notice that any `` order '' that needs to be regularly maintained through bloody slaughter heads inexorably toward its historic destiny ; its own demise . 
  - joseph stalin , before retiring as a hunter in the siberian wilderness . 
  well it seems you failed at that even more than most people , judging by those signs . 
  did he even have a job ? 
  oh fuck , is this a davis aurini quote . 
  a lot of nk stories ca n't be verified or are outright clickbait , but government sources are often the only ones who can dispel the news . 
  so he shits on people who do n't have a job , with his job being to run a shitty irl meme organization . 
  good thing , i just bought nms and crashed the industry because it looked nice in the ps store , so this will cancel out the industry crash . 
  yeah , it 's pretty odd for dead soviet leaders to be saying modified rosa luxembourg quotes and then rising up from the grave and becoming hunters . 
  it 's a pretty famous quote by rosa luxembourg after the german spartacist uprising was put down by the reactionaries . 
  what makes it even more impactfull , is that this is the last thing she ever wrote before being killed . 
  yes and you can do it without being patronizing . 
  losing one of your only means to make money would n't really feel like a prank . 
  a prank should end in both parties being happy . 
  that is why unity between nationalists of different countries fails . 
  they always have contradictory goals , you ca n't have a greater serbia and a greater croatia coexist , due to them both needing the same territory , hence there ca n't be an alliance of any kind . 
  international socialism does n't have this problem , due to them approaching everything as a singular working class with unitary goals . 
  they are having a horrid economic crisis . 
  better make money on runescape than none . 
  idk why people think pinochet was some economic mastermind , even if he was , he murdered and tortured a very sizeable amount of people . 
  it was n't that cheery as people like to portray it https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/82/unemployment_chile.png . 
  thank you for the red circle , almost missed it . 
  : thonk :, 
  is that marx ? 
  stalin ? 
  you ca n't have an industrialized country without literacy . 
  no country wants an illiterate population . 
  the ussr brought literacy and healthcare to most of the population in a pretty short time . 
  the imperial systems were poor for the population . 
  yes , how it works exactly is hard to know . 
  since nk does n't have the www internet ( they have an internal one iirc ) the government is often the only one who can dispel fake news .
