  a quiet and unimportant civilized world is attacked by an ork waagh . 
  the pdf get themselves killed in short order . 
  the mighty speehs mareens are dispatched to deal with the ork invasion . 
  ( include funny banter between orks and a comical warboss ), 
  3 . the speehs mareens successfully slow the ork 's advance . 
  it turns out that the world has a powerful chaos mcguffin . 
  the csms were there to take it using the orks as a decoy . 
  ( dont forget the cocky sorcerer . ), 
  the csms are pushed back to their stronghold just before they can activate the mcguffin . 
  oh no it turns out a librarian was corrupted and is trying to use the mcguffin for himself . 
  our hero the company leader successfully kill the rogue librarian and stops the orks . 
  fin . 
  memes are okay , but do n't be hostile to coldposters . 
  they are n't going to improve if you do n't give them any constructive criticism and instead just make fun of them . 
  this but unironically . 
  there already was one . 
  i slipped through the cracks luckily . 
  but seriously though fuck off . 
  even if we ca n't be united in political views , we can be united in the sub 's purpose of rushing unarmed by the thousand into ubermensch machine gun nests . 
  it 's banned because games are not considered art or educational material in the law . 
  while swastikas are fine in the dozens of german ww2 movies , the law is there to stop people from spreading nazism in things like toys . 
  this was put in place long before video games were a thing . 
  germany on the contrary probably has the most extensive education on nazism . 
  i miss the time when deus vult was just used ironically on crusader kings forums . 
  they did n't take xwedodah at least . 
  in what context was it used ? 
  while i 'm not against funding for space exploration , making the military expand into space is a waste . 
  i do n't like it when people are against funding for space exploration because of all the problems that need to be fixed . 
  the military is way more over funded and wasteful . 
  nasa 's budget is pocket allowance compared to it . 
  because gta online is where this game makes it 's money after you buy it . 
  it 's a huge money maker and giving people alternatives can hinder that . 
  single player mods were targeted because they allowed content that was purposefully made online only to encourage buying the very highly priced micro transactions , to be used in single player . 
  it never was about cheating really . 
  they used to give both the singleplayer and the online mode new weapons , vehicles etc , however making money in the singleplayer was much easier and did n't make any money for rockstar so they simply stopped . 
  i like 40k and based on the subreddit , the community seems okay . 
  i do n't where all these alt right assholes are coming from . 
  i suppose it just attracts those kind of people . 
  they should go with the suggestion of packing all the older dlcs into 2 or 3 `` seasons '' , with reasonable prices . 
  that would greatly lower the bar for entry for newcomers . 
  huh cool . 
  i never expected them to go back on their decision . 
  i guess there is a happy ending to all of this . 
  hol ' up , that cognitohazard is dammergung eyes only . 
  you have commited crimes against the scp foundation and her people , what say you in your defense ? 
  finally someone with a brain . 
  the whole point of us standard measurement system is it is humanistic and thus more democratic . 
  a foot is literally the size of your boot and a yard is a man 's step . 
  almost any guy can can walk-off large measurements on a job site fairly accurately because of this . 
  also a 10 based system is quite cumbersome when it comes to rules of divisibility . 
  while 10 and 100 are limited to being divided by 2 , and 5 and related multiples of that , they can not be divided by 3 , 4 , 6 , 9 , 12 which a 36 '' yard can . 
  if your breaking bread or dividing labor , metric is very impractical . 
  metric is mainly an academics measurement and thus limited to science here . 
  in fact metric is so impractical that clocks and calenders still reflect the humanistic use of 12 , and 36 . 
  labor can be divided into more manageable parts of a 12 hour day & 12 hour night cycle . 
  you and two friends can till soil or stand watch for 3 equal parts of a day . 
  today an 8 hour work day is a third of a 24 hour cycle . 
  we can thank the sumarian 's for the 360 day calendar too because their counting system was a humanistic 12 system . 
  thus their 360 days in a year and the current 12 month moon calendar , which we have changed to 365 in modern times . 
  this humanism is also why a circle is divided by 360 degrees , 16 cups or 8 pints in a gallon , 16 oz in a pound , and temperature is measured by the boiling and freezing of salt water w / a 180 degree interval - the human body temperature is 3 times the difference between freezing of fresh and salt water and perfect quarter . 
  it 's ashame the rest of the world does n't adopt the more practical american standard system of measurements to reflect the importance of a common man 's time and labor . 
  do n't watch it , you 're doing yourself a favour , believe me . 
  why was it deleted ? 
  if i remember correctly , they are not comrades and are mostly liberals there . 
  ( though there are some socialists ) . 
  correct me if im wrong . 
  yeah , sure joe . 
  just lie like you always do . 
  i do n't know why i 'm even friends with you . 
  you have convinced me . 
  i will go to the corner and wallow in shame till geraldo forgives my sins . 
  true dat . 
  geraldo be praised !, 
  the followers of todd will be filled with envy at our latest victory for gaming and ethics in journalism . 
  i 'm really hyped for it . 
  we might get an entire 10 minute rhodok crossbowman demo . 
  u/sovietwomble there , this should do it . 
  is the same voice actor gon na do this one too ? 
  most uncut people live in countries where being cut is a rarity . 
  it 's still an unnecessary surgery that is done without consent of the child . 
  if someone wants to be circumcised they can do it at any time of their life with their consent and that 's fine , but babies ca n't give consent . 
  i do n't see why being uncut would make anyone salty , unless they have phimosis or some other condition . 
  why comrade ? 
  are you implying that there was oppression ? 
  it 's actually the ouya port i 'm waiting for . 
  it 's good we 're seeing eye to eye . 
  if it was n't for that lord 's light thing , i would have thought it was real . 
  it 's even worse than what you think , they overthrew the government of guatemala , so that the united fruit company does n't lose profits . 
  i recommend watching sam o nella 's video on it . 
  only big channel i found that is without tons of right wingers is hbomberguy . 
  they feel persecuted and as if they are some kind of resistance to an oppressive society . 
  coldposting is not that much of an issue , but i 'll do it when it is needed . 
  i prefer explaining why something is bad and having people deciding to stop doing something on their own rather than having to force them to . 
  essentially fnaf lore has this company called afton robotics . 
  well these people are fnaf fans who want to write fnaf lore in the style of scp . 
  a user on the main subreddit recently found this sub and posted it . 
  the scp sub followed by brigading their sub and attacking it . 
  note that these people were not trying to show off their sub as original and said that they knew their sub was scp like . 
  the reason you are getting this , is because other people commonly search that first prediction therefore bumping it to top . 
  you can report it , if you 'd like .
