  we the people will ceaselessly strive, 
  to keep our great revolution alive, 
  unfurl the banners, 
  look at the screen, 
  never before has such glory been seen, 
  oceania oceania oceania , ' tis for thee, 
  who ever made the vannila mod also has this same bias . 
  the soviet union does n't get affected by the stock market crash !, 
  what assholes , but these are the same people who wrote in some austrian painter becoming leader of germany . 
  does he even know what liberalism means ? 
  stalin was dead by the time crime joined the ukrainian ssr . 
  quick , send his family to a labour camp and raze everything man made in a 2km radius from his home town . 
  do n't worry , you 're just following orders , no harm done . 
  no reason to be patronizing , you should elaborate further . 
  i guess the republic can wait , . . 
  that might actually make them interesting enough to play for me . 
  the lenin statue in seattle is private property !, 
  makes me wonder if maybe we need to relook how property works in our , ... no it is the commies who are wrong . 
  hoxhaist memes are now perma ban on sight . 
  left coms are only allowed in deepfried bordiga memes , thank you very much . 
  blame the hoxhaist spam , this is irrefutable proof of his failures . 
  it was this [ weird ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enver_hoxha ) albanian guy who built bunkers and shit , so everyone likes him because he is n't a revisionist like that guy who likes corn over in the ussr . 
  http://imgur.com/a/qpmdo just finished it , there is one and it gives you this pretty much . 
  yeah , but that internationalism, 
  how does one determine that ? 
  i know td has them almost 100 % . 
  d i r e c t r u l e f r o m l o n d o n, 
  capitalism =, 
  870\u00a0422\u00a0464 dead royalists, 
  life is a fuck, 
  born to unionize, 
  is there a way to confirm it 100 % , could the admins check who is using the sub ? 
  i do n't think anyone actually likes r/neoliberal outside of their sub . 
  it never really died out , anarcho syndicalism is still one of the larger far left ideologies . 
  you could say that marxist syndicalism did wane for the most part , but syndicalism itself survived . 
  why in the actual fuck would they be waving a symbol from a video game mod ? 
  the hammer and sickle is old and easily recognizable by everyone , and is used even by non leninists . 
  besides anarcho syndicalists just use red and black flags and the flag of whatever organisation they belong to . 
  there are movements for it definitely . 
  anarcho syndicalism is the most sizeable anarchist tendency so most anarchist movements are them pretty much , no need to split organisations on non vital issues . 
  the red and black flag is widely accepted as their flag , so they have that . 
  besides do you need a tonne of symbols , or is it better to stick to a couple . 
  stalin is the minister of security for georgia , dunno if he can go beyond that . 
  we do n't accept hoxhaism in the community any more , switch to a superior tendency please . 
  now james connoly is a man you can respect . 
  would the capitalists that were responsible for the country even existing , lose their grasp so hard that their free market haven gets killed by some utopians ? 
  yeah , i guess it really did . 
  have 6 different versions of this flag . 
  yep . 
  '' workers of the world , unite '', 
  it is obvious he will die due to a stroke caused by high cholesterol in his blood . 
  nothing can save you from heart disease . 
  iww probably has the most syndicalists . 
  white christians being oppressed for their skin color and religion is the funniest joke americans have ever come up with . 
  political correctness is just viewed as being against racism for these people , like do they think that people who jerk about `` muh troops protecting us in foreign countries !!, 
  ! 11 '' are oppressed or silenced ? 
  this kind of thinking is encouraged by the government if anything . 
  i know you 're joking , but bps cited `` unequal distribution of women '' as a reason for the fall of civilizations . 
  paramillitaries were common in weimar germany . 
  claiming it was purely the sa and rote front is nonsense . 
  the liberals had their own , and other parties did as well . 
  every bloody ideology works on paper , it 's an empty statement by people who do n't want to bother beyond parroting a single line . 
  not much different from `` communists are those who read marx , anti communists are those that understood marx '' , none of this actually says anything or brings an argument . 
  it might as well say `` you 're wrong , we are right . 
  only amateurs need material supplies to operate , rommel transcended this and uses spiritual supplies such as sheer willpower . 
  hey billith , you still writing that `` hollow '' skip ? 
  black pigeon speaks sadly , on the scale from neo feudalist incel to '' '' '' '' `` classical liberal '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' he is pretty far out . 
  his `` why women destroy civilizations '' one is really creepy . 
  it had n't been edited for some time . 
  the eddie legacy must go on . 
  the shit religious figures do in modern times , has made them a joke above all others . 
  here in the balkans an official in the orthodox church claimed that the floods that destroyed thousands of people 's homes were the direct consequence of a drag queen winning eurovision and proof that god loves us . 
  our previous patriarch was actually pretty cool and popular and did n't use his position to get luxury , while the current one is a fuckhead at any rate . 
  i knew the story was probably nonsense when the source that the media was using was a facebook post . 
  nazi sympathisers are really annoying . 
  the buf was n't expelled from political life using enlightened centrist tactics of doing nothing while they chant about killing minorities . 
  being against both sides is n't being neutral , it 's just supporting the status quo because it suits you . 
  $ 2.000.000.000 / 12.000 workers and my extended family who needs a new source of income, 
  ~ $ 12k / worker , ~ $ 144000000 / extended family, 
  would you look at that , git better job sorry . 
  ernst thallman was actually an afghan guerilla fighter , who created the abbreviation antifa so they may haunt the freeze peach world for centuries to come . 
  could spot that username from a mile away . 
   a serbian anarchist, 
  an unexpected surprise but a welcome one, 
  what is this `` logistics '' you speak of ? 
  can you do this in darkest hour , and if you can , how early can it be done ? 
  how do you do it in dh . 
  what a fucking joke . 
  in the uob political parties are banned as a formal organization iirc . 
  unofficial factions in the tuc fulfill that purpose . 
  ah , i see you too are enlightened by centrism . 
  remember opposing fascism is for losers , it 's better to just shit on everyone who stands up to them , from the comfort of an armchair . 
  i believe he stopped that a couple of years ago iirc . 
  `` thinking for yourself '' yeah it 's great enabling fascism from an armchair while shitting on people who do something while acting enlightened . 
  horseshoe theory probably . 
  mixing up kalinin for trotsky is amazing and shows how much he knows about history . 
   little more extreme than bernie, 
  a bit more than that if i recall correctly . 
  sorry but kr is all about that realism , csa is in there to prove the inherent superiority of the protracted people 's war theory of william z. 
  foster to more conventional strategies .
