  we will never forget you comrade . 
  at least you outlived every us president that tried to kill you . 
  should i delete the post if it is n't appropriate ? 
  i 'll wait to see if the community likes it and if they do n't i 'll delete it . 
  could you tell me what map mod you are using . 
  go back to florida . 
  awww , you made a mod collection for me . 
  how nice of you !, 
  honestly this is the reason i get annoyed when rich cuban-americans give sob stories about how their family lost everything they owned and `` earned '' . 
  yeah i see , you and your comrades made a very different socialist america . 
  for such a small community you are very dedicated to your project . 
  it 's not the universe we deserve , it 's the one we need, 
  that 's actually bad . 
  they make it sound like we are some kind of liberals who like identity politics a lot . 
  i see the batistianos are busy . 
  that 's beautiful . 
  fair enough . 
  but it 's more for the jokes rather than seeking some identity . 
  and it is never good to hide our views . 
  the tankie stuff is for memes . 
  i 'm no ableist nor have transphobia . 
  go to r/socialism for example , you will see that ableism an transphobia is bannable . 
  i feel like you got the wrong impression because of r/fullcommunism . 
  who do u think u are to shit on the irish flag , u feking britons , ... 
  the csa of course . 
  my boy jack reed gon na be whackin and smashin and thrashin those reactionary macarthurs and huey longs like it 's nothing . 
  having technology and being marxist is not really contradictory even if it was made in a capitalist system . 
  franco 's flags look so intimidating compared to the spanish ones of today . 
  yeah they were `` free to leave '' but they had to give up pretty much much of their belongings , had to have money ( which would have been pretty hard to get because of the whole oppression thing ) and not pick a country like france or the netherlands . 
  i also like jerking it till it suffocates . 
  yeah but it spills into other subs . 
  what do you think anarchism is ? 
  commune of france , syndicalist 4 ever . 
  nah syndicalism isnt like marxism leninism since it doesnt have a vanguard party and generally doesnt like politics . 
  do not eat from the trash can . 
  * touches face * , * sniff sniff *, 
  do n't you also need some `` professional '' revolutionaries in a vanguard ? 
  also syndicalists advocate for industrial unions rather than trade unions iirc . 
  you climb the ladder , open the window and the screen fades to white , you then see text about how you got the true ending and that you escaped but everyone dismisses your story because small amounts of lsd were found on you . 
  socialism . 
  views vary but this is the basic point . 
  note that the socialism we advocate for is not social - democracy or what bernie sanders advocates for . 
  thank you for not being a liberal ass . 
  hmmm ? 
  socialism is democracy applied to the workplace , of course we are for democracy . 
  true . 
  only shows that they value all workers equally regardless of nationality nor government . 
  oh god not him again . 
  he also denies climate change and went on prager u once to talk about how democratic socialism is like democratic genocide . 
  well , tito 's grandson is the leader of the communist party and is the only mp of the communist party . 
  me too thanks, 
  the cyrillic is the standard serbian one . 
  the j is normal . 
  when i saw the news the day after that post i thought it was trolling . 
  i guess i 'll pack my bags . 
  \u30fd \u0e88\u0644\u035c\u0e88 \uff89 i would n't even consider myself a tankie since im no ml , but i was afraid you would ban the leftists . 
  ok it 's zipped up . 
  just saying i 'm no ussr fanboy . 
  they told me if i keep it in my pants it 's okay but i 'm not allowed to mention that i 'm a communist or to defend communism if someone attacks it . 
  is stephen crowder the new ben garrison for this sub ? 
  i miss the iww , they used to be strong . 
  not saying they are bad today , just needs more members . 
  oh , are you a member ? 
  cool . 
  how active are you and the group in general in your area ? 
  great then . 
  you and your comrades are doing great work . 
  it makes it look down to earth and edgy . 
  99 % sure this was made by a socialist . 
  liberals wouldnt use that title . 
  do you think people can just get a job ? 
  we dont live in a just world and insulting people because your fee fees are hurt doesnt mean anything . 
  if you aint white , you aint right . 
  im guesssing the anarchist one is catalan or another version of spanish . 
  do n't you call me a monarchist !, 
  i was a people 's commissar for dank memes back in the day . 
  it 's a reference to eu 4 where you play as countries . 
  wc runs are world conquest runs . 
  i guess he got the star trek is fascist thing from a youtuber called matpat who said this and also said that capitalism is a democratic system and that star trek is fascist because there are no private companies . 
  im pretty sure it existed even back when marx was alive . 
  excuse me but can you say what that person said ? 
  `` order prevails in warsaw ! '' `` order prevails in paris ! '' `` order prevails in berlin ! '' every half-century that is what the bulletins from the guardians of `` order '' proclaim from one center of the world-historic struggle to the next . 
  and the jubilant `` victors '' fail to notice that any `` order '' that needs to be regularly maintained through bloody slaughter heads inexorably toward its historic destiny ; its own demise . '', 
  you dont know the difference between private and personal property . 
  private property is not this inseparable part of `` human nature '' . 
  well he already made a video about how mario was communist . 
  from your post history i see you are a comrade yet you post this on a rosa luxemburg quote . 
  have you no shame ? 
  happy we wo n't be seeing it much anymore . 
  woah that blew my expectations out of the water . 
  make sure to talk with them on the discord . 
  yeah i just saw it . 
  hope you have a wonderful time . 
  also known as sozialdemokraten or social fascists by the kpd . 
  that would be something that capitalism does ironically . 
  shit 's rigged in that game . 
  i managed to finally get liberals into power so that i can make sure the capitalists dont fuck my economy up . 
  now i cant get the liberals out of the white house , at least the socialists have a couple of seats and the liberals have enough of a majority to push for reforms . 
  but dont worry by the end i wont be able to avoid becoming communist even if i wanted to . 
  totalist nonsense !,
