  report this to the admins , as many people as possible should . 
  but the admins would just give a `` i do n't see what advocates for violence here '', 
  we are already getting threatened with bans though . 
  r/anarchism has had it 's mods banned couple of times . 
  i got temp banned from r/socialism for saying spencer should be shot jokingly , while these guys are having a wank over the idea of running over protesters . 
  you 're good . 
  they are also whitewashing heather , as a peaceful patriot in defense of the first amendment . 
  they then talk about `` both sides '' . 
  someone on twitter made a superior version : https://pbs.twimg.com/media/dhm6v-zxuaayjfq.jpg, 
  i 'm amazed they do n't ever look in the mirror and think `` are we the baddies ? '', 
  before going to disrupt someone 's funeral because of their conspiracy theories . 
  is this real ? 
  could we get a link ? 
  nah , did n't you hear ? 
  they are fascists as well , and heather was actually just a peaceful patriot who loved her country . 
  the admins do n't give a shit about nazis promoting murder of leftists , why would they care about you . 
  edgi boi right here . 
  he uses subhuman un ironically , amazing . 
  edgi boi right here . 
  he uses subhuman un ironically , amazing . 
  they do n't tell strangers to kill themselves on the internet , and then act like badasses . 
  i must admit , this genocide is pretty lackluster . 
  how will i ever realise my pan american csa now ? 
  they are talking about syndicalism ffs . 
  they could have googled it and found out that it is n't a spooky dictatorship . 
  * soviet ear rape starts playing . 
  well they were mostly organised by socialist and communist groups . 
  heather was a revolutionary socialist herself . 
  in darkest hour , you would have to go all the way to vladivostok to reach a full surrender . 
  look at these rational arguments such as : `` fantasy '' and `` id_ot '' . 
  these are the same people who unironnically made a meme about marx 's critique of capitalism just being because he thinks it is unfair that rich people exist or something like that . 
  top_minds_of_reddit . png, 
  g o d g u i d e s s e r b i a n a r t i l l e r r y s h e l l s, 
  imo it is garbage and completely unbalanced . 
  he read some works by connoly and radicalized as a syndicalist . 
  he has become besties with chairman mosley and was voted in in south africa . 
  he has now given canada to the csa as a sign of good will . 
  a touching story , will need to get someone to write this fan fic for me . 
  yep , the french advance into belgium and maybe alsace-lorraine however if they do n't break into bavaria quickly , it is only a matter of time before they die . 
  best chances are always as soon as possible . 
  1938 has much better outcomes than 1939 . 
   flawed system, 
  listen here u little shit, 
  but this happens if they pick a different faction for every election event iirc . 
  yeah , they get a choice for each faction , and the one that gets the most choices wins . 
  if every faction gets a choice each , then the election is postponed . 
  probably not , if the ai gets an equal percentage choice for all of them . 
  i believe it is a 1 in 16 chance . 
  why is internationalism it 's own ideology ? 
  last one was released in december 2016 , so do n't worry they are coming . 
  it was always completely arbitrary . 
  i find it amazing that the nazis created `` sciences '' on race that were complete nonsense . 
  that sub is cringe material on it 's own . 
  moderates are the dominant `` side '' in all this . 
  i do n't understand where you people are getting this from . 
  most mainstream media , government officials ( though i guess they favor a particular side more ) , and here on reddit are preaching the `` both sides are bad '' nonsense . 
  i love the fact that this is a fascist group they are circlejerking about . 
  antifa is a label you knob . 
  see the thing about resistance is that you are meant to r e s i s t and actually do something besides shitposting on twitter . 
  these people are such fucking idealists that i ca n't believe they are n't a straw man of a liberal . 
  / r/debatefascism has an odd number of otherwise completely fringe ideologies . 
  some of their ideas are also very delusional . 
  one fascist wanted to ban automation in his country so that the workers would n't lose their jobs and go homeless . 
  i mean maybe it would be better if automation benefited the workers like it could and should , and not just ban it outright . 
  very idealistic . 
  he means student of history as in he is studying history in high school . 
  they seem to be unable to comprehend that some movements are inherently violent , and racist . 
  letting nazis grow because they are n't violent at the moment , is going to bite you in the ass once they are large enough . 
  the psa is probably the one responsible for the victory , not `` shoot long , what could go wrong ? '', 
  this is actually well explained in the lore , and you can find it sprinkled through the game . 
  because syndicalism boosts morale so much , that the soldiers are physically unable to miss a shot or react to physical pain . 
  the germans tend to enter a state of unending weeping once they realize the inherent superiority of the syndicalist ideology , upon seeing the effectiveness of syndicalist tactics . 
  german economists roughly at the same time that french troops convert one third of the germany army to syndicalism by bombing them with copies of `` socialism made easy '' , will realize the inherent contradictions of class society and will realize the correct conclusions of marxist theory . 
  this will cause the german stock market not only to crash , but to reinvent itself into a congress of trade unions , as the capitalists realize that the even the invisible hand of the market has been converted to syndicalism . 
  the war will end with the chad syndicalists abolishing all types of chains both metaphorically and physically in germany . 
  oh god the irony . 
  they are making fun of people for not reading 1984 while making the shittiest misconceptions about 1984 , amazing . 
  and i really like that one person that said : `` seriouslly , the political regime in the book was called ingsoc . 
  short for english socialism . '', 
  like it was a revelation about orwell being anti socialist . 
  a. anti, 
  n. free, 
  t. speech, 
  for, 
  f. soros, 
  bucks \u00a9 1919, 
  but you never know if they did actually write it , o brien 's goal was to completely break winston , nothing he says is necessarily true . 
  * sound of my millitary dictatorship, 
  you see , you may have evidence of the ss killing civilians , but i just got of the phone with my opa and he said that they only did that to villages within a 20km radius of a recent partisan attack . 
  confirmed to be trotsky in disguise . 
  should go `` why radical libertarians are the new feudalists . '', 
  they are ancaps not syndicalists . 
  do n't tarnish syndicalist reputation with that . 
  but if you shoot long you ca n't make every man a king or break the chains . 
  the syndicates terminology can get mixed up with industrial union federations . 
  a syndicate in the socialist sense is a democratic body by which the workers can organize their respective industries democratically , hence syndicalism . 
  the most popular types of syndicalism are anarcho syndicalism and deleonism . 
  the syndicalist nation would have a congress where elected representatives of different industries would meet and discuss how the country should run and represent the interest of the workers of their respective industries . 
  this is as far as from neo feudalist drivel you can get . 
  james connolly was one irl and wrote a good bit about it along with others .
