  thank you i was thinking about cancelling . 
  at least you have subtitles for your language and yeah it is pretty mediocre and does n't make sense a lot of time . 
  well that doesnt really help considering that i told you i already have 2 of them . 
  hmmm , good idea . 
  i will try your plan and hopefully it will work . 
  well it does kind of look halfassed , but i made my house look like the most pimp ass house in all the commonwealth . 
  my toilet is protected by 4 heavy turrets and a full suit of mk3 x0-1 next to the toilet with 2 suits of t-60 waiting outside . 
  does that mean i 'm batman !, 
  not reffering to anything specific , i was just wondering what they would do with the familys that immigrated to the usa before the war and great depression . 
  i 'll ask them then , i will post what they tell me . 
  it also changes based on the color of the pip boy . 
  yep i did , but it is okay i have a friend with a ps3 and gta 5 , it used to be mine and one of the user accounts have my current account , i 'm just hoping that he did n't delete it . 
  but your history will be inaccurate and then they will find out that you are a lying synth . 
  i was going for a walk and r/thathappened, 
  go on pornhub , apparently there are a ton of femal shitlords . 
  being an image on a porn site is the first step to becomming a shitlord . 
  if i remember correctly he used to be called pip-boy . 
  and of course there are fuckwits in the comments complaining about how this is making fun of blacklivesmatter . 
  well it is more of a reference than a copy . 
  i mean it probably would n't have been hard for them to make their own drawing . 
  paradox is n't some small indie company and the way they specifically put some details makes me think of this as just a harmless reference . 
  bury his corpse and maybe he will stop haunting your quest log and finally go to hell . 
  did you make sure to recite great atom ritual prayer while performing the burial ? 
  yeah , calling in the ghosbusters would be a good idea . 
  in my game while blocking an intersection some cars bumped into a police one , this caused the police to start executing the drivers which caused the other cars to start accelerating , this hit some cops and 1 genocide later , the intersection had around 20 cars with dead drivers not mentioning that there were also some abandoned cars . 
  you fucking ruined it !, 
  * starts crying *, 
  yeah , you are right i 'm saying it was intended to be found . 
  paradox could have easily just made their own cover for the dev diary . 
  good , maybe they will actually make a good game with that money for once . 
  it 's more gta online with a singleplayer mode than the other way around now . 
  quick , invade while they 're not looking !, 
  they 're milking gta online till , goes dry . 
  they stopped adding new stuff to the singleplayer just so they could sell even more fucking shark cards ( microtransactions ) . 
  they could have at least done something different this time . 
  and ubisoft in general, 
  this video has been an emotional roller coaster for me . 
  here you go : http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=648497745, 
  and hopefully his last . 
  sorry if this is stupid but how do all these people not get quickly disoriented and are actually able to do kill something . 
  download it off your platform 's marketplace/store . 
  on what platform did you redeem it ? 
  i 'm not tech support but maybe i can help you a bit . 
  go to the free to play section of the store . 
  provided that the redeeming worked you should be able to download it . 
  it should be there and if it says unavailable try redeeming the code again and see if it works . 
  the problem might have been if you tried redeeming it before it appeared . 
  maybe it will show at midnight . 
  try redeeming it in the ps store rather than bethesda 's website . 
  the witcher is a book series from the 1980s . 
  the games are a direct ( non-cannon ) sequel to them . 
  then the entire joint started clapping and cheering . 
  the cis shit woman started weeping in shame and disowned her kids . 
  i later wrote a book about it . 
  went so green he became the vape incarnate . 
  this changes everything, 
  i could never learn this for some reason , but grenade jumping was really easy for me . 
  it 's, 
  never, 
  over, 
  i knew it was a joke the second i saw the background . 
  now let us annex you and accept you as one of our own . 
  shhhh , there be mod-sters around these parts . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  he had to live dirt poor and overcame it . 
  the people that are saying slavery is something that gives them the right to be racist assholes should get over it . 
  the nazis sent some of my family to a concentration camp a long time ago , that does n't mean i have any right to be angry at today 's germans nor ask them to treat me with more respect . 
  i 'm not saying he 's right . 
  i was thinking of putting a ps section in the title but decided it was a bit too long . 
  it 's just that he acts like a smartass about it . 
  and i do actually agree . 
  geez jeff i said i 'm sorry , no need to throw me of a cliff now . 
  check if you were installing it to the right drive . 
  get a webcam and we can watch them together ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  it 's been 50 years thatguywal , the war is over . 
  come back . 
  please . 
  yup , with a lot of side content too . 
  me and my friend once spent around 15 dollars on a claw game and after we lost all the money i went around around the arcade looking at the floor if anyone dropped something so we could spend even more . 
  claw machine , not even once . 
  bringing the girl back to new york and wiping away the debt . 
  i thought dancing at a ball together would do the job . 
  50,000 people used to live here , . . now it 's a ghost town . 
  uhh , there is a hang out feature and it is mostly the same thing minus the relationship stats . 
  the euphoria engine !, 
  well i do n't know but i do know that you can call most people and hang out with them . 
  it was actually because they were worried that the people who were launching it were wasting valuable time ( in the event of a nuclear war ) typing in a more complex code so they just made a code that could be quickly bashed in . 
  i think a bit of waterboarding with boiling water wo n't do any harm . 
  go back to r/gamingcirclejerk asshat . 
  this has been posted a thousand times and you still somehow get above 10 upvotes . 
  i 'm in a nazi controlled berlin , in a nazi controlled world , i do n't know german and i have over 3 generations of slav heritage . 
  at least i have resistance buddies though one is mentally challenged and another one is in a wheelchair . 
  well i can still put it back in i mean it spent 6 months there i do n't see why it ca n't handle another year to flesh itself out . 
  yeah , she has a sister though she 's already pregnant so i 'll do a good old switcheroo while she 's sleeping , heh probably wo n't even notice . 
  well she kind of got upset when i took out her baby and tried to run away so i locked i her in the closet . 
  also do n't worry i shot her husband . 
  well that was my 6th wife and my 8th baby . 
  http://flipanim.com/?anim=awaqlqs1 good enough for me . 
  dark humor is like food . 
  not every one gets it .
