  people were obviously going to use her for political gain since it happened . 
  she was a young white peaceful protester , not some `` brown thug that was there to loot nike stores '' . 
  her mother has been really great in all of this , and she ought to get respect for that . 
  wholesome eu4 . 
  no such thing as ukraine , only mallorussiya and savinkov pitchfork flags now . 
   they just cross the line to communism . 
  do you even know what communism is ? 
  most socialists are communists of various tendencies and beliefs , you should read the side bar at the very least . 
  political subs that are n't policed for non supporters fall apart quickly hence the debate sub for the more absolute free speech . 
  an internet forum is n't a fucking country or organisation . 
  the media has dehumanized them to the point that their lives are a non issue . 
  marxism is n't the first or only socialist school of thought and the description you gave is poor . 
  what is the difference between the good of the country and the good of society ? 
  how do you think a socialist economy would function ? 
  yeah , that definition is seriously flawed to the point of just being plainly detached from the truth . 
  i honestly just suggest that you read socialism made easy by connoly or the socialism 101 book by jacobin , if you would like something more modern . 
  connolly 's section on syndicalism specifically , to get an example of what we mean by socialism . 
  state and revolution and the communist manifesto is not really good to read first . 
  socialist youtube channels are good as well , if you want a marxist leninist perspective on things watch the finnishbolshevik 's socialism for beginners , though he is very dry . 
  bad mouse productions is a good bit more digestible . 
  r/socialism has way to much shit flinging and differing viewpoints to really be a circlejerk , ask them about kronstadt and see it for yourself . 
  pewtube , if anyone wants an example . 
  it 's my next level meta meme . 
  bask in it 's glory . 
  it 's cool , he has a democrats tattoo . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i spent 6 hours researching and getting it just right . 
  mods please add this day as a day of mourning for huey . 
  you should make this a huey themed sub for a day . 
  [ it was you all along ! ], 
  in dh , you get a bitter peace event if you capture stalingrad , moscow and leningrad . 
  the ussr still keeps a lot of it 's industry and tonnes of manpower east of the urals and will kill you if you forget about them . 
  that makes it kind of nice . 
  it 's not kidnapping if the local mcdonald 's authority says it 's fine as long as you give the parents a coupon for their new cheeseburger . 
  make it 500 and you got a deal . 
  we can keep upvoting this post for 6 months till we get it . 
  let 's not undermine lend lease but ya . 
  [ i have something for the occasion . ], 
  the legend himself . 
  truly the peak performance man . 
  is this the living incarnation of the chad ? 
  just add people with an okay user history on leftist subs , and that 's it . 
  blair understands that the inherent class conflict in britain does n't end after the monarchy is restored . 
  there was no anarchy in catalonia , though . 
  karelia should n't have wore such a short skirt , if she wanted to stay finnish territory !, 
  but seriously though , the boo in this for me is that even though he was in the ss as a volunteer they do n't think he fits the criteria of a nazi . 
  dunno if that is n't considered booism , but i found it funny . 
  the mod lets every country be the good guy , so the mod is appealing to close to every political ideology . 
  there is even a neo strasserist on there , i even made an album of his edgiest posts . 
  i just realised i have never went beyond the 40s in my games . 
  is there a whole new world of events i have n't found ? 
  number 1 is not doing anything , therefore not putting himself in danger . 
  number 2 is sawing away the part of the branch where 1 is sitting , but this will only cause 1 to fall , and not himself . 
  number 3 is attempting to saw off the entire branch of where 1 and 2 are sitting , which would only cause 1 and 2 to fall off , while leaving himself unharmed . 
  number 4 is sawing off the part of the branch where he is sitting , this will cause him to fall while leaving 3 unharmed , therefore it can be said he is the idiot one , though maybe he just wanted to end his life , idk . 
  damn , where is this from . 
  speak for yourself . 
  ofc . 
  splicing the album together is easy , having to look at what they post is the hard part . 
  antifa is german and is 70 years old , not american . 
   putting tags on memes , implying intellectual property is real, 
  ha ha . 
  the syndicate of art and culture will see about this . 
  i already made this meme https://www.reddit.com/r/kaiserreich/comments/6z1th5/my_interpretation_of_the_fuhrerreich_universe/ you got ta know how to reach the meme singularity with something before it ends . 
  they published a fanfic in which corbyn turns britain into a dystopian dictatorship . 
  they are n't the most objective of tabloids . 
  make it more obvious that we are n't republicans with something like a clearer banner or sidebar image . 
  secondly , i think every socialist that does n't post reactionary stuff should be permitted to stay even if they have odd misconceptions about history and should be directed to places where they can learn more about it , since i doubt they are regurgitating reactionary myths out of malice . 
  they should be banned if they are being assholes to other people though ofc . 
  this is what i [ meant ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3207363/prime-minister-corbyn-1-000-days-destroyed-britain-brilliant-imagining-corbyn-premiership-reveals-tories-gloat-labour-s-woe-careful-wish-for.html ) . 
  well you are a marxist leninist state , so you already have state capitalism . 
  sorry had to make the joke . 
  i think the only way is getting another party in the government while maintaining communism through weird event fuckery . 
  or maybe the commie mod could help , if it still works . 
  i thought you were implying antifa is a recent trend from america , when it is old and from europe . 
  anarchists are communists though . 
  and just because you can recognize the injustices committed by the ussr , does n't mean a us gov sponsored monument and organisation created to stop the spread of socialism should be supported . 
  almost as if every political sub that is n't dedicated to debate also has those rules , because a fucking subreddit is n't the equivalent of a country . 
  [ here , i made it . ], 
  saa is taking dei er zor rn ( forgot the name ) sdf is attacking the raqqa pocket without saa support . 
  would n't it be great if charlie kirk stopped being a rich white boy who runs a meme page for a living , and pulled himself up by the bootstraps . 
  you expect too much out of a rich college dropout kid who makes political memes for a living . 
  r/socialism aint tankie , unless there was a demographic shift , it 's mostly soc dems . 
  ca n't you have machine empires that are n't machine intelligences ? 
  i only played the dlc once , so i did n't check . 
  i really hate this holier than thou idealist nonsense people like pushing . 
  do n't forget the hungarian soviet republic , . . or the slovak soviet republic . 
  top ten anime deaths of the great war :(, 
  this is breaking the rules , cmon . 
  why do they like white polo shirts so much ? 
  it does n't make you look like a paramillitary . 
  you can say what you want about us commies , but you have to admit that destroying germany with millions of unarmed suicidal 12 year olds is something kerensky or kolchak never could do . 
  maybe old pyotr could . 
  this is unsourced and the explanation of marxist philosophy is not good to say the least . 
  it implies that communism is entirely about planned economies and state oversight , which is a flawed view of it . 
  [ removed ], 
  everyone write a spooky quill scp ( example : http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-2028 ) in here http://scpsandbox2.wikidot.com/ send the link and i or isp will decide which one will be posted on to the site using my account ( cause i am a member ) after this is done everyone can have a laugh at those neckbeards that think that they are proffesional writers cause they write spooky stories and get pissed off at unfaithfull adaptions of their work in games . 
  onoff has demonstrated his superior writing skills and devotion to quillah unlike that heretic of arumba sanicjack he has won fair and square through a democratic election so to onoff i have to say :, 
  *** your winner !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  [ removed ],
