  a n d, 
  m a t u r e, 
  why do n't you actually look at their arguments instead of making a strawman and calling them stupid then ? 
  i 've read the manual again , and i think i have a good grip of the mechanics . 
  from what i get carriers have the best range , capital ships need at least one screen per ship , destroyers are good for countering subs . 
  is there any particular attachment besides asw that i should make sure to get ? 
  i would describe totalitarianism as the state being involved in every facet of an individual 's personal and private life . 
  every state uses violence to enforce it 's rule . 
  we need to put aside our petty differences and come together to defeat trump !, 
  wait what do you mean you do n't want to compromise on all your beliefs so that we can put another neo liberal in power ? 
  thanks man , helps me a lot . 
  i was wondering what to do with my starting ships as some of them are n't what i really need . 
  should i scrap them or find a use for them . 
  ah , thanks . 
  is building naval bases and upgrading them necessary . 
  and to add what preparations do i have to take for a large amphibious assault . 
  from what i can gather , bombing the defending units and cutting them off from supplies if possible is necessary . 
  and as a last question ( really though thanks for helping me with this ) . 
  from what i know germany can be just fine with a large sub fleet until an invasion of britain , is this correct ? 
  how is this related to the scp universe ? 
  yeah , you too man . 
  yep . 
  it 's a meme related to the scp universe . 
  you have links in the sidebar if you need an explanation i recommend you visit r/scp as well . 
  this particular meme explores the fact that things like [ redacted ] are used very commonly in scp articles as a way of leaving some things up to the reader 's imagination to enhance the article . 
  i have no idea . 
  we do n't police quality , you know . 
  post it to / r/highqualitygifs and enjoy the karma . 
  while she deserves the same as all nazis do , would someone beating her up actually do anything , besides making her look like a victim of political repression ? 
  i do n't think anyone other than some people in some corners of the internet would say that . 
  most people on / r/latestagecapitalism and other socialist subs tend not to be like that . 
  secondly , i have never seen someone arguing that the famine did n't happen , only that it was not a deliberate attempt to cause a famine and was a result of incompetence and failed policies . 
  wow , that is genuinely horrible . 
  i know they 're joking but doing this shit even as a joke is shit . 
  how are newcomers supposed to be welcomed with this ? 
  violent revolutions will always cause a temporary fall in living standards either way . 
  though of course , it can be expected for living standards to be bad before one . 
  i see nothing wrong with this . 
  this is the third time this has been posted with different editing . 
  communist memes are always popular and a great investment . 
  falgsc chains however rarely see circulation outside of socialist subreddits . 
  the more popular formats are the ones r/latestagecapitalism has , due to them being more relatable . 
  listen here u little shit . 
  i do n't see why criticizing and making fun of the democrats is as seen is wrong by some people . 
  they 're still a neo-liberal party , that is a lesser evil at best imo . 
  hence the lesser evil part . 
  but this does n't mean that the democrats are the best people to be in power , just the ones that should be supported until a better alternative has come up . 
  of course that better alternative is still going to need to be created by us . 
  i do n't know about that particular youtuber , but saying none of them have read it is just bullshit . 
  most them have and quite a bit more than that . 
  liberals often start talking about how socialists have n't read marx as some kind of way to make them seem like illiterate kids . 
  i know . 
  but they still know what they are talking about for the most part , even though they might have not read capital . 
  when liberals critique them for that , it is usually because they want to show them as kiddies who like to listen to ussr music . 
  '' '' '' `` protected '' '' '' '', 
  is the loyalist rebellion led by lawrence of britannia possible in hoi4 . 
  i do n't think committing war crimes is very fun for a game . 
  oh i must have fucked up then . 
  automod removed the first one and i must have put wrong link in accidentally . 
  which scp is this related to ? 
  is there a community that will ever not misunderstand fascism ? 
  yeah , that is a pretty interesting place . 
  i used to frequent it , back when i was somewhat of a fascist . 
  the place has many relatively unknown ideologies . 
  well , at least not in the manner he would probably want it . 
  he probably wanted ww2 germany to be portrayed in a positive light rather than explore the war crimes in a more mature manner . 
  what ? 
  ** you have spooked me mister skips **, 
   edward viii can be seen as a force for good, 
  the worker 's militia will talk to you about your transgressions against the union of britain later this evening . 
  getting east vs west flashbacks . 
  [ `` very gentle occupation by 1937 standards '' ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2016/12/12/13/3b4eb8bb00000578-0-bodies_litter_the_street_during_the_najing_massacre-m-54_1481549120309.jpg ) ( nsfl , seriously ), 
  re-education is no threat . 
  the same can not be said for the royalists and their undemocratic ways of ruling canada . 
  marriage is a construct of hirearchical society . 
  there is no room for it in the union . 
  while fuck capitalism and what not . 
  people still put a lot of work into their games and it 's a lot more than a piece of code . 
  the developers are workers as well , and they deserve recognition for their work . 
  well , not necessarily bad , just ironic . 
  more people in unions the better . 
  i like how jimi hendrix called b j out on his idealistic view of pre-war america , and told him about the racism he went through as a child . 
  it turned the stereotype of the strong selfless american soldier with a love for his country on it 's head . 
  listen here u little shit, 
  i was n't really paying attention from which site i got it . 
  i 'd consider myself a communist today . 
  deleonist is the closest thing i would refer to as my tendency , but i 'm not really dogmatic . 
  austria has one , at least for dh . 
  you can form the syndicalist danubian union if the syndicalists win the federal election . 
  you wo n't believe the amount of national bolsheviks there . 
  there are many interesting people there such as : fascist , clerical fascists , nazis , green party people ( not a joke ) , communists , transhumanists , strasserists , and some anarchists . 
  i used to visit it a good bit when i was somewhat of a fascist . 
  i remember the shitstorm when a trans nazi did an ama . 
  needless to say i do n't go there anymore . 
  in dh it is . 
  i have n't begun the invasion of the north yet but you get events to form an underground railroad to smuggle migrants into the south , it gives you some industrial bonuses , which are nice . 
  i 'm planning to invade tonight so i 'll see if there are more events once napoleon the iv returns to paris . 
  this is happening in my french empire dh run.i have n't begun the invasion of the north yet but you get events to form an underground railroad to smuggle migrants into the south , it gives you some industrial bonuses , which are nice . 
  i 'm planning to invade tonight so i 'll see if there are more events once napoleon the iv returns to paris . 
  if i had a dollar for every time i saw some 4 panel image of a liberal talk show host spouting some `` why ca n't we be friends '' quote , ...
