  predictions like these are common and exist for almost every question . 
  i thought you were implying google deliberately put it there . 
  '' on knees for h1tchens '' . 
  nice, 
  he follows the gabriel angelos version of that [ quote ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7epo_v8bn5y ), 
  does pepe hold your dick for you when you piss ? 
  * shakira law , conrad . 
  those hips do n't lie . 
  i could see the exiled slavs using the difficult terrain and their knowledge of siberia to create small independent communes that would sporadically rise and fall when the nazis come to shut them down . 
  the attrition in siberia would be horrible for germany . 
  he 's a huge 40k nerd . 
  look at his other posts . 
  usually posts like this would get removed , but it 's original so it will slide . 
  delet this nephew . 
  wo n't someone think of the private property !? 
  those starbucks windows have families too !, 
  i came across disrespectful in my first comment , so i 'd like to rephrase it . 
  i understand that people obviously put a lot of time , money and effort into their personal property and that they do n't deserve for it to be destroyed or damaged in any way , but what i am saying that it does n't necessarily make a protest non legitimate in my opinion . 
  however is it that much of an injustice that something like a mcdonalds was destroyed , to the point that the cause of the protest is then wrong . 
  throughout history , protests that destroy property were more often than not legitimate . 
  peaceful protests are not always effective in achieving anything and , as injust as it is , would temporary chaos and destruction of property in order to achieve a good goal worth it ? 
  that is what i meant by my first comment , but i can see why people might think that i 'm just saying that personal belongings are worthless . 
  i 'd suggest going to r/socialism _ 101 for that question , as there is a good chance this post will be removed , since it might be seen as baiting . 
  yeah , i get it . 
  just saying that the sub tends to expect you to be at least somewhat of a socialist before posting . 
  posting on r/socialism _ 101 would get your question answered easier . 
  self posts that contain nothing but [ redacted ] and so on . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the kurds are constantly being talked about in far left forums , especially the anarchists due to their connection to the dfnc . 
  have you ever seen a far left forum ? 
  go on r/anarchism and search rojava or kurdistan and so on . 
  fully, 
  i asked his creator to put him there . 
  he did n't do it on his own ( i hope ), 
  since release ? 
  yeah . 
  it 's got some new features like base building , and a new update is gon na be announced soon i think . 
  he 's probably never even played it . 
  we must build a statue for our lord !, 
  now more people are gon na start doing it as a joke . 
  maybe you could write it , and then someone from the community could translate it into japanese . 
  ah yes 4chan . 
  the most famous communist community on the internet . 
  also antifa = fa amirite guiz !?? 
  this reminds me of when nazis using the fact that germany had some black people during the africa campaign in their army as proof that they were not racist . 
  nothing says '' i 'm not racist '' more than sending oppressed people to die in your wars . 
  i 'm pretty sure the kr team never made that vicky 2 mod . 
  i think it just used the name for publicity . 
  it 's actually a pretty shitty mod imo . 
  i believe it is on the ps4 based on the ui , so that 's why . 
  how is this related to scp ? 
  rule 1.2, 
  edit : i have found the related scp , it will stay up . 
  2433 , marvin will be with you shortly . 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvj0zts4wf4&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=33s ), 
  this is n't r/kotakuinaction , secondly they explained why they picked her . 
  ~ ~ ~ ~ put that in instead of -- . 
  example : ~ ~ pineapple pizza is good ~ ~, 
  that 's a fake picture . 
  i remember it got to r/all , but was removed when it was found out . 
  / r/historyporn is where it was posted , i believe . 
  nah the ncs are the ancaps . 
  the vanu are transhumanist post scarcity communists , and that 's why i like em . 
  yeah , but without the scams and the founder 's sci fi story being true, 
  scientology has this weird story about mystical aliens , spirits and shit that they tell you when you reach a high enough level . 
  the difference being that the vanu actually existed and the sovereignty is not bullshiting it 's followers , while scientology is . 
  scientology has this weird alien called xenu , who was the ruler of the galactic confederacy ( bear with me , you can google it if you think im full of shit ) . 
  one day xenu puts billions of his people ( known as teegeeack ) on earth , stacks them around volcanoes and bombed them with nuclear bombs . 
  this `` happened '' about 75 million years ago . 
  so the spirits of these aliens called `` thetans '' now adhere to humans and cause spiritual harm . 
  they alluded to it . 
  i 'd say yeah , but im not guessing when it 's coming out . 
  with help from comrade mosley and mussolini , anything is possible for the third internationale you kaiser puppet . 
  do people actually think that hoi4 kr is the only one . 
  the hoi4 kr is more of a port that will be developed alongside the dh one . 
  [ here ] ( https://forum.paradoxplaza.com/forum/index.php?threads/kaiserreich.529944/ ) . 
  they are all interconnected and know each other . 
  there will be probably a mirror soon . 
  fixed , hurray . 
  not necessarily kill everyone , just means that permanent containment is impossible and that it will inevitably breach containment . 
  we will let it slide just this once . 
  make sure you get feedback on the main wiki forum and if it is n't positive there , then look at the criticisms and rewrite it accordingly . 
  do n't be a coldposter . 
  edit : from now on do n't post these , go to the main sub . 
  i do n't like it . 
  there are much better sources of information about fascism and this is too reductionist . 
  this will contribute to misinformation , instead of what it was intended to be . 
  u/goodbot _ badbot is a bot that tallies votes on bots and uploads them on a website . 
  since people really want marvin to be number 1 they clutter the comments with their votes . 
  i just now realized that eric blair was george orwell irl . 
  i always thought they used that picture as a reference and that eric blair was someone else . 
  automod tell us what happened to the bad bot, 
  understandable , have a great day . 
  * a.n.t.i.f.a , if you put it like that it makes it sound more like a judeo bolshevik illuminati . 
  if someone disagrees with you , always act condescendingly and as if they are not smart as you . 
  marvin is the resident skip retriever . 
  682 , for example . 
  you do n't need to agree with anything , but just being condescending and insulting people with different beliefs than you , makes you look like immature . 
  a m, 
  r a t i o n a l,
