  we 'll see who 's gon na be the hottest player in the solar system, 
  jay z and picasso . 
  the number one planet in the solar system is a short term goal . 
  we are planning to beat the sun too . 
  this system only has room for one hot rock . 
  some of these are horrible though . 
  people tend to mistake the csa flag for the diagonal stripes one . 
  it was a battle flag that eventually became the national flag in the form of [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mzaxlyb.png ), 
  i think most people knew they were going somewhere to be imprisoned , but i doubt they knew the details . 
  * they hate us because they anus *, 
  he did do it , though they forced him to make a public statement in which he was obviously told everything he was supposed to say by them . 
  ed says it in the first episode in the bar if i 'm not mistaken . 
  no not world war 11 !, 
  the coup was started by the pro secular military . 
  im on the train to istanbul !, 
  long overdue removal is imminent !, 
  ^ i ^ love ^ you, 
  they do n't even know he is a serb . 
  they just think every slav is a russian communist . 
  we have less murders and kidnappings than you and you 're here scared that you think that nikola with his kalashnikov is going to kidnap you . 
  later this year . 
  it 's going to sdcc on july 21st between 4:15 and 5:15 at the room 6a . 
  san diego comic con , it will be shown in the room 6a at the convention . 
  sdcc stands for san diego comic con . 
  it is a convention which is held in san diego . 
  in this convention the man in the high castle season 2 will be present among others , probably with something like a trailer and release date . 
  i did n't believe san diego existed either . 
  n ^ e ^ w m ^ e ^ x ^ i ^ c ^ o, 
  it 's just a fairy tale like everything else in california . 
  a pilot is a pitch for a show not a name of the first episode for a season . 
  they probably have multiple episodes done if it is releasing later this year . 
  idk know if the con will have an entire episode , it seems more likely we will get a trailer , release date and some talking about it . 
  sneak peak of the world map at 0:32, 
  at 0:32 you can see the map of america . 
  it shows that canada is split between the japanese and germany . 
  large parts of brazil and venezuela are controlled by germany , chile and argentina are just annexed by germany . 
  japan holds peru and it is hard to see if they control anything else . 
  the amazon is held by an unknown country . 
  also german greenland . 
  i did n't know people lived in siberia and had internet . 
  what you are seeing here are their nuclear suicide bombers . 
  they arm thousands with nuclear warheads produced in their many slave factories , they then enlist their elderly , sick and wounded for one final mission for the flipperland . 
  they do this in exchange for the lives of their families . 
  the flipper-staffel does n't accept cowardice . 
  i mentioned the balkans in a stream chat and that was viewed as starting arguments . 
  this was posted in july . 
  mods should delete this repost . 
  ovo se pretvorilo u shitstorm i samo dokazuje moj post da su oba suba puna nacionalista , i patriota . 
  let 's hope there is no love triangle . 
  most people watch for the world and the interesting side characters like john . 
  it is an old yet dank meme . 
  true bastions of social justice call an entire country savages and then say they deserve to be nuked immediately along with russia . 
  also a radical nationalist party supporting trump !? 
  that never happens in other countries . 
  can you tell me what rectangular flag mod is ? 
  thanks !, 
  will try it when i get home . 
  i remember trying something like that , but the torches look best with their own ring of rye and a date on it . 
  and puting a ring of rye in a ring of rye is lunacy . 
  i 'm getting downvoted ? 
  why though , did i pick a too common design or something ? 
  y so egy bby , i h8 u summuch, 
  the dumbocrats were always liberal slavers . 
  even shillary clinton said she gon na get slavery back into the country , look it up it 's on a facebook maymay . 
  it 's the number 1 tactical method for group suicide on the map !, 
  also do n't the forget the ones that fly to the out of bounds are behind c and then parachuting out leaving everyone to die for desertion . 
  well that 's an obscure reference but i get it . 
  how do you make those waving flags ? 
  what is a `` belgium '' . 
  is it an easter egg like the manhattan commune though the commune seems more plausible . 
  absolutely amazing that one . 
  it did n't use that cliche when people play commie countries to constantly talk about gulags and capitalist pigs . 
  also interesting is that he sometimes gave the countries he conquered some of his territory where it would make sense and he never took colonies . 
  the narrating sounds kind of authentic like what a communist from that time would think . 
  i still come back to it from time to time . 
  do you mean the the kingdom of flanders-wallonia ? 
  it exists in europe . 
  and i thought there was no hope . 
  excuse me but where is herr rommel 's mobile hq that has a million man ubermensch army shooting the asiatic hordes with bolt action v2 rifles.only a judeo-bolshevik agitator would leave this out . 
  are you calling herr rommel tiny ? 
  he single-handedly defeated the entire allied army in africa with a single ubermench tiger panzer v2 with a remote controlled super bomber on the cannon . 
  had he been sent to britain in 1945 with his tank they would have capitulated in a week , i saw it on the war thunder forums look it up . 
  [ do n't worry i fixed it , now it is a true weapon ] ( http://imgur.com/a/affca ), 
  asiatic hordes : is there a god ? 
  herr rommel : there is now . 
  [ here you go good sir . 
  they get shadowbanned if they mention it . 
  getting out of a 2 week relationship when you 're 14 ai n't easy . 
  if korea united , it would just have the same flag of the one that united the two . 
  both of them refer to themselves as the republic of korea not north or south . 
  still a good flag . 
  also if you look at georgia you can notice stallin is a minister under his first name . 
  this is because he actually is from georgia . 
  it 's obviously a superior country . 
  it is both democratic and the people 's while south korea is just a republic . 
  well they were both one country . 
  the only reason they are separated is because after ww2 the south was handed to the us while the north went to the ussr . 
  both installed friendly governments . 
  had the us not intervened in the korean war they would have been unified under north korea today and had china not intervened the opposite would be true . 
  the interesting thing is that south might not want to unite anymore , the south 's citizens support of unification is getting lower over the time .
