  you can play it irl if you join your local iww branch . 
  maybe [ this ] ( https://iww.org/content/iww-german-language-area-regional-organizing-comittee-glamroc ) will help . 
  you should probably ask around the socialist subs where there members are at . 
  they were pretty big and influential during the first half of the twentieth century but they faded into obscurity until the 2000s came around , however they have started growing again and have roughly tripled in size since 2000 . 
  [ here ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/timeline/40cc811407ed72a61aabbcfa0aaa459b.png ) is a chart of their growth . 
  parent comment is also horrible . 
  `` there is nothing communistic about unions '', 
  `` trade unions have historically been used by both communists and fascists to recruit for their cause . 
  both ideologies try to appeal to the working class in order to gain popular support , so i think that is where the line comes from . '', 
  the communists are the working class you fuckhead . 
  they frame it in a way as if communists are some external force trying to control the working class for their own gains like a capitalist would . 
  *** full class collabarationism *** ^ ^ / s, 
  they talk shit on antifa for using masks and hoods , and when they go out in polo shirts and are identified , cry about their life being ruined . 
  yeah , you forgot the other part of that phrase . 
  such a condescending dickhead . 
  nah , this is just someone who likes jerking the soviet flag without bothering to read anything from marx or other socialist writers . 
  these are the `` communists '' who whose knowledge of marxism boils down to thinking red alert 2 was pretty cool . 
  ancaps tend to be neo feudalists or fascists . 
  just red would be good , and with tonnes of symbolism even though it has no symbols . 
  your serbia flag is out of date . 
  yeah , best just keep it to neo-feudalism , though it is n't opposite . 
  they get called fascists because they commonly sympathize and support dictators and fascists while calling themselves anarchists . 
  until mighty c e n t r o a f r i k a comes and destroys him and then promptly dissolve . 
  there is a difference when you put people in prisons in order to protect larger society from them and to rehabilitate them if possible and when you throw people in prisons for minor crimes and have them be forced to work for either nothing or a pitiful wage in the interests of some companies . 
  capitalism beats that every 5 years , if you want to reduce it to that level . 
  one thing that really slowed down the growth of fascism in europe were nazi sympathizers who wanted free speech for fascists and debated the fascists , oh wait . 
  famines ? 
  lack of clean water ? 
  lack of vaccines ? 
  the bengal famine for example . 
  one might say that india was a poorly developed region that had problem with famines in the past , but then why hold socialist countries to a different standard ? 
  the bengal famine in india was a result of colonial policy , yet it is rarely touted as a famine caused by capitalism . 
  or the problems in africa that are caused by neo colonialism that takes more out of africa than it provides in foreign aid . 
  secondly these issues do not only affect poor and developing countries like the ones above . 
  do you think that americans do n't die due to lack of free healthcare ? 
  or other systemic issues created by poverty , even though they could be fixed ? 
  beyond deaths , do you wonder why america has forced labour in prisons for private corporations ? 
  slavery was abolished except as a punishment for crime , how is that ethical ? 
  syndicalist states do n't do that nor was that what i was reffering to . 
  centroafrika gets a choice to dissolve itself after it is created so that it can be more democratic . 
  i do n't know where these absolute powers you are talking about . 
  please no, 
  i do n't know if you can do it in hoi4 , but trying to achieve the borders of 1984 oceania is pretty fun . 
  i meant that 20 million people a year die from things like hunger , vaccine preventable diseases and lack of drinking water . 
  if our only qualifier is going to be whether a country is capitalist , then yes capitalism kills that much . 
  obviously it is more complicated than that , but then you need to hold up marxist countries to the same standard and not just generalize . 
  a lot of these deaths are preventable and were caused by colonialism and neo colonialism of today . 
  the point i was making was that you can just look at the death of capitalist countries without going further into it and draw the same conclusions from looking into the famines of the soviet union . 
  would this have happened in a non capitalist world ? 
  in my belief less so , but this is irrelevant since i 'm only trying to show how easy it is to make an argument like this . 
  * syndicate of art and culture . 
  no they get workplace democracy . 
  you l o n g b o y e. 
  not really , or at the very least that is heavily simplifying it . 
  the number one worker 's state below the equator . 
  the head cannon is that earl browder got paranoid after seeing the fall of france in europe and he wanted to consolidate the csa into an unbeatable superpower by taking over the western hemisphere . 
  i never understood why the austrians always join ? 
  like mate you have a choice between, 
  a : existing, 
  b : being a syndicalist puppet, 
  c : being a russian puppet, 
  and you chose the latter two ? 
  what has gotten into you karl ? 
  we can still enact white genocide if we put our minds to it . 
  the elder council of a.n.t.i.f.a is still optimistic . 
  remember by 2117 , 70 % of the us population must be non-white . 
  play the csa and break the chains , both in a metaphorical and physical sense . 
  he dont preach, 
  he only teach, 
  becoming a russian satellite ofc . 
  you have plenty of subs to debate in . 
  how do you think other political subs operate , at the very least we do n't maintain a facade of `` open '' discussion here . 
  i do n't understand why they call us this . 
  antifa is n't a particularly new thing , it has been around since the 20th century . 
  unlike the alt right , we are fine just being called communists , anarchists , socialists , etc. 
  it is like it is trying to spin us as something new that came from the internet memes , like the alt right . 
  yeah , no . 
  the owner of private property did not come there through his skill , even if he had , that does n't change the exploitative qualities of capitalism . 
  secondly a manager is not an owner , his job tends to be to supervise and inflict some sort of authority while being subordinate to whoever is above him . 
  democratic control means that nobody has a right to your rightful work , and that if you work there you have a share in how it is run and managed . 
  someone should n't be able to exploit someone thousands of kilometers away from him , purely because it is his `` legal '' property . 
  a man born poor is unlikely to ever reach out of his class , not because he is incompetent , but because he does n't have the advantages of a man born rich . 
  education , most importantly inheritance , large sums of money for accumulating more property and being safe from poverty etc. 
  e n l i g h t e n e d c e n t r i s m, 
  ah yes obama the radical . 
  do you remember when he started the farm collectivization policy and destroyed the kulaks . 
  e n l i g h t e n e d c e n t r i s m, 
  antifa are not an ideology . 
  they are n't all anarchists , since antifa is pretty much nothing more than a label or an umbrella term for a socialist counter protest . 
  edit : idk know about the downvotes . 
  it is n't a fucking organisation ffs . 
  they are trying to place themselves as `` rational '' and `` logical '' , be being a total pushover and enabling fascism . 
  i 'm really sick of people using shitty cyrillic . 
  hearts of iron 3 looks like a nightmare because of this . 
  just write it in the alphabet and save me the eye sore for fuck 's sake . 
  do n't forget about getting pissed if a game does n't make german vehicles objectively superior to others . 
  because it is s y m b o l i c . the cof should have a choice for a pure red flag as an ode to the paris commune . 
  he lets his grandson yahya play around with the navy and air force occasionally , in case you were wondering . 
  like every good granpa ' should . 
  t.e lawrence of eurasia .
