  i believe that would be considered brigading , this is against reddit rules and can get you a site wide ban . 
  why pick sides ? 
  get you a man who can do both . 
  it appears to be an entente ship sailing to chicago , i do n't know who controls chicago , but it probably is n't the federal union seeing as they are doing espionage on whoever controls it . 
  it was a gentleman 's agreement between the commune and germany to pause the war , until the rampaging egyptians had been put down . 
  once the egyptians were gone , and everyone was in their place , the war could resume . 
  i never knew that . 
  i know people get banned for commenting in other subs , since you can see referrals . 
  ah , if that 's right , then this post should be fine for the most part , admin wise . 
  now that 's, 
  capital : a critique of political economy, 
  vol . 
  `` man , fuck rich people . '', 
  then it kind of confuses me as to why they are referred to as trade unions if they are industrial unions . 
  wow , i thought you were generalizing what they were saying before i watched the video , but they actually said that to the letter . 
  amazing . 
  we all do . 
   no one has a right to labour or services of another person . 
  we agree on this comrade . 
  every man a king . 
  maybe you could contact the mods on r/scp and ask them . 
  a good number of them run the wiki . 
  frist of all how dare y ou, 
  the only true non social democratic way of organizing is making communist memes on reddit . 
  everything else is irrelevant . 
  and we only have one unironic nazi in the sub . 
  [ of course op is a nazi sympathizer or possible nazi . ], 
  ( https://np.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/6r0xmj/historians_of_askreddit_what_lies_about_ww2_have/dl1p7ta/ ), 
  he said nms was one of his favorite games of the year , so the jerk balances out . 
  post it on another sub . 
  enjoy the confusion . 
  maybe r/fullcommunism would like it . 
  true , hbomberguy does n't jerk it much . 
  he is anti gamer gate and said nms was one of his gotys . 
  we now know cersei got that useless sweet floor job done . 
  now she can strategize while at the same time watching she does n't trip on a rock . 
  they fix a lot every patch . 
  hell , naked corvettes should be dead after this update . 
  [ here 's one found recently , estimated to be from around the 15th century . ], 
  ( http://www.crapasaurus.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/dick-butt-on-great-wall-of-china.jpg ), 
  good / s. 
  the mods like to do weird shit , they banned prog rock as well . 
  i remember when the sub turned into a assad personality cult . 
  i wont say his username , i 'll post an album of his greatest hits , when i find them . 
  why ? 
  put toghether hastily , but it is done . 
  there was more but i could n't muster the will power . 
  are there ever any legal repercussions when undercover cops are caught in groups , parties . 
  i like how the cops thought that a protester was carrying a knife so they put him in the back of the car , and then discovered he was an undercover cop and that the knife was actually an extra magazine for his handgun . 
  ummmm, 
  the difference is that the uob and cof do n't rely as much on international capitalism for an oil shitfest to hurt them too much . 
  venezuela is not socialist , their oil relying economy means that crises like that can happen , while the uob and the cof have the stability of their economic system . 
  ( unless direct rule happens , ) black monday arguably helped them more than the other way around . 
  the countries with the least losses were the philippines , the republic of china ( nationalist exiles in taiwan ) , and north korea . 
  even when you add up their losses you come up with only 85 dead . 
  not directly related to your post , just found it interesting . 
  because you were pirating applications !, 
  / r/badpolitics, 
  / r/badphilosophy, 
  maybe / r/badhistory, 
  keep going , you can get a bingo . 
  say something about economics . 
  you cant make a historical simulation game if you beat around the bush as horrible those things were . 
  naked corvettes will be fixed this update . 
  would n't it just be much better if poor children had to do child labour so they can get an education , while rich children do n't need to ? 
  west berlin was n't administered directly by west germany , iirc . 
  weirdly enough , they do n't mind putting in the nanjing massacre in hoi 2 . 
  vicky 2 also had the revelation that your colonies are murderous exploitative shitfests . 
  kaiserreich has elections and stuff like that when you 're syndicalist . 
  unless you let mosley win the position of chairman , and let him merge the positions of general secretary and chairman , and then cry when lawrence of arabia starts a royalist revolution in your dystopian britain . 
  and then continue to ask yourself why you just did n't let the congregationists win . 
  yeah , but then we need full w e a l t h r e d i s t r i b u t i o n as well . 
  [ darkest hour ] could you do an event where the uk surrenders to germany if they are nuked 2 times , and an equivalent one with the us perhaps ? 
  after the surrender the vanilla events where the empire collapses and britain gets to annex the commonwealth can stay unchanged . 
  as we all know , non americans are simply unable to organize a functional society . 
  they must be administered by the benevolent us armed forces . 
  thanks , it will spice up the game and give ai germaby a better chance of winning the war in europe . 
  do i just put that in a text file and then put it into the events folder ? 
  yeah , me too . 
  it 's okay man we exist , we are the og kaiserreich players . 
  woke thread . 
  actually it 's based of what lenin wrote iirc . 
  not the bible . 
  it is led by jack reed and a confederation of worker 's unions so yeah , it pretty much is the iww . 
  break, 
  ah , thanks then . 
  that seems pretty easy to do , will try . 
  long live comrade reed !, 
  what do you mean , it 's perfectly right . 
  just not for the csa you 're thinking off . 
  the combiend syndicates of america under chairman reed . 
  that 's pretty awesome , since the commie mod is sadly dead . 
  [ here ] ( http://kaiserreich.wikia.com/wiki/combined_syndicates_of_america ), 
  they 're not nazis ? 
  no they do n't ? 
  the closest thing to jew hating socialists were the strasserists who hated them , though not from a racial perspective . 
  how is it spam , if he just says something in support of communism ? 
  yeah , that 's what i meant to say . 
  / r/badpolitics, 
  / r/badphilosophy,
