  as we all know us foreign intervention always ends in stable democracies . 
  then someone points out that maduro has a lot of support among the poor , but it turns out he does n't because this other redditor says that he has no support because he is poor and venezuelan and does n't support , obviously not anecdotal at all . 
  hmmm , i wonder what happens when there are two opposed sides in an unstable country with another country actively trying to overthrow the government ? 
  wait , are you badmouse ? 
  you 're not supposed to see daenerys as a hero really , it 's all kind of grey . 
  i 'd say sam is the most morally clean main character , i guess sansa comes second for me . 
  even jon hanged a 12 year old for treason . 
  where do you think the police are ? 
  that is most likely completely bullshit . 
  the most drastic thing that could happen is white people becoming slightly less than 50 percent of the populace . 
  this does n't even mean they no longer have a majority , since the other 50 % will consist of multiple ethnicities . 
  does n't even matter even if whites did go extinct ( not that it will happen ) . 
  it 's not like skin colors are particularly precious . 
  whynotjustshootthemall.jpeg ( * ironnically * ), 
  they started as a service that kills slaves out of mercy . 
  but they went on bigger and better things . 
  no , the pilot is a separate thing iirc . 
  nice , ... 
  jesus christ , antifa does n't stand for anything . 
  it is n't a.n.t.i.f.a ffs . 
  see there are these two words one is anti and the other is fascism , when you combine these two you get antifa . 
  riveting stuff . 
  bigoted against trans people is the closest alternative . 
  we 've never been at war with the commune , our enemy has always been the eternal union of britain . 
  all who say otherwise are proponents of reedism and have voluntarily contracted syphilis and had sex with prostitutes in order to start epidemics in the proletarian districts . 
  in other news boot production has increased by 50 % in the last year . 
  [ anthem plays ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f43dqnmowi0 ), 
  do you have pictures of [ earl browder ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/5/5c/browder-earl-r-1939.jpg/220px-browder-earl-r-1939.jpg ) on every street . 
  or are you an undercover agent of reed sent to undermine the party ? 
  i do n't understand this comment . 
  could you phrase it in a literal sense and not a metaphor ? 
  from what i 'm getting , you are supporting the organization of fascism provided that they do n't commit violence or other things like that . 
  but with fascism that is inevitable . 
  i remember some fascists over at / r/debatefascism said communist parties can exist in a fascist state , provided that they do not threaten the government . 
  this makes no sense , as a communist party will always advocate for the end of the fascist state , even if it confined itself to only use means like spreading propaganda and having newspapers , it still threatens the state just by spreading anti state sentiment which can turn into a threat outside of the party . 
  great news , brother !, 
  with such purity in our streets , the equatorial front can only end in the total victory of oceanian forces . 
  the war 's end can be expected by the end of the year . 
   utopian, 
  are you implying marxist syndicalism is anything other than materialist and scientific you natpop fuck ? 
  we do n't want to return to a non existent golden age like you idealistic racists . 
  though long is the absolute boy . 
  as opposed to the paternal autocracy , where the life of the average citizen is not considered expendable or just a cog at all ? 
  besides materialist does n't mean fetishizing the borg . 
  you 're gon na have to take this up to der_reichstag channel on discord . 
  and i got temp banned from r/socialism for saying spencer should be shot . 
  i do n't blame the mods for it , they are required to do that . 
  that is why you should always * ironically * just to be safe . 
  you need to learn about this really nice book called the conquest of bread by anarchist santa claus . 
  the oc thing was a joke , since i used the bucket tool on the image and wrote the csa in comic sans . 
  bread is a meme in anarchist subs , so i thought it would fit in with the partly anarcho syndicalist csa . 
  it 's a joke , not telling a message about the merits of bread redistribution . 
  anarchists like their bread , and there really is n't that much more to it . 
  the syndicalist nations probably do n't suffer from poor management famines . 
  since the governing is largely left to the individual farms and factories , there is no real central authority to take your grain , unless you are a kulak , then the local peasants will take your land and your fate is largely put up to them . 
  the average life citizen is considered because the average citizen is the state so to speak , due to close to everything being a democratic process . 
  unless of course , those lads from the maximists take over , ... 
   do n't know if it was bullshit . 
  well , yes it is . 
  this is a basic historical fact , you could have watched some fucking documentary on national geographic , before repeating nazi propaganda . 
  thank you for the f . a great tragedy has happened . 
  boatsex is now much more bitter for me . 
   not playing dh kaiserreich daily . 
  do n't link that piece of shit . 
  wonder if it will ever be banned . 
  till popular media fucking publicizes what the fucks that run this site are doing and calls them out for essentially letting terrorists organize on it , then they will remove those subs . 
  [ it is in the syndie music pack for dh . ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_f2j4ceciki ), 
  does n't help us much if the admins do n't give a shit . 
  they are content with not caring . 
  he knew what nazis would be using as their insult a hundred years early . 
  truly a man ahead of his time . 
  i think it is fair to say that the nazis got cucked . 
  fucking pelley supporters . 
  at least huey long has a spine and sees the irony of having a giant l on your party uniform . 
  once reed takes atlanta , the union state will collapse in on itself , just like what happened to the federalists after the fall of denver . 
  the revanchists in canada will then get their share for invading new england . 
  pays respect to the fallen . 
  ofc, 
  anynomous is n't an organization , it 's just a name you can use for yourself and your group . 
  they also implied that some of them are going to go the writer 's apartment . 
  mention me too thanks, 
  alienation ? 
  you have the spam channel in the discord for that, 
  antifa literally does n't do anything except counter protest , because it is n't a group . 
  it is a label , no central organization , hierarchy or anything . 
  every socialist counter protest to the right can be considered antifa if the protesters wish so . 
  they are getting shut down by their provider , so they made a fake `` anynomus '' attack , so that they seem like a poor victim of hacking iirc . 
  yeah , when you repeat some tia drivel , they seem pretty bad . 
  communism and socialism was popular during the first half of the 20th centrury . 
  you could make an argument that socialism is also american . 
  what i have found on the other subs , is that a lot of people are claiming heather as an american patriot and a defender of the first amendment , and some others just say that she was a concerned local citizen who did n't collaborate with antifa . 
  the_dipshit also seems to have some upvote brigades , for the antifa is fascist crap . 
  the process of trying to pass of a victim as one of your own , is not much different than when lenin wrote about it . 
  what i have found on the other subs , is that a lot of people are claiming heather as an american patriot and a defender of the first amendment , and some others just say that she was a concerned local citizen who did n't collaborate with antifa . 
  the_dipshit also seems to have some upvote brigades , for the antifa is fascist crap . 
  the process of trying to pass of a victim as one of your own , is not much different than when lenin wrote about it . 
  yeah , it is annoying how people that would have called her a criminal when she was alive , are now all about her being a concerned citizen . 
  people are saying `` oh there is a difference between her and antifa '' , yeah the latter does n't fit into your `` both sides are wrong '' world view . 
  fucking fascists .
