  the terran republic is *** 100 % patriot 100 % terran 100 % stronk and will get us back to holy terra so that we may purge the xenos with our god emperoer of mankind . 
  we know that the yellow people will come from the east , drink water from the drina and then conquer the world . 
  the problem is that it implies that kosovo is an albanian country . 
  it is supposed to be a country of six fully equal cultures ( hence the stars ) and this flag makes it out to be a part of albania . 
  emperor , lead your space marines x2 let it be seen they do n't fear anyone x2 from holy terra to macraigg , mankind 's country attacked from all sides by tyrannid ustashe x2, 
  at this point they should just lay down and accept their collectivized agriculture and stolen toothbrushes . 
  give yourself a pat on the back for that sick burn that totally makes sense and was never made before . 
  franco why couldnt you have just died and not decided to restore the monarchy for no fucking reason . 
  diseases can only cross one sea tile and unless they hit land they wont spread across the sea . 
  iceland is actually impossible to infect from the outside in the game . 
  hey that 's my wife in my livonia game . 
  no every muslim in america was informed by the collective muslim terrorist hivemind to stay home . 
  i saw it on infowars sweety i know what i am talking about . 
  i wouldnt call obama a hero . 
  [ artist 's representation of this ideology . 
  yeah , this is the cinema sins video . 
  we wo n't be missing them . 
  it 's voat 's problem now . 
  they are voat 's problem now . 
  they will fit in nicely . 
  and the admins also appear to be monitoring and banning every new sub they attempt to create as seen [ here . ], 
  ( https://www.reddit.com/r/debatealtright/comments/5ri7ka/altright_subreddit_banned/dd7gqze/ ) this is the first time admins did something good in a long time . 
  why do we even bother being in this liberal pit . 
  i love how they are telling us we live in echo chambers or some shit like that . 
  calling the imperium nazis is rather wrong . 
  the emperor has nothing but the best interests of humanity in mind , the only problem is that he is a corpse that needs 1000 human sacrifices a day to stay alive and the problem that the government does n't acknowledge anything he commands them , assuming he can even say anything . 
  yes i have and while there was an option it was greyed out . 
  this was done in the main menu and not during gameplay . 
  is this a common solution for this problem in mass effect 3 ? 
  no but i ' l try installing it on my hard drive, 
  this is xbox and and a used copy . 
  i 'm pretty sure the xbox does n't have a installation process like pc . 
  antifa is n't liberal though . 
  it stands either way i guess . 
  nazis are n't socialists though . 
  that is r/badpolitics stuff . 
  apparently hegelian dialect is in fact mass far left wing propaganda . 
  we 're truly getting some revolutionary breakthroughs in philosophy . 
  well if it does n't work out i 'll just return it . 
  the worst part is that they will probably just give me a gift card instead of money if they even allow me to give it back . 
  the left faction ( and calling it left is a bit of a stretch ) of the party that consisted of [ strasserists ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/strasserism ) was purged and one of the strasser brothers was killed during the kristalnacht while the other was exiled into czechoslovakia . 
  [ here ] ( http://europeanhistory.about.com/od/germanyandprussia/fl/was-adolf-hitler-a-socialist-debunking-a-historical-myth.htm ) is an article with sources about this . 
  the way i understood it is that they used to house almost all the knowledge of humanity in them and at the time of their existence humanity was much more advanced than in 41k . 
  this makes finding a complete stc like finding the holy grail and would start an era of advancement for the imperium . 
  this is because the stcs that are occasionally found are corrupted and only have partial data . 
  do you mean robbaz or pewdiepie ? 
  if someone ever posts a refutation with sources to your argument just call them triggered and then get pissed off but not enough to not censor your curse words . 
  a random paragraph about holdomor without sources with a heavily disputed claim is also perfectly valid . 
  if it has legitimate sources , why not ? 
  the linked comment has sources that are trustworthy and from legitimate sources and it is n't really about stalin . 
  why does it matter what sub it is from if the comment is legitimate ? 
  ** the **, 
  nazi germany did n't try to go through belgium to bypass the maginot . 
  they invaded belgium so that the allies would send their troops there and then passed through the ardennes and encircled their army . 
  the oversized millitary budget is the only thing stopping isis from putting shakira 's laws in america sweetie . 
  ask my brother in law , he was in the navy . 
  kind of unrelated but the balkans do n't really have any border gore , especially a hundred years ago . 
  far left memes are spicier . 
  what i do n't get is that hungarian people are afraid `` that the mkp will cut up the constitution and establish a dictatorship of the proletariat '' while at the same time angry for a lack of worker 's reform ? 
  a dictatorship of the proletariat is not a literal dictatorship , rather a democracy which is ruled from the bottom up and with the workers being the primary ( and only ) class . 
  the dictatorship in the name of the term indicates that it is the class of workers that holds the power rather than a dictatorship of the bourgeois in which the capitalist class class holds the power and is a term for liberal democracy . 
  if someone is going to vote for a communist party , then the dop is pretty much what they expect from the party . 
  yeah i get that , it 's just the people 's fears contradict each other . 
  angry with the lack of reforms while afraid that a dop will be established which is pretty much the opposite of a lack of reforms . 
  h bomb stands for hydrogen bomb and is used today as well . 
  heisenberg device is just another name . 
  when that democratically elected government is actually an authoritarian group of soviet sjws who are attacking the innocent , powerless and defenseless military elite who just wanted to institute a dictatorship through a coup . 
  does it have a backstory ? 
  i guess that marine is also a slaanesh marine . 
  i find them creepier than nurgle 's lads , who are more disgusting than scary . 
  i mean space marines are kind of dicks , but they are not insane and serve a benevolent corpse emperor at the very least . 
  the white stars represent the 6 major ethnic groups of kosovo , not liberalism or the eu . 
  imgurian reactionaries are classy as always . 
  keep it up . 
  do n't tarnish the dreadnought 's reputation with that shit . 
  the imperium of man would hate nazi germany 's guts if they had known they existed . 
  da ork boyz are better than ye chaos humies . 
  we dont need no flags cuz orks were made for fightin and winnin not flagging . 
  the imperium does n't really have on have that , at least the emperor does n't , since he is somewhat benevolent . 
  they would have hated nazi germany because they see all humans as equals and unity between them to be important . 
  gtfo with that racist shit . 
  it 's an alt history show where germany won the battle of britain and the story follows a british detective who has to work for the nazis . 
  in the universe the ussr and nazi germany never went to war and are now allies . 
  the opening scene is zhukov on a diplomatic visit to occupied britain . 
  as you can see in the pic there is a scene in witch there is a nazi flag with a hammer and sickle and what looks like a poster about marx . 
  it 's like horseshoe theory but in ww2 . 
  possibly but i ca n't see the alliance happening . 
  hitler pretty much imprisoned marxists and communists as soon as he could so i do n't see them being able to pull it off with no tension . 
  the book is n't anti socialist . 
  orwell was a revolutionary radical socialist that fought for the communists/anarchists in the spanish civil war and wrote a book about his experience , homage to catalonia in which he had praised them . 
  it was against stalinism . 
  yeah i know , big fan of that . 
  main character is kind of shit . 
  side characters are much better . 
  season 2 is overall a big improvement . 
  he did n't just disapprove , he literally razed their central holy world and then traveled there personally to berate them . 
  some of the word bearers went insane , others killed themselves and others joined chaos . 
  it is ss gb . 
  the show just came out . 
  [ refrence ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mvww8rhxf2e&amp;t=384s ),
