  it was somewhat of a success at the very least . 
  the tsarist regime needed to be overthrown and it was . 
  i do n't know whether you like the boksheviks and anarchists more than the whites , but even a lot of whites did n't want the tsar back . 
  wif seems to be a lot more `` hardcore '' . 
  i used to make the mistake of making armies with 4 divisions which is bad , due to requiring promotions for a relatively small increase . 
  if your army is large enough without a large enough leader pool , wasting skill on promotions is bad imo . 
  i do n't play wif , mostly because i do n't have the patience to wait 6 years for war . 
  have you tried entering belgium from both the netherlands and the ardennes . 
  getting through belgium was a slog , but i believe it would be easier to have the dutch front troops try to go the other way around and support attack ( provided that the command limit has not peaked ) . 
  by 1940 , i doubt it is possible to have an army with many tanks and i doubt the french have either ( they do n't in my experience ) also try to get 20 something divisions in pockets , a good place is amsterdam , due to their being a large chance of troops being there in good numbers . 
  the british army is portrayed negatively at any rate . 
  they essentially give out death sentences for looting , while constantly looting themselves , so that they can ensure they have a monopoly over food ( which is closest thing to a currency ) and force the survivors to work in pitiful conditions for food . 
  i find it interesting how a new society starts to form from the old one , with very basic healthcare and education systems returning along with the mining industry , as bleak as the world of threads is , i suppose at the very least a functional society might return to the world in a couple of hundred years maybe less . 
  though i 'd guess the former uk would probably go through a warlord like stage . 
  the difference between threads and say , fallout ( the later ones , i suppose , the first two were pretty bleak as well ) is the perspective and the outlook it takes on the post apocalypse . 
  fallout views it more as a somewhat dark humour sandbox where you get to either be a good or bad person , while threads shows the utter tragedy of it all , though i suppose the difference between action rpgs and movies is inherently similar to this , rather than just a single case . 
  i meant the overthrowal of the tsarists in general , sorry . 
  good think i picked the decision to restart the siberian work camp program , it seems . 
  the kerensky government wanted to continue the war with germany , i believe , so they lost a lot of support . 
  lenin had an idea called revolutionary defeatism , saying that the working class has more to gain from losing a war to be able to take over the government . 
  so even if you do n't consider yourself a socialist , there are still some upsides to them , imo . 
  kr dh , is more polished and feature complete ( though still being worked on ) . 
  kaiserreich for dh also adds a new type of unit , and makes some changes like the fact that illyria does not exist in dh . 
  most of the real differences come from the difference between the games themselves , and not so much kr . 
  yeah , it was released recently . 
  he means the fact that the country was under a oppressive regime , the revolution had more people than just islamists . 
  the democratic government was overthrown in 1953 because of british oil interests . 
  do you think just because there are less clothes restrictions , a government is n't oppressive ? 
  / r/lewronggeneration, 
  yeah , but they could make the star pattern circular , one of the puerto rican groups designed it , and so had i design one , though i forgot if mine had 51 stars . 
  there are two separate teams working on the two . 
  your mother called , the tendies are ready . 
  come out of the basement . 
  i remember in dh , if germany gets beat by france and is separated into sub states , the prussia sub state can get overthrown by natpops and rebel against france . 
  they tend to get put down pretty quickly though . 
  iirc the ministers for this nat pop prussia were irl nazis . 
  r/murica in a nutshell, 
  i talk about killing communists and blindly support my country , and have the idealized concept of my country as a second religion , i 'm so badass , scraaaw . 
  and then i will use 1984 as an example of leftists having blind faith in their governments . 
  here , this guy has a video of it [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nt4jwnxfx4&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=5m42s ) , i timestamped it when it happens , it is called the prussian revolution . 
  i believe you also get an event when the military defect to the counter revolution , though i really do n't know if you can survive the war with france . 
  there appears to be someone shadow banned here . 
  it is a ban , applied automattically or by an admin , that never notifies you that you have received a site wide ban , from your perspective , you can vote and make comments , but from everyone else 's point of view , the only evidence that you even exist is if a comment display count is showing more comments than there appear to be . 
  some of them did n't actually understand liberty prime was a satire of american anti-communism and not actually meant to be taken seriously . 
  there was that guy on tifu that only recently realized that he has been shadowbanned for the entirety of his account 's history . 
  he was an active user too , and wondered why his posts literally never caused any reaction . 
  reinforce the fire guy legions !, 
  in for disappointment for free gold , like everything else . 
  well , you sound like an immature asshole , but i suppose i do n't know you well enough to judge . 
  so pretty much the only way to win as prussia , is to hope russia has n't become syndicalist ? 
  you ca n't beat communist santa claus , even if you wanted to . 
  enjoy literally repeating 1950s rhetoric . 
  as opposed to the non moderate hillary clinton ? 
  why should someone have to vote for a candidate purely on her being a lesser evil ? 
  clinton was shit , and lost to cheetos man , the left is n't guilty for the right and her being horrible . 
  few people actually want actual war . 
  they want a romanticized version that makes them feel good , without any serious consequences . 
  it is easy to have a jingoistic attitude , when you do n't have to actually fight that war , or endure occupation , famine or anything like that . 
  true , but not the way you think it is . 
  the us is not a paragon of freedom , never was . 
  not that post ww2 ussr was either but acting like this is a propaganda movie with `` good guys '' and the `` bad people '' is still wrong . 
  maybe im looking too much in a circle jerk sub, 
  well umm , about that . 
  yeah , what happens is these guys shoot up a russian mall with an undercover american agent there , and as they leave turns out they knew who the agent was all along . 
  and then they leave his corpse there , and the russian government is like `` ah fuck i ca n't believe you 've done this '' and goes to war with the us . 
  riveting stuff . 
  i understand that , friend . 
  but i do n't get why more blame should be put on the voter rather than the candidate , at the very least ? 
  that makes sense , actually . 
  still bad that there are only two viable choices , meaning that many opinions are underrepresented , and that some candidates have a chance , purely by the other candidate being horrid rather than being particularly good themselves . 
  probably not her rights , the rights of poorer people like her . 
  now that 's a europe i can respect . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  it has been fully capitalist since the 1990s . 
  see , this thing called the warsaw pact does n't exist anymore , and neither does n't the second world anymore . 
  claiming romania is communist , is like saying that the uk is feudal . 
  are you talking about hbomberguy ? 
  edit : it is matthewmatosis , not hbomb . 
  he sacrificed himself , so he could bring us a better vidya . 
  we were so wrong . 
  forgive us sean , and bring us back into the light \\ \\ [ t ] / \\ \\ [ t ] / \\ \\ [ t ] / \\ \\ [ t ] /, 
  russia is somewhat op in dh . 
  you can integrate pretty much all of eurasia . 
  i do n't get how the entirety of ukraine can be considered fully russian territory in a year , same with finland . 
  savinkov must just be so charming , that everyone is turned into a russian . 
  actually having opinions is fucking lame , dude , . . 
  look at this fuck that actually has beliefs , how unenlightened . 
  if the comment count is wrong . 
  sean is my religion of choice now . 
  automod should now say sean did nothing wrong . 
  yes , but ... have you seen his gdp growth rate huh ? 
  i believe sargon said that in a debate against thefinnishbolshevik and some other communists recently , as if it somehow nullifies the dictatorship . 
  please no upvotes . 
  the kingdom of guam can defend itself if it wants to . 
  * mind receptors witness glory from the burning of the flame *, 
  * the fires of the forge are like the trumpets which proclaim *, 
  * our engines at full power , your destruction is our aim *, 
  pretty much all of them were . 
  over in / r/worldnews . 
  a lot of `` venezuelans '' think this is fine , because anything is good to overthrow a dictatorship .
