  yeah that one was pretty noticable though . 
  the combined syndicates of america was a really odd name . 
  i like it . 
  but i think you should add an outline to the crescent preferably a color out of the union jack . 
  not 45 percent of rabbits in europe . 
  it 's 45 percent of wild rabbits in france alone . 
  it also killed 35 percent of domestic rabbits so mr. fluffy was also affected . 
  i posted it on 9gag to get the watermark and it got 8000 upvotes and 200 comments so okay then . 
  yeah . 
  if it makes you feel any better i was called out in the comments, 
  the true hero in this story . 
  well yeah i did n't say when . 
  joe is like randall from thomas 's school . 
  his actions are directed inward no duty to his country and very morally degenarate . 
  alright i got a bit too close to nazism there . 
  she was a famous film maker employed by the nazis to make propaganda . 
  the joke is she is making a mein kampf movie in kaiserreich . 
  it 's a tendency for royal coat of arms to be very detailed . 
  which is nice but it would n't look nice on a flag most of the time . 
  luckily the kingdom of italy had a different symbol on their flag . 
  the italian communist party was the second most popular party in italy . 
  in 1976 it recieved 34 % of the vote . 
  it eventually became more moderate and evolved into the democratic party of the left . 
  this might make it have more sense . 
  another interesting fact is that the current majority party the democratic party formed out of the communist party ( though not directly there were multiple successors before it ) . 
  it is a major problem particularly in the south . 
  political parties were ranked as the most corrupt institution . 
  i recommend you ask an italian for some personal experience rather than a yugoslav . 
  source ? 
  so what ? 
  the people of volgograd want to change their name back to stallingrad it 's their choice . 
  you 're a waste of code colorizebot . 
  i 'm just gon na stick spamming the canthearyoubot because he actually knows how to be useful . 
  are the people commenting even serbian ? 
  ( she 's a serb according to the bio ), 
  the proportions also feel kind of weird . 
  the swiss flag has been extremely mistreated and defamed . 
  oh for fuck 's sake stop throwing around genocide like you know what it means . 
  a communist country has never existed because the entire concept of a communist society is that there is no state . 
  what did exist during the cold war was state socialism . 
  go read a wikipedia article and you 'll get it . 
  you dont get it , that is communism . 
  look just read a wiki or a book about it . 
  if you ignore it maybe it will design itself . 
  ukraine did n't consent . 
  if you look to the south of our country you will notice a similar thing . 
  i hate the whole `` crimea was asking for it '' . 
  i fourth this, 
  pretty sure . 
  i dont think you 're getting it right . 
  the way i understood it is that essentially society is on a path that goes through different phases like feudalism to capitalism and the logical conclusion to that path is communism . 
  on the road to communism there is socialism which is a society in which the worker class collectively own the means of production where as in capitalism it is owned by the bourgoise class . 
  eventually the world will transition into communism from socialism and utopia will be achieved . 
  in communism there is no state as it is no longer needed and everyone 's needs will be fullfilled due to the abundance of goods and services a developed communist society would bring . 
  `` from each according to his ability , to each accordong to his needs '' a slogan from marx himself . 
  the whole government takes your milk and gives you what you need to survive is more with the marxist leninist states like the ussr . 
  oddly marx thought that socialism was going to happen in capitalist industrialised countries like germany rather than agricultural countries like russia and china . 
  feel free to correct me im no expert . 
  no need to argue . 
  have you perhaps learned of this new underrated indie game from a small studio the witcher 3 : legacies of geraldo . 
  unlike todd the liar , . . they didnt remove rp from the g. i see everyone on this site is constantly praising todd but not le humble geraldo . 
  another person living in your head that is like a roommate hence the term headmmate . 
  attention seeking or mental illness , pick one . 
  the union of american socialist republics of course, 
  fucking chad stole devilsgun girl, 
  note that this is not amazon 's video because it is blocked in a lot of countries apparently , so sorry for posting this channel . 
  well it seems like the resistance kidnaps her so at least they know what 's up . 
  at least he can feel the 60s experience that way . 
  no it isnt . 
  pedophile does n't mean rapist or molester . 
  the comment section has gone feels over reals pretty quick . 
  it is kind of odd how emotional people got . 
  it 's a sign !, 
  idk . 
  look at the description . 
  idk it looks right to me, 
  yeah i know , though it does n't matter what i think , you can see the flag anyway you want and it will be as valid as i see it . 
  sportacus is not a true spartacist just a class traitor bought by the bourgoise to keep the children from learning of the struggle by keeping them occupied with health . 
  well we have ships , tanks , soldiers and water confirmed so we know that . 
  do i get extra gulag credits for being a socialist ? 
  also marxist-leninist-pinguism was a ~ ~ mistake ~ ~ great innovation to socialism !, 
  ~ ~ if you look at pingu 's older writings he calls socialism a `` temporary fringe ideology '' and 20 years later while he was general secretary letters were found addressed to several influential firms in the west . 
  do you think it is a coincidence that in 1957 when comrade sputnik publicly addressed these facts he was immediately sent to space under the official pretense of `` starting work on space communism '' . 
  pinguism is and always will be a traitor 's cause to the worker . ~ ~, 
  edit : nkvd explained things to me , i understand now . 
  we all die a little inside when a neo-nazi comments how he likes the rosa luxemburg movie because there is a `` dead commie '' at the end . 
  [ we joke about it , but do n't underestimate our good friend scotty on his political theory ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bnrgw0g-_w ), 
  well anarchism is democratic by nature ( excluding ancaps ), 
  anarchism sees societal hirearchies as bad and opressive and therefore wants to reduce them as much as possible and advocates for direct democracy , a good look at how anarchism was in practice is in the spanish civil war . 
  the whole anarchism means chaos was just a way to discourage in the 19th century . 
  i 'm a socialist , not an anarchist so you might want to ask someone who is more informed . 
  there was a guy that said syndicalist catalonia was proof that socialism was unsustainable because they could n't beat the nationalists in the war . 
  it is a well known fact that if a socialist society is implemented it will immediately be teleported to southern europe and a civil war will start and the also teleported fascist countries will support the opposing side . 
  there is a hotfix on the forum download it and apply it , this is a very common thing . 
  what 's wrong with communism ? 
  you mean it does n't work on a large scale ? 
  well it is n't supposed to be centralized . 
  marx on his death bed : shit i forgot about human nature , laissez faire is the only way !, 
  * dies *, 
   source : the black book of communism,
