must not forget [ this guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mika_hakkinen ) as well . 
  interesting to see the swiss perspective on this . 
  regardless of the support though , it would have been good to see the same charts showing non-eu countries with close ties to the eu . 
  even if the number is as low as 2-5 % ( which i suspect is likely ) , it still raises the question as to why people feel like eu citizens when not in the eu . 
  i 'd like to see the one for norway too . 
  an interesting one to show would be switzerland . 
  i bet a decent percentage of them feel like eu citizens . 
  i thought we already did :p, 
  think of it like a pizza . 
  only : double the amount of cheese . 
  replace the tomato sauce with a thick b\u00e9chamel sauce . 
  replace the bread base with chicken , coating in breadcrumbs . 
  serve with garlic mayonnaise ( essential ) , chips and salad ( optional ) . 
  you can even have toppings on it too . 
  a full parmo is usually around 9-10 inches , but around 1.5-2x the thickness of a pizza , and a much heavier meal thanks to the vast amount of chicken . 
  i 'm from north east england , and we get lettuce with our parmos : https://warosu.org/data/ck/img/0039/31/1350088096151.jpg i do n't usually eat the salad though , i 'm a bit full after the 2500 calories of artery-clogging goodness . 
  that 's assuming the parties stay the same . 
  another factor could be that peoples views stay more or less the same , but the parties change as they appeal to a new generation of voters and so the older generation opts for the parties with more traditional ( or in some cases , antiquated ) policy ideas . 
  in the case of peoples voting habbits changing , it all really depends on which policies the individual values most . 
  there is often a trend towards voting to benefit ones self i.e. 
  when you start to accumulate wealth as you get older , it 's only natural that you would want to preserve some of that for your children , so you vote for the party that supports that idea . 
  yes but he 's saying that if instead of voting ukip , the vote was split evenly between the other parties then some of those parties may fall below the barrier and therefore the eurosceptic movement will have less seats . 
  i 'd rather just pitch up a tent and live in that ... ca n't do that in westminster anymore though . 
  a solution to the shortage is to increase access to funding for training in those disciplines and to improve the salary and working conditions of those jobs to attract more people to the profession . 
  interestingly , the current uk government is doing the opposite on both counts . 
  they 're [ cutting funding for nurse training ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-36336830 ) and [ imposing contracts with worse pay ( taking into account unsociable hours ) and conditions on junior doctors ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-36714792 ) . 
  the number of migrant workers required in the nhs is going to increase post brexit because our domestic policy is worsening the shortage . 
   there is no room for religions in school . 
  i agree , in that religion should not be taught in schools and children should not be indoctrinated . 
   it does n't matter whether muslims were the only ones to pray . 
  it certainly does if the ban came into affect in order to prevent only the muslims from practicing their religion ; that means a blanket ban was applied to avoid unlawful discrimination when the governors knew full well that it would only affect the muslims . 
  but like i said , this is not clear from the article and is only speculation . 
   the rules are the same for everybody here . 
  freedom of religion is a part of denmark 's constitution so all children should be free to practice a religion within their allotted break times if they so choose ( so praying at specific times for day , multiple times of day is unreasonably disruptive , but at scheduled break times what possible basis have they got to ban it ? ) . 
  see quote below from [ link ] ( http://www.thedanishparliament.dk/publications/my_constitutional_act_with_explanations/chapter%207.aspx ) :  an instance of this was a man who was expelled from a vocational training centre because he knelt to pray on the floor of the canteen and in the bathroom at the centre . 
  the school forbade him to say his prayers in communal areas . 
  ** instead he had to use classrooms , workshops , etc. 
  ** when he continued to pray in the communal areas of the school , he was expelled . 
  the case was heard in both the high court and the supreme court . 
  and both courts upheld the decision made by the school . 
  the expulsion was not an expression of discrimination due to the man 's religion . 
  in the case above , reasonable steps were taken to accomodate the man 's freedom to practice religion and prayer . 
  however , he continued to pray in communal areas after it was forbidden . 
  as i said in a previous post , if prayer in hallways etc. 
  is disruptive , let them use a room otherwise unoccupied , that is n't hard for the school to accomodate . 
  it appears this school is not making any reasonable steps to allow these students to practice their religion ( unless of course , the one sided article has missed something out ) . 
  i think that 's wrong and violates their right to religious freedom . 
  you 're free to disagree but you 're not going to change my view . 
  based on the article alone i do n't think reasonable steps have been taken . 
  although , it 's quite possible the article did n't mention the school 's side of the story and/or had taken quotes out of context . 
  i neither agree nor disagree with you because i do n't think we have the full story . 
   i think you 're getting ahead of yourself . 
  the problem with islamic prayer is that they do n't always line up with the established breaks and praying during class would be disruptive . 
  fair point . 
  i do n't know how frequent the prayers are , but if it 's only once during school hours i think a fair compromise could easily be made . 
  2 + times then it starts to become unreasonable to expect accomodations to be made . 
   as for other religions , there are christian schools that do prayers , i went to one so i should know . 
  based on the article this seems to be a secular school , am i right in thinking you went to a church school which practiced daily prayer ? 
  i attended a similar one in the uk . 
  my point was more looking at this school specifically . 
  this seems to be a secular school where there are no scheduled times for prayer which is good . 
  but if only the muslim children chose to prayer and then it was subsequently banned , then that is wrong i think . 
  i can only speculate but i suspect it is unlikely there are many practicing christian children in denmark 's schools , unless they happen to attend a church school where they are ( for want of a better word ) forced to pray . 
  i think there is information missing before you can make such statements . 
  prior to the ban , was only islamic prayer practiced in the school , or were some students practicing christianity or other religions ? 
  if the only religion practiced in the school was islam , then the ban disproportionately affects the lives of the muslim students . 
  it is perfectly understandeable why she would protest if this is the case . 
  let them pray during their break times etc. 
  but not during classes . 
  if prayer in the hallway is disruptive , let them use a room that is otherwise unoccupied ( not a room specifically for prayer ) during said break times . 
  not hard , good compromise all round . 
  i think this is just a bunch of school governors getting offended by the idea of islamic prayer in their schools . 
  til helping people has to be an obligation . 
  i think that misses the point slightly . 
  as / u/draoichta pointed out below , you do n't have to be paying a debt to be willing to help them . 
  perhaps the reason germany are taking in too many is other countries do n't want to help because it 's not their problem . 
   honestly ? 
  i think they just love having power on whole neighborhood . 
  what does this have to do with them being muslim ? 
   because i can tell you that the cars they burn are not picked randomly . 
  if the cars are not picked randomly how do they pick them and what has it got to do with them being muslim ? 
  do they avoid cars owned by other muslims ? 
  sounds like it has absolutely nothing to do with their religious affiliation . 
   these events happen in the same neighborhood were police or emergencies ( yes as crazy as it sounds i have seen them attacking emergencies ) are not allowed to enter by night . 
  everywhere has unsafe neighbourhoods regardless of mix of race and/or religion . 
  police officers are attacked everyday in all developed countries from people of all races/religions , the majority of which from people who 've had too much to drink . 
  it 's facetious to say that there are areas where emergency services would ` not be allowed ' to enter by night in western europe . 
   hence why these neighborhood were , when i was child , really mixed mainly with blue collar workers and low incomes family from various race/religion and are now just ghetto . 
  if these things are happening in ghettos and low income areas then that would indicate a socio-economic problem not a religious affiliation problem , no ? 
  i 'm trying to keep an open mind here but you 're failing to provide an argument of substance for why muslims would be linked to these crimes nor have you provided evidence to support the truth you asserted earlier . 
  from an outside perspective your reasoning , completely irrespective of whether the accusation was correct or not ( it might be , i do n't know ) , appears to be leaning towards confirmation bias or even an inherent prejudice towards muslims as a result of unrelated incidents you might remember from your upbringing . 
  perhaps that 's a little flippant of me but that 's how your arguments are coming across i 'm sorry to say . 
   i know what i have seen , muslims are indeed burning cars . 
  ok , why do you think they do this ? 
  what reason does a muslim person have to burn a car ? 
  if muslims are responsible there must be a reason behind it . 
   moreover , claiming they do is considered as racism while everyone know these are not for sure native french who are doing it . 
  nobody has accused you of racism so let 's make that clear . 
  you have stated that muslims burned cars . 
  your upbringing must have given you some insight , so based on your experiences and the muslims you have interacted with why do you think they did it ?
