the southerners are n't wrong though ... 
  stalin , great commissar of love . 
  for all the shit things lenin and his bolshevik thugs did , they did set it up to be the paradise they promised , only to have it all be ruined less than 10 years later . 
  i do wonder where the world would have gone , had n't the attempt on his life left him with such poor health . 
  ebola in the south , war in the east , nukes in the north . 
  good times . 
  thatcher never died , she just went home . 
  so one bottle of imported vodka then . 
  explain like i 'm slow , please . 
  does this mean if i go to scotland , germany , or wherever , my phone bill will be the same as if i had n't ? 
  exact same thing in sweden . 
  it 's enough that someone is registered with the unemployment office . 
  would n't be surprised if the number is at least twice as high . 
  at the very least . 
  confederacy of northern european states , anyone ? 
  edit : i was just joking , you guys . 
  let 's not pretend that the policies of the sweden democrats are anywhere near far-right . 
  because they are n't , not even a little . 
  they 're to the right of the left , and to the left of the right . 
  a centre-conservative party , that 's what they are . 
  and by swedish standards , the right is very red as is . 
  all it took was a couple of wars . 
  feminist * initiative . 
  but you 're right . 
  they 're crazy and sexist . 
  no one knows how to pronounce gdansk . 
  nobody puts suomi in a corner . 
  the extra 46 % come from the russians who need saving in ukraine . 
  typical danes , always so self-centred . 
  the good old days . 
  praise thor . 
  i 'll call luca brasi . 
  damn immigrants . 
  oh , sorry , `` youths '' . 
  if these people want palestine to succeed , then go join the fight . 
  do n't harass hardworking civilians . 
  there is nothing honorable in this . 
  just opportunistic assholes . 
  more like a threat that needs to be walled-off . 
  the last thing anyone wants is conflict on russian soil . 
  too big to grasp for many people . 
  it 's the small things that matter . 
  like increased tax on tomatoes . 
  also it 's sweden . 
  there 's never not rain or snow here . 
  12 months a slave, 
  definitely a metaphor on the us playing it cool . 
  nope . 
  it 's just a barbeque . 
  so this must be were the ( new ) swedish word ` hen ' comes from ? 
  i like your spelling more though . 
  here , in sweden , the american confederate flag is the flag of the raggare . 
  way to go , finland !, 
  love , sweden, 
  netherlands ? 
  well i 've never ... 
  i feel like the feet of lenin would be fun too , because of the double entendre . 
  i 'll buy one if you guys do n't want them . 
  it would look nice out in the garden . 
  then feel free to take the first flight to china and not come back . 
  speak for yourself . 
  i do n't give any money because i 'm an asshole . 
  at this point they could just buy greece . 
  unique unit for ukraine . 
  +2 movement each turn . 
  youtube now translates all on its own !, 
  if you change your mind , we will take you back . 
  carl xvi gustaf could use something impressive on his r\u00e9sum\u00e9 after last year . 
  youth is code for immigrant . 
  the muslim invasion has a long way to go before outnumbering 600 million europeans . 
  come to sweden . 
  we seem to go through this every time a map centering around the eu shows up ( about a dozen times each day ) . 
  europe has become synonymous with the eu , much like america has with the us . 
  it 's here to stay . 
  clearly the measles make people religious . 
  danes do n't know how good they have it , neighbour . 
  yes , registration and participation in an activity ( job coaches , internships , social programmes ) is required to receive any form of economic assistance . 
  which actually means that the numbers are higher , at least in sweden , since to be considered unemployed you have to be registered at the unemployment office and actively take part in their programs - which a lot of the unemployed ( young adults ) are not doing , because they are fed up with no help and no results . 
  i could say the same to you , fr\u00e5n en svensk till en annan . 
  i 'll be celebrating the 6th of june a little bit harder ` cus of that one . 
  the former danish/swedish realms sure do act nicely . 
  neigh, 
  thanks for all the hay . 
  how would this ever stay intact for so long ? 
  so many forces would work against it . 
  the elements , the natives , foreigners ... 3500 years is a long time for something to just stand about . 
  because you 've been doing * that * for hundreds and hundreds of years . 
  it 's culture !, 
  prost !, 
  it 's good that we are creating a large underclass of people ( that may or may not be illegals ) all over europe . 
  this is the first step to becoming the united states of europe . 
  we need the cheap labour to take care of our lawns . 
  i think you mean this analogy the other way around , because otherwise hussars were n't very impressive . 
  it 's amazing what a common hatred can do to bring people together . 
  welcome to new russia , same as old russia, 
  best english accents . 
  seems like swedish rule had a positive impact after all !, 
  you take it back for us , you can be nordic all you want . 
  get a new flag and everything . 
  no , that 's a sin .
