  i always thought swedenistan was just a playfully pejorative term , but now i 'm really starting to wonder . 
  this is coming from an american who is very liberal and is considering voting green ( jill stein ) in the us after it looks like bernie sanders wo n't clinch the dem primaries against hillary clinton . 
  name it * being john malkovich * . 
  and we should call it minas ithil . 
  even if the eu disappeared tomorrow , there would still be the nato alliance in place , so i do n't see how warfare would suddenly break out again . 
  i think countries should stick with the eu because of the commercial and travel benefits at the least , but that 's just my opinion . 
  arguments about dismantling nato , on the other hand , offer far more dangerous rhetoric , which we 've heard from one particular us presidential candidate in this election cycle . 
  does n't matter , had sex . 
  brothers , oh brothers , my days here are done . 
  the turkish man 's taken my life !, 
  but what does it matter ? 
  when all men must die . 
  and i 've tasted the turkish man 's wife . 
  i 've tasted erdogan 's wife !, 
  ah yes , the great viking invasion of 1776 , when the great viking explorer leif erikson rose up from the dead and reclaimed viking lands in british-held nova scotia . 
  benjamin franklin 's efforts to get the kingdom of france on the side of the us was a major boon to the american revolution , but the necromancer-induced zombie viking invasion of what is now canada is often overlooked by stubborn ( so called `` sane '' ) us historians who refuse to acknowledge their timely contribution to the war effort . 
  i do n't know , man . 
  you know what they say . 
  one minute you 're shaking hands with a woman . 
  and the next moment , bam !, 
  i 'm not sure if supermarket frozen pizzas in germany are terrible , but some in the us are okay , like red baron , for instance . 
  there are certainly worse brands and foods out there . 
  alternatively , you could just buy pizza dough and separate ingredients and make your own pizza from scratch before putting it into the oven . 
  lol . 
  your username is definitely relevant here . 
  i dont necessarily disagree with your assessment and nato was certainly formed to counter the soviet union . 
  however , it was also formed at the time to ensure a german power would never rise up on its own to threaten stability ever again . 
  it seems like a silly concept today with merkel 's germany , and was n't an immediate concern of course when nato was formed ( seeing how germany was split into two countries , east and west germany ) . 
  however , considering how germany had engaged in two destructive world wars , they were also factored into the reasoning for nato . 
  i felt compelled to make my stupid pun regardless . 
  someone should establish a pizza joint called `` mr. manganiello 's pizza '' in honor of this sting . 
  [ all he wanted was a pepsi , just one pepsi , but she would n't give it to him . 
  i 'm not crazy , you 're the one who 's crazy !, 
  you 're driving me crazy !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lof_a0-7xvq ), 
  if you ever rob a bank or any other illicit activity , just buy some frozen pizzas at the supermarket for fuck sake . 
  do n't risk ordering delivery !, 
  if he does n't establish himself as the alpha male boss in prison , he 'll soon be known as mangina instead . 
  or perhaps i 'm just projecting my ideas about american prisons onto italy . 
  correct . 
  the creation of nato and eventually the eu , in addition to the principle of nuclear mutually assured destruction ( mad ) pretty much guaranteed a cold war and not a hot one with the soviet union . 
  the same goes with the present-day russian federation . 
  god things were fucking bleak back then . 
  it 's almost hard to imagine it given how peaceful and prosperous nearly all of europe is right now . 
  this news is certainly welcome , although i wish similar attention was given to other destroyed heritage sites at hatra and nimrud . 
  isis did a lot more than damage ruins and pagan temples at palmyra . 
  they 've also blown up tons of active assyrian christian churches and shia mosques and shrines , some of these structures being hundreds of years old as well . 
  no , because you failed to note the obvious hyperbole . 
  i suppose that 's the consequence of the lack of emojis , making this a classic case of poe 's law . 
  i feel as if you wrote this as a response to a completely different question : * who would you date ? 
  a hipster ? 
  or a punk rocker ? 
  * different matter there than the one i was floating , but whatever floats your boat . 
  i 'm a metalhead , not a punk , but i 'll defend them any day of the week when compared to a goddamn hipster tool . 
  hipsters are by far the dumbest , loudest , most unjustifiably sanctimonious pack of locusts that has ever descended unto this world . 
  they are absolutely destructive to the western world . 
  the only thing i will grant them is that they are less of a tangible threat than isis or al-qaeda , but their threat is still subtle and that is potentially dangerous enough for me . 
  god . 
  april o'neil would be like 60 right now . 
  depressing . 
  a few words ? 
  check . 
  i feel like this is some sort of strapon pegging joke that you 're emphasizing here . 
  it must have felt good taking that massive dump you just took . 
  do n't forget to wipe !, 
  looks like erdogan 's got himself a new girlfriend . 
  erdogan and merkel , sitting in a tree . 
  k-i-s-s-i-n-g . first comes love , then comes marriage , then comes a mixed race baby in a baby carriage !, 
  it 's almost entirely because of cyprus that turkey is not in the eu right now . 
  that sounds depressing . 
  excuse me ? 
  but i 'm an eastern roman , not a byzantine , and we self-identify as african-american female transgender pansexual handicapable , okay ??!!, 
  * triggered . 
  the united states of vespucciland . 
  you know , after the cartographer amerigo vespucci . 
  awesome . 
  * how fucking dare they ??!!, 
  * are you okay right now , finland ? 
  do you need some help ? 
  you want some of our nukes ? 
  we ca n't stand for this !, 
  do you want the fourth reich ? 
  because this is how the fourth reich begins , netherlands . 
  smdh . 
  cool !, 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  this is good enough to be a popular children 's song in germany . 
  it definitely belongs in a german cartoon . 
  lol . 
  streisand effect , erdogan . 
  you fell for it . 
  welcome to the way the world works outside of turkey . 
  breathtaking . 
  some of it is clearly medieval , too . 
  haha !, 
  she was a hard one to tame . 
  it did n't work out in the end because i was obviously eager to get back to the united states . 
  she did n't boss me around , but she certainly was n't one to be bossed around either . 
  some women like that . 
   not her , though !,
