no , no , no . 
  you 're doing it all wrong , op . 
  it boils down to one question : do they have kie\u0142basa ? 
  or do they ** not have ** kie\u0142basa ? 
  this is the primary dichotomy that poles everywhere must face when moving abroad . 
  a question for the ages , really . 
  only the chinese supreme deity shangdi knows the answer . 
  it 's good to see the corporate shills coming out of the woodworks at least . 
  it 's not what 's `` missing '' in the current draft of the trade agreement . 
  it 's what is already there in fine print that is alarming . 
  good job trying to obfuscate that fact , though . 
  i 've seen a little chinese kid take a poop right in front of a tesco supermarket in northern ireland before . 
  are chinese cops in rome aiming to crack down on that sort of thing ? 
  on another note , it 's amazing to see how the cultural revolution is still affecting chinese culture to this day . 
  this is what happens when the * nouveau riche * in china , who originally grew up in squalor and poverty , gain enough resources to go on holiday in europe . 
   none of the chapters we have seen reference the general exceptions rule . 
  this nearly 70-year-old rule enshrined in the gatt agreement of the world trade organization ( wto ) , allows nations to regulate trade `` to protect human , animal and plant life or health '' or for `` the conservation of exhaustible natural resources '' [ 2 ] . 
  the omission of this regulation suggests both sides are creating a regime that places profit ahead of human , animal and plant life and health . 
   while the proposals threaten environmental and consumer protection , big business gets what it wants . 
  opportunities to participate in decision making are granted to corporations to intervene at the earliest stages of the decision making process . 
   while civil society has had little access to the negotiations , there are many instances where the papers show that industry has been granted a privileged voice in important decisions . 
  [ 5 ] the leaked documents indicate that the eu has not been open about the high degree of industry influence . 
  the eu 's recent public report [ 6 ] has only one minor mention of industry input , whereas the leaked documents repeatedly talk about the need for further consultations with industry and explicitly mention how industry input has been collected . 
  this is very alarming . 
  this trade agreement represents in so many ways the chipping away of the safeguards that consumers in the western world have enjoyed for a very long time now . 
  that battle is not over , apparently . 
  i 'm not surprised at all that obama is pushing for it so much , given how he has pushed so hard for the tpp ( trans pacific partnership ) . 
  i 'd expect that sort of pro-corporate crap from a republican , so it shows who lines obama 's pockets and those of the current democratic party these days . 
  israel has a right to exist and anyone who is not frothing-at-the-mouth insane and full of hatred for jews would agree . 
  that being said , significant pressure should be applied onto netanyahu and the greater israeli parliament to steer the two-state solution into a new direction . 
  in that same token , the same if not more pressure must be applied to hamas in gaza , to convince them to remove the outrageous language in their founding charter calling for the destruction of israel ( which they do n't even acknowledge as a legitimate state ) . 
  that 's very mature of you guys . 
  thanks . 
  [ cool guys also do n't look at explosions . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqz5dbs5zmo ), 
  looks like a serious fire hazard , but i 'm sure the local fire department is all over it and prepared for any disaster . 
  otherwise , this looks super fun !, 
  awesome tradition , albeit a risky one . 
  their hate for jews literally knows no bounds . 
  they certainly do n't know any international bounds . 
  they can and will attack jews in any country around the world if we are not vigilant . 
  good !, 
  it 's about damn time . 
  i want to travel around europe with peace of mind . 
  and on that day many shots of vodka were had by vladimir putin , who chain-smoked an entire pack of cigarettes even though he does n't smoke . 
  it was a very stressful day , to say the least . 
  serbia breathes a sigh of relief . 
  ^ ^ ^ sorry , ^ ^ ^ serbia , ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ had ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ do ^ ^ ^ it . 
  ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ still ^ ^ ^ welcome ^ ^ ^ in ^ ^ ^ belgrade , ^ ^ ^ right ? 
  why does n't germany just * anschluss * austria again ? 
  it 's right there !, 
  seriously , though , these maps are always fun . 
  even more so from any given east asian perspective . 
  no idea ? 
  well now you just made it dirty ... 
  lol . 
  the peloponnese be damned !, 
  along with sicily and cyprus apparently . 
  i 'm not sure what it is , ca n't put my finger on it , but something tells me you are a swedish spy . 
  it 's a fashionable hat and we would n't trade it for any other hat , least of all a hat like greenland . 
  lol . 
  we knew iceland would stick around !, 
  if only because they were n't paying attention and were too busy launching pirate parties and jailing their local bankers . 
  not exactly a commercial spammer , but a spam post nonetheless , then ? 
  breaking news : like legendary atlantis of old , cyprus has been wiped off the face of the earth today at 09:39 est , with all of its people killed ( greek or turk alike ) in a massive earthquake-induced tsunami . 
  turkey and greece are already hurling the blame at each other for this incident , claiming either side has insulted their respective islamic and orthodox supreme deities and hence this calamity . 
  we 'll be keeping you updated with a live streaming report and twitter feed of random celebrities and what they think about this . 
  china says it will rebuild cyprus , complete with a chinese-style disneyland knock-off theme park with discounts for eu members and us citizens , in exchange for us and nato withdrawal from southeast pacific island disputes . 
  in other news , the saharan african nations of mali , niger , and chad have formed a new pan-african political union called idunnodesert , etymologically based on the bambara-language word for `` uncertain sandy place . '', 
  back to you , tom , with the weather . 
  lol . 
  just because you 're paranoid does n't mean they 're not out to get you !, 
  or something along those lines . 
  i had n't seen the other poster 's posting habits , so i was n't ready to make that assumption . 
  well now it just sounds like a [ guaranteed piece of shit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=meb7wbttlu4 ) to me . 
  in 2a1za 's defense , he was using it to illustrate his point about the legal risks involved in creating or sharing a cartoon . 
  instead , a totally `` unrelated '' picture of erdogan ( as you suggest ) would have instead been something like erdogan going fishing , or eating a sandwich , or him doing something mundane in his office that has nothing to do with political satire , or laws that arbitrarily protect heads of state from criticism and harmless mockery , or the heated political debates surrounding these issues . 
  that 's a frightening thought . 
  secularism is n't something that works ... it 's the way the system guarantees you . 
  i know , i know . 
  that 's why i said more often than not . 
  lol . 
  she 's clearly a nutter , hence my caveat . 
  it would be stupid of me if i was a swede and did n't understand it . 
  i 'm an american , so please excuse me for being ignorant of the finer workings of how parliamentary democracy works in sweden . 
  thanks to all of you for making it clear , though . 
  so what does she get out of it ? 
  72 virgin men sporting neckbeards and star trek t-shirts in the afterlife ? 
  lol . 
  honestly , though . 
  yep . 
  very true . 
  more often than not we do n't give the crazies an honored platform , although we do take the whole freedom of speech thing very seriously . 
  that 's the reason why there 's still a nazi party in the us . 
  so long as they 're not explicitly breaking any laws , they can say and do whatever they like . 
  in the us , you are free to make a fool of yourself , in other words . 
  seriously , though , considering how the latter group have the tendency to advocate lesser rights for women and the lgbt community . 
  sometimes they outright wish they would be murdered in mob violence or punished brutally according to sharia law . 
  jesus christ , sweden ( particularly your green party ) , calm down . 
  you 're dominating one too many news cycles here with these absurd headlines about acceptance and tolerance of political islamism .
