  they basically assaulted police officers , which should be a very serious offense in any country . 
  no fucking police officer in the us would tolerate that shit ( although they take it to the extreme and are far too trigger happy when shooting minorities in even the mildest altercations ) . 
  being a refugee or immigrant does not make you above the law . 
  apparently no one is exercising the law as it is written for some sort of misguided noble reason . 
  especially when you dehumanize the person you 've just killed by parading their head around in public , a gruesome prop to emphasize whatever message you 're trying to send to society . 
  she seemed pretty proud of what she 'd done and clearly did n't think it was wrong . 
  that 's pure hatred right there . 
  even if you strongly dislike putin and want to see him replaced , it would take a special kind of creative propagandist to spin this as somehow being putin 's fault directly . 
  only an idiot would argue that , or the idea that putin personally screens and approves every 30-ish year old woman who travels to russia from central asian republics . 
  i somehow was n't offended by that accusation ; probably because my ability to gauge humor right now is out of whack , considering the depravity and gravity of this news story . 
  i 'm probably generalizing a bit , but a lot of people over there have to have a dark sense of humor in order to cope with pretty hard lifestyles . 
  i lived in kyrgyzstan , by the way , in which 11 % of the population is still ethnic russian ( clustered mostly around the capital city bishkek and surrounding chuy region ) . 
  regardless of that , even native kyrgyz culture is incredibly russified . 
  the vast majority of kyrgyz people are bilingual , speaking kyrgyz or russian ( the latter is often spoken in public , the former in the household among family ) . 
  yeah . 
  i lived and worked in a former soviet repubic for two years and had a russian girlfriend that entire time . 
  i also learned how to speak russian fairly well . 
  i think it 's fair to say i know at least a little about russian culture . 
  if wine is serious business , i can only imagine their thoughts and feelings about * formage * . 
  nope . 
  never seen it . 
  i will add , though , that california wines from napa valley are very good and deserve their current reputation domestically and globally . 
  holy shit , i thought i was just being hyperbolic for shits and giggles . 
  this shit is real !, 
  [ * the legacy of the french guillotine intensifies . 
  * ] ( https://shanti-phula.net/ja/social/blog/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/7dd4c3f74f006b34bb1d70d7adebd54e113.jpg ), 
  ** and by that i do n't mean german , i mean english . 
  i was n't trying to disparage russia ; just making an anecdotal observation that news stories from russia are often kinda bleak and depressing . 
  russian culture reflects that as well . 
  people have a really dark sense of humor over there . 
  the age of prudes and wankers . 
  when it comes to the french , do n't mess with their winemakers . 
  that 's one of the most bleak and dreadful headlines i 've ever read . 
  makes sense that it involves russia . 
  rip to those who were trapped in such an awful way . 
  these people are from the iron age at best . 
  four-wheeler off-roading and raging keggers . 
  deep fried food . 
  breast implants , etc. 
  just curious : what has bernie sanders done or said in the past for you to lose faith in him , military-wise ? 
  [ hon , hon , hon. 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mz88tyubn4 ), 
  this is encouraging news . 
  i would have started packing my bags for a flight tomorrow if you had said `` more beautiful '' than her . 
  lol . 
  my thoughts , feelings , anthropological views , and in-depth analysis of albania and its people can be summed up in two pithy words : [ amanda lajcaj . 
  ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=amanda+lajcaj&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjrvtdr-zblahuoyjokhaombbmq_auibygb&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=657 ), 
  well , considering how you 're getting drunk , you 're already setting your sights low , so by default you would n't be able to be as driven as hitler . 
  funny enough , zeman 's defense actually works . 
  lol . 
  it 's about goddamn time . 
  and it certainly does n't reflect well on the refugees and economic migrants who are coming into germany . 
  accessing the internet is always cheaper using somebody else 's cable you say you can lay your own one but bypassing uncle sam is a big fable just look at the world around you right here on the ocean floor cia bugs and spies surround you what do you think they are lookin ' for ? 
  under the sea , under the sea under the sea , under the sea-e-e darling it 's better down where it 's wetter take it from me !, 
  up on the shore , employees for the cia listen in on your private phone calls every day while you devoting full time to cable laying under the sea over there all the euros are happy as they eat a continental breakfast roll but some who get spied on ai n't happy they sad 'cause they got no control over data that they be storing encryption do n't always work try to revert with system restoring but cia infiltrate your network under the sea , under the sea under the sea , under the sea-e-e darling it 's better down where it 's wetter take it from me !, 
  up on the shore , employees for the cia listen in on your private phone calls every day while you devoting full time to cable laying under the sea alexis tsipras play the flute charles michel play the harp barack obama play the bass and they soundin ' sharp dilma rousseff play the brass viktor orban play the tub david cameron is the duke of soul ( yeah ) francois hollande he can play mariano rajoy on the strings matteo renzi rockin ' out angela merkel she sings an\u00edbal cavaco silva and the sprat they know where it 's at an ' oh that lars l\u00f8kke rasmussen blows !, 
  under the sea , under the sea under the sea , under the sea-e-e darling it 's better down where it 's wetter take it from me !, 
  up on the shore , employees for the cia listen in on your private phone calls every day while you devoting full time to cable laying under the sea, 
  greece is also significantly closer to syria and is the logical stepping stone into the balkans and onto germany . 
  thanks for the summary !, 
  german people : we got over a million refugees from syria and economic migrants from elsewhere , and my economists said i should put these people to work in cheap labor and expect them to multiply quickly to make up for falling native birth rates . 
  teller angela merkel : well that 's fantastic , a really smart decision , germany . 
  we can put those economic migrants of yours in a money market mutual fund , then we 'll reinvest the earnings into foreign currency accounts with compounding interest aaand it 's gone . 
  german people : uh , what ? 
  teller merkel : it 's gone . 
  it 's all gone . 
  german people : what 's all gone ? 
  teller merkel : the economic migrants in your country - many of them did n't do too well , so they 're gone . 
  german people : what do you mean ? 
  i had over 130,000 of them right here just a moment ago !, 
  teller merkel : not anymore you do n't . 
  poof . 
  that 's a lot of languages . 
  basically , no one . 
  as an american , i find this potential comparison of the eu to the us electoral system very fascinating . 
  it would certainly make the eu far more relevant as an institution in the eyes of constituents who already vote for their own national presidents and prime ministers . 
  and it 's safe to walk in the streets at night now . 
   he 's right . 
  it should become my sweatshop instead !, 
  it 's almost like reading a franz kafka novel about a dystopian world . 
  sickening and disgraceful . 
  i was simply expressing my approval that these particular assholes are no longer around in germany . 
  that says nothing about my beliefs or views of those still sticking around . 
  that does n't really contradict what i 've said . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  i did n't know about this at all . 
  this is the underlying reason why germany has been so adamant about taking in as many refugees as possible . 
  falling birth rates . 
  good riddance . 
  do n't let the door hit you where the good lord split you . 
  amen . 
  bits of plastic ? 
  that 's my fetish . 
  give them all to me !, 
  sets a bad precedent , though . 
  it would only encourage people to view traveling to syria to join isis as not a big deal , if they could just easily return home whenever they like . 
  nothing to see here , folks . 
  this has absolutely no political undertones and references to anything that 's going on right now . 
  now watch some good ole rt and you 'll be right as rain . 
  lol .
