  then you have to take into account that this 5 % ( i.e. 
  4.3 million people ) is an estimate , not an actual piece of hard data . 
  compare that to a survey in 2011 where only 1.9 % of the population ( i.e. 
  1.5 million people ) of germany identified themselves as practicing muslims . 
  this could have something to do with the fact that some people declined to give an answer , or it could signal the increasingly secular nature of young muslims in germany who do n't really feel strongly about their religion or are even atheists and agnostics . 
  yeah , this is a silly article . 
  the vast majority of people in germany are not muslims , of any ethnicity . 
  it makes no sense that even a small majority of germans would have muslim friends in their personal life or colleagues at work . 
  this article almost makes it seem as if germans are being reluctant to befriend or hire muslims , when it has everything to do with demographics and the fact that muslims , despite the huge influx of recent immigrants , are still a tiny minority . 
  okay . 
  i 'm not going to argue that except for the fact that parts of mainland greece and some greek islands were also routinely under the administration and protection of the republic of venice during the period of ottoman greece . 
  however , the purpose of the map in this thread is to show countries that were at one point controlled by european colonial powers . 
  it does not include details of how territories in europe fell to asiatic powers ( i.e. 
  the ottoman empire ) , which includes a great deal more than greece considering how the ottomans took much of the balkans and attempted to take vienna multiple times during their push into the habsburg empire . 
  yes , turkey is a modern nation that straddles two continents and for that matter the ottoman empire at one point contained vast territories in three continents ( i.e. 
  they had also conquered egypt and maintained vassals in north africa ) . 
  yet turkey is still considered a west asian power and the heart of the ottoman empire was in anatolia , not greece or thrace , despite the geographical location of constantinople/istanbul . 
  and 1923 was still in the colonial period if we consider that the french overseas empire and british empire still existed ( even in india ) . 
  the spanish still had colonies in africa as late as 1975 . 
  for that matter , you could argue the portuguese empire did not come to a formal end until 2002 ( lol ) with the relinquishing of east timor , or at least by 1999 with the handover of macau to the people 's republic of china . 
  you could say that it was `` colonized '' by greeks as far back as the fucking bronze age with the mycenaean civilization , and certainly with the iron age and archaic-era greek colonization . 
  that 's already centuries before alexander the great , dude . 
  if you recall , the persians under darius and xerxes wanted to punish greece , athens in particular , for supporting the ionian revolt ( 499-493 bc ) , a rebellion of ethnic greek cities in asia minor under persian rule . 
  besides , this map is not a reflection of ancient or medieval european colonization . 
  it is obviously referencing more recent colonization and imperial power projection in the age of exploration , colonialism , and early modern period to the industrial age ( i.e. 
  the time period spanning from 1500 ad until 1950 , roughly speaking ) . 
  i loved edinburgh when i visited for a week , but i could n't get lord sauron out of my head when i saw that tower at night . 
  lol . 
  i feel so vindicated right now by this thread !, 
  for that matter , edinburgh castle would be like minas tirith in this scenario . 
   there is an obvious contradiction in your statement - philip could not establish something new after he took it from the thracians . 
  not really . 
  you can `` found '' a city in your name that has already existed beforehand . 
  that sort of thing happened in the ancient and medieval world quite frequently ( even in yuan-ming china , such as making khanbaliq into beijing ) , and for that matter the early modern era considering the aztec city of tenochtitlan that was transformed and renamed by the colonial spaniards in mexico . 
  the ancient greek ruins , building activity , and substrata of plovdiv also differ significantly from the previous thracian settlement . 
  that being said , the thracians did build towns and cities , had a sophisticated palatial culture and material culture , and so this is in no way a downplaying of their achievements or the true urban character of some of their settlements . 
  it 's just that the city was radically different after philip rebuilt the city in his name . 
  i could cite similar examples if you 'd like . 
  this was one of the cities founded by philip ii of macedon , father of alexander the great , after taking it from the thracians . 
  it was later a roman city , naturally . 
  these particular ruins are roman , i believe , although some pre-roman greek ruins still exist . 
  it 's a lovely view , regardless . 
  it would be interesting to live in that little house on the top left . 
  an honest mistake ; thanks for the high-res version !, 
  and honestly , some parts of france are so picturesque that they are nearly cartoonish ( in a disney sense ) , like this scene above . 
  it 's so pristine !, 
  learning much from the greeks but adding a few improvements of their own , the romans really know how to entertain the masses . 
  are you not entertained ??? 
  [ spits on ground . ], 
  that was n't the point of my post . 
  the point of my post , if you bothered to read the second sentence ( ??? ), 
  was that a piece of art depicting this would make a very relevant and comical statement . 
  it 's a good thing your government has n't allowed real estate developers to knock down what 's left of the parthenon to build an apartment block on top of the athenian acropolis . 
  someone with decent photoshopping skills should probably consider making a humorous depiction of that , though , as a form of post-modern art and not-so-subtle criticism of contemporary culture . 
  i was being hyperbolic for comedic effect . 
  a small consolation on a terrible day for saint petersburg . 
  that is messed up . 
  my condolences to those who lost loved ones here . 
  do n't worry . 
  the scots have it way better than iran if you do a similar search for pubs there . 
   lack of german means turk must vacate austrian kebab stand the fourth reich intensifies . 
  kebab status : removed . 
  the uk 's supple schoolgirl buttocks were presented , but jean-claude juncker and donald tusk came to the consensus that the riding crop and spanking paddle would remain underneath merkel 's desk until further notice . 
   a consiquence of leaving the eu . 
  ** consequence * sorry , i had to be * that guy * . 
  you know , the ** spelling nazi ** . 
  i also agree with your post entirely . 
  ... and helped in the sack of constantinople under the command of the elderly blind doge enrico dandolo . 
  that 's a shame . 
  there are plenty of roman ruins in france , but perhaps not too many pre-roman greek ones left . 
  it 's the city-state of pytheas ( \u03a0\u03c5\u03b8\u03ad\u03b1\u03c2 \u03bf \u039c\u03b1\u03c3\u03c3\u03b1\u03bb\u03b9\u03ce\u03c4\u03b7\u03c2 , * pyth\u00e9as o massali\u00f3tis * ) , one of the greatest greek explorers of all time ( who sailed all the way to the british isles in the 4th century bc ) . 
  excuse my illiterate barbarism , mr. doge of the most serene republic . 
  it was actually a bunch of punk-ass teenage boys who did this . 
  i guess you can call them young men if you want . 
  in either case i hope they catch them for doing this . 
  still angry over the fact that the republic of venice provided naval support in the first crusade and fought several wars against the ottoman empire . 
   vice-royalty of france is that like the successor state to vichy france or something ? 
  the fourth reichtangle . 
  yeah , but can i have the vegetarian serbian version of that gyro where the kebabs are actually removed , perchance ? 
  sorry , i have n't taken a good look at your menu yet . 
  how so ? 
  explain what putin would do if it was the united states ( !!!, 
  ) , the uk , or norway who shot down a russian combat jet that was infiltrating their air space ( or coming very close to doing so ) . 
  what are you suggesting , actually ? 
  lol . 
  there is that . 
  user name checks out . 
  yep ; another good example . 
  i do n't think it will happen , though . 
  erdogan is many things , but he 's not crazy . 
  he actually does want to retain his country 's membership in nato , despite his rhetoric of late . 
  it 's what shielded him from a real conflict with russia when the turks shot down a russian plane on the syrian border recently . 
  alexander certainly did that to thebes . 
  yet the macedonians never did so with athens , even after occupying and garrisoning it many times throughout the hellenistic period . 
  it was the romans under sulla who eventually sacked the city in the 1st century bc , yet even they did n't level it or burn everything ( obviously ) . 
  the only precedent for that was the persian forces under xerxes burning athens before the battle of salamis in 480 bc . 
  the spartans , when occupying athens at the end of the peloponnesian war , also did not sack the city ( which had already surrendered and was weakened by plague anyway ) . 
  okay , but * who * is unwilling to admit that ? 
  anyone important ? 
  or just random , anonymous people you happen to meet on reddit from time to time ?
