  i 'm glad they were able to rescue some of them , though . 
  just another highlight of how some countries ' building codes and fire safety are not up to snuff . 
  the scary thing is if it can happen in moscow it can happen virtually anywhere in russia . 
  their ailing economy certainly is n't going to make things smoother and more transparent in terms of ensuring fire safety standards . 
  and as the kyrgyz say in prayer when a loved one has passed away ( with both hands swiping downard across the face ) : `` ooooohhhmeen . '', 
  rip . 
  bell tower survived at least . 
  rip to everyone who perished . 
  awful . 
  something tells me that figure is going to continue to rise . 
  i read something in worldnews about how entire villages collapsed . 
  fair enough . 
  would you paint turkey as being far more conservative than another turkic country like , say , kazakhstan or kyrgyzstan ? 
   back in 2007-2012 in turkey , if you dared to criticize or question the gulen cult you would find yourself in prison in no time on vauge charges without any real evidence . 
  thanks for pointing that out . 
  if it were n't for the falling out of his movement with akp and erdogan , though , the movement would still be chugging along just fine and without question in turkish society , no ? 
  it does n't seem like erdogan is distancing himself from the islamists , even if gulenists are also islamists at heart . 
  their charming little dialect is one of heresy that must be suppressed by the authorities in rome , which shall impose one standard and one dialect for all the italians . 
  those sardinians and sicilians will be next . 
  heretics all of them !, 
  merely the continuation and legacy of the roman empire , that 's why . 
  well , even if greece had never been conquered by the roman republic , it could be argued that its position during the later middle ages would have been much the same . 
  geogaphically speaking it was at the center of a vast trade network spanning the mediterranean and extending all the way into the baltic with the so-called amber road ( to say nothing of the silk road leading ** [ to china ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdrfe9i8_hs ) ** ) . 
   it means `` please help me i 'm sick '' `` my mental problems are the greatest '' . 
  they 're * tremendous * . 
  sounds like the name of a gay nightclub . 
  he was a uk citizen with free speech rights in a modern , open and fair democratic country . 
  the moment he started encouraging others to join isis is when his free speech crossed that fine line into treason , essentially . 
  it 's one thing to talk about abstract religious concepts as they pertain to islam and islamic traditions , or even arguments about how islamic law should be a thing ( i do n't agree with that , but you can say that sort of thing in an open and fair society , unfortunately ) . 
  it 's quite another to say `` yeah , isis is great , you should join them , because they are the true caliphate and doing allah 's work . '', 
  nice . 
  either that or james bond ( alternatively , james bonds ) . 
  i do n't question his irishness or his nationality as an irishman . 
  it 's just pretty clear that with that surname at one point his ancestors came over from england ( or scotland ) hundreds of years ago . 
  if not , then what is ? 
  i ca n't think of anything more english than `` english '' , not even `` smith '' . 
  lol . 
  did they catch this monster yet for hurling my beloved camembert ? 
  did they catch this monster yet ? 
  insane how ? 
  like potentially allowing the cia to involve itself in a military coup to overthrow the democratically elected president of turkey ? 
  of course the cia has done that sort of thing throughout the world on a regular basis , from iran to latin america , yet this is a nato ally we 're talking about here . 
  that 's pretty fucking serious . 
  however , erdogan 's suggestion that gulan be extradited immediately is n't going to make many headlines , not unless erdogan did something dramatic , like close down the turkish embassy in the us or surround the us embassy in ankara . 
  yeah , i do n't think mohammad reza pahlavi shah , or xerxes i for that matter , would find the comparison flattering either , especially if the turks were still nomads . 
  that would just make the insult even worse . 
  yeah , obama is n't exactly greek or a king like leonidas was , either , but i did n't bother explaining this because it would have disrupted and distracted from the austere and simple laconic phrasing . 
  for that matter i do n't think erdogan , a turk , would want to be compared or be made equivalent with a persian * shah * from iran . 
  lol . 
  leonidas to erdogan : ** [ '' * molon labe * '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molon_labe ) ** ( `` come and take [ him ] '' ) . 
  one preferred playing as mario , the other as luigi . 
  sibling rivalry and contention ensued when one of their nintendo 64 controllers broke and they were down to one . 
  `` there can only be one ! '', 
  it make a luigi a so happy that they emulate a him so !, 
  hey , do n't belittle my people ( death metal scene ) . 
  i am google zeus , the great american tech giant , and i call upon our divine ancestors , the titans , fathers to the silicon valley olympians , to smite this mortal wretch !, 
  seriously , though , she 's doing a good job . 
  i 'm just commenting here in order to break up the continuous stream of canadian posters . 
  sorry , i just prefer chaos like that . 
  it 's how i roll . 
  even when juvenile germans break the law , they are efficient and orderly about it , in the typical superior aryan manner . 
  so what you 're saying is you want to turn istanbul into something like the vatican , but for orthodox christians ? 
  :d imagine it : constantinople in the eurovision contest . 
  did you change your pants already ? 
  father ted and father jack need to redo the whole elvis lookalike contest in that case . 
  lol . 
  come on man , south park is hilarious . 
  i guess it 's not for everyone , though , kinda like the video you just shared . 
  yeah , strange how evolution made the male prostate that way . 
  then again homosexuality is common in a lot of mammalian species , especially primates like homo sapiens . 
  i think bisexuality is even more common in other primate species . 
  i do n't think the ancient greeks used mice in their erastes-eromenos relationships . 
  that sounds like bestiality . 
  or something akin to [ lemmiwinks ( the gerbil that mr. garrison puts up his boyfriend mr. slave 's ass to shock his classroom ) . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0sbd6czlvnu ), 
  it 's a statement by the jihadists , no doubt , that you are safe nowhere if you are syrian , especially if you 're a gay syrian . 
  that 's the sort of thing that will get you thrown off the rooftop of a building . 
   hover your mouse over it . 
  in the context of this conversation , that almost sounded homoerotic . 
  i feel like all of you are dancing around the image of a bdsm dominatrix with a strapon rubber dick plowing into a straight guy 's ass , but you 'd rather be vague instead of get to the point . 
  australian wildlife is the stuff of nightmares . 
  why ca n't we just send these somalians there so they can stab all the dangerous wildlife to death ? 
  to avenge steve irwin , of course . 
  ... they killed kenny ? 
  fascinating . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  you can actually get an after taste of * bacalao * from viewing this image . 
  i can taste it in the back of my throat !, 
  cool !, 
  `` moses , we think you 've been burning some bush , bro . '', 
  good point . 
  much like the later silk road leading to han china , there would have been a lot of middle men and intermediaries during the european and mediterranean bronze age . 
  however , during the iron age , we have evidence that some carthaginians and greeks sailed all the way to the british isles to engage directly in the valuable tin trade centered there . 
  it was perhaps one of the reasons ( if not the chief reason ) why pytheas of massalia was drawn there in his exploratory mission . 
  the carthaginians were engaged in a heated rivalry with the greeks on that front , as evidenced by their own exploratory missions led by hanno the navigator along the western coasts of africa and into the atlantic ocean . 
   some 18 pale green and turquoise glass beads have been found which analysis has shown were probably made in the mediterranean basin or the middle east . 
  that 's the most interesting part of this article to me . 
  the ancient greek explorer pytheas of massalia ( from what is now marseille , france ) of the 3rd century bc was the first person of the mediterranean world to document his travels to the british isles and beyond . 
  however , this site proves a strong trade link between the british isles and the mediterranean world a thousand years before pytheas was even born . 
  truly fascinating .
