  yeah , but ca n't we switch things up and accuse people of being like mussolini or franco for a change ? 
  it always comes back to hitler . 
  hitler this and hitler that . 
  everyone needs to get off hitler 's dick already !, 
  why not accuse people of being like stalin , mao , pol pot , or pinochet every once in a while ? 
  ashamed ? 
  what is this shame thing you speak about ? 
  explain it for an american , please . 
  i 'm surprised no one here thought to mention the greek and roman gods , zeus and jupiter , instead citing only the germanic ones . 
  interesting . 
  plus , who knows anything about celtic gods anyways ? 
  because philip ii would roll around in his grave ( which coincidentally we 've unearthed via archaeology ) if we did something like change its name to disneyland , as mentioned above by / u/titaninbound . 
  you mean make the hagia sophia a catholic church again ? 
  as what happened during the latin empire when the fourth crusade knocked the byzantine empire out of commission for a while . 
  yes , but now that you 've made me break character , you 've essentially ruined the joke . 
  goddamn it !, 
  well , there 's that and also the fact that koine greek was far more pervasive in the eastern half of the roman empire , including the province of egypt . 
  that 's a consequence of the conquests of alexander the great and the previous hellenistic age , which was brought to a close by the gradual roman domination of the eastern mediterranean from the 2nd-1st centuries bc ( culminating in pompey the great 's conquests of anatolia and the levant , if not the conquest of cleopatra 's egypt by augustus ) . 
  the romans had no problem with it , seeing how their upper classes were bilingual and virtually fluent in koine greek in addition to their native latin . 
  you would n't understand , mom . 
  it 's a roman thing . 
  massalia and emporion were simply the largest greek cities in pre-roman southern gaul and northern iberia , for that matter . 
  there were clusters of large towns surrounding them like little satellite states as well . 
  they never really moved far into the interior of france or spain , though , unlike the romans a few centuries later . 
  ca n't we just do away with all of that and create a labyrinth-style , dystopian system straight out of a franz kafka novel , where travelers from both sides ( i.e. 
  the eu and us ) are treated equally as horrible ? 
  and insulted , their identities questioned and called liars before being allowed to enter or depart their respective countries ? 
  that 's the world i want to live in . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geyfh-a-xoq and prague is leading the way !, 
  by the time julius caesar was alive , this tree was already more than a thousand years old . 
  it 's been around since the freaking bronze age . 
  amazing stuff . 
  i think most people who do n't like pineapple on pizza would agree that pineapple tastes good by itself , at the very least . 
  in my humble opinion , with the combination of ham , it 's absolutely delicious . 
  to each his own , though . 
  i 've met irishmen who do n't like hawaiian style and i 've met americans who do n't like hawaiian style . 
  it 's a matter of preference , not some wildly out-of-place ingredient like ketchup , mayonnaise , or something even crazier like ice cream or pickles . 
  are you insinuating that new england clam chowder was originally created somewhere else besides the northeastern united states during the 18th century ? 
  that boston baked beans came from someplace else ? 
  eggs benedict ? 
  hushpuppies ? 
  carolina style barbecue ? 
  ( genuine ) buffalo wings ? 
  boston cream pie ? 
  key lime pie ? 
  pecan pie ? 
  sweet potato pie ? 
  crab cake ? 
  philadelphia cheesesteak ? 
  the reuben sandwich ? 
  chili con carne ? 
  for christ sake , even nachos are american . 
  americans did n't invent pizza , but we sure as hell invented the chicago deep dish pizza . 
  edit : ah yes . 
  the downvote button : for when you ca n't make a proper rebuttal or refute any of the points i just made , but you 're still feeling passive aggressive and petty enough to lash out anyway . 
  as an american you have my permission to blockade buzzfeed 's headquarters and demand payment for the damages they 've caused , upon pain of bombardment with spanish guns , siege , and , once the walls have been breached , utter annihilation of their servers in the name of felipe vi , king of spain . 
  hopefully he will put an end to this madness . 
  and by the way , there 's nothing wrong with hawaiian style pizza ( i.e. 
  with pineapples ) . 
  i 've seen it being enjoyed in other countries , including in europe ( mostly the uk & ireland ) . 
  i do n't recall seeing it in italy , though , probably because they do consider it blasphemy . 
  the german one was by far the best . 
  fucking hysterical , especially the berlin wall part . 
  you have the authority to speak on behalf of all europeans now ? 
  also , the comparison is amusing how ? 
   american cars are just terrible . . they feel really cheaply made and drive awfully kind of a generalizing statement when you consider that american cars used to be built like tanks 50 , 40 , even 30 years ago . 
  for instance , the classic american muscle cars : the chevrolet camaro and chevelle , dodge charger , pontiac firebird and gto , plymouth road runner , ford mustang , etc. 
  that 's what i assumed was meant by `` better '' cars ( i.e. 
  better gas mileage and better suited for european roadways ) . 
  just you wait . 
  trump 's whole cabinet team is going to be rocking the slav adidas track suits . 
  well , there is that . 
  i do get the stereotype of the geographically ignorant american , but i almost took it as a personal affront , since i know a good deal about european history ( which necessitates at least a basic grasp of cultural/geographical knowledge ) . 
  better yet , i 've lived in europe for three years and unlike most americans have traveled throughout a large portion of the continent . 
  mind you , most americans do n't have the resources to do that , but that 's only one of the reasons for the general public 's ignorance about europe . 
  you could probably toss in the decline in quality of primary and secondary education , as well as the general apathy many of my countrymen have about foreign affairs ( being a content , gluttonous superpower with few immediate neighbors will do that ) . 
  is it weird for you germans that people have mixed ethnic heritages or something ? 
  come to think of it , you guys did have a problem with that concept about 70 some odd years ago . 
  i was talking about ethnic heritage , not nationality . 
  otherwise , yes , i 'm an american . 
  we americans are usually a mixed bunch of mutts . 
  when it comes to my own ethnic heritage , i have to take fractions into account since i 'm part irish , sicilian , and english from my dad 's side , and from my mom 's side swedish and slovenian . 
  that means i 'm celtic , germanic , slavic , and italic . 
  i apologize ahead of time , italy , but i 'm going to eat your flag . 
  it looks ... too delicious not to devour . 
  i 'm sure you 'll understand . 
  sincerely , murica, 
   that 's like losing your virginity to a prostitute at 22 former colonial subject here : that 's the best bit of banter i 've seen here in a while . 
  touche . 
  german engineering . 
  sounds about right . 
  some of the women of isis are definitely not victims . 
  many of them are active participants who chose to move to the `` caliphate '' as their perceived religious duty ( as sunnis ) . 
  if there was one place where you should definitely not have a staff shortage of police , it 's the small municipality of molenbeek in brussels ' capital region . 
  seriously , for fuck sake , that 's like the one place where resources should be concentrated . 
  come on , municipal government of brussels/molenbeek , this is an embarrassment . 
   it 's comparable to texas in this way : the south shall rise again !!!, 
  ( ... a statement that fits for both the southern united states or bavaria , take your pick ... does not compute for catalonia or scotland , though ... their motto is `` the north remembers '' or something like that . 
  god knows what they say in tibet and xinjiang ... the `` west is the best '' ? ), 
  it 's not swedish enough for me until it has * at the gates * playing in the background with soldiers diving through waterfalls of meatballs .
