  there are plenty of `` farmers ' markets '' you can go to buy fresh food right from the farm . 
  whole foods is n't the only place to get great food . 
  i 've also noticed an improvement in the quality of food available at chains like safeway over the years . 
  for that matter , places like northern virginia ( right outside washington dc ) , la , and nyc are melting pots with immigrants from around the world , so we also have an enormous variety of ethnic foods to choose from . 
  i was well aware about game of thrones ( that 's why i mentioned the whole medieval thing ) , but i was totally unaware about star wars viii !, 
  holy crap !, 
  really ? 
  that 's news to me . 
  shame , lame , tame . 
  blame , game , same . 
  name , fame , dame . 
  or falling down drunk repeatedly in a slapstick kind of way , either one . 
  authorities have also issued a statement speculating about the rumors that the suspect is , quote , a `` jerk face '' and a `` butt hole '' who sticks his sister 's barbie dolls up his cornhole . 
  uncomfired reports suggest that he 's a momma 's boy asslicker . 
  further evidence might also corroborate and lend credence to the theory that the suspect is a complete asshole , a rotten douche , and a fart-knocker . 
  seriously , though , fuck this guy . 
  such a worthy site for filming a medieval show or movie . 
  holy rusted metal , batman , look at romania !, 
  i generally agree but with one small exception : salmon bits on pizza ( with other assorted meats so its not just fish ) . 
  that bit at the end of the article , about police breaking up a network that appears to be much larger than previously thought , is rather chilling . 
  also , the op title is hysterically funny . 
  that 's not really the issue at hand here . 
  there are millions of people in north korea , yet it is not as lit up at night as south korea . 
  the level of brightness indicates the level of development and urbanization . 
  i never said anything about population density or dispersal . 
  you 're reading into my terse four-word comment a bit too much . 
  it 's like staring inside at the contents of a time capsule . 
  fascinating . 
  it 's also equally depressing looking at a map of syria at night here in 2010 versus right now , 2016 . 
  that ongoing civil war there has made things much darker ( figuratively and literally speaking ) . 
  yeah . 
  that ongoing croatian war of independence was n't helping matters either . 
  holy crap , the balkans !, 
  just like the tpp will do to the pacific region . 
  these trade deals are just massive circle jerks for corporate interests . 
  they do so at the expense of working class people and consumers alike . 
  i was expecting something ugly . 
  these comments have been surprisingly civil , and that 's a pleasant turn of events . 
  actually , i came into this thread hoping * do n't let it be americans , do n't let it be americans !, 
  * i have been pleasantly surprised . 
  coward sounds about right and it 's a good thing he was a coward , seeing how more innocent people could have been killed that night . 
  i have to say , good job , belgian police !, 
  lol . 
  south korea and china are as clear as day and lit up like christmas trees ; north korea just kind of melds together with the darkness of the yellow sea and sea of japan . 
  pretty awesome . 
  now compare it to north korea . 
  lol . 
   a bucharest court placed the condition of no parole on popescu 's sentence while also rejecting an appeal by the disgraced politician during the culmination of a case that won him the mocking nickname the `` chicken baron '' . 
  colonel sanders is going to be pissed and rolling around in his grave over this moniker . 
  there can be only one chicken baron . 
  good riddance . 
  vladimir putin : is it done , sergey ? 
  it has only begun . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyafftps85m ) **, 
  unless of course you think hooligans are terrorists . 
  ancient ? 
  i thought i was going to see some lusitanian tribesmen , or some ancient romans . 
  hyperbole aside , these were some awesome pics . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  this was lovely , thanks for sharing . 
  i was almost expecting to see something sarcastic , showing refugees at the border between greece and the republic of macedonia , but i was pleasantly surprised to see this instead . 
  cheers . 
  mexico is a schizophrenic place , because while it seems to be descending into a chaotic narco state in many places , its overall middle class is also growing along with its tech sector . 
  mexico 's economy is also far more diversified than venezuela . 
  if it were n't for the us war on drugs and marijuana still being illegal in most states ( and federally for that matter ) , then mexico would be doing even better and the cartel would be greatly diminished compared to its present strength . 
  legalizing drugs would basically cripple if not destroy their crime syndicates for good . 
  does n't predator keep the heads ( the skulls at least ) as trophies , though ? 
  usually when someone burns eu and nato flags , they usually yell out `` allah akbar '' . 
  in this case , he most likely said something to the effect of `` remove kebab '' . 
  i 'm not exactly sure why , but the whole recurring spat between greeks and turks is good entertainment for some reason . 
  racism and nationalism are usually nasty , scary things , but when the greeks and turks do it , for some reason it becomes quaint and acceptable , like a couple of grandfathers exchanging harmless banter . 
  that 's easily the most hysterically funny thing i 've read all week . 
  polandball never fails to deliver . 
  damn . 
  that 's hardcore . 
  and also a bit funny ( no doubt those who are absolutely pc will downvote my post into oblivion for this opinion ) . 
  i like how they think the french are all just lovey-dovey when it comes to the natives they rule over , wherever that may be . 
  i can see the justification for that somewhat in the attitudes of the french to native americans in north america during their colonial period of the 18th century , contrasted with the attitudes of most english settlers and colonists . 
  it also depended on which native american tribe was allied to either the french or the british at the time , but the french generally viewed the native american tribes from an almost modern anthropological perspective and were interested in learning things about their cultures , not viewing everything they did as being inherently inferior ( the `` noble savage '' was indeed a thing in intellectual circles , especially in france , and even applied to a lesser extent to white americans of english descent like benjamin franklin ) . 
  the english had no interest in that and , if they could n't exclude native americans entirely , they desired to assimilate and `` civilize '' them to the english way of life or else . 
  lol . 
  i love that exclamatory noise/word they make . 
  this was a fun video , thanks for sharing !, 
  it reminds me of my vacation to south korea back in late 2011 , right when kim jong-il died and was replaced by kim jong-un . 
  funny enough , i got to see north korea with binoculars from ganghwado island . 
  oops !, 
  yeah , i 'd say serbia is a good rough mixture of eastern and southern , the former due to its slavic culture and language , the latter for its geographic location ( same latitude as croatia on a globe ... and the northern half of italy for that matter ) . 
  if it makes you feel better i also left out bosnia & herzegovina , kosovo , and fyrom ( i.e. 
  macedonia ), 
  it 's the dawn of a new age , you guys , a golden one . 
  lol . 
  just kidding . 
  the sun never sets on the sins of our fathers ( or grandfathers and great grandfathers at this point ) . 
  thanks for the rundown !, 
  i was really trying to wrap my head around this one and make sense of it in terms other than `` erdogan hates the press , naturally he would do this to anyone '' . 
  not every balkan country is the same , but since croatia , slovenia , and albania all share mediterranean coastlines along the adriatic i think it 's fair to call them southern european . 
  you ca n't really make the same argument for bulgaria , though , and not even romania ( despite its linguistic and cultural affinity to the other romance-speaking countries of southern europe , france , italy , spain , and portugal ) . 
  i do n't know , dude . 
  i like italian food more overall , but french * formage * is king in my opinion . 
  there are no other cheeses on earth that compare .
