  uh ... the uk is still part of nato , so the english would have to do something really boneheaded now to surpass the ire aimed at putin and the russian federation over ukraine . 
  something like leaving nato too . 
  yep . 
  that would probably do it . 
  britain as a whole ? 
  not exactly the entire island , i think . 
  in fact , i think scotland is going to hold another referendum to leave the uk , a successful one this time . 
  if northern ireland does the same and joins the republic of ireland , an eu member , then it will just be england and wales forming the `` united kingdom '' at that point . 
  hopefully england and wales will be treated like norway and switzerland at least . 
  we 're such enablers , just incorrigible . 
  i 'll just be watching this from the sidelines with some popcorn . 
  besides , i 'm too busy with canada and mexico at the moment . 
  `` chaos is a ladder . '', 
  i totally get what you 're saying , but that being said , i would n't want them to stop making south park !, 
  even though it will have to end some day . 
  the thought brings a tear to my eye . 
  in fact ... what would you do ? 
  if you were asked to give up south park for freedom ? 
  what would you do ? 
  if asked to give up the show as a sacrifice ? 
  would you think about trey and parker , who gave up everything they had ? 
  would you think about all them episodes , and would you start to feel bad ? 
  how is this a response to what i 've just said ? 
  do you understand what nato is compared to the eu ? 
  the eu is more of a trade alliance between member states who have abolished passport controls in order to facilitate smooth travel of people , goods , and services , along with a large monetary union all using the single euro to strengthen this united , single internal marketplace . 
  the eu does n't have a proper military ; security is largely a role filled by its individual member states on their own terms , with some cooperation , but this all exists underneath the pervasive layer of nato . 
  again , nato is the one that 's important militarily . 
  you could argue , however , that the uk just shot itself in the foot by leaving the eu and endangering its economy , its trade agreements , the strength of the pound sterling , etc. 
  that still has absolutely no bearing on the uk 's existing military alliance with all of these states via nato . 
  lol . 
  economics aside , militarily speaking , the eu does n't mean much . 
  you 're thinking of nato . 
  last i checked nato has not been dissolved and the uk is still a member , along with the usa , canada , hell , even turkey ( which , on an entirely different note , has wanted to join the eu for a very long time until president erdogan `` screwed the pooch '' , so to speak ) . 
  considering how most eu members are also members of nato , i 'd say that those countries did n't lose much military capability at all , including the uk 's nuclear arsenal . 
  colonial history thus comes full circle , right back to the start . 
   yo dawg , i heard you like to beat up islamists !, 
  so i hired some islamists to beat up the islamists that beat up the radiohead fans while listening to radiohead and getting beat up by islamists that 'll get beaten by other islamists . 
   you 're welcome . 
  - xzibit, 
  this story is a heady mix of informative , hilarious , and morbid . 
  spain is perhaps underrated , but i just know italian and french wines to a greater degree . 
  conversely , if you 're trying to irritate a russian , just say `` finnish vodka is better . '', 
  i imagined that in a valley girl 's voice for some reason . 
  thanks for pointing that out . 
  well , many of the refugees are very young men and teen boys . 
  i do n't see how this is inherently a bad thing . 
  i received sex ed when i was in high school when i was 15 or 16 . 
  if a lot of refugees are minors or very young adults , i do n't see how this is harmful . 
  from what i can tell it does n't imply anything about rape , or why they should n't be doing it . 
  call me crazy , but that seems like a separate conversation . 
  am i missing something here ? 
  this course seems like one about sex ed , not necessarily one instructing them to not rape because it 's morally and legally wrong . 
  are n't these two different things ? 
  theoretically ? 
  drainage , eli , you boy . 
  drained dry . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  here , if you have a milkshake , and ukraine has a milkshake , and i have a straw . 
  there it is , that 's a straw , you see ? 
  ukraine drinks your milkshake . 
  it drinks it right up , eli !, 
  nope , not really . 
  he 's a dictator and rt is pravda . 
  that being said , the syrian civil war needs to come to an abrupt end . 
  assad is n't going to be toppled by the weak opposition . 
  that 's a fantasy . 
  at the same time , the opposition will stay if a significant amount of force is n't applied to dislodge them . 
  at the very least the us does n't need to be training or arming them , especially since most of the syrian rebels are concerned more with fighting assad than they are with fighting isis . 
   afterall the migrants are n't vampires well that 's a relief . 
  lol . 
  i suppose anything could be made worse . 
  even then , that 's still an incredible amount of money for each taxpayer . 
  once more it reinforces the need to bring this syrian civil war to a very speedy end . 
  enough of this already . 
  christ , throw support behind the dictator assad if needs be !, 
  it 's not like we 're not already supporting similar strongmen in figures like el-sisi in egypt or far , far worse , like the reigning king of saudi arabia . 
  the only difference is they 're sunni and assad is shia ( and backed by iran ) . 
  looks rather nice , although not that high up at all . 
  not sure about many other eu countries , but my student visa application to get into the uk was no walk in the park . 
  it was expensive , lengthy , and somewhat nerve-wracking , as it required literally sending my passport in the mail to their embassy and receiving it later . 
  they found one little tiny thing wrong with my picture , so they had me send it again with a white instead of light grayish background . 
  i kid you not . 
  the whole process took more than a month . 
  what about people in germany with descendants from countries like lebanon ? 
  the latter has a huge christian minority . 
  even egypt has a coptic christian population that amounts to roughly 10 % of the whole country . 
  you ca n't just automatically count people with descendants from these countries as `` muslims '' because that conflates them with eastern christians , or for that matter groups that are neither christian nor muslim . 
  for instance : the yazidis and the druze . 
  hell , toss in the remaining zoroastrians for good measure ( the ones who still did n't flee to india ) . 
  yeah , a lot of them are a lot more zealous even than their parents . 
  then there are other kids who turn into full apostates by declaring that they have basically left islam . 
  it 's a risky move , considering how apostasy is a virtual death sentence , but it does happen . 
  there are numerous documentaries on youtube dedicated to the subject . 
  i agree that 10 % is huge , yes . 
  but any figure between 2-5 % , although substantial , is just not the same thing . 
  and france only has that many people of african and north african descent because of the colonial legacy and the francophone world they created as a result . 
  if the french had never maintained such a huge colonial empire , then there 's no way there would be that many immigrants and those of immigrant descent in france today . 
  germany never maintained a huge empire in africa or elsewhere for that matter , had very few global colonies , and thus it 's no big surprise that for a very long time germany had almost no non-germans . 
  that all started to change , of course , with the influx of turkish workers some 50 years ago now . 
  that sounds big until you consider the fact that france has something like 10 % of the population being of arab-berber/middle eastern/north african descent .
