  i somehow gain the impression that you are extrapolating an anecdotal observation about an online experience and then applying it to the real world . 
  i could be wrong about that ... 
  you might not have seen it since i was busy editing my text while you made your response , but i think this additional paragraph is worth reiterating , in light of your assertions that nato is n't as relevant without a soviet union or similar supranational state/federation/empire acting as a counterweight :  nato continued to exist after the breakup of the soviet union because there was no real pressing reason to dismantle or discontinue it . 
  in fact , expanding it pretty much means no other major power outside of nato would dare to strike any of its members . 
  it alongside other supranational organizations like the eu have been one of the leading causes for world peace in the present day and age . 
  there 's an old latin saying in the de re militari by the ancient roman author publius flavius vegetius renatus : si vis pacem , para bellum , which translates as `` if you want peace , prepare for war . '', 
  that 's what nato is in a nutshell . 
  it 's not like anyone in a position of power is actively trying to hide the fact or erase statements in history texts about why nato was established and maintained since 1949 . 
  the treaty was signed with the soviet union in mind , but also because of the horrors of wwii . 
  no one ( in their right mind ) wanted a repeat/sequel of the second world war on the european continent . 
  nato was legitimized even further in the minds of its leaders ( and the general public in western countries ) when the soviet union formed the rival warsaw pact in 1955 . 
  the cold war never turned into a direct , open conflict with the soviet union because of these alliance systems and , of course , mutually assured destruction ( mad ) via a potential nuclear holocaust should the ballistic missiles start to fly . 
  nato continued to exist after the breakup of the soviet union because there was no real pressing reason to dismantle or discontinue it . 
  in fact , expanding it pretty much means no other major power outside of nato would dare to strike any of its members . 
  it alongside other supranational organizations like the eu have been one of the leading causes for world peace in the present day and age . 
  there 's an old latin saying in the * de re militari * by the ancient roman author publius flavius vegetius renatus : * si vis pacem , para bellum * , which translates as `` if you want peace , prepare for war . '', 
  that 's what nato is in a nutshell . 
  okay . 
  but what if you throw mike tyson into the mix ? 
  or bobcat goldthwait just for fun . 
  to be honest , i think it would be funny if someone created two facebook accounts : one pretending to be philip ii of macedon , the other demosthenes . 
  then they could just launch verbal tirades against each other all day . 
  lol . 
  kind of like when god and satan on myspace used to argue with each other many years ago ( when myspace was still relevant ) . 
  safety is one thing . 
  yet i would be remiss to ignore arguably the oldest city in all of france ( i.e. 
  marseille , aka massalia in ancient times when it was a greek colony ) . 
  i 'm a history buff , not just a lover of scenery or good food . 
  correct . 
  i was only speaking hypothetically ... i was n't actually suggesting that we start nato talks on evicting turkey from the alliance . 
  they 'd have to do something outrageously stupid first , like attacking greece ( another member of nato ) . 
  and like the op said , this is nothing but hot air and empty rhetoric from them . 
  thank you for saying the only thing i bothered to come here and say . 
  you beat me to it !, 
  honestly , i wonder how their rhetoric would change if the rest of nato requested a review of their membership . 
  for me it was n't a mistake so much as an inability to stay for very long , as my resources and window of time was very limited ( at the time ) . 
  i 'd very much like to visit arles and marseille . 
  make no mistake : this is all about denying russia any further alliances with fellow slav nations in the balkans and eastern europe . 
  it is not about altruism , although it 's not a bad thing to consider the security of others . 
  sometimes that has its own rewards !, 
  and sometimes good karma comes back around . 
  do n't be entirely cynical . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i was fucking around ; was n't being serious . 
  i suggested `` filip '' because that 's the macedonian ( and various slavic ) way of rendering the greek `` philippos '' ( \u03a6\u03af\u03bb\u03b9\u03c0\u03c0\u03bf\u03c2 ) . 
  on that note , hail the great glorious slav king alexandrewko the gretko !, 
  it 's less about that and more about expanding the amount of territories that certain * hypothetical * hostile nations will be unable or unwilling to attack , thanks to the collective defense clause of nato . 
  poe 's law : without emojis , i ca n't tell if his post is being sarcastic , or if he actually thinks this way . 
  it 's so pristine . 
  it 's a shame i did n't see anything of france outside of paris when i visited the country . 
  lol . 
  i 'm assuming it would consume a lot of bacalhau and baklava . 
   nah ... he was slav and his name was alexandrewko the gretko . 
  / s just out of curiosity , what was the name of his father , if not philip ii of macedon ? 
  just `` filip '' or something ? 
  this was very entertaining and i learned a great deal of stuff that i did not know before . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
   awwww :3 get a room you two !, 
  for that matter , what would a hybrid greek-portuguese love-child look like ? 
  and you can thank the greeks for that too , since they invented drama . 
   to be fair you ca n't get curry smell out of a kitchen . 
  his loss . 
  i think indian/pakistani food rules . 
  no pun intended : it 's the bomb . 
  awesome . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  hitler still fits into that category , though . 
  and for that matter , mussolini and franco were still * dictators * , which was the original term used ( erroneously ) about the eu here . 
  thanks . 
  i ca n't understand the lyrics ; what 's the song about ? 
  the tune is nice at least !, 
  interesting . 
  is that lithuanian ? 
  this is more than just a little hyperbolic ; i hope you 're kidding . 
  a real dictatorship was the totalitarianism of hitler , mussolini , franco , stalin , etc. 
  you 've had it too good . 
  you apparently have no idea what it was like for many europeans just a generation ago before the soviet union 's iron curtain fell in central and eastern europe . 
  the eu has its problems , but donald tusk is hardly a figure akin to pol pot , mao zedong , saddam hussein , or augusto pinochet . 
  i 'm not going to downvote you , but perhaps you could explain what you meant by calling it a hoax . 
  that does n't make much sense , in light of recent events . 
  in either case it was perhaps a poor and rash decision by the uk , especially from an economic standpoint . 
   article 50 : theresa may signs letter that will trigger brexit * triggered * seriously , though , this is a crap situation for the uk moving forward . 
  especially for its scientific and intellectual institutions , to say nothing of the multinational corporate headquarters moving from london over to the continent . 
  probably thought : `` no ... could n't be worse than winter in prussia !, 
  right , guys ? '', 
  napoleon bonaparte knew a thing or two . 
   skyscraper booms are usually followed by an economic downturn . 
  i wonder if the next downturn will be fueled by the brexit of the uk from the eu , and the exodus of some multinational corp headquarters from london to continental europe ... say , to paris or frankfurt instead ? 
  yes , hillary 's gimmick is funny/shortsighted in hindsight given how relations with russia took a nose dive soon after , but that was because russia invaded crimea , annexed it , and helped separatist movements in eastern ukraine ( from the summer of 2014 onward ) . 
  in this latest event , however , trump is just undermining relations with a strong us and nato ally for the fuck of it . 
  or rather because he sees eye to eye with putin in regards to geopolitical strategy . 
  which is odd , because russia , far more so than even china , wants to undermine the us from within and weaken its position in the world . 
  trump , on the other hand , sees only business opportunities . 
  i sure hope he knows what he 's doing . 
  something tells me he does n't , but he did manage to become president , so he 's capable enough to do that at least . 
  i 'm sorry , what ? 
  are you saying / r/dubious _ squirrel is not a latvian ? 
  he 's certainly bearing the national flag . 
  good points .
