  the very first legitimate islamic terrorist organizations ( [ such as the black hand ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_hand_%28mandatory_palestine%29 ) anti-zionist terrorist jihadist group ) were established in britain 's mandatory palestine , what is now israel , back in the 1930s and were in direct conflict with the small jewish zionist terrorist organizations of the time . 
  the rise of islamic terrorism from that point until the late 20th century coincided with the overwhelming military dominance of the globe by the west , particularly the uk , france , and the usa , with the exception of the soviet union . 
  for that matter , the islamist jihadist * mujahideen * of afghanistan were established as a direct consequence of the soviet invasion during the 1980s . 
  in essence , as with most other terrorist organizations , their military and political power is very limited , so instead of relying on actual armies to spread and protect islam , like the ottomans and caliphates before them did for centuries , they now had to resort to underhanded , underground tactics . 
  it 's the same strategy adopted by hamas in palestine , by the taliban in afghanistan , and the baathists in northern iraq during the us occupation ( culminating in the creation of their own terrorist state , isis , feuled also by the neighboring syrian civil war ) . 
  you 're right that certain geopolitical and military realities have essentially created islamic terrorism as we know it today . 
  yet you 'd be fooling yourself if you thought it had nothing to do with islamic scripture and a sense of supranational islamic brotherhood ( a desire to avenge any perceived slight , physical attack or even just general public criticism of islam , against any muslim anywhere in the world , whether that be in xinjiang , china , or new delhi , india , or mandalay , burma , or the gaza strip , palestine , etc. ) . 
  islamist terrorism in india actually stretches back to at least the early 20th century , with murders of hindus who mocked the prophet muhammed in popular literature . 
  it 's the same reason al-qaeda sent assassins into the offices of charlie hebdo in paris to kill a bunch of cartoonists who drew pictures of muhammad . 
  they were avenging the literal prophet of islam , who died 1600 years ago , not some syrian or iraqi fighter who france had recently bombed since the year 2000 . 
  it 's also the same reason secular and atheist bloggers are hacked to death with machetes in bangladesh . 
  i could give many , many more examples of how modern islamic terrorism is fueled simply by religious zealism , but i think you get the point . 
  do n't be fooled into thinking every jihadist grabs an ak-47 because the us invaded iraq . 
  in fact , most fighters who join isis subscribe explicitly to their insane apocalyptic death cult ( including all the eschatological prophecies that islam will conquer the world just before armageddon ) and the promise that they will enter paradise after death and be rewarded as martyrs fighting for the caliphate . 
  in their minds it is the only state on earth cosmically sanctioned by allah . 
  everyone else is doomed to hellfire . 
  now that was an excellent response . 
  norway could be turned into a nuclear wasteland , does n't count , though , not part of the eu !, 
  good point . 
  london , madrid , moscow , paris , and istanbul do n't ring a bell at all for you ? 
  lol . 
  candy crush . 
  for some reason the image of that in my mind really drives home the carelessness and apathy of the authorities you are deriding here . 
  seriously , though , no one is flying into brussels right now , it 's not like the turks are somehow unique . 
  they 're just doing what everyone else is doing out of legitimate safety concerns . 
  i do n't necessarily disagree with everything you 're saying ( and i would limit the argument to ethnic arab sunnis and pashtuns of afghanistan/pakistan only , not even other sunnis like kazakhs and indonesians and turks ) , but seriously dude , what the fuck did oman ever do to anyone ? 
  nothing . 
  that country is majority ** ibadi ** muslim , so they are neither sunni nor shia . 
  they are one of the few muslim-majority countries that have n't produced a single recruit for isis . 
  not a one , literally . 
  it is pretty cringe-worthy to watch this now , given the context of today 's attacks . 
  alright , that does it !, 
  not to brag or anything , but countries i 've visited : mexico , caymen islands , south korea , kazakhstan , kyrgyzstan , italy , germany , austria , switzerland , france , the republic of ireland , and i currently live in the uk . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  what ? 
  really ? 
  can you give links to that ? 
  that sounds really out of the ordinary . 
  like a game of whack-a-mole . 
  yeah , i was n't suggesting that it would magically end terrorism altogether . 
  i was specifically referring to this particular network that abdeslam belongs to . 
  yeah , salah obviously did n't see his arrest and incarceration coming . 
  he was caught completely off guard . 
  he could , on the other hand , have been feeding belgian authorities some false information while being interrogated this week , just to buy his terrorist buddies some time to carry out another attack . 
  he 's allegedly `` cooperating '' with authorities , so make of that what you will . 
  my guess would be that he failed to mention anything like this and just fed belgian authorities some false information to buy some time for his terrorist buddies . 
  lol . 
  just 40 years ? 
  geez , if this was the us they would be given at least multiple life sentences , combined up to something like 300 years . 
  some states would toy with the idea of capital punishment ( which i consider barbaric and outdated , and a danger to potentially innocent people on death row , so france is better in that regard for abandoning the guillotine ) . 
  that 's my hunch as well , considering how salah abdeslam has been captured recently and is reportedly `` spilling the beans '' to belgian authorities about this secret underground network of terrorist cells holding allegiance to isis . 
  perhaps he 's feeding them nothing but false info , though , you never know . 
  i hope this is just the desperate act of a network who is feeling the noose tighten around their necks . 
  sooner or later it will all be busted up . 
  oops !, 
  yep . 
  misspelled it . 
  thanks for catching that . 
  lol . 
  yeah , i forgot about the whole erdogan = gollum thing . 
  now we just have to find sam !, 
  i vote for boris johnson ( mayor of london ) on that one . 
  well , think of it this way : where do you think you 'll find fresher seafood like crab or lobster at a regular market ? 
  san francisco ? 
  or kansas city ? 
  i hope that answers your question . 
  goddamn it , man !, 
  that 's the funniest fucking thing i 've read all week . 
  keep that up and you 're sure to win a promotion with a pay raise , mister , quicker than shit through a goose . 
  you might even nab a nice corner office with a window and a good view . 
  so if sarkozy is frodo , who will be sam and golem ? 
  i 'd sooner call them belgian fries or freedom fries than islamic fries . 
  lol . 
  hell , how about just `` fries '' without any adjective before it ? 
  their latest province . 
  okay . 
  is there another article corroborating your account and discounting the article i shared , though ? 
  surely that has never , ever been filmed in this location . 
  ironically , a random attack on the city could end up killing muslim pedestrians walking about too . 
  yet belgian cops are being attacked in molenbeek by muslim youths and rioters who hail abdeslam as a hero , literally . 
  http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/653818/molenbeek-terror-raid-paris-attacks-salah-abdeslam-belgium-riot-police those people do not belong in europe . 
  throwing rocks at cops ... 
  seriously , wtf is belgium turning into , palestine ? 
  those numbers do not surprise me , seeing how belgian cops are being attacked in molenbeek by muslim youths and rioters who hail him as a hero , literally . 
  the food itself is very fresh , their beef is top notch and their various cheeses are rich , but i 'm not a huge fan of a lot of their dishes or cuisine . 
  a lot of it is really bland for my tastes , not enough pepper and almost no spices whatsoever . 
  as someone who 's a massive fan of mexican food and indian food , this is a must for me . 
  lol . 
  the stereotype is also true : they have an overabundance of potato-based dishes and products , or `` spuds '' as they affectionately call them . 
  i suppose i do n't mind that too much , seeing how i 'm of partial irish descent ( the love of potatoes is buried deep down into my bones and dna structure ) . 
  yes . 
  i 'm living in the eu right now ( the uk ) . 
  i 've also traveled throughout ireland , germany , italy , austria , some parts of france and switzerland too . 
  i 'm not just talking out of my ass . 
  depending on where you live and what you 're looking for , you can get great quality fresh food in the us . 
  obviously you 're going to have a harder time doing that in a place like detroit , but that goes without saying . 
  you 're right , wegmans rules . 
  and they 're fucking open all hours of the day !, 
  depends on where you are in the us . 
  i 'm from northern virginia and to be frank , the food here is excellent .
