  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xphxfjzpsms ) ** < -- after chugging a bottle of syrup at a diner , lol . 
  seems like good material for / r/nottheonion . 
  well , you 're certainly not wrong in either of your points , but the two world wars are irrelevant to the topic of the american revolution , which was the only conflict i was referring to . 
  as for the brits coming back to fight the us , that 's certainly proven by the war of 1812 , by which point they were grappling with napoleonic europe ( two years before napoleon 's exile and three years before waterloo ) . 
  indeed !, 
  besides , germany as a nation-state did not exist as a country until 1871 with the end of the franco-prussian war ( and formation of the german empire ) , so germans are off the hook for everything they did before that year . 
  those are fantastic points , although i still think the us constitution would ultimately still be greatly influenced by the legacy of the original english bill of rights from the 17th century . 
  you are right , though , that us culture , government , and architecture would look more canadian ( for lack of a better word ) and for that matter follow the generic trends of the latter half of the 19th century . 
  lol . 
  not your fault , germany !, 
  times were desperate , and mercenaries were going to be mercenaries . 
  i said that the war would have been averted , not that independence would have been averted indefinitely . 
  canada did n't have a violent revolution in order to formally separate itself from the uk , for instance . 
  brexit is one thing , but a united europe is in the interest of the us , perhaps not donald trump personally since he seems to share some of putin 's ideas about nato , but quite honestly look how much nato and the eu overlap . 
  even though the eu poses a threat/challenge to some us economic interests , better to have a united western world than a divided one . 
  we all saw how well that worked out when fascist dictators took over italy in the 1920s and germany in the 1930s . 
  i 'm a patriotic american , but even i know the american revolutionary war could have been averted and america could have remained a british colony if the british parliament had acted differently and accommodated colonial american business interests more . 
  probably could have avoided the boston tea party for that matter !, 
  i suppose that hindsight is 20/20 , though . 
  also , thanks again france , for helping us fight the brits in that conflict , even if you showed up a bit late . 
   also , thanks for the statue of liberty . 
  she 's pretty . 
  you 're going to need a lot of bbq smoked ribs , cornbread , and cigarettes to seal the deal . 
  the silver lining here is that us states and private companies are not obligated to follow trump 's decision in any way , shape , or form . 
  you can bet this will be a ballot box issue for most if not all governors ' races in 2018 , two years before ** the orange one ** in the white house is up or reelection . 
  to be clear , it will include 36 gubernatorial races . 
  some states are already enacting green energy policies and their own greenhouse gas emission reductions . 
  well , as the leaks of the dnc and clinton campaign emails revealed , there was some collusion between clinton and the dnc to undermine bernie in the primaries , which should surprise no one considering how debbie wasserman schultz was in charge at the time . 
  hillary is a classically corrupt politician , a wall street sleaze and chum of goldman sachs , a brazen collector of foreign donations through the clinton foundation , a bumbler with her private email server used for official business as secretary of state , among other scandals . 
  admittedly these clinton scandals pale in comparison to trump , who was merely performing psychological projection when accusing her of corruption ( especially his cozy relationship with wall street and the very same goldman sachs ) . 
  he 's a true con-artist , but fortunately for us an inept one who inadvertently leaves breadcrumbs everywhere , like with deutsche bank , for instance : http://money.cnn.com/2017/05/24/news/economy/deutsche-trump-russia/, 
  i distinctly remember trump saying in a tweet how he did n't mind the comparison to mussolini . 
  lol . 
  it 'll be okay farage , you had your brexit . 
  i 'm sure the lifestyles of the butteri and gardians are somewhat similar , but there 's more to american cowboys than just their appearance , getup , and experience with horses and cattle . 
  they are a definitive subculture of the us , one of the most celebrated ones as far as hollywood cinema is concerned , and they have their own set of values/attitudes/outlooks / code of ethics that make them unique . 
  how different are the butteri from the rest of italian culture in that regard ? 
  or the french gardians for that matter ? 
  it 's also perhaps a consequence of geography that american cowboys have such an enduring cultural legacy in the us as opposed to rustic elements of other first world , industrialized , developed nations . 
  the continental united states has vast swaths of rural countryside and wilderness compared to europe , which is mostly developed , containing clusters of towns and cities everywhere ( well , aside from the elevated regions of the alps , lol ) , is losing its last primeval forest in poland , and has tamed its landscape for the most part . 
  things in the us are just more spread out ( with cities being further apart and the cities themselves growing like weeds instead of being neatly contained ) , to the point that a trip to europe seems almost claustrophobic to some americans . 
  it 's true that we 're not `` european '' , but the word you 're looking for here is `` western '' , and that applies to australia , new zealand , canada , and one might dare say the whole of latin america let alone europe ( some go as far as to include south africa , but the west can basically be defined as nato , the eu , + the major anglophone countries ) . 
  do n't fool yourself into thinking american culture is not an offshoot of english culture from the 18th century , albeit radically changed thanks to the `` melting pot '' of various cultures , especially african american culture ( e.g. 
  invention of blues , jazz , rock n roll , etc. ) . 
  i also find it odd that you would claim that american culture is so radically different from europe that we 're on the same level as india and china . 
  lol . 
  what ? 
  are you high ? 
  china is and will most likely always be an east asian country and civilization , with a culture and set of ( revised confucian ) values that could n't be more radically different . 
  the us is more aligned with the values and culture of the uk , the latter of which colonized and controlled india for a very long time , but that hardly means the various subcultures of india are as dissimilar to european culture as ours . 
  even our founding governing institutions and us bill of rights mirror those of the uk and english bill of rights , if not our shared greco-roman precedent and the examples of the medieval/early modern republics . 
  the us did not form out of a vacuum . 
  that said , european systems and values have evolved so radically over the past two centuries , from monarchism , to republicanism , to fascism , then back to republicanism with the advent of social democracy , that it is hard to say what traditional european values and cultures are except for how they exist at present . 
  i 'll give you the rustic `` cowboy '' culture of the us . 
  that perhaps has no equivalent in europe . 
  for the early medieval period , a town/city of 20,000 was a medium-sized settlement , so relatively speaking not that bad . 
  hell , even in the roman period cities were often not that huge and only a handful were of the megalith size of rome , such as alexandria in roman egypt . 
  i also would n't characterize even a modern settlement of 20,000 as a `` village '' but as a town proper . 
  you 're certainly right about it being a husk of its former self , though , and unable to properly maintain the grand public works that were built in rome 's heyday and zenith . 
  probably had french indo-china on your mind . 
  that would be great . 
  better make it earthquake proof this time . 
  holy shit , that was awesome !, 
  just to be clear , there were obviously skeptics of the gods such as socrates , who unfortunately was forced into suicide ( having chosen not to go into exile ) over the issue of merely introducing doubt about the existence of the gods and their powers . 
  he corrupted the youth of athens with his pushy socratic questions !, 
  then there are other prominent examples like theodorus the atheist , protagoras , and epicurus , who was arguably an agnostic . 
  that still does n't change the fact that the vast majority of people in ancient times , greeks included , were superstitious and had genuine beliefs in their pantheons of gods . 
  it was even exploited by heron of alexandria when he devised a hydraulic/mechanical system of automatically-opening doors for a greek temple in egypt . 
  this would have appeared to have been caused by supernatural forces and was meant to awe the crowd standing before it as they made votive offerings . 
  and it was n't just commoners who had genuine beliefs , we have various ancient greek philosophers themselves professing that they believed in the gods and criticized those who questioned them . 
  exactly !, 
  i should man one of the phones at a suicide prevention hotline . 
  perfect job for me !, 
  there 's a hotline you can call now !, 
  do n't do it , greece !, 
  you have so much to live for !, 
  think of all the money you could be paying germany . 
  it was even more wondrous when you take into account that most if not all the people attending that theater believed that zeus lobbed thunder bolts from the sky and that helios darted across the daytime sky on a golden chariot driven by fiery steeds . 
  lol . 
  your user name seems relevant here . 
  that almost reads like a rundown of a mortal combat match , only it 's missing that `` finish him '' final move at the very end there . 
  and you 're a duke , a member of the nobility !, 
  if they arrest you for that , one can only imagine what they would do to us plebs . 
  i 'm assuming testicular shocks are involved . 
  i mean , they are germans after all . 
  and business is booming . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  this was actually quite entertaining , because there 's a lot of necessary history that has to be discussed when explaining the various dialects ( and languages ) of italy . 
  i 'd love to go back there some day , too !, 
  only this time somewhere besides florence , rome , and milan ... maybe naples , pisa , bologna , and venice . 
   our dialects live on in the little italies in the united states , where italians left in the 20s and 30s before tv really taught italian to the italians . 
  not all is lost . 
  is there any way to gauge this accurately before the advent of audio recording ? 
  we can certainly pinpoint the different quirks and features of various dialects of any language that existed in the first half of the 19th century ( or before ) , but without an audio recording i would imagine it is difficult to deduce anything with a high degree of certainty . 
  is n't it like trying to deduce how american accents sounded in the late 18th century and early 19th century , and how they departed from english as spoken in various parts of the motherland , in great britain ? 
  that being said , we at least have a clear idea , from literature , how languages have evolved over time and how pronunciation has changed dramatically . 
  for instance , the difference between classical latin and church latin . 
  lol . 
  nice . 
  thanks for sharing , but nope , the guys i ran into were legit gypsies .
