  it most certainly had context , in that we were talking about comparing people to hitler and groups of people to the nazis . 
  cathars the lot of them !, 
  we 'll consider alaska for the papacy , but i would request that you please send silvio berlusconi somewhere else . 
  him and trump together sounds dangerous , like a high school chemistry class experiment with bunsen burners gone wrong . 
  bad enough that putin and trump are best of pals ( coincidentally , so were berlusconi and putin ) . 
  good point . 
  i was always interested in this guy too , a byzantine who was responsible for a lot of renaissance italian philosophical ideas : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gemistus_pletho, 
  lol . 
  something tells me this comment is n't going to go over very well . 
  my popcorn is ready !, 
  also , happy birthday , italy . 
  should we give you guam as a birthday present or something ? 
  i feel so unprepared for these things . 
  the first point is still hypothetical , considering how the first clear evidence of a greek ( at that point byzantine ) author speaking clearly about china comes from the 6th century ad , not the 3rd century bc ( although one could conjecture about the `` seres '' who the romans named as silk-producing people of the east and the fact that ptolemy seemed to have included the south china sea in his 2nd-century-ad map of the world ) . 
  as for the ottomans in greece , yep , sounds about right , but in addition to genocide and plague you should also consider famine and destitution in some areas . 
  did the various greeks under venetian rule fair any better ? 
  it 's the renaissance supreme artist from urbino , winning more than charlie sheen have you ever seen his workshop downtown ? 
  his paintings in the vatican beat all the others hands down . 
  good assessment , but it still seems like hitler is always the go-to guy for a representative of right-wing fascism , when there are other ready examples from history ( excluding of course the left-wing communist dictators i mentioned above ) . 
  i guess it 's easier to remember one dictator than to recall all of them . 
  went there two years ago . 
  unfortunately i had a terrible problem with a contact lens ( partially torn ) that was irritating my left eye , so i did n't get to fully appreciate it . 
  took lots of pics , though . 
  a magnificent example of gothic architecture and a place of prayer for the kings of france , no less . 
  verily , the divinely-appointed kings of france , the ancien r\u00e9gime , would have been awestruck at the sights and sounds of this magnificent chapel . 
  seriously , though , they 'd shit their pants at the sight of a movie projector producing moving pictures with surround-sound audio . 
  it would be identified instantly as witchcraft , and everyone there would be burned at the stake or routed by chevaliers . 
  vive la france !, 
  how many greeks do you think existed during any point in antiquity , following the conquests of alexander and the ushering of the hellenistic period ? 
  you guys had colonies as far as france and spain , tons of them in italy and sicily , to say nothing of the eastern mediterranean , the black sea , even the freaking crimean peninsula ( surprised you never made it to contemporary china , at least not as something more than a diplomatic effort or trade group ) . 
  i find it astonishing that , demographically speaking , the population of greece during the ottoman conquest of the byzantine empire had shrunk to such an incredibly low number . 
  oops !, 
  sorry , i was being serious there . 
  [ clearing throat , getting into character . ], 
  shame ?!, 
  that 's not a word we muricans understand . 
  i 'm not ashamed of any murican !, 
  this here is murica !, 
  and i will not apologize or make excuses on behalf of any red-blooded murican !, 
  and you can have obama , that no-good apologist-in-chief !, 
  [ spits loudly into a spitoon bucket . ], 
   this has very little to do with the american people and more to do with american politics . 
  ever since afghanistan the us has lost trust , the war in afghanistan was mismanaged and full of fleecing scandals by afghan warlords , but it was n't an unjust war , unlike the iraq war based on phony evidence of wmds . 
  the war in afghanistan was at least based on real evidence that the taliban and al-qaeda were in league and the former protecting the latter during and after 9/11 . 
  your post would seem more reasonable with the iraq war as the starting point , is what i 'm trying to say . 
   people are starting to see through the shit and are tired of beign spied on , lied to and dragged into middle eastern conflicts that have nothing to do with germany . 
  spying is done by literally every major power , not just the us , although snowden and wikileaks have made us spying more readily available and tangible to the worldwide audience . 
  espionage is a shitty aspect of our global politics and human nature more generally speaking , but that 's the way things have been done since ancient times ( even the romans had spies , e.g. 
  i get what you 're saying about middle eastern conflicts , though . 
  the current refugee crisis in syria would exist perhaps without us involvement ( seeing how the syrian civil war began as a result of the arab spring ) , but the cia , military , and general us involvement in funding rebels and dicking around with the idea of regime change once again is n't helping matters . 
  germany has taken in tons of refugees and the us very little in comparison ( and to be fair , turkey , jordan , lebanon , and egypt have taken in many as well ) . 
  although not part of the middle east , afghanistan was a conflict germany was dragged into along with many others via the collective defense clause of nato . 
  i 'm not sure what your opinion of 9/11 is but that was at least the basis for the war there , even if it was the illogical , misguided basis for the war in iraq . 
   then of course you have a lot of people that grew up behind the iron curtain , bombarded with russian propaganda in their youth . 
  a little closer to home for germany , i would say . 
   my observation is that germans shift their sight on our european brothers and sisters . 
  to become independent from any `` superpower '' . 
  i asked you about your ideas of a more centrally-unified , federal eu in another post below , so i wo n't repeat my questions here . 
  uh ... the us and germany are nato allies . 
  what is russia to germany ? 
  aside from being a critical source for oil and natural gas ( with the caveat of being a consistently hostile partner towards your eastern neighbors ) . 
  i can see why you think this way with trump in office , though . 
  i 'm already reminded of the bush years again . 
  and this idea about germany carving a bigger role for itself , within what framework ? 
  the eu itself ? 
  is n't germany the nominal leading power of the eu already ? 
  to be honest i 'm not sure what to make of your post , aside from the idea of federalizing the eu , which not every member state is on board with . 
  it 's partially the reason the uk is dropping out . 
  ... the korean war was n't justified ? 
  really ? 
  after being invaded by north korea and nearly conquered by them ? 
  that alone tells me you have a profound bias that inhibits reason or you just do n't know much about history , aside from perhaps the vietnam war ( admittedly based on false pretenses and cold war paranoia ) or the more recent iraq war . 
  what about the war in afghanistan ? 
  spurred by the september 11 , 2001 attacks on the wtc & pentagon ? 
  taliban-ruled afghanistan was at the time harboring al-qaeda , so saying it was n't `` even remotely justified '' sounds like you need to provide a better explanation . 
  for that matter it was n't just a us-led war . 
  that was a full-on nato effort involving the eu , canada , australia , etc. , unlike bush 's misadventure in iraq two years later based on the wmd falsehood presented to congress . 
  trump is an ass-hat , but he is being shut down left , right , and center by the other two branches of government outside the executive : the judiciary and ironically the gop-controlled legislature . 
  it 's questionable if they 'll even pass his envisioned healthcare bill , which may be dead on arrival as soon as it hits the floor of the senate . 
  that does n't even touch upon the executive orders that have been shut down by the 9th circuit court . 
  compare this , please , to the rubber-stamping of the kremlin & federal assembly ( duma + federation council ) for putin 's agenda . 
  trump has comically tried to attack the media as well , which has backfired spectacularly . 
  compare that to journalists who are poisoned or shot in russia because they criticized putin or his political party . 
  escalation between nato allies ? 
  the eu is definitely seen as a primary competitor to certain american business interests , but as far as military strategy and geopolitics goes , that 's a whole other ballpark . 
  especially when you consider the us concern about russia and china . 
  hell , rising nations like brazil and india are n't even calculated as a threat , because they are seen as being either neutral in most affairs or downright aligned with american/globalist interests . 
  although exxon-mobile is clearly trying to make a cozier relationship with russia via tillerson as secretary of state , the multinational corporate interests in general do n't share the same sentiments . 
  then again i suppose anything could happen while trump is in office . 
  true , but what else are they supposed to do in this recent spate between the netherlands and turkey ? 
  encourage boycotting ? 
  impose sanctions ? 
  this whole diplomatic row will all probably die down within weeks anyway . 
  turkey , although not part of the eu , is still a member of nato for what it 's worth . 
  cooler heads will eventually prevail ( even if erdogan is a perpetual dolt ) . 
  i happen to like rice cookers . 
  they 're convenient !, 
  and more importantly , they 're most likely not made in turkey . 
  now , now . 
  we would n't want to make donald trump feel bad by denying him the greatest donald of all time trophy .
