  of course , we 're not even facing the brunt of that . 
  it 's mostly shia muslims , yazidi , and orthodox eastern christians who are being slaughtered , like a meat shield for the western world . 
   they are begging for help constantly . 
  but i guess it 's so much easier to offer help on reddit because we all know that a guy from italy talking to a guy from poland wo n't end in anything substantial . 
  shots have been fired . 
  by germany !, 
  yet without it there would be no * saving private ryan * for matt damon and tom hank 's film career . 
  nonsense !, 
  they could fit in a few more i think !, 
  side note : albania is slacking . 
  greece and fyrom are kicking your ass , albania . 
  so what are you going to * do about it * ? 
  seems as though germany has identity and/or self-confidence issues . 
  is it weird that i ca n't tell if his eyes are either green or blue ? 
  are they greenish blue ? 
  i love the little museum exhibits inside the coliseum . 
  it really brings it to life in a way , to see all that roman artwork and sculptures in there . 
  overall it was a fantastic experience visiting the site , regardless of the death and carnage that took place within its walls for entertainment ( and religious purposes , considering the origins and roots of gladiatorial games , whether * munera * or * ludi * ) . 
  it 's simply an architectural masterpiece , with the triple-storied series of arches curving around an oval floor plan , decorated with the facade of tuscan , ionic , and corinthian columns . 
  in addition to that , it contains good ole ancient roman concrete for the vaulted areas . 
  lol . 
  one of my friends even mistook it for modern cement !, 
  that 's actually a really good point . 
  aside from conjugation , chinese also lacks plural versus singular form , as these things are usually distinguished by ascribing a specific number to objects in a sentence . 
  for instance , `` six cars '' in chinese is `` li\u00f9 li\u00e0ng ch\u0113 '' ( \u516d\u8f86\u8f66 ) whereas the english singular `` car '' and plural `` cars '' are both rendered as `` q\u00ecch\u0113 '' ( \u6c7d\u8f66 ) . 
  you are also right about radicals aiding in the literacy of chinese characters , but it 's still far more difficult than mastering a simple alphabet , usually containing less than 30 letters/characters representing all the vocal sounds in any given language forming the vowels and consonants of a syllable . 
  i get what you 're saying about spelling conventions being strange in english in terms of matching * the sound * of various spoken words . 
  in that case you 're right , spanish is far more consistent , but that does n't apply to every romance language . 
  while i consider italian similar to spanish in this regard , i often find that french and portuguese spoken words do not match the way they are spelled . 
  so ... perhaps we should all speak and write in spanish ? 
  lol . 
  latin america is already doing that ( thanks to colonization ) . 
  i disagree that english contains ideograms , though , since even written words like `` colonel '' ( pronounced as `` ker-nul '' ) contain at least the shape and contours of the spoken word . 
  one must also take into account that official standardized spelling in english dictionaries ( and in spelling conventions of various other languages ) only occurred at the end of the 18th century and early 19th century . 
  yet the process of standardized spelling in english stretches back to the 15th century . 
  the pronunciation of some words have simply shifted over time and it is known that english sounded radically different after the great vowel shift of the 15th-17th centuries . 
  what ? 
  learning chinese as a second spoken language and written language is n't impossible , but it 's far more difficult than learning english and writing it with the 26-letter english alphabet ( rooted in the latin alphabet , of course ) . 
  variations of english such as american and british contain some funky instances of spelling , it is true , and too many words have multiple meanings . 
  yet the logographic chinese writing system requires its readers to know roughly 2,000 - 2,500 individual characters to be considered fluent at a basic level . 
  that 's on top of the fact that chinese spoken words on average have an exponentially larger amount of definitions and meanings than english words . 
  take for instance the english word `` bug '' , which as an informal verb can mean to irritate or annoy someone , or as an informal noun it could mean an insect or very small creature . 
  compare that to just about any spoken word in mandarin chinese , ** [ such as the flat-toned `` gu\u012b '' , which is tied to 39 different written words ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/gu%c4%ab#mandarin ) ** . 
  there 's simply no equivalent for that in english ; i challenge you to find a single word in the english language that has 39 different definitions . 
  that 's not to discount the historical convenience of koreans , vietnamese , and japanese peoples communicating with each other and with chinese people/diplomats/traders in their commonly shared chinese writing system . 
  that still does n't discount the fact that most western languages are simply easier to master . 
  or for that matter , any alphabetic writing system , such as korean alphabet hangul , or dare i say the arabic and persian alphabets . 
  this is very true . 
  it should go without saying that some people who hate homosexuals are also women and some of them are even leaders in the `` homophobe '' movement . 
  i have to say , it 's pretty damn convenient for me being born a straight white guy . 
  lol . 
  in terms of discrimination and bigotry , i have no idea but it must suck to be a black lesbian , because that 's like a double-whammy on the totem pole of groups who are oppressed and persecuted . 
  things are getting undeniably better for the lgbt community , though , at least in the western world . 
  i think it 's a bit more than that . 
  some hypermasculine men perceive even the accusation that they are gay , whether playfully sarcastic or serious , as an insult , an insinuation of weakness , and affront to their alpha male role . 
  they usually overcompensate by acting like animals and abusing/attacking gay people without provocation . 
  the roots of it are insecurity , basically . 
  i 've seen it before , because unsurprisingly ( in this day and age ) i know several people who are gay or bisexual . 
  and they 've dealt with nonsense like this . 
  when you combine this with religious and scriptural justification in faiths such as christianity and islam , then you have a deadly combo . 
  although buddhism , daoism , shintoism , and many east asian religions basically have nothing to say about homosexuality , traditionally many of these societies abhor it as well . 
  yet cultural attitudes have never been constant . 
  in ming-dynasty china it was not a big deal to be openly bisexual , even for men who visited catamites , while in christian europe during the 18th century enlightenment there were still laws in place where you could be executed for sodomy and yet some people were openly , flamboyantly gay ( although it was easier to get away with this if you were part of the aristocracy or connected to a royal court ) . 
   fact : 100 % of romans who drowned in the water also died . 
  so the water killed them until they died from it . 
  sounds like a line in * hot shots part deux * . 
  it 's perhaps second only to epidauruham palace , if not westmycenae abbey . 
  that queen 's name ? 
  helen of troy . 
  with the capital of cyprus labeled as `` istanbul '' . 
   eliminated * terminated * . 
  ftfy . 
   they brought blond hair to the spanish , that got ta be worth something , right ? 
  not so sure about that . 
  pre-roman spain was mostly celtic and one should also factor in the odd roman here and there who were blondes ( especially after the romans absorbed northern italy , which , again , was mostly celtic before the romans conquered and assimilated it ) . 
  hell , even augustus himself ( the emperor who reigned when this theatre was built ) was described by historians as being a blondish brunet with hair `` inclined '' towards being golden . 
  statistically speaking , you 're right about the honor killings and fgm when it comes to certain communities of kurds , but overall my perception is probably colored by the kurdish immigrants and refugees in the us , who have been thoroughly westernized/secularized . 
  you 're also probably right about the propaganda , yet the turkish state under erdogan has its own propaganda about the kurds that is often completely unfair if not malicious , petty , and ultranationalist . 
  canadian national who was originally from greece , and with an obvious greek surname ( hence ethnically greek too ) . 
  face it : hawaiian pizza is the frankenstein love-child of greece and canada . 
  and yet , when i lived in the uk many of my friends there just assumed it was an american invention ( and most of them were curiously eager to share their distaste for it ) . 
  i like the kurds , more so than your average turk ( especially for their leading contributions in the fight against isis ) , but this is despicable and should be universally denounced by anyone who is decent and civilized . 
  my sympathies to the victims and families of this tragedy here . 
  it 's surreal and almost absurdly picturesque ; like something out of a disney cartoon depicting italy . 
  that said , i have to go to liguria , genoa specifically , which unfortunately i did not have time for in my trip to italy three years ago . 
  it 's almost as if gwar were running for office . 
  dude , just go to icefilms.info , which is technically not a pirate site , yet its free streaming ( and downloading ) service achieves more or less the same thing . 
  i watched an entire season of * black sails * by using their site . 
  they even have episodes of the * eric andre show * . 
  honestly , that has to be one of the most breathtaking views of the mediterranean , accompanied of course by a fine piece of roman art from the principate era . 
  perfect . 
  i would n't go as far as to say he was the greatest man who ever lived , and was certainly not rome 's most brilliant commander ( that was arguably scipio africanus or even flavius aetius ) . 
  however , augustus was arguably the most clever politician . 
  i 'd argue he was far more clever than his ( maternal great-uncle and ) adoptive father gaius julius caesar , considering how caesar was too naked about his ambitions to seize the powers of state . 
  augustus was far more subtle , patient , and knew how to balance and weigh threats better than caesar . 
  that does n't make him `` the greatest man who ever lived '' , but he 's certainly up there as rome 's first emperor . 
  barcelona is an old city . 
  i 'm sure some of the non-geometric/non-sensible-looking street grids followed the natural growth of the city and its original streets . 
  i guess i 'll offer my condolences too , for the victims of this terrorist attack , since i know president trump wo n't , considering how he now views iran as being part of bush 's axis of evil . 
  a quote from the movie * super troopers * is appropriate here : ** [ `` i am all that is man .
