  of course that 's what he meant . 
  that better be what he meant . 
  otherwise he would be a capitalist roader worthy of correctional hard labor in order to become reeducated about the republic and its great brother , the glorious union . 
  seriously , though , she can handcuff me and do whatever she wants after that . 
  putin is truly the napoleonic wunderkind that the world has bee missing and needed all this time . 
  glory to rossiya and the new motherland , stretching from the atlantic shores of lisbon , portugal to the isle of sakhalin in the north pacific . 
  she can prosecute me anytime , anywhere , preferably in a bedroom rather than a courthouse . 
  da , tovarish , maladetz !, 
  retaining the true spirit of beethoven 's original there ... 
  lol . 
  pm tsipras does n't strike me as the type to be drawing buddhist religious symbols , or aryan neo-nazi ones for that matter . 
  adblock plus is awesome . 
  i love it , really . 
  i can get so much done in such a short amount of time now , leaving me extra time to watch the kids . 
  it 's a fun and wonderful way to search the web . 
  you should try it today !, 
  [ \\ ^ \\* paid actor * ... this message is brought to you by adblock plus \u2122 . ], 
  son , they are disappoint . 
  i disagree !, 
  actually , xi jinping is not a ceremonial puppet at all . 
  he is the * de jure * head of state , like hu jintao before him . 
  you 're correct that the office of the presidency is largely ceremonial . 
  however , the current president xi jinping is also the general secretary of the communist party of china , who is always considered the paramount leader of the prc . 
  the same was true for his predecessor hu jintao . 
  they did away with the whole emperor thing in 1912 . 
  although they did n't influence the romans as much as the greeks or even the etruscans , i 'd say we know a great deal about the phoenicians/carthaginians and they left at least the third greatest cultural and technological impact on roman civilization . 
  or perhaps they are tied with the celtic peoples in that regard . 
  in either case this is really exciting , because so little is known about their actual religious beliefs aside from some evidence and conjecture about how it influenced the roman pantheon . 
  we 're also going to build on our existing database of etruscan words , which are very limited due to the surviving pieces of evidence ( although we do have a system of grammar in place , as the article mentions ) . 
  and there it is . 
  not enough lebensraum . 
  needs more lebensraum !, 
  you know , in a non-aryan way , seeing how this is before wwi , not even wwii . 
  excellent rundown . 
  thanks for the explanation and your interpretation . 
  i was just hinting at a stupid joke about him being half black . 
  lol . 
  is that the general feeling in serbia ? 
  well , if you did , it would lend it more credence , seeing how you have a phd in basket weaving . 
  ( ... or is that basket waving ? ), 
  it 's probably for the best that he 's this absent-minded and clumsy about it . 
  otherwise , would you prefer him to be sneaky and try to have his will carried out under the radar at all times ? 
  he 'd probably be way more effective that way , instead of doing everything so overtly and brazenly . 
  lol . 
  there goes erdogan again thinking that his jurisdiction extends beyond the borders of turkey . 
  poor little dictator !, 
  someone put a bib on him , sit him in a high chair , and spoon feed this little baby bitch some gerber 's so he 'll shut the fuck up . 
  lol . 
  in that case , retake constantinople !, 
  i think their weekly edition released the very week after the massacre in jan 2015 says it all about their attitude of not giving a fuck what others think , including the people trying to silence them with death . 
  i feel as though there is a double entendre hidden in here somewhere , considering how it is the musician/rapper stromae we are talking about . 
  are you suggesting that trump will try to oust turkey from nato ??? 
  on what grounds and with what reasoning ? 
  turkey would have to do something pretty goddamn foolish for that to happen , like shooting down a greek fighter pilot at the very , very least . 
  well , that 's reassuring . 
  i hope that trend continues . 
  just you wait until it 's 15-20 % . 
  then the real fun begins . 
  because they 're so much closer to the alps !, 
  elevation from sea level is so much higher there . 
  :d i 'll just see myself out now . 
  civil liberties need not be sacrificed on the altar of surveillance , for a sense of security . 
  this is just a bunch of authoritarian nonsense . 
  i 'd expect this sort of statement from someone working for the cia , but even he has to admit how utterly orwellian it sounds . 
  that 's basically a litmus test for joining the cia . 
  precisely . 
  there is a hidden authoritarian agenda here . 
  i would n't expect anything less from a cia spook , though . 
  of course someone like that is going to have a boner about increased surveillance on the general population . 
  do n't worry , you wo n't see any razor-toothed , horn-headed alien creatures clutching to the wing of your plane in the dead of night , through your tiny window , staring back at you with sharp yellow cat-like eyes as you scream and alert the flight attendant , only to look back at the wing and find that there 's nothing there . 
  safe travels !, 
  it 's akin to many other rites of passage in marriage , really . 
  thanks for catching that . 
  my damn browser took forever to submit the reply , so i did n't know if i was submitting it at all or twice in a row . 
  oops !, 
  you spotted the typo . 
  * deus vult * , of course . 
  seriously , though , if you 're going to start a new energy company , i 've given you the name . 
  i wo n't even ask for proceeds on the copyright . 
  i ca n't see how on earth that would be possible . 
  this sounds great !, 
  you guys got an app for my iphone too ? 
  you know , since i 'll be using it too coordinate things here on earth in preparation for my journey to paradise . 
  almost did n't catch that middle part . 
  i would imagine that it 's pretty well protected from air raids , with lush carpeting , drapery , and gilded interior decorating befitting a trump . 
  to be honest , you 're more likely to get hit by lightning and eaten by a shark than die from a terrorist attack in either europe or the united states . 
  isis are murderous savages , it is true , and every once in a while they score big , but they are largely impotent . 
  of course , eu authorities should be vigilant and quite frankly collaborate a whole lot more on intelligence sharing and gathering . 
  however , that does n't mean isis is going to be taking down nato countries anytime soon , with their non-existent air force . 
  this sounds like it would make a great meme . 
  american english speaker here . 
  i can confirm we call it easter too . 
  murica . 
   the short sms message written in french , which the guardian has seen , says : `` my brother , why not fight the westerners ? 
  make the right choice in your life . '' lol . 
  this sounds like a macabre advertisement for life insurance or something . 
  i never imagined that isis recruiters would start sounding like real estate agents or used car salesmen . 
  clearly he is the reincarnation of constantine xi palaeologus . 
  yep , seems like he does . 
  only problem is that turkey is a nato ally , so this would be ugly .
