  wine is a contested grey area that either italy or france could claim . 
  so you 're basically dirty harry . 
  but it remained as such , a war by proxy , not a real war declared between both nations ( even if it caused the temporary collapse in their relations , to say nothing of regime change in greece with the junta ) . 
  greece has n't officially been at war with turkey since 1922 , and there 's a reason for that . 
  some argue that nato has become a relic of the cold war , but honestly i think it continues its usefulness in terms of conflict resolution . 
  if greece and turkey were to ever get into a serious spat over cyprus ever again , we 'd see another war by proxy , not an open conflict . 
  this is a slightly silly argument considering how most eu countries are also members of the greater nato alliance . 
  also , is this an intellectual warning , in the same vein as `` learn history , or you 're doomed to repeat it '' ? 
  or is this more of a threat ? 
  kinda sounds like a threat without further context . 
  lol . 
   `` eurosceptics should visit war graves , because if they do n't get their shit together and bow their heads , i 'm going to declare war on some motherfuckers and shoot them so full of fucking lead their bloated corpses will be spewing bullets out of their mouths and anuses . 
  do n't fuck with the eu , son . 
  bitches get smacked and sent to the graveyard . '', 
  ^ jean-claude juncker , after knocking someone the fuck out with one punch and riding away with that dude 's hot ass girlfriend on a harley davidson motorcycle to ink some new tattoos on his amazing biceps . 
  lol . 
  are you telling me all of this shit is spontaneous ? 
  that 's beautiful . 
  reddit is a beautiful thing , sometimes . 
  did i miss something ? 
  what the fuck is up with all the naval articles on / r/europe lately ? 
  did i miss a naval battle somewhere ? 
  :d honestly , in addition to this , we 've got articles on russia , norway , hungary , portugal , etc. 
  what the fuck is going on ? 
  damn . 
  rip . 
  oops !, 
  i meant simply industrial . 
  in the long scheme of things , i consider the 19th century as recent times , certainly modern ( i.e. 
  post-industrial ) . 
  behead those who insult the president erdogan . 
  erdogan 's momma is so fat , she wakes up on both sides of the bed !, 
  oh snap son !, 
  waiting for my arrest now ... should happen any minute , i reckon . 
  it 's a modern phenomenon . 
  people in ancient and medieval times did n't even use punctuation at all . 
  just a long flowing stream of thought , broken up only by the lines on the page ( made of papyrus , parchment , vellum , or paper ) . 
  ... out of a cannon ... into the sun . 
  your use , of commas ; and punctuation in general ??!!, 
  ... confuses , me . 
  yep , us police forces ' conflict management is certainly not perfect . 
  british police are certainly far better trained and educated when it comes to resolving low-level conflict and domestic disputes . 
  they 're also not very likely to kill you , even when you physically assault them . 
  nevertheless , the eu needs to grow some balls and really start making arrests , to send a clear message that anarchy along the border will not be fucking tolerated , especially physical assaults on police officers . 
  that shit needs to be nipped in the bud pronto . 
  lol . 
  that was almost like watching a bunch of white people on a jungle safari tour in africa to see the natives in their natural habitat . 
  yeah , we 'll never surprass italy or france , though . 
  i 've been to both italy and france . 
  wine in these countries is the fucking beverage of the gods . 
  okay , that might work , along with dousing a spicy indian dish in honey , but there are bounds of reason , dude . 
  for instance : you would never smother caremel candies in ketchup . 
  lol . 
  there are simply things that do not go together . 
  pineapple on pizza is not among them , though . 
  well , sounds like eu countries have completely dysfunctional , broken legal and criminal justice systems , then . 
  why not fix those instead of resorting to vigilante justice and murdering anyone you come across who even looks remotely like an immigrant ? 
  police departments throughout the eu need to drop the whole politically correct patty-cakes nonsense and just start arresting these people when they are clearly committing crimes and violating the law . 
  these immigrants are acting out because they think your criminal justice systems are weak and police are passive compared to similar institutions in their home countries ( which are often incredibly brutal , commonly use capital punishment , and even use torture during interrogation ) . 
  europe needs to send a strong signal to these refugees looking for welfare handouts that they wo n't be living the sweet life in europe if they break the law . 
  instead they 'll sit for years in a prison , or be sent right back to their country of origin . 
  these people only respect strength . 
  you 're suggesting the most radical form ( i.e. 
  just murdering them ) . 
  a more logical approach would be to beef up existing institutions of law enforcement and criminal justice . 
  no , shooting them is not a solution , because without justifiable use of lethal force against a threat of violence , you ca n't just go around shooting people . 
  that 's called murder . 
  on the other hand , the police simply should not have been so passive here . 
  either macedonian authorities or greek authorities should have arrested this entire mob and brought them to justice . 
  we have video recorded evidence of them breaking the law . 
  when you break the law , you should be arrested , tried in court , and sentenced guilty or not guilty . 
  it 's really that simple . 
  many of them are seen acting as aggressive bystanders egging on those who were actual causing damage to the barrier . 
  all the ones seen doing the damage , however , and throwing rocks at police officers , should be hunted down and arrested ( and possibly deported ) . 
  it 's more a migration than an invasion , which implies they were organized into a proper military force that either represents a nation or at least a coherent , known terrorist organization . 
  they should at least all be arrested for willful destruction of public property , but they did much more than that . 
  they actively assaulted police officers , intending grave bodily harm ( i.e. 
  throwing rocks ) which is a serious crime . 
  that 's against the law , unless they pose an immediate and imminent threat to the life of the police officer or someone else . 
  arresting them for assaulting police officers with dangerous weapons , like rocks , for instance , is grounds for the police of fyrom ( as stipulated in the laws laid out by their ministry of internal affairs ) to use as much force as necessary to subue said person . 
  they should by all means have them arrested for formal court charges and sentencing . 
  the mighty apple is your god now , europe . 
  what about wine from napa valley , california ? 
  assaulting a police officer on duty is a serious crime . 
  all of them should be hunted down and put in jail . 
  the ones who threw large enough rocks should be brought up on charges of attempted murder of a police officer . 
  deportation or lengthy prison sentences at the least should suffice . 
  all of them should be in jail for assaulting police officers . 
  that is a very serious crime . 
  they showed way too much restraint , in my opinion , and so did greek authorities . 
  they should have hunted down and arrested as many people as possible here to be processed for deportation or lengthy prison sentences . 
  it is against the law to assault anyone , but it is especially bad if you assault a fucking police officer . 
  then your dumbass should face all sorts of legal troubles for a very , very long time . 
  throwing a rock directly at a police officer 's head could even be construed as attempted murder , so anyone caught doing that should be put behind bars for ten years at least ( i 'm lowballing that figure as an american trying to gauge different european standards of criminal justice ... where i come from , if you are proven to have attempted to murder a police officer , you 'll usually get 25 to life in prison ... sometimes you 'll get a bullet in the head from the guy 's fellow officers who would gladly fill out their paperwork designating that you were `` resisting arrest '' at the time ) . 
  do you hate pineapples by themselves ? 
  how about pizza by itself ? 
  what is it about the combination of two things that taste good so by themselves that you find so weird ? 
  it 's not insane like putting salted pork on ice cream ( lol ) . 
  if you already put exotic *** fruits *** like chili peppers and bell peppers on pizza , why not cut up bits of sweet tropical fruit like pineapple ? 
  to be honest , i 'm not sure why every single one of these people were n't arrested and thrown in jail for processing and deportation .
