  ** [ everyone needs allah in their life . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  no , we certainly do n't . 
  american society used to be rather patriarchal back in the day , but this is no longer the case . 
  however , i would n't argue that it is matriarchal , either . 
  it is rather neutral , in my opinion , and there is no longer one dominant sex over another in terms of decision-making both in and out of the household . 
  individual families also operate differently from others and the rules are no longer dictated by a larger culture . 
  there are exceptions to this rule , of course , especially when you enter rural america in the midwest . 
  i have to agree . 
  i was a us peace corps volunteer in kyrgyzstan for two years and lived with a russified kyrygz family ( to be honest , basically all kyrgyz people are russified ) , in addition to having a russian girlfriend and interacting with ethnic russian people there on a regular basis . 
  i can confirm that older women fucking ran things in and out of the house . 
  it does not surprise me in the slightest that kyrgyzstan has already had a female president , as well . 
  if there 's one people on earth who have succeeded in secularizing muslims , it 's got to be the ruskies . 
  lol . 
  it took me a second to get that . 
  nicely done . 
  i 'm a terrible person for loving this idea . 
  might as well arrest 90 % of germans if that be the case . 
  fair enough . 
  and good choice there . 
  it 's too late , no going back now !, 
  time to avenge those slain on the third of may , 1808 !, 
  / s honestly , though , this monkey business is all wildly entertaining for me . 
  not sure about anyone else . 
  for muh lebensraum !, 
  she was taken completely out of context , and was merely trying to argue he had the greatest moustache in all of history . 
  the witch hunt is unwarranted !, 
  :d seriously , though , there are some muslims ( i.e. 
  hamas ) who not only insidiously say the holocaust did not happen , but if it did , what they will do is much worse when they drive all the israelis into the mediterranean sea to destroy israel and claim ( or reclaim ) all its lands for the palestinians . 
  you guys ever had see 's candies ? 
   http://www.sees.com/ probably the best that the us has to offer , although i could be wrong . 
  enshallah , this is a win for all things halal . 
  and after lying around for a while , they started to smell really bad and change color . 
  the fact that he broke the law is a mere technicality and should be thrown out of court in consideration of the fact that he 's an obvious whistleblower against government predations violating civil liberties as guaranteed by the us constitution . 
  unfortunately , i think if he gets extradited back to the us , he will not receive a fair trial . 
  in the eyes of the government establishment , the greatest crime you can possibly commit is being disloyal and not playing ball with the powers that be . 
  it 's akin to the idea that cops view disrespecting them as the greatest crime you could possibly commit , since people have literally been killed because of that while being arrested for another issue ( in a justified , legitimate arrest or not ) . 
  obviously the us is n't the only country that does this , but it 's the most powerful country on earth , so its effects are much more consequential . 
  i find that your username is highly relevant to your suggestion here . 
  ah , yes . 
  the great cheese war . 
  lots of casualties in that one . 
  may the best wino win . 
  that 's because the incoming migrants do n't behave like most other migrants if they come from latin america , or east asia , or india . 
  even with the bad reputation that chinese migrants and tourists have for rude behavior , ones from the middle east carry with them a whole other set of emotional and political baggage , especially if they are sunni muslim versus shia muslims , or christians , or yazidi , or druze , or ahmaddiyah muslims , or even zoroastrians . 
  a lot of these people have been informed and molded since day one to hate and distrust the west and westerners in general , and to especially hate jews and israelis . 
  according to pew polling research , a lot of these people possess views that are considered socially backwards and outdated by the swedes and westerners in general , such as attitudes towards women 's liberation and women 's rights , and especially lgbt rights and freedoms now respected in the western world . 
  a lot of muslims hold the view that people should be killed for apostasy , for leaving the religion , as dictated by sharia . 
  you 're not going to find that sort of ideology or inherently violent threat made by a south korean tourist or a mixed-race immigrant from brazil . 
  this is about an intertwined culture and ideology that are not compatible with modern liberal democracies and western societies . 
  i was just being facetious and hinting ( for comedic effect ) that norway would glady invade and take over sweden in that case , making it norway 's newest colony ( and making it more like norway ) . 
  this , of course , would have to be pre-approved by the european union , although norway 's membership in nato would give it good license to do so . 
  :d seriously , though , i was just joking around . 
  sweden will be fine . 
  it is n't going to collapse any time soon . 
  not if norway has anything to say about it . 
  damn , that was quick . 
  that sounds like some people in lotr 's middle earth , to be honest . 
  that one 's got a nice ring to it . 
  next revelation : iceland actually does exist , but only in the neighboring solar system , dropping down to earth for a visit every now and then ( give or take tens of thousands of years here , tens of thousands of years there ) . 
  let 's hope so . 
  that guy was a non-stop roller coaster of awesome entertainment and verbal sparring matches with random constituents . 
  shame he died so young , though . 
  rip . 
  a lot has changed since then , politically speaking . 
  and in internet time , which is different from reality . 
  exactly . 
  hey guys , you know what they say about big footprints ... ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) does this rule also apply to americans living in the eu ? 
  why does everything have to be so complicated and convoluted ? 
  ... it has ? 
  is n't it ... international territory ? 
  lol . 
  they even have territory in antarctica . 
  i 'm well aware of it and i wholeheartedly agree with your assessment . 
  i suppose there 's an argument to be had that france threw its weight around , including the weight of its balls . 
  lol . 
  to be honest , korea and japan should be classified under the `` sphere of influence '' category , although qing-dynasty china was certainly and unquestionably in that camp by the mid 19th century . 
  sounds like the premise of a cheesy 80s movie , honestly . 
  i like the idea that france still has its tentacles spread across the sea . 
  that french guiana always catches me off guard !, 
  seriously , though , this is incredible to fathom . 
  every single country of africa and the americas . 
  only a handful of asian counties that were never colonized by europe or were only under their sphere of influence . 
  i like it when erdogan is sad . 
  let 's all hope he becomes sadder !, 
  flies , [ man time . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=old9udghdms ), 
  wow ... really ? 
  i did n't hear about that . 
  last i hear of her there were a bunch of japanese dudes making tribute drawings for her online . 
  have n't heard about her since . 
  cool !, 
  i 'll check it out . 
  you 're goddamn right about that . 
  `` unser liebe fraue '' is one of my favorites : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eiplbi2lm-o, 
  the cossack song is the best . 
  also , the loud , blaring climax of `` let 's go '' is amazing . 
  it 's a guilty pleasure of mine , as an american , to love these soviet-era folk songs . 
  it 's like the fucking power metal of folk music . 
  she 's pretty hardcore on the first date , is n't she ?
