  i think it 's fair to say much of continental europe has adopted napoleonic law , whereas anglophone countries ( incluing my own , the us ) base their laws on british common law . 
  excellent point . 
  there is no way this proposal would fly under international law if the imams in question did n't already have dual citizenship . 
  if i sound drunk to you , maybe that 's because you 're a humorless asshole . 
  i live in the uk , and it is 12 o'clock noon . 
  danish guy : learn to appreciate a matt stone/trey parker joke . 
  apparently none of you have ever seen the film * team america : world police * . 
  that 's a sad state of affairs if you do n't get this . 
  saudi arabia would throw a fit if david cameron started praising assad 's recent victory , no doubt , even if it was a crushing defeat for isis . 
  that 's a nice gesture , although unfortunately the original temple of bel can never be restored . 
  i think there are enough original chunks and pieces of the arch of triumph lying around to perhaps rebuild it . 
  however , rebuilding the temple of bel would have to use entirely new materials and it would end up being a total recreation , not a restoration . 
  nothing wrong with good ole american folk music like bluegrass of course , or music like jazz for that matter , but you 're right . 
  they certainly are not metal !, 
  awesome . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  ] ( http://cf.restaurantimages.menuism.com/a-ex7gs2ur35gaeje7bpjy-linguine-alla-pescatore-dino-640x480.jpg ) **, 
  par208 , if irony were made out of strawberries , we 'd be drinking a whole lot of smoothies right now . 
  greece is more metal than the usa ? 
  damn . 
  herostratus , the arsonist of the temple of artemis at ephesus in the 4th century bc , comes to mind . 
  it would be best if this jackass was stricken from the record and forgotten too . 
  this is not sustainable , not in the long run . 
  not unless you 're prepared to match the number of trees taken down with new ones planted . 
  it 's perhaps an even more dire situation in latin america with the logging of the world 's greatest rainforests . 
  we need oxygen to live and , aside from algae , trees around the globe are the major intakers of carbon dioxide and major producers of oxygen . 
  no , not really . 
  the `` old europe '' civilization had collapsed about 500 years before this battle took place . 
  `` old europe '' existed even before the establishment of the mycenaean civilization of greece ( c. 1600 bc ) . 
  in addition to this , poland along with the republic of ireland are among the handful of countries in the eu that forbid abortion as well . 
  even us law and us supreme court precedence allow for abortion ( although some right-wing states are trying to limit the amount of overall abortion clinics available in their particular states ) . 
  this clearly has everything to do with the catholic fundamentalism of the poles . 
  to be honest , i 'll never understand why us catholics are so obsessed with abortion ( i say that loosely as a more `` cultural '' lapsed catholic ) . 
  to be very clear , abortion is hardly mentioned in the bible , and only in one particular instance in the old testament . 
  funny enough ( hope you 're sitting down for this one , fundamentalists ) , the bible actually encourages abortion if it is found out that your wife has been cheating on you with another man . 
  it explains that it 's better to just get rid of that fetus , because it will grow up to be a son you did not harbor , making you a cuckhold ( which is deemed unacceptable ) . 
  the bible also clearly says that life begins when you start breathing , which would basically cancel out any argument for a fetus being a person until it at least forms functioning lungs ( which is several months into a woman 's pregnancy ) . 
  cool , thanks for sharing !, 
  although they did so with a little help from minoan , phoenician , and egyptian influence , i just want to thank the greeks for inventing western civilization and express my gratitude for them civilizing the romans before they in turn civilized the gauls and most of western europe after that . 
  what would we have done without you greece ? 
  so three cheers to you . 
  enjoy your moussaka or whatever the hell it is you like to eat on your independence day . 
  the answer is russia and iran . 
  that 's what all of this is about . 
  power plays by bigger players backing one side in the syrian war or another , with no one backing isis of course ( since they are the rabid wild card in the bunch ) . 
  it 's a lover 's quarrel . 
   it 's also a great way to make sure your fighter pilots are well trained and prepared for the real thing . 
  you know ... when the ruskies come a knocking . 
  i could be wrong , but i do n't think the british authorities of all people are going to be making the same mistake . 
  close up shop , everyone . 
  this is the best response that this thread is going to yield . 
  lol . 
  nicely done . 
  just make sure to wave and say hi to your greek friends from across the aegean sea . 
  or , you know , get into another simulated dogfight with one of their fighter pilots . 
  either or . 
  lol . 
  clearly the cities of istanbul and ankara together only have about 10,000 people max . 
  i mean , come on , that 's just common sense . 
  * derp da deep da dittly derp * . 
  and on and on it goes . 
  this is depressing . 
  the goddamned syrian civil war has bred so many problems for the entire globe . 
  it has heightened the already tense relationship between the turks and kurds . 
  it has funneled hundreds of thousands of war refugees into europe . 
  it has also allowed isis agents to infiltrate europe and recruit locally . 
  it 's in the same vein that you ca n't get new york style pizzas anywhere else but new york city . 
  to be fair , the article did say she was wearing a hijab . 
  lol . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're trying to say she 's medieval or middle-aged . 
  because they are always at war , and they are always following jihad . 
  yeah , not sure why that guy thinks the uk is a land devoid of bagels . 
  lol . 
  they never miss a beat when it comes to being partisan assholes . 
  how retarded is that . 
  that george carlin quote about flags and false patriotism comes to mind : `` i 'll leave symbols to the symbol minded . '', 
  not a good idea . 
  til that ancient pagans loved them some bdsm kinky fun . 
  actually , i pretty much gathered that by seeing the `` flogging '' scenes in ancient roman murals showing risque things done with prostitutes . 
  *** kamikaze , incoming !!!!, 
  this is what this guy wrote in the last entry of his diary , covered in glitter , unicorn sketches , and nsync stickers , expressing his desire for abu bakr al-baghdadi to justice acknowledge him for once and look his way , to fill his heart with warmth and acceptance . 
  and jihad . 
  that too . 
   purim , the most raucous and joyful jewish holiday , begins wednesday at sundown . 
  but this year , there will be no merriment in brussels . 
  with the holiday falling the day after terrorist attacks that killed at least 31 people and injured 270 more in the capital city , the jewish congregations in brussels decided that celebrating purim would not be appropriate -- or safe . 
  islamist terrorists ruin all the fun , as usual . 
  this is what terrorism does : it makes people ( especially communities more prone or paranoid about violence ) afraid to walk out of their fucking doors in the middle of the day . 
  sad . 
  i like threads like this one . 
  more of this , please . 
  pillaging and pirate raids are n't exactly the same thing as modern-day terrorist attacks , otherwise we 'd call christian pirates of the medieval mediterranean as `` crusaders '' , which would be ridiculous . 
  pirate raids were about stealing money and selling captured slaves . 
  jihad in medieval islam involved proper armies funded and directed by the state or reigning sultan/caliph . 
  for instance , the timurid ruler timur the lame considered his conquests as fulfilling a holy oath to defend and spread islam ( i.e. 
  this is not the equivalent of present-day al-qaeda , comprised entirely of guerrilla forces fighting an insurgency and terrorist cells living in the west or islamic countries relying on total secrecy and stealth . 
  the latter are more akin to the hashashin . 
  let 's be real here . 
  islamic terrorism did not exist until the 20th century and for that matter the concept of terrorism itself did n't until the late 18th century with revolutionary france . 
  the anarchist movement of the 19th century adopted terrorist tactics and were responsible for bombings and shocking assassinations of politicians throughout the west , from russia to the united states .
