  do n't go all fourth crusade on them again . 
  case in point : the great wall of china , both the ancient qin-han version and the later ming dynasty recreation , were built using conscripted labor and penal labor . 
  good point . 
  i still have trouble wrapping my head around the fact that spain was n't a democracy until the 1970s and retained a wwii era dictator instead . 
  same with portugal . 
  although a democratic and constitutional monarchy was established in spain in 1812 , of course . 
  one should never fail in their roman duties . 
  make no mistake , monumental depictions of christ are used in dick-measuring contests between nations . 
  lol . 
  `` this one 's for 1968 . '', 
  communist muslims ... sounds like a villainous group in an 80s action movie . 
  good point . 
  the main central dome has been the same since the year 562 ad . 
  only smaller parts of the basilica were damaged in earthquakes since , like the collapse of a half dome after an earthquake in the year 869 ad . 
  that was perhaps the most serious damage in between the 6th century to the present day , and even then it did n't threaten the structural integrity of the rest of the basilica . 
  that 's only partially correct . 
  not all of it collapsed , only parts of it , and `` reconstruction '' was rather limited . 
  there have been many restorations , however . 
  that 's not the same thing . 
  it 's still basically the same structure it was more than a thousand years ago , if not for the islamic minarets . 
  to summarize what happened , the main dome has been the same since it was reconstructed in 558-562 ad , following an earthquake . 
  other fires and earthquakes over the centuries damaged some of the minor domes and half-domes . 
  that hardly warrants the misleading statement that the whole thing collapsed and was constructed . 
  zeus !, 
  you burned down the reichstag building !, 
  what are you doing ? 
  not even the allies in wwii did that ( although we damaged it a bit ) . 
  all this for a little debt ? 
  geez . 
  you 're drunk , zeus . 
  back to mount olympus . 
  death is but a door !, 
  time is but a window !, 
  yeah , but kosovo did n't have independence until 2014 . 
  the `` republic of macedonia '' has been a country for decades now . 
  they should have claimed it first !, 
  lol . 
  so , as a * macedonian * and a greek citizen of greek macedonia , what do you suggest calling the current rival `` republic of macedonia '' , then ? 
  the republic of paeonia ? 
  the republic of dardania ? 
  i 'm actually surprised they did n't opt to choose these historical names for their country . 
  having a hostile attitude is never a good thing , although this is usually tempered by the reality that greece is a member of nato and the eu , while fyrom is a member of neither ( albeit a candidate for both ) . 
  obviously we are n't expecting fyrom troops to be streaming across the border with greece any day now . 
  it still does n't change the fact that a leading political party in that country is willing to ruin the reputation of the country with its neighbors and grandstand for some cheap votes . 
  it does n't help that the education system in that country is also complicit in promoting this stuff . 
  that 's a funny claim considering this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_macedonia ... and the platform of one of macedonia 's leading political parties . 
  you 're gon na love that game * red dead revolver * . 
  i guarantee it . 
  it 's time to make kazakhstan great again by adopting ** [ the old turkic alphabet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_turkic_alphabet ) ** , you know , the one with all the runes ( i.e. 
  it 's time for the g\u00f6kt\u00fcrks to rise up and reclaim what was theirs long ago !, 
  and both fight wars and then ally with china via marriage alliances like in the time of the tang dynasty . 
  kazakhstan is literally adolf hitler . 
  literally . 
  this is the banter i was looking for . 
  was it worth it ? 
  absolutely . 
  just like how it was totally worth it to sack constantinople in 1204 so that venice could have those neat bronze * quadriga * horse statues in saint mark 's square . 
  :d or for our italian friends here at reddit : the * cavalli di san marco * . 
  it was a disastrous battle , but then again so was the battle of cannae against hannibal and the battle of arausio against the cimbri and teutones . 
  in each instance the romans quickly recuperated , given their enormous pool of allied auxiliary troops and native latin levies at their disposal . 
  for that matter the romans led by germanicus defeated the germanic forces of arminius several years later at the battle of the weser river in 16 ad . 
  arminius was then assassinated by rival germanic warlords . 
  the roman world went into decline during the crisis of the third century , but it recovered its strength during the leaderships of aurelian , probus , diocletian , constantine , and valentinian i. 
  it really only went into decline again after honorius became the western roman emperor . 
  it was this aloof fool who angered the visigothic tribesmen nominally in his service and allowed the city of rome itself to be sacked by them in 410 ad . 
   does n't change the fact that teutoburg ended roman expansion into germanic areas . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  arminius led the germanic revolt in 9 ad , yet the roman general germanicus , adopted son of tiberius , defeated the forces of arminius at the battle of the weser river in 16 ad . 
  the romans then secured the whole of the rhineland to the west of that river . 
  they continued populating the area and built the first cities there , which have become medieval and modern koln ( cologne ) , mainz , and trier . 
  mind you , they did n't bother to expand into northern or eastern germany , but southern and western germany were solidly roman for centuries . 
  they also had belgium and much of the netherlands . 
  roma victrix !!!!!, 
  augustus definitely transformed that city , although during the late roman republic the building projects were already becoming very impressive , such as the now destroyed theatre of pompey where julius caesar was assassinated . 
  it 's a white russian , meaning it 's a tasty country that gets you inebriated . 
   boadicea has returned to gib sovereignty . 
  i felt sick saying that * gib clay * , britannia clay , to be precise . 
  we 're talking about the roman world under trajan in 117 ad , not the modern world in 2017 . 
  when it came to the large empires of the day `` wealthier '' is a somewhat relative term , since you could find examples of extreme poverty and fabulous wealth in the roman empire , the parthian empire of persia , the kushan empire of south asia , and the han empire of east asia ( more than just china since it also included northern vietnam , northern korea , and parts of mongolia ) . 
  yeah , but you can thank mussolini 's invasion of greece ** [ for this cool sounding sabaton song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtax3fl-uzo ) ** . 
  lol . 
  there was n't much need for greek powers to force koine greek on the citizens and subjects of the hellenistic world after alexander , considering how it was such an overwhelmingly important language for communication , trade , diplomacy , and moving up the social ladder . 
  however , you 're slightly wrong about rome ( although you probably have a point about the later arab islamic caliphates and sultanates ) . 
  the romans did n't force the general populace to speak latin either . 
  yet they had the same rules as the hellenistic powers of alexander 's empire and for that matter the macedonians , attalids , ptolemies , and seleucids after him : the roman army had to speak and understand latin , while the hellenistic armies spoke koine greek !, 
  the army of philip ii and alexander the great could have very well spoken the ancient macedonian dialect of greek , but they chose the more universally-known attic greek instead as the official language of the macedonian military . 
  attic greek eventually morphed into koine greek and was the preferred language of the military for the hellenistic-period states . 
  for that matter there were many non-latin peoples in the roman army throughout the ages , such as the etruscans , sabellians and samnites , transalpine celts , the veneti , ligurians , illyrians , greeks of magna graecia , germanic peoples , persian-speaking easterners , etc. 
  when these various allied or subject peoples joined the roman military as auxiliaries they inevitably learned latin , because that was the language of military command . 
  well , you should take into account the `` butterfly effect '' on the changing course of history should a greek power supplant that of rome in the west . 
  all sorts of funky stuff could happen . 
  who 's to say the germanic peoples like the cherusci , suebi , or marcomanni would rise to prominence at all or that the celtic peoples throughout continental europe would become so diminished ? 
  that 's a pretty radical change from today , where native celtic speakers in continental europe are clustered mostly around the brittany region in northwestern france . 
  i 've often fantasized about a hellenistic greek power conquering the ancient mediterranean world instead of rome , so that the greek alphabet would be the dominant western writing script instead of the latin one ( which would probably go extinct without political relevance ) . 
  then again , that would mean the romance languages of europe would n't exist , and instead you 'd have different greek dialects evolving throughout europe , north africa , and west asia , even funky hybrids of celtic and germanic languages with greek . 
  you know , kind of like how english is a west germanic language infused with norman french ( hence a latin base for much of the vocabulary ) . 
  correct . 
  the romance languages such as catalan evolved over the ages , of course , but even by shakespeare 's time the 14th-century middle english poems of chaucer were somewhat unintelligible to early modern english speakers , thanks in part to the great vowel shift . 
  unlike english ( but not so much the other germanic languages ) , modern romance languages tend not to be so radically different from their medieval predecessors and counterparts . 
  we should consider , however , that some extinct romance languages like anglo-norman french are difficult for anyone to understand now , even for frenchmen who speak standard french and the * langues d'o\u00efl * .
