  i love how your danish flag just says `` pastry '' when i move my mouse cursor over it . 
  i wish that i could upvote this twice , to represent both world wars . 
  i think okiedokie321 has a point about 2008 being a cutoff year , seeing how that 's when the russo-georgian war occurred ( in the month of august ) . 
  however , i do n't think that damaged relations as badly as when russia started intervening in ukraine following euromaidan . 
  i think that 's what really ticked off the rest of the world , aside from apathetic nations like china who do n't care about getting embroiled in russia 's business far to the west . 
  actually , relations were okay up until 2014 , when the crimea crisis began . 
  after that the sanctions started rolling in . 
  russia had been attempting to improve its image , too , with the sochi winter olympics earlier that year . 
  the latter was n't helping too much , though , since it only served to demonstrate how corrupt the russian kleptocracy was in grafting every large piece of funding that sifted through its hands . 
  this is what i imagine goes on in scandinavia every single day . 
  for some inexplicable reason ( wink , wink ) , there 's nothing like the presence of russia to bring other nations together . 
  to be fair , the ottoman turks were using it as a munitions storehouse and ammo depot filled to the brim with gunpowder . 
  so yeah , one stray cannonball from a venetian ship did a lot more damage than it should have , had the place not been the early modern equivalent of a fireworks factory . 
  [ cool guys do n't look at explosions . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqz5dbs5zmo ), 
   boom !, 
  good god !, 
  you almost gave me a heart attack . 
  do n't scare me like that , op . 
  for a moment i thought something horrible had happened . 
  there 's that , and the shared western culture , i suppose . 
  also trade , lots of commercial trade . 
  awesome !, 
  thanks for sharing . 
  i had no idea this even existed . 
  it feels weird coming to this subreddit now , with the uk being outcasts and outsiders . 
  from your american brothers : welcome to the party ? 
  i feel bad for the uk , because this wild ride is going to continue so long as leadership is so lacking in the wake of this unprecedented referendum . 
  they have n't officially left the eu yet , though . 
   of course , nato still stands tall , so you at least have that , uk . 
  otherwise , what other supranational glue binds the uk to mainland europe ? 
  great pictures , but do n't you ever scare me like that again , op . 
  for a second it looked like a nuclear bomb was going off with a mushroom cloud explosion in that first picture . 
  i was about to convene the nato war council and everything until i took a closer look at that picture and realized that a bear probably is n't capable of growing to the same height as a mushroom cloud . 
  lol . 
  also unlikely that a bear would be wearing an lgbt flag . 
  not a half bad idea . 
  it would not only help greece 's flagging economy , but it would also put an end to a huge amount of horrific corruption in places like brazil and qatar . 
  perfect parallel then . 
  nigel farage is basically like a barking dog chasing cars . 
  he did n't know what to do when he finally caught one !, 
  bold leadership that we can trust !, 
  who the hell needs house of cards when you 've got the current uk parliamentary government turning their entire country into a shitshow ? 
  it would be much better entertainment if it did n't cost the world a whopping $ 3 trillion ( the amount lost in the global stock market after the brexit announcement ) . 
  horrific and despicable . 
  my sympathies to the turks and the families of those who were lost or injured . 
  [ for the highlands !!!!, 
  ] ( http://imagesmtv-a.akamaihd.net/uri/mgid:file:http:shared:mtv.com/news/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/throwsword-1432314331.gif ) lol . 
  you 're excused already just for saying `` bugger about . '', 
  lol . 
  that tickles my american senses every time . 
  there were a small list of reasons why many people in the uk ( but mostly in england and wales , not so much scotland and to a lesser extent northern ireland ) did n't want to remain in the eu . 
  they were fearful of the growing , overarching power of the bureaucratic machinery in brussels . 
  however , that fear is largely unfounded since the uk would have continued acting as a countermeasure to the formation of a real european federation ( with the uk out , that idea might actually come to fruition now ) . 
  having gradually lost its empire , i 'm sure many brits saw the eu as an attempt by another empire to swallow them whole and deny them their sovereignty . 
  of course , the other driving force was immigration , particularly the subject of economic migrants finding jobs in the uk . 
  the british working class despises that idea . 
  even more than that ( polish people are one thing ) , they despise the idea of these people being muslims !, 
  the syrian refugee crisis was the tipping point , especially since isis has been using it as a spearhead to launch terrorist attacks in europe . 
  ironically , the threat of isis was surely on some of the voter 's minds when they cast this decision , not realizing that immigration from middle eastern countries and south asian countries into the uk will continue regardless of the free movement of people in the eu . 
  they would be laughing harder if their investments in the global stock market were n't hammered into the dirt for a day . 
  some people lost a lot of money . 
  this was felt well beyond britain . 
  ** [ keep china british !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8inc0_5g0g ) **, 
  yeah , that was the dumbest part . 
  of course , since the uk will no longer be part of the eu , they could just stay in the uk and technically that would mean leaving the eu !, 
  so problem solved . 
  lol . 
  this is not an argument or a rebuttal . 
  do you have something worthwhile to say ? 
  the ongoing tub of lard gag was gold . 
  cool !, 
  thanks for sharing . 
  i 'm not british , so i did n't even know this show existed ( no surprise , i do n't watch uk tv shows , let alone ones from the early 90s ) . 
  i admire your honesty . 
  half-truth here . 
  are scots not average citizens ? 
  they voted overwhelmingly to remain . 
  even though the majority of england voted to leave , manchester and london voted to remain , as part of 13 million englishmen and women who did . 
  48 % of the uk electorate is somehow not as average as the 52 % who voted leave ? 
  of course corporations hated brexit . 
  it lost them a lot of money in stocks but have you forgetten that average people also invest in the stock market !!?? 
  seriously , a lot of average people just got hit hard , financially speaking , across the world , especially in the uk . 
  i 'm an american liberal , a democrat ( nominally ) , but i do not stand with obama on this particular issue . 
  sometimes liberals are n't always right ; sometimes they too can be bought off by corporate interests and overlords . 
  the ttip could possibly subvert safety standards for critical things like the quality of foodstuffs and other products . 
  it could also have harmful effects on the environment , much like the tpp negotiated for the us and various pacific nations . 
  for the average european , this is perhaps the one and only good thing to come out of brexit . 
  unless of course you 're french and you can count two good things : france 's new prestige and status within the eu !, 
  very good news for italy . 
  i ca n't believe this guy has been on the run for literally 20 years . 
  fine by me if it means giving ruthless , unaccountable multinational corporations the middle finger when they try to destroy the safety regulations of countries around the globe so they can make a marginal increase in revenues . 
  global corporations love the ttip deal . 
  average citizens should be wary of its consequences . 
  thank you very much for sharing !, 
  i 'm tired of reading about brexit , even if this is a tragic news story . 
  m. . . m. . . murica ? 
  [ scratches head at all this foreign speak , which is of the devil . ], 
  i was waiting for that russian reversal .
