  stopping altogether does n't make any sense , although certain european partners might be much more cautious about what they share and when they share it . 
  especially if trump treats intelligence as mere bragging rights behind closed doors with his russian chums . 
  before moving on to koln , germany , i visited brasov as a teenager years ago and saw legitimate street gypsies playing `` master of puppets '' by metallica on their stringed instruments ( not guitars , not sure what to call them ) . 
  i was genuinely impressed . 
  lol . 
  i also distinctly remember being pleasantly surprised at how quaint and traditional vast swaths of the city looked , with cobble-stone streets and well preserved medieval buildings such as the black church ( even some roman wall ruins ) . 
  yet you also had a modern business quarter and shopping districts there , with colorfully painted houses , public plazas with fountains , etc. 
  it was nicer than what i expected from a former warsaw pact country that only recently saw the lifting of the iron curtain ( i visited in the year 2000 , so roughly a decade after that ) . 
  there most certainly was ... iirc tsarnaev 's face was plastered all over the front of * vanity * magazine or something , became a small teen heart throb on facebook for a fleeting moment . 
  it 's a really odd phenomenon . 
  estonia !, 
  coming again to save the mother fucking day , yeah . 
  criminals , your day is through , because now you have to answer to , estonia !, 
  the final solution to journalism . 
  i 'm kind of stunned that you and several others did n't catch the obvious sarcasm of my post . 
  it 's poe 's law in action . 
  i mean , did you miss the part where i mentioned the uk ? 
  kind of a dead giveaway . 
  i could see albania joining , if not montenegro , bosnia and herzegovina . 
  i 've always wondered if norway would ever join the eu , though . 
  they 're already a member of nato . 
  you can forget about switzerland , of course . 
  they 're cheese-making , gun-toting german/french/italian cowboys and rogues the lot of them . 
  which would make them a great 51st state of the united states of murica . 
  :d or the 52nd state , right after puerto rico . 
  hell , at that rate , might as well make england & wales the 53rd state . 
   scotland and northern ireland would rejoin the eu , though , naturally . 
  well , they were enemies from time to time as evidenced by the various ottoman-venetian wars , including the disastrous loss of crete to the ottomans . 
  yet venice also fought other european powers , christian ones , and yet they were n't mortal enemies at all times . 
  you 're right , there were long stretches of peaceful relations and open trade , but this was punctuated by conflict and territorial struggle , as was the norm in the early modern period or any period before it . 
  no problem . 
  the romans did most of the `` squashing '' when it came to occupying formerly free and independent celtic territories . 
  however , sometimes this was done peacefully through annexation and alliance-building ; it was n't always due to war , although that was usually the case . 
  the germanic peoples did play their part in conquering and assimilating the celts , though , going back at least to the cimbrian war when the cimbri and teutones conquered and swallowed the celtic scordisci and boii peoples before threatening the taurisci , roman allies , along the danube in noricum ( austria/slovenia ) . 
  several decades later ariovistus of the suebi invaded gaul to aid the arveni against the aedui , but his army was pushed back across the rhine by julius caesar 's forces in 58 bc , at the battle of vosges . 
  if you find yourself alone , looking at maps of antiquity with blinds blocking the sun from your face , do not be troubled . 
  for you are in reddit , and you 're already dead !, 
  brothers , what we do in life ... echoes in sub-reddits . 
  it should n't surprise you at all , considering how celts inhabited not just the british isles , ireland , and france , but also iberia ( i.e. 
  spain and portugal ) , germany , switzerland , northern italy , parts of the balkans , even the middle of anatolia ( i.e. 
  turkey , the galatians ) after the gallic invasion of greece in the 3rd century bc . 
  galatian celts were commonly used as mercenaries in ptolemaic egypt where some became prominent landholders and pensioners under their hellenistic kings/pharaohs . 
  the romans had to fight a series of wars with the celts of northern italy until finally subjugating them or forcing the rest into alliances around the time of the second punic war ( i.e. 
  end of the 3rd century bc ) , slowly assimilating them with latin colonization and turning them into romans . 
  yep , merged with the kingdom of naples . 
  they also controlled sicily , sardinia , and the balearic islands . 
  on another note , look at venice , still holding strong in the aegean sea against the ottomans !, 
  correct . 
  the renaissance straddles both the late medieval ( i.e. 
  15th century ) and early modern era ( i.e. 
  16th century ) . 
  i 'd call the 16th to the end of the 18th century as the age of sail in general , and in terms of artwork/architecture you can break it down into distinct periods like baroque . 
  in either case the early modern period ends in roughly 1800 with the advent of the industrial revolution and the modern age . 
  well , the thread title does announce that she was `` pegged '' one time . 
  lol . 
  perhaps she 'll return the favor and do the same to you . 
  contrary to the theories of the more cynical folks among us , there are still decent , warm , and gentle people in this world . 
  they 're just hard to spot at times and do n't have the proper public venue to show themselves . 
  i 'm glad someone took the time to make a little documentary about this fellow . 
  * yes , let the hate run through you !!!, 
  commodus : `` the eu mp who became chair of ukip . 
  the chairman who became the leader of ukip . 
  the leader who defied a european empire . 
  striking story !, 
  but now , the people want to know how the story ends . 
  only a famous death will do . 
  and what could be more glorious than to challenge donald tusk himself in the great arena ? '', 
   how come you have n't taken that down ? 
  * maximus stares out into the distance , sees wales still flying the eu flag . 
  * `` they say no . '', 
  three weeks from now , i will be harvesting my rice . 
  imagine where you will be , and it will be so . 
  hold the line !, 
  stay with me !, 
  if you find yourself alone , riding in the green fields with the sun on your face , do not be troubled . 
  for you are in the eu , and you 're probably retired !, 
  lol . 
  i 'm always pleasantly surprised to be contradicted . 
   what will happen if there is a new referendum about eu in 2019 and `` join '' will win ? 
  and again , i believe for `` join '' should vote at least 60 % of people . 
  actually , the important thing here is that all the members of the eu would have to accept britain 's inclusion . 
  you can probably bet that certain members like france would be wary of repeating the same mistake in having the uk back into the club after what happened in brexit . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , somebody , but i believe just one `` no '' vote would scuttle the whole hypothetical candidacy . 
  nato contributes to this , naturally , but not every eu member is a member of nato ( e.g. 
  sweden ) . 
  so yes , it 's an added layer of protection , security , and common defense . 
  it 's also obviously convenient for trade and travel . 
  it was a * zoolander * reference . 
  on my signal ... unleash hell . 
  this has been a long and hard election cycle , but now that the major thrust is over , france can breathe a sigh of relief and smoke a casual cigarette too . 
   i am suprised no one made a joke about it yet . 
  only reason i came to the comments section . 
  you 've done your due diligence , though . 
  the meme that was promised , spoken by ** [ the sightless one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enrico_dandolo ) ** . 
   hey , that 's constantinople !, 
  sounds like the title of a nationalistic greek game show . 
  with your host , ** [ nikolaos michaloliakos ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nikolaos_michaloliakos ) ** !!, 
   must go faster . 
  - jeff goldblum , * jurassic park * , incidentally a great tourist attraction that could help greece resolve its debt crisis, 
  settle down , venice .
