  the east ? 
  i never realized spain was the equivalent of the decadent orient to the portuguese . 
  :d i will grant you the superiority of bacalhau , though . 
  really ? 
  that 's the only spanish dish you know ? 
  just by eating at a * tapas * restaurant , i could probably list about ten , and i 'm an american ( which , last i checked , is much further away from spain than portugal ) . 
  that mongol invasion from the east is pretty jaw-dropping . 
  i bet every single one of those guys listens to amon amarth in their spare time . 
  sounds like someone needs more migrants in their country . 
  even that bumble-fuck crack-smoking mayor of toronto , rob ford , was smarter than this idiot . 
  lol . 
  i never thought to compare arab muslims to the aztecs . 
  for some reason i could n't help but read that article in the voice of douglas murray . 
  viva la revoluci\u00f3n , except for the catalan one , that 's a pipe dream revolution . 
  you 're completely deluded if you think those are comparable in any way , shape , or form to the role of nato since the end of wwii . 
  nato is the chief ( if not sole ) reason that there have n't been wars between the soviet union ( followed by the russian federation ) and official nato members in the past six decades . 
  it 's the reason there wo n't be any war between turkey and russia whenever the former shoots down the fighter jets of the latter along its border with syria . 
  it 's the reason russia would never attempt an invasion of poland again . 
  ever . 
  working in tandem with mad ( mutually assured destruction via nuclear war ) , it was the reason why the european continent has been so tranquil for the past several decades . 
  open warfare was a common affair in europe before then , with various states aligning themselves against the other alliance blocks . 
  that sort of thing is now a thing of the past . 
  the european union , although many like to poo-poo it for undermining sovereignty of individual members , is also responsible for uniting europe and keeping it from descending into chaos and division . 
  me tarzan , you object called jane . 
  me hit head with club and drag back to cave . 
  in other words , if you invite a highly disproportionate amount of these people who come from a culture that belongs in the stone age , then do n't be surprised by these results . 
  that 's doubly insulting . 
  who exactly takes these feminists seriously anymore ? 
  lol . 
  russian paradise . 
   `` these development plans will irreversibly destroy this crucial ecosystem , '' says albrecht . 
  in a letter sent to the macedonian president in october , jablonski called the plan to drain the marsh , and to replace nearby reed beds with imported sand to create mediterranean-style beaches , `` totally unacceptable '' . 
  that is so fucking retarded . 
  if you wanted to see a seaside beach , then book a vacation at a seaside resort . 
  whatever happened to just enjoying the natural beauty of a lake ? 
  what 's wrong with inland lakes ? 
  i love boating on lakes . 
  you do n't need to transform it either to make it look like venice beach , california , it is naturally beautiful . 
  god , my brain hurts !, 
  what the fuck is wrong with people !, 
  i 'm just a guy who likes natural scenic beauty ; i can only imagine how the biologists feel about this . 
  even if you were an idiot who believed straight men could n't possibly be raped ( because obviously every man has the strength to overpower the swing of a crowbar or speed of a bullet from a handgun by their assailant ) , how could you possibly think that gay men do n't rape each other on occasion ? 
  like , ever ? 
  have they never heard of , i do n't know , jeffrey dahmer ? 
  he 's a bit of an extreme example , but you do n't have to be a cannibal to be a gay rapist . 
  have third wave feminists gone so far off the rails that they are applying their hate to men who are n't even after them and traditionally have been their academic and political allies ? 
  for ants ? 
  [ it would have to be at least three times bigger than the proposal . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ffj8shrbk0 ), 
  thanks for sharing . 
  the double standard is real . 
  i think what naryshkin says is obnoxious and he 's obviously wrong about nato considering how it has prevented another world war from breaking out in the past six and a half decades . 
  he 's also conveniently leaving out the bit where soviet russia was responsible for letting the iron curtain fall over most of eastern europe and a good portion of central europe too . 
  obviously people like the poles do not share the same sentiment . 
  that being said , that 's a pretty hurtful thing to say nothing good has every come out of russia . 
  i 'm not just talking about vodka and matryoshka dolls either . 
  what about the first satellite sent into orbit and the first manned space flight in history ? 
  how about the discovery of the law of conservation of mass in physics in 1756 by the russian scientist mikhail lomonosov ? 
  i could go on , but i think you get my point . 
  it 's not wise to make absolute claims when they can be easily knocked down . 
  sincerely , an american, 
  canadians are renowned for their arrogance and intolerance . 
  or was it for their bacon and mounties ? 
  it 's either one of those , i ca n't remember . 
  really ? 
  you 've never had a glass of wine or champagne at a restaurant to go along with your meal ? 
  it 's probably a good thing you smoke the buddha instead of drinking ( which wrecks your liver ) , but it 's also obviously best to eat the pot with food instead of smoking it . 
  lol . 
  barring some shot glasses kept away in storage , i bet he 's going to use that mug to drink a good amount of vodka . 
  that 's a perfect explanation , although even within american families the traditions can differ . 
  in my family , for instance , my dad and mom each had a beer before or during dinner each day . 
  when we ate a fancier meal , they would have wine . 
  before i moved out of the house and reached drinking age , i would join them in having a drink too . 
  my dad was a bit different from my mom , though . 
  after dinner he 'd usually sneak off to the wet bar and have a couple shots of brandy , bourbon , or scotch . 
  lol . 
  da , this best formally clothes for all occasion . 
  so , basically they 're born as spetsnaz , fully trained when coming out of the womb ? 
  what 's he going to do ? 
  teach them how to shoot match heads off of matches ? 
  whatever your opinion of the israeli settlements , everyone should learn about this , along with the horrific knife attacks committed by palestinians in the here and now , 2015 , against average israelis just walking around minding their own business . 
  that is the definition of terrorism and hamas openly supports this vile and outrageous campaign to terrorize and viciously murder regular civilians of israel . 
  lol . 
  democracy is a threat to russia . 
  now that 's rich !, 
  it certainly is a threat to putin and his friendly little oligarchy of fellow kleptocrats . 
  i personally find it kind of intriguing , but that 's just my opinion . 
  prime minister matteo renzi seems like an okay guy from what i understand , but this is the same country that had silvio berlusconi for that same office , multiple times . 
  italians are a fairly conservative bunch still . 
  as for the germans , it 's hard to say they are `` conservative '' from my american viewpoint , considering the people who identify as conservatives in my country . 
  that sounds about right . 
  if this article were a nail , you 'd be the hammer . 
  maybe !, 
  with a time machine . 
  you certainly got something ... of what i have no idea . 
  [ how come every time us chinese put up hadrian 's wall stupid picts have to come and knock it down ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afnjbdt4t5g ), 
  they 're not really that `` fascinating '' when you consider that indo-european peoples like the saka , tocharians , yuezhi , and wusun continued inhabiting northwest china ( the tarim basin of xinjiang and hexi corridor of gansu ) for centuries and centuries after this , and long after their territories were absorbed and lost and absorbed and lost again by successive chinese regimes spanning form the han to tang dynasties , and then the mongol yuan and manchu qing dynasties ( yet by the qing period all of these indo-european peoples , except the caucasian tajiks of xinjiang , had been completely assimilated into the uyghur turkic population , which is fairly obvious given how many caucasian people and clearly mixed race people count themsleves as ethnic uyghurs ) . 
  very plausible idea , actually , yet the * book of later han * specifically says the ruler of daqin , not one of their subordinates . 
  it 's perhaps a garbled interpetation of the roman consulship .
