  rip . 
  journalists do not deserve to die . 
  i 'd also like to thank the guy in the comments section of the article for reminding me about michael hastings . 
  totally forgot about him and his suspicious death . 
  that 's a strange double definition and creates some confusion without context , does n't it ? 
  lol . 
  someone arriving late to a conversation might get the idea that you 're talking about playing with your food , or attempting to turn your food into a temporary musical instrument before it starts to rot . 
  this conflict was * for whom the bell tolls * , or so i 've heard . 
  time marches on !, 
  it 's the clandestine trifecta of nations that no one suspects , hence their unbridled power on a global scale , rivaling isis and spectre . 
  your greatest weapons are fear and surprise ... that and romanian tob\u0103 ( pigs stomach filled with liver ) , spanish seafood tapas with calamari , and indian lamb vindaloo . 
  literally everything about this is bad . 
  people have died . 
  erdogan has become far more powerful . 
  turkey 's democratic institutions will be weakened further . 
  secularism might take an enormous blow because of this . 
  relations with the us are being strained over the tension of the us air force base having its power cut . 
  nato has to deal with an increasingly megalomaniacal leader of turkey . 
  the fight against isis might become less coordinated now . 
   president ... snap ... sept. 11 [ triggered . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sub5wnsnbjs ) thanks a lot , croatia . 
  this would be helpful , but to be honest , in the age of the internet it 's virtually impossible to stop the flow of ideas , including very dangerous and evil ideas like wahhabism and hardcore salafi interpretations of islam that are peddled to muslims across the globe thanks largely to saudi funding . 
  given historical context , this gave me chills . 
  nice . 
  nothing of interest except for the chief political rival of the sitting president of turkey , who 's busy purging gulen 's secularist political movement as we speak . 
  i 'll weep and say daddy made a terrible mistake that the son should never repeat !, 
  a nice finale and culmination of a larger trend of erdogan using the state to clamp down on political opponents throughout the media , military , government , judiciary , and private organizations . 
  the secularist gulen movement will be driven completely underground now . 
  * erdogan and akp intensifies * . 
  lol . 
  you should copyright that . 
  i like this sort of solidarity , especially in the face of something as horrific as salafi islamic terrorism . 
  i suppose you 're right about vivaldi , seeing how he belonged to the baroque era of music . 
  however , i do find this definition to be a little too strict , seeing how vivaldi died in 1741 . 
  that 's not long before the era of `` classical '' music ( ~ 1750 - 1820 ) . 
  most people would not be able to tell you the difference or be able to distinguish vivaldi from classical era composers . 
  so is vivaldi , composer of the `` four seasons '' . 
  they do n't quite stack up against mozart , though ( born and raised in salzburg ) . 
  although beethoven was born in germany , he lived most of his life in vienna . 
  i 'm not sure why , but this is honestly the best one of these that i 've ever seen . 
  i laughed my ass off on nearly every single one . 
  most forms of abortion in portugal were legalized in 2007 , including everything before the tenth week of pregnancy . 
  however , even before 2007 abortion was legal in portugal , but was limited to only cases of fetal malformation , rape and sexual assault , incest , and health concerns for the mother . 
  even after 2007 , there has n't been a large increase in the amount of abortions , largely due to the reasons norsksud outlines below . 
  you 're actually speaking mandarin chinese ( \u8336 * ch\u00e1 * ) , whereas people who say `` tea '' are speaking the ethnic minority language of min chinese ( * te * , derived from \u837c * t\u00fa * , which means `` bitter herb '' in chinese ) . 
  tea drinking existed in china as far back as the 2nd century bc , during the han dynasty , although it did n't become very popular or widespread until the 8th century ad , during the tang dynasty . 
  it took until the damn 17th century ( 1607 to be precise ) before it reached europe , thanks to the dutch east india company !, 
  portuguese merchants and priests had drank it in ming-dynasty china when they visited in the previous 16th century , though . 
  yeah , it 's part of his european foray following the nato summit in warsaw , poland . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  north korea is none too happy about that one , are n't they ? 
  bacon-flavored popcorn sounds tempting enough . 
  my murica senses are tingling . 
  i almost expected this to be sarcastic ( rubbing it in after portugal won ) . 
  instead you 're being all sportsmanlike and a gentleman . 
  goddamn it . 
  that 's not entertaining !, 
  that 's brutal . 
  it 's true that the us justice system is outrageous for sending people to jail for non-violent drug offenses in the stupid war on drugs . 
  that being said , i think we get it right when it comes to murderers and rapists . 
  a lot of judicial systems in european countries ( especially nordic ones ) are way too lenient , even if they have the noble intent of viewing incarceration as a process of speedy , humane rehabilitation . 
  yes , after a certain period of time there should be forgiveness and people do genuinely change . 
  some people are just psychopaths and natural deviants , though . 
  they really need to strike a balance , but so does the us in making sure sentencing is more uniform ( especially when applied to different races ) . 
   it 's like judges have become the softest beings in western countries . 
  roman legionary scolding brian in monty python 's * life of brian * : `` now do n't . 
  again . '', 
  any particular reason why there 's a picture of a surface-to-air missile going off in the pic for this news article ? 
  what did they do ? 
  execute the sex offenders with cruise missiles ? 
  cuz if so , you know , germany , the united states could help you with that . 
  lol . 
  looks like we found michael jackson . 
  if they 're trying to battle the homogays , then this is rather ironic , considering how gay this magazine cover looks . 
  get behind them , huh ? 
  lol . 
  and yes , mel brooks is a genius . 
  lol . 
  i mean , it 's a crap situation indeed !, 
  yep . 
  that 's what i meant to say . 
  i had a russian girlfriend once , though , when i was living overseas in a former soviet republic ( for two-year volunteer work ) . 
  goddamn they are good in the sack . 
  i felt like i was sleeping with the enemy !, 
  made it much hotter . 
  well , they 're at least part of nato still , for now anyways !, 
  i hesitate to call anyone a `` true european '' , because that is bound to upset and anger some random frenchman ( hon , hon , hon ) for being lumped in with those italians and spaniards who make inferior wine . 
  lol . 
  i did n't hover my mouse cursor over your flag to see that you were secretly from lithuania . 
  perhaps you should n't be so ambiguous with your generic eu flag , mr. smarty pants ? 
  spoken like a true scotsman . 
  i was not expecting this level of banter either !, 
  sucks that he has to cut the trip short , but there are some wounds he must heal back home , particularly in dallas . 
  everyone is waiting for his arrival . 
  well , except for his political detractors who love pointing out the fact that he 's not addressing this directly in the us ( stupid criticism , considering the president of the us of all people should be present at a nato summit in warsaw , poland ) . 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  i do find it strange that the guy who always addresses race issues with calmness and composure is blamed for inciting violence and stirring tensions . 
  have a pint and see how you feel about it afterwards . 
  not again !!!, 
  lol .
