  today , the situation is much different . 
  the majority of people do accept - if in some undefined way - the necessity of developing their own national individuality , provided , of course , this can be achieved without any undue hardship to themselves . 
  so , despite the fact that , by now , there has been instilled in the irish people a respect for themselves and their heritage ; a concern for their institutions , their capabilities , their future ; and while their will to survive as a distinctive community becomes more apparent every day - yet they have been unwilling to take any of the hard irrevocable steps which would ensure that what they piously wish would become a reality . 
  at this point the problem becomes clearly a political problem ; more specifically a problem of leadership . 
  the vital change of attitudes amongst irish people has happened most significantly i would think - and this should be an added cause for optimism - amongst those most intellectually and artistically gifted . 
  amongst this group also we find the most substantial evidence of a will to create an individual irish culture . 
  there has , of course , been some solid achievement all around as well . 
   it 's rare you would see a gaelscoil in an impoverished area not in dublin . 
  there are gaelscoileanna in finglas , ballymun , clondalkin , ballybrack , etc. 
  the irish language is an essential of irish nationality . 
  it is more , it is its chief depository and safeguard . 
  when the irish language disappears , irish nationality will ipso facto disappear , and for ever . 
  on a more positive note , the gaelscoil movement is [ growing every year . 
  ] ( https://i.imgur.com/bgghhgb.jpg ) even though the gaeltacht continues to decline disastrously , there has been a considerable increase in the numbers throughout the country who know some irish . 
  a greater percentage of the people of ireland now declare themselves to have a knowledge of irish than at any time since 1893 . 
   that 's ultimately what we fought for . 
  no it 's not , that 's just pure revisionism . 
  pearse and mac diarmada fought for the gaelicisation of ireland and against anglicisation . 
  go read their writings . 
  michael collins put it best : `` the gaelic revival and the learning of our national tongue were teaching a new national self-respect . 
  we learned that what we wanted was not a political form of home rule or any other kind or form of home rule , but a revival of gaelic life and ways . 
  unless we were willing to fight for our nation , even without any certainty of success , we acquiesced in the doctrine of our national identity with england . 
  it embodied , too , for us the spirit of sacrifice , the maintenance of the ideal , the courage to die for it , so that military efforts were made in nearly every generation . 
  it was a protest , too , against our anglicisation and demoralisation , a challenge of spirit against material power , and as such bore fruit . 
  the rising of 1916 was the fruit . '', 
  got ta make up for lost time !, 
  that 's the word on twitter from people at the scene . 
  apparently the van ran over 10 + muslims outside a mosque . 
  i did n't say the republic . 
  unionist areas in the north east of ireland have been known to fly confederate and kkk flags . 
  money is n't everything . 
  [ ignorance is bliss . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-northern-ireland-10866072 ), 
  here 's a solution : ban the promotion of sharia law . 
  the ira were not terrorists thankfully, 
   what if this time the exact opposite happens ? 
  why would it ? 
  these attacks are happening under her watch . 
  about his sexuality ? 
  read [ the final report ] ( http://static.rasset.ie/documents/news/hiqareport.pdf ) by the health information and quality , the cause of her death was ` failure in basic care . ', 
  the report said that her life might have been saved if ` missed opportunities ' had been acted upon : crucially , the timely administration of the correct antibiotic regimen . 
  her death has been utterly exploited and monopolised by the pro-abortion movement . 
  firstly , savita died of scepticaemia , and termination of pregnancy is not a treatment for scepticaemia . 
  anyhow , current irish law states that termination of pregnancy , may be proper in exceptional cases such as this one . 
  because it wo n't pass . 
  the current abortion laws are not a big issue outside of reddit and college campuses . 
  abortion is not ` progressive ' nor is it ` conservative ' . 
  ireland has a standard 12.5 % corporation tax rate . 
  ireland was not divided into small states . 
  irish gaelic civilization was the reverse of roman civilization in which the state was held together by a central authority , controlling and defending it , the people being left to themselves in all social and intellectual matters . 
  highly organised , roman civilization was powerful , especially for subduing and dominating other races , for a time . 
  but not being rooted in the interests and respect of the people themselves , it could not survive . 
  irish civilization was quite different . 
  the people of the whole nation were united , not by material forces , but by spiritual ones . 
  their unity was not of any military solidarity . 
  it came from sharing the same traditions . 
  it came from honouring the same heroes , from inheriting the same literature , from willing obedience to the same law , the law which was their own law and reverenced by them . 
  they never exalted a central authority . 
  economically they were divided up into a number of larger and smaller units . 
  spiritually and socially they were one people . 
  each community was independent and complete within its own boundaries . 
  the land belonged to the people . 
  it was held for the people by the chief of the clan . 
  he was their trustee . 
  he secured his position by the will of the people only . 
  his successor was elected by the people . 
  the privileges and duties of the chiefs , doctors , lawyers , bards , were the same throughout the country . 
  the schools were linked together in a national system . 
  the bards and historians travelled from one community to another . 
  the schools for the study of law , medicine , history , military skill , belonged to the whole nation , and were frequented by those who were chosen by each community to be their scholars . 
  i am the 1 % !, 
  undermining our nations sovereignty . 
  i 'm a dirty jackeen myself . 
  west brit or shoneen normally does the trick . 
   ` gaelic ' is not a language . 
  there is no ` gaelic ' language . 
  is this a relatively new idea ? 
  michael collins and those involved in the gaelic league around that time always referred to the irish language as ` gaelic ' . 
   it seems some of your country men already do . 
  there has always been a west-briton element in ireland . 
  despite the desire all the way through the conflict and with the collusion of the security forces and british , loyalists where never able to mount a sustained campaign . 
  with the british actively encouraging a united ireland ( which they will if that is the decision ) loyalism would be completely hemmed in and easy to control . 
  lol , during the troubles loyalist paramilitaries had the backing of the british army , the police and the courts , and they achieved little else than shooting random catholics in areas close to their own . 
  their only major operation e.g. 
  dublin and monaghan bombings , was only possible due to collusion between loyalists and the british army . 
  i 'm only have a cursory knowledge when it comes to french politics , but i do hope that le pen wins . 
  i wonder , what 's the best case scenario from a le pen perspective ? 
  le pen vs fillon ? 
  ethnic nationalism is n't inherently bad , its just been used as justification for some bad things . 
  what a joke . 
  our nations citizenship is being cheapened by it being handed out like confetti to people who are only obtaining it for a back up or to hold on to an eu passport . 
  you 're right . 
  that 's why i 'm banking on a le pen victory . 
  a monolithic and deadening ad-mass pseudo-culture does n't sound too appealing . 
  this is the type of nonsense you would only hear on reddit . 
  i value my nations sovereignty . 
  our only hope to dismantle the eu . 
  indeed . 
  i hope le pen manage to pull off a victory . 
  it was also the british who gave the catholic church control of education in the 1870 's .
