if they leave the eea , irish businesses that export to uk ( and import from the uk , like tesco ) will take a hit since there will be customs etc , applied . 
  if they leave the efta , the border will become an external border with the eu . 
  that means it will need to be monitored ( unless the eu agrees that the cta can continue , but this seems unlikely between a country outside the efta and one within the eurozone ) . 
  seems a lot closer than i would 've expected . 
  will be interesting to see how it pans out when the uk actually leave the eu and a possible border being in place . 
  finna gwale would be more accurate, 
  nothing i suppose , as long as they do n't need to use the profits for anything . 
  nothing was removed out of the country . 
  the company was not managed from ireland , so therefore , was not irish tax resident . 
  it did have irish operations , so that constitutes an irish branch . 
  so the question in all foreign head office - irish branch structures , is how much of the company profits should be allocated to the branch . 
  from an irish perspective it was not important where the head office was , just that it was n't in ireland . 
  the head office owned all the technology not the branch . 
  the head office had a board of directors that met regularly and presumably made all the important decisions . 
  they met in different places , so did n't need a permanent office . 
  none of these guys were irish , and they never met in ireland . 
  now apple played it a bit too cute i 'd say , by not actually selecting a permanent location for their head office ( many companies would have chosen bermuda , cayman , etc and they 'd travel there say 4 times a year to discuss all technology related matters ) . 
  but again , that 's not ireland 's concern . 
  all we had to do was to satisfy ourselves was that the company was n't irish resident and the technology was n't owned by the irish branch . 
  your simplified version of events suggested otherwise . 
  good to see fine gael have the balls to stand up to the european commission on this and challenge the finding . 
  ireland can only tax the profits that belong to an irish resident company or an irish branch . 
  the vast bulk of the apple profits arise because of its intellectual property ( patents , technology , trademarks , etc , etc ) . 
  the ip has never been in ireland , never belonged to an irish resident company or irish branch . 
  therefore , ireland can not tax it . 
  the `` head office '' owned the ip , and head office was never in ireland . 
  now , there is a questionmark over where exactly the head office is . 
  but that 's not ireland 's concern - it 's not here , so we ca n't tax it . 
  that is the ec interpretation of it , the irish government , the us government and apple would disagree . 
  make no mistake about it that this is political and nothing do to with actual legalities or tax laws . 
  i wonder what the word is in luxembourg . 
  that little nation should be in a panic seeing as it is the nexus of corporations doing what apple is accused of . 
  surely commission president junker would n't see his country devastated like this ? 
  are the ec going to look into other companies , namely airbus ? 
  no , seeing as they employ loads of people in toulouse . 
  the french have their fingers all over this . 
  add to that dassault , and the handful of car manufacturers . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.finfacts.ie/irish_finance_news/articledetail.php?france-s-8-effective-tax-rate-only-for-small-and-very-big-firms-412 ) an interesting read on france & corporation from finfacts . 
  as [ rt\u00c9 mention ] ( http://www.rte.ie/news/business/2014/1124/661969-tax-pwc/ ) what french companies actually pay is often less than in ireland . 
  and as i mentioned above , luxembourg should be devastated by this , but i have a feeling that junker will see that they are not . 
  ditto for the uk & netherlands . 
  this decision is purely political driven by those who do not like the way ireland has a legal 12.5 % corporation tax . 
  are the ec going to look into other companies , namely airbus ? 
  no , seeing as they employ loads of people in toulouse . 
  the french have their fingers all over this . 
  the only reason there is a fuss here is that ireland is getting cash that would otherwise end up in the pockets of other eu states and the us . 
  this is not just about apple . 
  it 's about all foreign investment in ireland . 
  if apple were to leave then it might be a minor issue in the big picture . 
  however if it was to have a knock-on effect where lots of other big multinationals decided to leave then the effects would be hugely devastating for ireland . 
  it 's very simplistic to look at this a way of getting 13 billion from apple but there is a much bigger picture to look at . 
  the eu want all the multinationals to pull out of ireland for their own benefit . 
  will people really be happy once this happens ? 
  all those jobs gone that will benefit some other country . 
  careful now . 
  this place is a neo-liberal echo chamber . 
   the majority of the population is in favour of changing our constitution to allow abortion the majority are in favour of allowing in extreme cases such as incest , medical necessity , etc. 
  less than 20 % are in favour of a uk style abortion system i.e. , abortion on demand . 
  there is massive demand for places in gaelscoileanna yet in 2016 not one single gaelscoil was on the list of schools to receive proper buildings . 
  the department of education has consistently shown contempt towards the gaelscoil movement . 
   what the hell happened this time ? 
  a fine gael government . 
   til seriously ? 
   they put bombs in civilian areas and warned them 5 minutes before it went off such activities ( i.e. , birmingham ) were the exception and in no way representative of ira actions . 
   you do n't kill 500 civilians by accident in this regard the ira fair far better than anybody else involved in the conflict . 
  the vast majority if civilians killed by the ira were killed accidentally . 
  when you leave warnings or call off operations because of the possibility of civilian casualties that 's a clear indication that the mindset to kill civilians is not there . 
  you do n't have to believe the ira were noble freedom fighters for this to be apparent . 
  look at it from a purely selfish point of view . 
  they gained nothing militarily , economically or in terms of propaganda from the deaths of civilians . 
  it simply benefited them in no way and cost them resources and support  anyone who kills innocent civilians is a giant prick . 
  i agree wholeheartly , i 've never said the ira were perfect . 
  far too often they fell below the standards expected of a revolutionary liberation movement and i 've no issue condemning individual actions . 
  but on the whole the ira were by far the most conscious of any of the groups involved in the conflict . 
  well then i fail to see your point . 
   who deliberately targets civilians . 
  can you prove this notion ? 
  do people out to kill random civilians normally give warnings or issue apologies or spend their time attacking military facilities when they could just hit soft civilian targets ? 
  civilian : a person not in the armed services or the police force . 
  bloody sunday , internment and the ira retaliation . 
  do you also condemn michael collins and the `` old '' ira ? 
  i would love to hear the absurdest mental gymnastics one has to employ to make a distinction between the `` old '' ira and the provisional ira . 
  even a cursory glance at the facts of the conflict will show that the vast majority of ira targets were the occupying british army , the disbanded in disgrace ruc and loyalist death squads . 
  when was this ? 
  the only instance that i can think of where something similar happened is the [ warrenpoint ambush ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warrenpoint_ambush ) , which resulted in the death of 18 british soldiers and one civilian ( who was shot down by the british ) . 
  of all the groups involved in the conflict the pira had the lowest civilian kill ratio . 
  they routinely gave warnings and issued apologies when civilians were accidentally killed and stood down units that didnt take proper precautions to avoid civilian casualties . 
  the ira detonated between 10,000 and 20,000 bombs during the conflict and fired countless bullets . 
  cain puts ira killings at 1823 ( sources vary but results remain broadly the same ) 477 of whom were civilians . 
  this puts civilian deaths at around 26 % of the ira 's victims , 50 % for the british army ( and that 's before we bring up collusion ) , 80-95 % for various loyalists . 
  now if they were , as is the narrative of this subreddit , out to target civilians and spread terror then they were very , very bad at it . 
  not the america government , but the irish diaspora in america . 
  he did however apologise and condemn the killing of civilians . 
  when did n't they do that ? 
  it was always policy . 
   he was also behind the murder of innocent people . 
   he turned a new page later in life , but we should never forget the horror he inflicted on innocent people . 
  name me a war which did n't results in the deaths of civilians ? 
  do you apply the same standards to the british army ? 
  what % of those killings were civilians ?
