   no matter the decision , you voted , you took part and you fall in line no matter the outcome . 
  in a democracy the people are fully entitled to change their minds and to place a restriction on their ability to do that would in fact be undemocratic . 
   was like the uk and respected your right to sovereignty . 
  ahem . 
  i believe eoin \u00d3 broin described them as ` eurocritical ' . 
  5 injured is not, 
   how early do you go ? 
  the first very simple question to ask oneself is whether or not a foetus is living or non living . 
  it accomplishes cellular replication , it grows , it is clearly living . 
  that 's the first hurdle . 
  we then must decide whether this is an individual life form or not . 
  the fact that it must be protected from the maternal system , and does not share it 's genetic make up with the mother would indicate that it is a seperate life form . 
  next we would have to decide whether or not it is a human life form . 
  this should be the simplest answer . 
  for it not to be human , you would have to suggest what other species it could be . 
  from the moment of conception there is a complex cellular architecture in place . 
  it is clearly a seperate human life form . 
   every sperm is sacred ? 
  sperm are cells with limited lifespans which are incapable of division , which is one of the most basic features of an individual life form . 
   any progressive and sane supporter of democracy should denounce violence and those that carry it out , support it or finance it . 
  do you hold the same standard for the american or british army ? 
  if not , why ? 
  except for the fact he 's the president of the largest political party on the island of ireland . 
  i 'm on my phone lad . 
  he literally wrote a book about his treacherous informing activities . 
  google his name . 
  se\u00e1n is a pathological liar and an informer . 
  he would say anything if he thinks it would negatively impact sinn f\u00e9in . 
  is there a map of actual succession movements ? 
  that would be interesting . 
  a northern ireland life & times poll ? 
  yeah , that 's a much better barometer than the poll we just had with actual people casting actual votes . 
  it 's bananas that you are so wound up you have to start throwing about northern ireland life & times numbers to tell us all how nobody wants a united ireland . 
  the numbers are much higher than unionists like you peddle and that we can only know when we hold a border poll , so lets do that , i think we 'll be a lot higher than your balls of 14 % - sounds like you do n't get our around communities in ireland if that 's what you actually believe . 
  the american south . 
   to the young people of the republic , the north is a different country of different people , and there 's not a lot of empathy there . 
  considering sinn f\u00e9in are the most popular party with the youth , by far , i find that very hard to believe . 
  purely because being pro-eu right now will advance the cause of irish freedom . 
   nonsectarian/other lol , as if being a nationalist or unionist makes you sectarian . 
  native speakers are scattered throughout the island . 
  why ? 
   i think abortions are generally a good thing . 
  wtf ? 
  only if you give us derry, 
  i would disagree . 
  this has nothing to do with russian hacking and everything to do with the massive defeat russia/syria has inflicted on the yanks and their proxies in syria . 
  why is europe so low compared to elsewhere ? 
   why ireland show irish it 's a mystery alright . 
  ireland , presumably, 
  nah , i value my nations sovereignty . 
   we invented the darn thing r/shitamericanssay, 
  honestly , i just got it from [ this twitter thread ] ( https://twitter.com/darkcloudbeing/status/842105332667187201 ), 
  that 's mainly said by fenians and taigs, 
  it 's in dublin city and right beside one of the biggest colleges in the country , so i 'm sure they 're used to it . 
  never heard a single report of homophobia in the area . 
  homosexuals are far more likely to be attacked by kids in the inner city . 
  i guess the working class are incompatible with western society . 
  really ? 
  i live near a mosque and never had a problem with those who follow the teachings of islam . 
  we did n't fight the brits in 1919 because of the famine or the penal laws . 
  we fought them because they were suppressing our national right to self-determination . 
  i would support the catalonians declaring their independence and ridding their country of foreign interference . 
  honestly , they should just do what we did in 1919 . 
   why would you want to learn that , as opposed to a world language like arabic ? 
  ( or in our case , english ) as noam chomsky said : a language is not just words . 
  it 's a culture , a tradition , a unification of a community , a whole history that creates what a community is . 
  it 's all embodied in a language . 
  the language , which grows up with a people , is conformed to their organs , descriptive of their climate , constitution , and manners , mingled inseparably with their history and their soil , fitted beyond any other language to express their prevalent thoughts in the most natural and efficient way . 
  it is uniquely irish . 
  how can we express our most subtle thoughts and finest feelings in a foreign tongue ? 
  to impose another language on such a people is to send their history adrift among the accidents of translation -- it 's to tear their identity from all places -- it 's to substitute arbitrary signs for picturesque and suggestive names -- it 's to cut off the entail of feeling , and separate the people from their forefathers by a deep gulf the hills , and lakes , and rivers , the forts and castles , the churches and parishes , the baronies and counties around you , have all irish names -- names which describe the nature of the scenery or ground , the name of founder , or chief , or priest , or the leading fact in the history of the place . 
  to you these are names hard to pronounce , and without meaning . 
  and yet it were , well for you to know them . 
  that knowledge would be a topography , and a history , and romance , walking by your side , and helping your discourse . 
  meath tells it flatness , clonmel the abundant riches of its valley , fermanagh is the land of the lakes , tyrone the country of owen , kilkenny the church of st. canice , dunmore the great fort , athenry the ford of the kings , dunleary the fort of o\u2019leary ; and the phoenix park , instead of taking its name from a fable , recognises as christener the `` sweet water '' which yet springs near the cast gate . 
   i 'm in school . 
  its ridiculous . 
  everybody hates being forced to learn it . 
  i went to a gaelscoil and have never heard such contempt for our native tongue . 
  this contempt merely stems from the method in which it is taught - which is utterly backwards and repetitive . 
  immersion is the only way forward . 
  it took the english empire some three hundred years to impose their culture on us . 
  our own task of cultural recreation is no less formidable than was the english task of cultural imposition . 
   modern globalised world  i do n't mean this in the sense that ireland as a state should not exist . 
  what do you think the end game is ? 
  a people without a language of its own is only half a nation . 
  a nation should guard its language more than its territories -- it 's a surer barrier , and more important frontier , than fortress or river . 
   languages are a vital part of culture . 
  illustrated by a basque saying : `` without basque , there is no basque country '' . 
  a country without a language is a country without a soul . 
   schools . 
  make irish language mandatory for kids . 
  currently it is optional from 3rd class . 
  it is mandatory from the beginning to end . 
  but it is taught awfully which leads kids to have scarce knowledge and contempt for the language . 
  the only real way to revive the language is immersion through gaelscoileanna . 
   realistically the percentage of people with a even a basic conversational level of irish is way way lower . 
  `` knowing some irish '' is meaningless . 
  the main point is really that a widespread change of attitudes that have occurred since the founding of the gaelic league in 1893 . 
  back then either a contemptuous or decidedly negative attitude was general when the gaelic league was founded to the idea of an `` irish-ireland '' .
