  it changed a lot until the republican flag used today . 
  i 've read the other reply . 
  at least check your grammar , did n't understand a bit of that . 
  also your fault for smoking a joint in public and being unaware of your surroundings . 
  wake up sweden, 
  then you can give back byzantium , also all of your east coast to the greeks . 
  this is not accurate at all , mainly in portugal . 
  the north is n't poorer than the south . 
  it should be a nut iii division , so i call this map a null . 
  there is a great highway system in portugal , although a bit excessive in quantity for the country 's size . 
  it has a somewhat acceptable maintenance , it depends if a repair is done 1 day or 1 month later . 
  to pay , there is the traditional toll system for cars without via verde . 
  via verde is a system that involves having a scanner inside the front glass , which beeps when passing an automatic toll . 
  the cost of the toll is deducted from the client 's account . 
  the speed limit is 120 km/h . 
  what ? 
  angola is ours . 
  if you understood that from my sentence , then the problem is yours . 
  i did n't mention asia . 
  armenia and georgia have european traits . 
  turkey was in the good track , but unfortunately they are getting backwards with a conservative and religious dictator . 
  good luck being european with erdogan xd you 'll never be european with an anti-west dictator . 
  more like barbaricus augustus, 
  lol cigarette machines are pretty common in europe . 
  there are national legislations to limit the minimum wage of purchasing tobacco . 
  it 's a puppet state created by imperialist russia , like south ossetia in georgia . 
  russia sends russian natives there to colonize the area and remove the other country 's influence over the area ( also check the crimea crisis ) . 
  it is common in dense urban areas , mostly because of lack of parking spots or paid parking lots . 
  people usually avoid parking in parking lots in the city 's center for being too expensive ( or full ) . 
  corruption in several fields : politics , sports , banks , wildfires . . 
  there is a rising need in a cleanse for good . 
  too common , most of them are caused by arson . 
  it 's a shame , but above all , our civic protection is incompetent to deal with this disaster . 
  yes they are popular in portugal , and they are quite expensive ( although not as much as few years ago ) . 
  people like to eat them normally , or with some yogurt . 
  edit : in portuguese they are called mirtilos, 
  never seen in portugal . 
  last time i was in italy i saw a few . 
  already responded to his reply , check it out . 
  then you have madrid , barcelona , and if you are willing learn portuguese go to porto or lisbon . 
  the cost of of living maybe cheaper in porto , but the quality of life is very high . 
  well if you are an english native speaker then go for london lol, 
  sun . 
  crappy mainstream music and plastic famous people, 
  portuguese -  spanish , italian , french english -  german ( a bit lol ), 
  you should come here , i advise you to visit porto , 
  how about you read a bit about history ? 
  erm . . portugal lost it 's power because of the union , remember that spain was at war with half of europe ? 
  lol, 
  pedro is huehue daaamn youuu !, 
  yes , with afonso henriques !, 
  for a very short time, 
  thank god we did n't go full communist . 
  marmelada indeed , it is also a slang word for making out . 
  but damn it our diet is mediterranean !, 
  ahh i know where you got that * jingles *, 
  where are you from ? 
  formosa is a portuguese word given to beautiful persons/things , mostly to women , 
  high five my beef friend !, 
  yes choco or lula is calamari, 
  you got it right , visit us sometime !, 
  siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, 
  and not a single one in continental portugal, 
  old, 
  ** f o d a s s e **, 
  greece is n't exactly poor , and portugal is n't too . 
  we do n't live in huts , neither we hunt for a living . 
  life is pretty good , and we have pretty good conditions to live . 
  hum yeah ... that would work . . 
  i wish that portugal got into civ 6 with a decent leader !, 
  in america , africa and asia :d like russian ? 
  never heard that one xd not as much , the difference is by a margin today . 
  yes , lisbon was a trade hub during phoenician times, 
  eder is our lord , eheh, 
  * waves codfish at you furiously *, 
  bonus points for the hearts of iron reference , caralho . 
  oh god . 
  mostly gypsies , social neighbourhoods gangs and eastern mobs . 
  in portuguese we say rep\u00fablica checa . 
  saying chequia or something else is weird . 
  porto blue dragons, 
  in a medical center never . 
  but in some multinational big companies you can do that . 
  sin . 
  nah man , you 're just beind dumb . 
  not edgy at all . 
  heavy taxes , when buying cars for example . 
  thank you caralho, 
  1.72 centimetres ??? 
  1.72 centimetres ???? 
  1.92 m here . 
  i 'm a giant in portugal . 
  1.72 cm is short . . edit : received a downvote because 1.72 centimetres is short . 
  your flag is a big plus , go switzerland, 
  porto , it comes from the river douro . 
  it is pumped from the river some miles east of porto-gaia , close to a barrage called crestuma-lever . 
  photo of the water treatment central with 3 captions : http://www.adpinternacional.com/pt//temp/jpg_db0323017c79ef1cf07300d560461cef.jpg, 
  show your beautiful women . 
  i bet on georgia and montenegro . 
  beer,
