when he changes the name to constantinople, 
  children with great beards, 
  a lot of people 35-40 and over suck at english . 
  a few morrocans ( 1 in a million ) , i 've seen one in my entire life and he was selling carpets . 
  never saw a single muslim or muslim thing here , just in medieval fairs where muslims are killed by templars lol, 
  portugal, 
  dude eat some pork while watching gay porn . 
  that is extra harambe, 
  ahah a friend of mine was there 2 weeks in uppsala and stockholm and he was bored to death . 
  portugal is more spicy . 
  edit : more spicy and also poorer , but screw that xd, 
  i 'm not tanned enough xd i 'm very white , tall and my eyes are green , i 'm almost scandinavian lol, 
  totally . 
  you could trigger the triggering by just typing this `` ronaldo  messi '' . 
  so capitalism is bailing out , a corrupt daughter of a president investing in a company or two is bailing out lol . 
  dude do n't be silly . 
  i did n't know angola is fmi lol at least we do n't get invaded , 
  in portugal *, 
  oh sweden , how the mighty have fallen . . 
  if you were n't spanish you would understand :d, 
  i hope this guy gets arrested somehow , he is the worse ever . 
  viva portugal !, 
  5 % is a dream in portugal xd we have the double , trade with us norway ? 
  vomited a little . 
  i 'm with you polish brother . 
  bs , downvoted . 
  why moody 's and other rating agencies are relevant enough to compromise a whole country ? 
  as a portuguese citizen i think that barroso should be arrested for leaving portugal and now for leaving europe . 
  he is a disgrace and certainly corrupt to the bone . 
  guess who are being terrorists now . . 
  thank you ok ?? 
  i doubt this being legitimate . 
  porto is more humid and it rains more there than in lisbon . 
  yet it only shows lisbon in the tops . 
  it 's not just capital cities because you see cities like munich and milan there . 
  that 's an easy and stupid reply . 
  if you go to a country and you adapt to their culture instead of forming ghettos then there is no racism . 
  as a swede you know about ghettos and how they want to be cast away from your society . 
  also everything nowadays is racist/xenophobic . 
  literally everything !, 
  it annoys that people ca n't be free to do/make/talk anything without being acused of some sort of thing . 
  if you think you like in a society filled with hate then you fuck off  speak for yourself , i only see a handful of xenophobic people . 
  also in my country gypsies put themselves out of society and usually rob , talk badly and behave like pigs . 
  is that being xeno or true ? 
  i gave a very strong dislike when i read `` xenophobic '' . 
  it 's the easiest insult without any reasoning behind it at all . 
  meh , all the european countries should help . 
  instead we got russia 's and morocco 's help . 
  a few, 
  what ? 
  east - paradela west - faj\u00e3 grande, 
  2 little places , most pts do n't know them . 
  portuguese law is the same as other countries in europe . 
  soft . 
  the guy that started the madeira 's fire ( burned part of the city and the protected and unique forest ) is free because he was labeled as psychological inapt ( drugs , no parents , crime , etc ) . 
  so he is a poor guy that just needs some love lol i wish he was thrown into the fire . 
  paint master race, 
  we have thousands of firemen , with hundreds of vehicles to help , also the military and police forces . 
  also we have a pretty good airforce to tackle these problems . 
  but our law does n't punish those criminals as they should , they get preventive prison or like 2 years and they are free to do it again . 
  a quick note for the portuguese redditors : i know that the places i named are n't really the most eastern and western but they are the most well known places there . 
  we have lots of aircraft and help from other countries ( russia , france , italy , morocco ) . 
  but we had too many fires , and 90 % of them are caused by man ( negligence , intentional ) . 
  it 's not normal for fires to start at 3 am , like most of them here . 
  in portugal there is another other for knife other than `` faca '' . 
  it 's `` cutelo '' . 
  if japan did n't provoke the usa , then germany would win if they did n't mess with urss ( before the attack on stalin 's regime , they had a peace treaty ) . 
  creative reply indeed . 
  you can adapt to not mislead people into judging quick conclusions . 
  i also tagged , in a vain hope for a little `` truth '' . 
  it is about the misleading title . 
  and ? 
  why ? 
  because it is presented here like a recent phenomenon . 
  pt had a peak emigration during the 60 's . 
  nowadays the peak should be 300k distributed by all the years during the recession in europe . 
  my problem is the title , is misleading and should be edited to clarify that the report is between 1960 and 2016 . 
  this gives a bad image of a country vilified by other european countries . 
  so the title is misleading . 
  bad report , those 2 millions do n't represent the actual emigration phenomenon . 
  110,000 in 2013 , so let 's say in between 2013-2016\u00a0300 k people went out of pt . 
  assumiing pt has 10m habitants , 6m are active ( + / - ) . 
  300k is waaayy under 20 % . 
  bad report , no matter what . 
  it is not an exodus , if it was 20 % the country would be empty . 
  edit : source : i live in pt and i watch the news . 
  also i live in pt 's 2nd biggest city and if that `` info '' was true then we would notice a massive emptiness . 
  just imagine 1 out of 5 people just leaving , bad bad report . 
  he is corrupt and a rat . 
  he abandoned portugal with bad management to pursue is own agenda in the central government . 
  i highly advise not to trust him . 
  tell me how portugal is more poor than eastern or other southern countries . 
  i think that pt 's case is the only that has the accurate % , i really doubt of those low % in other countries . 
  btw , i know more people who enjoy reading books that do n't . 
  also , i can say to you that people here read , if not books they read newspapers and magazines . 
  also , how can you correlate richness with % of reading books ? 
  how about saudi arabia or the usa ? 
  also portugal is very enriched culturally , you speak of things you do n't know . 
  i really ca n't believe that this data is accurate . 
  how come the % of portugal is so high compared to other countries ?
