  most of the people i know enjoy reading . 
  i know everyone reads here , at least the day 's newspaper . 
  meh , nobody asked me if i read for this . 
  this is going to end well xd, 
  no , eating * snackbar * !, 
  porto has older buildings than lisbon ( 1755 earthquake ) , also very modern ones like casa da m\u00fasica , vodafone building . 
  at this moment porto is way more captivating than lisbon . 
  sorry but in portugal it 's 18 . 
  \u00c1 men, 
  i prefer the porto one because it 's less `` random '' than lisbon 's . 
  but hey , i 'm from porto and a civil engineer so i 'm guilty . 
  edit : oh and finally some praise for gare do oriente , most of the focus goes to olaias subway station . 
  in other news , the sky is blue . 
  really tired of rating agencies , 90 % of them are american and very biased towards their agenda . 
  you do n't know him , and already assumed that he is a shit person . 
  he is n't , stfu . 
  i have over 120 games on steam , mostly of them bought in release  as i said , you 're trying something you ca n't lol, 
  na man , it 's in my name bought with my money . 
  but still , nice try xd anyways my job and my pay definitely are better than yours , and i do n't need to know whatever you do in potato land . 
  nah man , my laptop has all the capabilities to run whatever i want , so it 's not a `` potato '' ( get it ? ) . 
  so you 're rubbing something that 's not really `` rubbable '' ahah but nice try kid , i hope your pc did n't put your papa 's account to near zeros :d, 
  so , you defined yourself by pc parts ? 
  ahah what a loser xd also , i can play every game with no issue , as i said my laptop is 2 years old . 
  but anyway , congrats on your pc , hope you can watch all the hd hentai you need :d, 
  i got your jimmies rustled because you had the work to check my posts  also , without the need to justify myself , i 'm looking to build a good pc for leisure and have my 2 year old laptop only for work . 
  you tried , you tried :d, 
  talks the potato farmer . 
  porto has a new subway/tram service . 
  this one is mostly for tourism purpose . 
  during napoleon 's invasion , the queen and the court fled to brazil in order not to be captured . 
  the thing is , napoleon never managed to reach lisbon . 
  also porto stood tall , and the nickname of the city is invicta ( undefeated ) . 
  not my discussion , just a stupid response to my first comment . 
  i do n't know a single reason for someone to support erdogan . 
  your logic is faulty . 
  giving past excuses for something happening today is not an argument . 
  what about franco , hitler and mussolini ? 
  it 's in the past , so your argument is invalid . 
  and what about the armenian genocide ? 
  at least salazar did n't kill millions of people . 
  this should be a perfect excuse for turkey to never enter the eu . 
  it 's a destination for portuguese emigrants . 
  there is a saying that if you do n't like francesinha then you 're not a man, 
  now fragmented and poor portuguese is a language ? 
  jeez . . 
  the others are either spanish dialects not spoken in portugal or the ones i referred to ( portuguese and mirandese ) . 
  with that logic we could add brazilian , angolan , mo\u00e7ambican ... oh and ukranian . 
  it should only list indigenous ones . 
  9 languages in portugal ? 
  seems odd . 
  last time i checked it was only portuguese and a dialect in the north-eastern part called mirandese . 
  cry more, 
  eheheh, 
  the day marked the restoration of independence !, 
  portugal is independent since 1143 , as a remark . 
  yes it is , another name for this day, 
  that seems hypocritical of you because the spanish were the same xd, 
  well , not at english . 
  this is the restauration of the independence . 
  sure , get an excuse for the continuous ass-whipping you got from portugal during history . 
  well , it 's a sunday for a start . . 
  damnit frederik go back to your pickle barrel :d, 
  it 's afonso de albuquerque ( you were close ) . 
  he was the lion of the east , an awesome figure of portugal 's history . 
  read more of portugal 's history , you 'll be amazed about your ancestor 's accomplishments . 
  fail troll, 
  yeah . . 
  thank you roma bro !, 
  christmas day is a day off . . 
  on this day , 1640 , portugal got its independence back from spain . 
  portugal had a succession crisis in 1580 that led to the king of spain at that time to rule both countries . 
  the new portuguese king was jo\u00e3o iv !, 
  edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portuguese_restoration_war wiki link . 
  oh really, 
  enjoy your astronomically high unemployment, 
  fun fact : pila is dick in portuguese . 
  besiktas is good kebab , they have quaresma, 
  sorry turkey-guy but your leader is bad kebab, 
  i agree with the turkey part lol, 
  it is n't the best photo , but still the landscape is marvelous . . oh well i was born there , and i 'm very proud . 
  tortilla tequila tomate, 
  moonspell , equaleft , revolution within , switchtense , heavenwood . 
  the flag is too spanish looking . 
  i think having a neutral background like white ( with a red/blue cross ? ), 
  and having a better designed heraldry is the ideal . 
  it 's really really meh . . 
  well i 'm in the safe part of portugal , but still it 's very hot at 30\u00bac . . we are used to it during the same . 
  come here , you 're welcome , 
  i 'll add to that some lack of civic composure ( when in large parties , gatherings , lines , parking lots , ... ) and the horrible mentality ( 2nd points you wrote ) about everything outside portugal is good . 
  they can in paper , but they are n't native . 
  wow they look so swedish / s. 
  you insensible dipshit, 
  the more i look at it , the more offensive it gets . 
  i use yorn x as you do . 
  yorn x, 
  i 'm portuguese and pay 16 $ / month for my 5gb . 
  that 's pretty good , great job, 
  woot ? 
  ahah but it was ours first :p, 
  the white with a blue cross flag was the first flag of portugal .
