  edf , sncf , la poste , orange , ... incidentally those companies provide service damn important to the country so they are listened quite a lot when they do strikes . 
  i mean if people do n't come to vote , they ca n't really complain then . 
  the government may have been happy ( though that may not be sure ) , i would n't say the population was happy , they did n't really had a choice . 
  even with 51 % he will be as legitimate as with 100 % whatever they say . 
  and they should n't do that because it 's very risky . 
  but melenchon and le pen policies are n't that far to be honest so maybe they want her to win ? 
  yeah keeping the electoral college system but allowing the votes of each state depending of the result in the state would be way more logical and democratic imo . 
  as it is , it 's kind of useless to vote for the side opposite to the one which is predominant in the state ( like republican in california or democrat in texas , it 's basically useless ) . 
  so as it is , only a few states ( swing states ) are really important in an election . 
  also the fact to really only have 2 parties that arrive at that level is kind of weird . 
  even that would n't do it probably . 
  it would take something like a scandal on macron ala fillon imo or a very big communication error . 
  it has very little chance to happen to be honest . 
  while we should n't call it before it happens ( and he should n't just stop campaigning and opposing le pen ) , aside from something like a scandal on macron ( ala fillon ) , macron is very likely the next president . 
  yeah i know but in other societal issues ( immigrations , security , . . ) he went towards le pen . 
  i see it as le pen-fillon close on societal issues while going in opposite ways economically ( where fillon is closest to macron indeed ) . 
  melenchon-le pen kind of close economically while going on opposite ways societally ( though not really , just who would benefit from the social help ) . 
  thanks , it is very interesting actually . 
  i just thought it would be more logical to follow popular vote country wide but i guess it makes sense for the voice of all states to be heard ( though it would be kind of normal if higher populated areas had more weight in the end ) . 
  i think the system is actually quite adapted for us if all states would pass to the proportional vote following their own popular vote ( the maine and nebraska system ) . 
  best of both systems kind of . 
  i mean what we call right wing for france . 
  yeah compared to uk or us we 're leftist i guess . 
   you seriously think that people from the left will vote for the far-right ? ... 
   the economic positions are n't that different actually . 
  le pen ( idiotic imo ) economic ideas are not some liberal thing that we could expect for something called `` right '' . 
  it 's basically not so far from melenchon ideas . 
  the problem is a racist tendency that would n't appeal to them . 
  but the idea to `` give to the poor '' ( to caricaturize ) is there on both sides ( when the poor are french at least for mlp ) . 
  i do n't see why liberalism ( normal right ) is associated with nationalism ( far right ) to be honest . 
  imo the liberalism is anything but racism imo . 
  le pen is anti-mondialisation for example which is n't a liberal economic policy . 
  it 's also one of the problems for lr this election , they went a lot towards those racist ideas imo ( while still keeping a liberal economy policy ) . 
  yeah to be honest , the us system is completely archaic and dumb imo . 
  why do n't they just count the popular vote of everyone at once ( and not by state , it 's a federal election after all ) ? 
  yeah probably , especially since many voters ( myself included this year actually ) often do n't vote for someone but more against someone ( that 's basically how hollande has been elected in 2012 tbh ) or at least the `` less worse '' . 
  yeah it 's not that easy . 
  macron is seen by many of melenchon voters as the `` finance '' or from the policitcal system which they wanted to reform . 
  while i 'm not sure they would be more for le pen , they might just not vote second turn and that often help the fn . 
  as for fillion voters , even if there is a clear call to vote macron there , the voters will probably be divided between the two candidates . 
  while i do think macron 'll win pretty easily ( and the polls were pretty clear for now ) , it is n't a good thing to already call it . 
  melenchon voters are n't exactly ok with macron for example ( the economic policies are n't exactly the same ) . 
  though i do n't believe they are for le pen either ( for clear reasons ) , they may have a strong absententionism in second turn which helps the fn most of the time . 
  the party does n't seem to call a vote either for now . 
  so probably either macron or nothing for them . 
  as for fillon voters , the party personalities clearly call for a macron vote . 
  but fillon has won the primary and was probably the candidate the closest to le pen in ideas . 
  so it 's not sure the voters will follow this . 
  i see a division le pen-macron in those voters . 
  so the campaign is n't over and macron side should n't believe that at all imo . 
  because being confident is a big risk . 
  so very likely he win but it 's not done yet . 
  while i do think he 'll win pretty easily , it is n't a good thing to already call it . 
  melenchon voters are n't exactly ok with macron for example ( the economic policies are n't exactly the same ) . 
  though i do n't believe they are for le pen either ( for clear reasons ) , they may have a strong absententionism in second turn which helps the fn most of the time . 
  the party does n't seem to call a vote either for now . 
  so probably either macron or nothing for them . 
  as for fillon voters , the party personalities clearly call for a macron vote . 
  but fillon has won the primary and was probably the candidate the closest to le pen in ideas . 
  so it 's not sure the voters will follow this . 
  i see a division le pen-macron in those voters . 
  so the campaign is n't over and macron side should n't believe that at all imo . 
  because being confident is a big risk . 
  edit : also saying it 's already won may incite many voters to just not bother especially considering the date of the second turn ( it 's in the middle of a 3-day week-end there ) . 
  macron already got plenty of supports ( mainly from ps and lr parties ) . 
  you know politics ( at least here ) , they 'll do what they need to keep their positions , even change party . 
  yeah imo they can pass second turn easily ( even each time and even in first ) but when there is a 2 turn system i doubt they 'll ever win the election . 
  except if they do something like 40 % + at first turn but that is very unlikely to ever happen . 
   france is a leftist country there have been more right wing governments than left . . 
  le pen going to second turn is a good thing actually if it 's macron with her . 
  then , it eliminates fillon and melenchon right away and mlp does n't have much chance against any of the candidates on second turn . 
  there is a duel to the death between the two second candidates . 
  yeah it never happened in less disputed elections . 
  this year ? 
  will never happen, 
  let 's say he is against the current eu . 
  problem is most of what he wants would probably not be possible to negotiate so that would lead to the exit referendum ... 
  the extremes voters are always really hard to predict . 
  they can vote le pen for `` outside the system '' and if so , fillion is the worst on that . 
  they also want more `` socialism '' in a way ( except just for french ) , they are n't liberal . 
  imo right and far right are pretty different . 
  however , fillion has a speech kind of close of marine le pen in all the immigrations question so that may help him there . 
  he 'll probably reinforces those points if he is in second turn without mlp . 
  what 's the point of having a cake and not eating it though ? 
   the poll reports 95 % chance that the election results are within 0.8 % would they be able to give us results at 8pm like usual if it 's so close ? 
  it 's always based on temporary results so i wonder if they could do a mistake or something or would prefer holding off . 
  imagine someone think they are at the second turn with temporary results , do a victory speech and learn just after they are n't qualified . 
  would be fun ( or not depending of who is that person ) . 
  in france , it is almost always there for political discourses , on any official building and such . 
  it is seen almost as often as the french flag to be honest . 
  in the uk , you never really were in the eu in spirit let 's be honest  . 
  sadly for you , he is into ( much ) older women than him so if you already find him `` older '' , you might not be right for him . 
  will merkel stop being reelected one day . 
  i feel like she 's there since like 20 years . 
  are n't you bored of her ? 
  yeah melenchon-le pen would be the most probable for her to pass ( and to be honest melenchon is n't better either , he 's also anti-eu ) . 
  if it 's someone else , the margin may be smaller than what i said but i do n't think she pass either ( even with all fillon votes which would n't happen ) . 
  i did n't say all newspaper or media were like that ( though totally unbiased news probably does n't exist ) but figaro and lib\u00e9ration are pretty known for that . 
  also , you 're pretty right , i am indeed moderate and for macron there ( more because it 's the best amongst what we have than really passionate for him tbh ) . 
  and how do you know which candidate i support ?
