  in france the media ca n't talk about the elections anymore since yesterday night . 
  so any news on that would only touch the negligible part of the electorate that reads foreign news . 
  it certainly depends how 2017-2022 , the world and france could be in a much worse state or a better one , we ca n't really know . 
  or someone would has n't only done politics all his life after his family have done the same . 
  lol that was something launched by fn supporters or fn directly . 
  an inquiry has even been open to check where it comes from . 
  macron has been audited multiple times by the authorities without a problem . 
  try again . 
  are n't they allowed ( legally i mean ) to do this tax evasion within the eu especially because it is a common market ? 
  outside the eu , they should n't be able to do it ( concerning the money they earn in the eu of course ) , right ? 
  sometimes , i think macron would n't want some of those supports to be honest . 
  like the support of hollande does n't really help him tbh . 
  the other parties would ally against fi or fn in second turn ( that 's how legislatives works ) and those parties would never ally with another one . 
  so they lost in many circonscriptions where he will arrive first in the first turn i guess . 
  i do n't see why it could n't get anything . 
  in general , the party winning the presidential ( which happens one month before ) also wins the legislative . 
  of course , the problem is that em is n't really a party with many candidates but if macron is president , you can be sure he 'll have a lot of support from ex-lr and ps that will switch to em ( that already happen ) to win their seats . 
   it will change a bit under macron , his program proposes a proportional system for seats ( i do n't know the details of his proposal ) . 
  i do n't know it either but it is important to say that it wo n't change for the upcoming election since the time where macron will be president is way too short to do meaningful changes to those laws ( which are constitutional so it is n't that easy to change ) . 
  also the lr and em candidates would probably not ally with the fi candidates . 
  the system make everyone above 12.5 % access to the second turn and there is often alliances between some of them to gain more support and doing it to stop the extremes is pretty common . 
  the political system in france makes it very hard for extremes to access power actually ( same with the two turn presidential election ), 
  many people from the parties join him during the campaign , notably ps . 
  i do n't think they officially changed party ( em is a movement , not a party so that may not be required ) though . 
  there are some at least , we already received `` ads '' from the em candidate in my circunscription ( benelux so it 's a little special since it is n't in metropolitan france ) . 
  lr ( fillon 's party ) is basically `` expulsing '' him ( they put baroin in charge of legislative elections ) and putting someone else in charge , i think it is in a better situation than ps actually . 
  fillon really lost the election , not necessarily the lr . 
  it was the person and affairs that were rejected by many ( and they still did 19 + % instead of 6 + % ) . 
  hammon ( ps candidate ) had no affairs or personality problems so you might assume it 's really the party and ideas that failed ( and much more than lr ) . 
  the ps is definitively in bigger trouble imo . 
  it always has divisions between left and center-left movements inside it tbh ( but the same could be said of lr tbh ) so maybe now , the two will branch in different parties . 
  yeah , also to be honest , there are n't that many french on reddit . 
  and many people do n't speak english ( or barely ) here actually , especially amongst le pen voters in general . 
  so i think it 's pretty useless there . 
  facebook and in french is much more appropriate to do those things . 
  she was always attacking macron ideas and person and never actually speaking of her program . 
  she said that macron was basically responsible of all the problems of the country since like 40 years of government . 
  she also used tons of false facts actually . 
  i do n't think she convinced many doubtful people . 
  people would already support her should have loved it though ( but that 's not really useful in a debate ) . 
  i do n't know , i think that worked on her voters and maybe some people ( probably not that much though which is a failure for a debate i guess , since it was n't her voters she had to convince ) . 
  of course , if you 're more objective , you 'll see she passed her time to attack macron ideas ( on the principle that he was responsible from everything the previous governments made ) and had almost nothing from her own ideas to defend . 
  also she used plenty of false infos but sadly , many people wo n't see it . 
  i would love if someone was fact checking in direct and saying them directly to the candidates during the debate . 
  see her reaction might be fun because she has said a lot of false things actually but plenty of people will take them as true . 
  on the other hand , for 99 % of politics in the history in the world , they do n't do what they say so ... 
  lgbt people are like anyone else , they have other ideas outside of their sexuality . 
  they probably were attracted for other points of his program ( and same for le pen ) , people are rarely ok with everything someone say . 
  yeah problem is she 's also after the melechon voters , more from economic purposes . 
  problem is how you conciliate societal positions that would appeal to fillion voters but not melenchon 's and economic positions that would appeal to melenchon 's voters but not fillon ( which is ultra-liberal ) . 
  seems a pretty hard balance to manage . 
  yes the media are building le pen like the us did with trump , they do n't even seem to realize it . 
  any attacks would n't hurt her anyway since `` victim of the media and system '' is one of her points . 
  fillon would very likely have easily won if not for the affairs he had to be honest . 
  it 's not the ideas that were a problem , it was him and his actions . 
  and fillon was third , where should she go for having votes ? 
  the only one who got more than her is macron and i doubt they would change their votes . 
  the second turn is always trying to grab the voters from the losing candidates . 
   because her surrogates had no idea they acted like they had no idea , this is different . 
  they are politics , lying is part of their job . 
   we do enjoy less crime , longer lifespans , healthier living and better work-life balance though . 
  that probably qualifies us as `` better off '' though . 
  there is n't only money in life . 
  it 's not really erdogan choice that i qualify as dumb . 
  i do n't know him enough to judge . 
  it 's giving someone too much new powers . 
  it 's basically making a dictator voluntarily . 
  it 's not this coming sunday , it 's may 7th fyi . 
  melenchon supporters will massively do n't vote apparently . 
  while it is better than to vote le pen , it is still not a good thing . 
  fillon voters will spread between both candidates . 
  hamon voters will go macron for sure . 
  it 's not impossible for her to win like for her father in 2002 to be honest . 
  i find french medias and kind of macron himself act as it is already won and acting overconfident is very dangerous in this case ( might also favor absentention especially because they put the second turn vote in the middle of a 3-day week-end there for some dumb reason ) . 
  well yes , eurosceptics and `` give to the poor '' ideas are pretty much both their bases . 
  of course , both have other things but they have that in common . 
  it 's a competition and we would win against brexit with that one ( because it 's frexit with other stuff ) . 
  not sure if it beats trump though and probably not ergodan so we wo n't be first . 
  well that 's totally normal there . 
  i do n't like her but she 's not muslim , she has no reason to be forced to wear a hijab ( and muslim women should n't be forced either tbh ) . 
  yeah now but if it happened just before the vote or something like that ? 
  or maybe something bigger ala straus-khan scandal . 
   also , it can be argued that everybody that did vote are to blame whatever goes down well no , people who voted for the person who win would be responsible . 
  yes and it actually made him more popular ( though not for long ) . 
  while he had a long term relationship ( not married though which would also be a scandal in some countries ) . 
  i actually learned of that only by seeing the john oliver recent segment on french elections . 
  hollande popularity actually increased with his affair with julie gayet . 
  while that would be considered a big scandal in a country like us for example . 
   holy shit , i do n't know why , but i really want to punch young m\u00e9lenchon i kind of want to punch old m\u00e9lenchon too though  . 
  you 're right on macron and le pen , they would probably even be a couple in that 90s show actually . 
  it must be hard for people actually calling themselves le pen ( it is n't the only family ) . 
  i know some marine and they already are n't very happy about the name now . 
  she 's elected only for 5 years , 10 at most if she gets reelected ( which i do n't think would happen ) . 
  which is pretty much what he 's saying since yesterday , 
  i know that in the benelux , it is macron strongly first followed by fillon . 
  i do n't have numbers but melenchon or le pen are pretty low ( compared to national average ) which is logic considering their positions on eu . 
  yeah it also makes it look like like macron did n't get that many since there are plenty of places where he is not first but a strong second for example . 
  and those votes counts too . 
  yeah this would never pass in france , people saying that does n't seem to know the tendency of our country to strike . 
  not only in governments but in plenty of big ( historically public ) companies , that culture is really prevalent .
