yeah what 's up with those colors ? 
  there are others !, 
  the other countries just need to have more sex and babies then . 
  stop slacking off germany and you wo n't need migrants . 
   but is that correct for today 's france ? 
  today 's france language is french for the vast majority of people and nobody only speak one of those regional languages . 
  they sometimes speak it in addition to french and many people only speak french and not the regional language ( especially younger generations hence why they 're dying ) . 
  so for an accurate map of today 's france , there would be no other language than french really . 
  of which football field are we talking about there ? 
  i 'm assuming real football since it 's euro and not dollars . 
  sadly this is what it is here in belgium . 
  as a french working and living in belgium , this is really the most outrageous thing in this country . 
  this is actually what caused the french revolution and numerous wars . 
  i did n't say he was hated by most , he 's pretty liked for sure but it 's not the `` savior of france and europe '' like i sometimes have the impression he 's considered here ( i do n't spend that much time here though ) . 
  like he 's liked , not loved and there are a significant number of people who do n't like him , france is pretty divided . 
  i think most people are in a wait and see approach , he did n't do much yet tbh . 
  we 'll see in like 6 months or a year how he is viewed by people . 
  he 's not that popular . 
  his decisive victory is mainly because he was against le pen . 
  there was 4 candidates who all had a shot to be president ( not much difference between the results ) . 
  hard to tell if he 's a good leader yet , he has been in office only one month . 
  he 's pretty hyped here in r/europe but he 's not that popular in france . 
   books , films , music , those are the big ones and we tend to forget them . 
  that 's a huge part of why the us is so dominant worldwide , cultural domination . 
  and it has a big effect outside their country . 
  they 're not anti-racist there , they are just racist , the other way than the more common one but it still is racism . 
  i actually did n't see it but it 's getting torn apart . 
  there was [ that segment ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wllc5gsc-n8 ) at least that went `` viral '' for how bad it is, 
  i do n't think you understand his question , he was speaking of where would be a `` europe hollywood '' . 
  if we count europe it 's london/uk , they already have a lot of productions from hollywood there and also produce quite a lot of tv/movies for international audiences . 
  if we count only eu ( as it will soon be ) , it would be paris i guess , i do n't think many other countries have an active cinema/tv production like france but even french stuff rarely gets out of france and similar countries in culture like ( french-speaking ) belgium or swiss . 
  it 's produced by a polish company ( platige image ) but will be shot in english ( as it should for an international audience let 's be honest ) . 
  it 's a live-action series . 
  harry potter is largely more popular than the witcher even now . 
  i 'm sure there are others . 
  but it is indeed an ideal time to attempt this . 
  platige is a polish company and they are the ones producing the series so it is actually . 
  netflix is just the one that will air it worldwide ( and that mostly pays for it ) . 
  it 's netflix though , we can hope a little more care and budget in production , they have done plenty of great shows . 
  let 's hope they treat it more ala house of cards , narcos or stranger things than like this bill nye show they just released ( which is one of the worst things ever ) . 
  but i suppose they have the ambition to make it their own game of thrones in a way so they should take care of it . 
  truth is netflix is letting the teams pretty independent on their projects so it depends of the people involved but the author is on board , producers from the expanse ( which is awesome ) are on , ... looks good for now . 
   ( and is ) paid disproportionately more by poor than the rich how so ? 
  vat is the same for anyone independing of your wealth . 
  and since rich people probably buy more stuff and more expensive stuff , they would naturally pay more . 
  if it was an amount of profits , you would see a lot of companies mysteriously not turning a profit anymore . 
  the point of an eu military alliance would be to not be nato i think . 
  so putting the hq at the same place might not look good . 
   france is also a superficial union and if you go back further enough france did n't exist if you go back further , none of the eu countries existed . 
  france is one of the oldest countries in the eu . 
  that 's reasonable but not really great for a union if we 're being honest . 
  eu is often described as a french-german alliance already . 
  putting all institutions in one of those countries would n't look very good . 
  belgium is great because it 's close of both of those important countries ( and have their languages as official languages ) while still being their own country . 
   if they do n't want foreign citizens voting on their country 's matters , do n't have foreign citizens in the first place . 
  yeah if anything , preventing people to vote ( including people against the death penalty which i assume is a big part of those in germany too ) is kind of anti-democratic to begin with . 
  it 's also useless because i do n't think she can prevent the referendum to be held in the embassady and consulates which are turkish soils . 
  uk ( or england too ) was also considered the `` archenemy '' ( i would use nemesis ) of france . 
  before germany actually . 
  then , we had some bad relations with germany ( who did n't really ? ), 
  and we became `` kind of '' friends . 
  some people ( which are wrong ) use the word `` chocolatine '' instead of `` pain au chocolat '' . 
  this is one of the greatest divisions of our country . 
  kind of like fuck in english really . 
  something that is coming soon and many of us have experienced in their lifes is the end of roaming . 
  from june 15th ( or earlier depending of your carrier ) , you 'll be able to go in any eu country and use your normal subscription for your mobile without any additionnal costs . 
  i feel like that was one of the last big `` inconveniences '' of changing of country ( apart from obvious languages and cultures differences but those are good ) and thanks to the eu , it 's over . 
  latin which is used for science words and the basis of many of the european languages . 
   it 's basically bringining together a region with multiples countries and very long history so with their differences , their culture and everything together . 
  also to remember , countries and cultures which have been at war constantly since centuries before that . 
  this is n't really the case if you consider far right . 
  for example , le pen was clearly not liberal , the opposite actually . 
  she was close to melenchon in economics for example which was far left . 
  left and right does n't really apply logically to extremes imo . 
  yeah like if they would be listened . 
  `` we decided to do a recount because someone which is n't french on reddit asked it '' . 
  also a recount when results are close maybe , when it 's that much , a recount would n't change anything . 
  typically those americans do n't leave their small city in the backwater of texas , utah or such states . 
  outside of trump supporters , i feel like us is much more pro-uk than pro-us though , despite the uk being your colonial power and the french fighting with you for independence . 
  of course , that 's pretty old now . 
  like uk and france had hundreds of years of war and hate but we were friends for the two ww . 
  they went for diplomatic victory on civ this time . 
  yeah france is the only eu country that can get to the level of germany economically and population wise ( enough that if france left eu , it would probablky crumble ) but on the other side , it also has an economy and way of thinking much closer from the southern countries ( spain , italy , . . ) than germany has . 
  let 's hope macron gets to the level but germany is n't that easy to negotiate with , they kind of impose their decisions on the rest of europe ( with countries like finland , netherlands and such supporting them in general ) . 
  can we expect some changes in political governance in germany ( i feel like merkel is there since 20 years ) ? 
  it was actually the left one between the twxo . 
  well it was to be against the british and we 're always there for that  . 
   capital of the european union brussels says hi . 
  you 're really optimistic there . 
  for all we know , every thing there could be worse in 5 years than now . 
  considering the other candidate is a corrupt fascist which has no idas on how to run the country and is also rich as fuck from her dysnastic family and corruption , yes i am confortable thanks . 
  yeah have not been of course . 
  social media has some influence i guess ( mostly fb and twitter and such , reddit or 4chan , not much i think ) on some people . 
  but it 's probably limited compared to something getting reported on tv , radios and such . 
  which is good , the majority of french voters are listening to french medias , not foreign ones . 
  to be honest , those last fake news have really been covered by french medias and that 's the main source of information from voters . 
  of course , there is still social networks stuff . 
  well depends what there is in this mails tbh . 
  also , it would still be clearly seen as an obvious election manipulation and that is actually punishable in france so if the fn is implicated they could be in `` trouble '' . 
  it really ca n't now .
