  but for russia is is big reason . 
  one third of soviet jews perished in world war ii . 
  the huge drop later is immigration to israel , the united states and germany . 
  spain does really a great work and grants the sephardi jews whose ancestors were forced to leave spain in 1492 citizenship . 
  portugal as well . 
  hi , as a german jew of russian descent i may answer some of your questions . 
  * poland did have so many jews for historic reasons . 
  middle and eastern european jews , the so called ashkenazi , hail mostly from historic german territory , especially in the rheinland , the towns of worms , speyer and mainz . 
  when the crusades started and later , for instance during the black plague in europe , jews fled from the persecution eastwards into the territory of modern-day poland which was divided between prussia , austria and russia at the end of the 18th century . 
  russia for instance defined the so called pale of settlement - an area where jews were allowed to live contrary to the rest of the country . 
  and most of this pale was in poland ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pale_of_settlement ) . 
  * russian jews unfortunately were not protected during world war ii since the germans and their allies managed to gain control of vast areas in the european part of the soviet union where the majority of soviet jews lived . 
  over one third of soviet jews were killed by the germans and their allies . 
  but the largest drop was when the iron curtain fell and soviet jews were free to emigrate into three states : israel , the united states and germany . 
  and 90 % left the country for a mix of persecution on behalf of their ethnicity ( especially on the job market ) and the economic situation . 
  the soviet union itself had an antisemitic agenda . 
  until 1991 ( ! ), 
  it was marked in your passport if you were jewish or not . 
  * on iceland : i honestly do n't know . 
  * i suppose you have to ask your local neo nazi . 
  or better not . 
  to defend churchill , for instance he was fighting laws in britain 1904/1905 which would deny russian jews fleeing pogroms admitance to the uk . 
  hell , a resurrection like schulz . . now that 's something !, 
  while the russian jews are anything but religious fundamentalists . 
  but there also was a shift in israelis who have been around in israel before . 
  socialist parties have been the leading parties for over three decades in israel . 
  a period of war for so long can not let any country stay that way . 
  most just called it super market . 
  until 1999/2000 we did n't even have the possibility to achieve citizienship by birth , only through blood ( lex sanguinis ) . 
  today it is possible but only after living for eight further years in germany . 
  on the soviet union : i was talking about prosecution of jews based on the ethnic trait of being jewish which was written in every soviet passport . 
  once again , not religion . 
   why is it also there is so many jewish people who support palestine ? 
  becaus us jews are n't a monolithic bloc of people but a diverse people with a plurality of opinions and views ? 
  walk in the next synagogue to you in europe and you will find more than 80-90 % of the people there in solidarity with israel . 
  no , i really invite you since it seems you 've never been in one . 
  also , you know , gaza would not get bombed if they stopped shooting rockets and using hospitals and schools as rocket ramps . 
  still a nice thing of the idf to inform the people around there by sms and blank rockets before firing . 
  you are safer from general crime but not from antisemtic crime . 
  you can not deny a rise in antisemitic crime throughout europe in the 21st century . 
  out of the 17 antisemitic murders i am aware of in europe in this century , the majority happened in france . 
  and as i stated : in the case of the kosher super market in paris , the media downplayed the antisemitic character of the attack . 
  they also never say that the only two women killed at charlie hebdo were jewish while all other women were spared by the attackers . 
  by the way , at least in germany the israeli ambassador and embassy do anything to combat antisemitims in germany and to support the future of german jewry . 
  ca n't speak for other countries . 
  does n't work that way in germany . 
   just because you are jewish it doesnt mean you have to support all israel does . 
  once again , this is exactly what i 'm saying . 
  what i am saying is that the vast majority shows in general solidarity with the state of israel itself , not every single action of the government . 
  also , it 's about ethnicity , not religion mostly . 
  israel takes in everyone who is jewish or is opressed because he is defined jewish . 
  the jews in the soviet union for instance were under heavy antisemitism despite usually being practically atheistic . 
  you may wish to enlighten me which these are . 
  it 's like you did n't read what i said at all . 
  i am talking about the majority of european jews . 
  did n't deny they are n't other opinions . 
  but still , the vast majority has relatives in israel , makes a taglit trip in their youth and votes pro-israel parties . 
  yeah . 
  the last number i read for instance was that 2/3 of french jews sent their children to private schools while decades ago it was not a thing ( source in german : http://www.juedische-allgemeine.de/article/view/id/27190 ) . 
  there is a difference between and rhetorics and actions . 
  we germans got better at !, 
  it 's belgium until you got so much up norht that the cows start looking better than the women . 
  i am aware that french identity is heavily based on common republican values and so on . 
  we wished it to be the same for a long time . 
  what i am saying is that despite that you have to know when to cut your ties and not to loose yourself longer in false illusions than necessary . 
  each time i visit my great-uncle in netanja , the french discret grows and grows . 
  in israel you have people and politicans standing up for you . 
  like literally . 
  like the mayor of jerusalem who took down a terrorist himself . 
  in europe most newspapers for instance do n't even recognize the terrorist attack on the kosher super market in paris was an antisemitic attack , simply referring to it by `` hostage '' . 
  since most europeans do n't know any jews at all or only a small number , every jewish opinion they hear is for them the one jewish opinion leaving aside that the vast majority of european jews stands in solidarity with the state of israel and is happy to have a harbour when things will go shit for them here . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  i 'm a jewish german and too many of us thought they were german , they would n't leave . 
  i have a friend with a grand-grandfather who fought in the german army in wwi and lost a leg . 
  he had a group of hitlerjugend boys visit him in the early days of fascist rule . 
  not realizing he was jewish they were sent to him to hear his patriotic stories from the great war and to learn self-commitment to the fatherland . 
  they left his house with a `` kill jews '' - jingle on their lips . 
  i am german . 
  i was born here , am a citizien of this country . 
  i have completed german high school with the highest obtainable grade and successfully applied for med school . 
  i am an active member of of political party and going to serve for a while in army after school . 
  i 'm fine with having my synagogue being protected by police 24/7 and i 'm fine with the thought that my grave will never find peace from vandalism . 
  and i 'm fine that there are certain parts in major cities where i could not wear a kippa . 
  but when things go the way they go in france : fuck all this shit and good bye . 
  hi , i 'm a european jew , consider myself an european , do not hate europeans and do not take part in any political conspiracy . 
  have a nice day . 
  lucky for you . 
  all those i met have never employed russian anymore after the wall fell . 
  wo n't make a huge difference . 
  eastern germans even if they learned russian usually do n't speak a single word anymore . 
  it says 5-9 % for germany , the 4 mil . 
  russian germans are already 5 % and they are distributed all across the country . 
  i hope everything will stay quite at the romanian embassy/consulate in bonn . 
  last time they voted we had riots because they either did not have enough ballots or the waiting time was too long . 
  to some extent , yes . 
  today they have anounced that their programe for state elections 2017 includes leaving behind coal energy within 20 years . 
  european countries do n't have that huge amounts of untouched nature . 
  national parks require a massive portion of such land . 
  instead naturschutzgebiete is a thing ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/naturschutzgebiet ) . 
  the forest is not that special .
