to nuke the world ? 
  sure but you 'd die in the process, 
  fair enough , i still disagree with your initial comment the past few years have been the least politically correct in a long time and i 'm still seeing a lack of viable solutions from those shouting the loudest about the same message as yours, 
  you 'll never be able to ` get rid ' of religion, 
  by saying see japan he could be implying a hell of a lot of things, 
  and i 'm assuming you know what each country truly is ? 
  whatever that means, 
  you want europe to be full of japanese people ? 
  interesting, 
  and your proposed solution is what exactly ? 
  what is the truth ? 
  that is n't what politicians are telling the brexit supporters within the uk, 
  not the case anymore as far as i can tell ? 
  plenty is a bit of an exaggeration . 
  it 's there , but there 's a lot more shit than quality, 
  are n't they emigrants, 
  i do n't expect much from trump supporters but that 's the one thing i doubt they 'd be happy with, 
  first amendment yo, 
  but russia did ... 
  you 're a mudslinger that op is talking about, 
  nothing could easily still happen, 
  your eloquently and well expressed argument against the eu is about on par with most leave voters, 
  learn to read, 
  might as well very ironic you 've created an account to comment this , though ? 
  as usual , no replies to my points and you go off on a completely unrelated tangent  if i learnt more about islam i am under no illusion that your view of it would differ from mine and you would never be satisfied with my point of view oh , and what war is that ? 
  another illiterate , please read if you 're going to respond and accuse me of agreeing with people that think offensive content is justification for murder we are not talking about the terrorists we are talking about the muslims who are protesting against charlie hebdo in london after the paris killings in the ch office . 
  my point perhaps should have been directed better , when i say : do you not think ch has produced offensive content at insensitive times , it is in reference to the protests taking place at insensitive times . 
  both ch and the muslim protesters are doing the same thing . 
  exercising their right of freedom of speech at insensitive times, 
  group a publishes insensitive comments ( rightly protected under freedom of speech group b kills group a claiming they are justified by their faith group c protests against insensitive comments made by group a ( again rightly protected under freedom of speech ) . 
  group c also declare group b to not be justified by their faith ( a faith which they apparently share ) the article linked is about group c , the muslims protesting against charlie hebdos comments . 
  are you saying that under no circumstances , group c are not allowed to voice their concerns with freedom of speech because violence has taken place and it is insensitive timing ? 
  another retard that ca n't read the two groups are charlie hebdo , and the muslims protesting in the linked guardian article that 's it , anything else you say you 've purely drawn from your own world view, 
  the thing is , if you were being funny it 'd be funny . 
  but i know that you are n't and are actually that stupid to misunderstand so many things . 
  which just makes it sad and depressing, 
  who is defending/justifying slaughter ? 
  well done on going back and rereading what i said before deleting your comment, 
  again totally avoiding my question and tries to get away with it by just slandering me i give up, 
   and if the name is not chosen to be misleading on purpose , and they actually do something regarding human rights from a islamic perspective , it is not they job to do satire . 
  but yes they can choose to publish this kind of things . 
  but they shouldnt be surprised what kind of backlash they will get . 
  so the only reason that charlie hebdo should not face a backlash is because they are specifically a satirical magazine , and were that from the outset ? 
  could you tell me how you drew that conclusion from that sentence ? 
  i would love to know, 
  dude it 's you who needs to think a little , just like the op you 've completely ignored what i 've said and are n't answering what i 've asked we know there was a terrorist massacre . 
  that is n't what we are discussing here . 
  we 're talking about the subsequent protests that highlight the constant vitriol directed against muslims , who some people here seem to conflate with the terrorists who committed the murders . 
  exactly - that 's my point . 
  the magazine has done the same thing in the past that the op accuses the islamic human rights commission of doing . 
  you ca n't defend the magazines publishing of evocative content and then slander someone else 's just because it 's associated with muslims/islam, 
  you 've decided to completely ignore all of my points or dismiss them without giving a valid reason on why you 're doing so, 
  a few points i 'd like to make in reply to what you 've said - do you think charlie hebdo has not produced offensive content at insensitive times ? 
  - your islamic human rights commission point is kind of funny to be honest . 
  it says this in the last paragraph :  `` massoud shadjareh , the group 's chairman , told the international business times that it was `` a satirical thing '' , and was designed to counter the image of muslims as `` dry and angry '' . 
  `` if people think muslims should be on the receiving end of satire , then why can not muslims give it , too ? '', 
  he said , adding : `` we have a sense of humour and we can give it back . '', 
  - why do you group the protesters with terrorists when you say `` we 'll stop the murdering '', 
  i 've said nothing that disagrees with what you 've said . 
  my initial quote was because i did n't like the implication i got from the `` remind us '' ( warn us ? ), 
  sentence . 
  to me that implies that there 's an underlying threat by the protest . 
  and if you are an advocate of free speech and charlie hebdo , then you should also understand that they are free to protest on the basis they disagree with what charlie hebdo has published . 
  no it is n't , but at the same time the massacre does n't negate their point either . 
  you could still go on to argue that charlie hebdo has continued to aggravate with the most offensive content they can create . 
  and while i agree with their right to do that and i assume you do too - that same privilege would apply to those muslim protestors regardless of what violence has taken place . 
  have you even read the article you linked to ? 
   a month later thousands of muslims march the street of london to protest against the caricatures and `` remind us '' ( warn us ? ), 
  that freedom of speech is not absolute . 
  what are you implying, 
  no it 's not ? 
  oh i get that , the country is very split yes and there 's hardly any productive discussion . 
  just like there was n't any during referendum campaign and looks like there wo n't be during negotiations from both the media and the public, 
  the op did n't put a good comment across by my god what a retarded response, 
  the cigarette and pint give it away , plus he 's next to trump, 
  do you live on a mountain somewhere or something ? 
  why do you think this is a reddit problem ? 
  this is going to be british news and the talk for many a month to come and all the things said on here are being said or thought across the country and on other social media, 
  so you blame countries fucking themselves entirely on their black and muslim populations ? 
  cool , assuming you 're from the uk ? 
  is the stuff a lot cheaper over there, 
  they have marks and spencer 's in cr ? 
  we hate you for your freedom ? 
  what, 
  not as funny when they have serious influence and control national issues, 
  yeah not gon na happen the next few years are gon na be a disaster in terms of news and politics . 
  gon na become more divided than ever and remainers like me are gon na be accused of being undemocratic traitors simply for pointing out realities and simplicities . 
  fun times ahead, 
  lol i would n't blame anyone for feeling like that . 
  our tabloids are shit and a good proportion of the populace seem to be buffoons who have completely ignored the practicalities and complexities of he situation, 
  we 're an enemy now ? 
  see we 've gotten to the point where i ca n't be sure if this is genuine sentiment or sarcasm . 
  i 'll go with genuine this time but it could easily be the other way rouns, 
  i mean i agree we ca n't keep having referendum after referendum , and obviously it was a massive oversight not to require a supermajority first time round which is why i think it 's a relatively fair compromise to offer a referendum on the final situation/deal . 
  british population votes both on the initiation to leave the eu as well as the final deal that is offered . 
  after that we use the regular procedure of parliamentary democracy to achieve political goals, 
  if there is a vote and the percentages change , that is the exact definition of democracy in action, 
  you say we could n't deport him because of liberal parts of the legislation the reason we could n't deport him is because there was basis for assuming jordan would torture him if he was deported there for whatever crimes they would charge him with, 
  it was to with torture pretty crucial to a human rights bill, 
  saying the seat has been held by the conservative party,
