  got it . 
   double twice quadruple is the word you 're looking . 
  no he did n't , that was just bollocks someone made up for their book . 
  we 'll get the french to take them out , they enjoy screwing things up with us . 
   so whatever good outcome the brexit would have is what should be printed on those fliers . 
  i 'm not sure putting a blank sheet of paper through everyone 's door would be much use . 
  i did 10 for ontario , got 40 % . 
  so yeah , guess i 'm staying in the uk . 
   what are lobby groups for ... getting in the way . 
  was n't an option though , oddly . 
  the union jack one 's easier if you know the individual flags . 
  wales does n't have a cross , so the union jack ca n't have 4 crosses , it can only have england 's , scotland 's , and n. ireland 's . 
  got the peers one wrong , and had a brain fail and mixed up cyprus ( sorry greece ) with gibraltar , so got that one wrong too . 
  the driving test one 's phrased badly imo . 
  bikes are 16 are n't they , ca n't you use them on a provisional license ? 
  i 'm not sure why we 're not doing better than we are . 
  we 're an island that has a load of rivers for fuck 's sake , ca n't we harness that with a load of hydro-electric plants or something ? 
  are they a character from the hunger games ? 
  is that kingpin ? 
  they have to pick a european nation to host if they win . 
  so no . 
  ah , the french woman 's in blackpool . 
  we love you malta . 
  8 points from san marino \\ o / and 4 from the czechs , too . 
  can we vote for these to win ? 
  makes sense , one of 'em 's welsh ( dunno which one , and i ca n't tell them apart anyway ) . 
  this would make a fantastic `` name the song/artist '' quiz . 
  molly was fucking horrific , so that 's not much of an accomplishment . 
  which stadium was our video filmed in ? 
  they were in liverpool shirts , but the stands were way too small for anfield . 
  i hope that pun 's intentional . 
  this is why epileptics ca n't have nice things . 
  the last one lit up , it was more like a pip-boy . 
  those bastards . 
  probably part of the tv license change they 're bringing in . 
  we 'll get the best cheer of the night if the people in that spinny wheel fall flat on their arse . 
  did she just start singing in english , or did i instantly learn italian from listening to it ? 
  it 's going to take a miracle to heal my ears after this . 
  this really reminds me of something , but i ca n't think what the fuck it is . 
  can you use iplayer 's stream , and tap in buckingham palace 's postcode if it asks for one ? 
  how do you push start an automatic when the battery 's flat and there 's no-one around with jump cables ? 
  just checking , you do know the difference between being arrested and being charged , right ? 
  if people make complaints to the police about something , you 'll get arrested and questioned because it 's standard procedure to get the facts straight . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.military-today.com/helicopters/westland_lynx_l1.jpg ) is also a lynx . 
  we have quite a few of that type . 
  summer 's here , boys !, 
  until sunday , then it 's autumn . 
  i 'm the same way with firefly ... :(, 
  we could , but ... the yanks are asleep , so fucking around with their flag is much more tempting . 
  why does ukraine 's russia flag have a much brighter blue than the other russian flags ? 
  there 's r/findareddit , and also the more accurately but much less used r/findasubreddit . 
  of course , did n't you know that america has more people per capita . 
  i think a lot of the problem was that the polls all said remain would win , and the way the leave campaign was run was a shambles with what were obvious lies . 
  that then gets remain-favouring people into the mindset that `` we 'll win anyway , my one vote wo n't make a difference '' , which is fine until hundreds of thousands across the country all think it and do n't tick a box on the day . 
  no muzzle-flash from ( what 's likely supposed to be ) an ak-47 ? 
  [ you 're taking the piss , right ] ( https://youtu.be/o1agvsnse7y?t=43s ) ? 
  we had one 7 years ago . 
  if we 'd lived in ireland then , we 'd either be stuck with a kid we do n't want now , or have had to travel back to the uk for a day or two to get rid of it . 
  if a government is mandating that a life-changing accident is out of your hands to reverse , it 's not a good situation to be in . 
  i 'd be tempted by ireland , if their abortion laws were n't so incredibly backward . 
   is it fine to make it so that a baby cant even exist based on financial reasons ? 
  yes . 
   not likely to happen i wish i shared your optimism . 
  may is revealing her cards . 
  the only problem is that it 's the two jokers . 
  the yanks who came to the uk during ww2 were given [ something like that ] ( http://hardscrabblefarm.com/ww2/britain.htm ) so they would know how to behave . 
  reintroducing a modern version of them should n't be too difficult . 
  it 's a screenshot of something from place ( reddit 's april fool thing this year , r/place ), 
   are n't polish people lynched in england ? 
  there must be a reason they want to buy some from us , though . 
  either the things they buy from us are cheaper than the alternatives , or they 're higher quality than the alternatives . 
  if they 're cheaper and we stop selling , they 're going to have to either pay more for the same amount of stuff from elsewhere , or pay the same amount but get less . 
  if they 're better quality and we stop selling , they 'll have to use weapons of a lower quality instead . 
  in either case , by refusing to do further deals with the saudis , we 'd be making a difference to their ability to keep their wars going . 
  another tornado in service would n't be a bad thing . 
  such an original joke that no-one 's ever made before , did you come up with it all by yourself ? 
  add the tv remote to that list . 
   should have gotten permission from the right person . 
  they 'd have to wait a few years for that , the right person is the one having a lump of cock lopped off . 
  it 's somewhere to hang your keys , i suppose . 
  the black hole that imported mail goes through and is never seen again . 
  during our recent election , buzzfeed 's coverage of which seat went to which party was actually ahead of the bbc for about half the night . 
  which one , gandalf or merlin ? 
  we never have been particularly good with referenda . 
  hey , elmo 's not * that * bad . 
  no prime minister for britain is better than a bad prime minister for britain . 
  [ [ 1d20 ] ] + / u/rollme, 
  death by a thousand sanctions . 
   the twisting in this mental gymnastics is amazing . 
  mental gymnastics is the only exercise they get . 
  heat combined with humidity , multiplied by buildings designed to keep the heat in because we 're ( usually ) a fairly mild damp country , means that it gets pretty unbearable indoors sometimes . 
  the planet as a slightly damp rock hurtling through space is fine , yes . 
  the life * on * the planet is getting more than a little fucked by climate change , though . 
  the portuguese jake gyllenhaal 's looking nervous . 
  katrina leskanich , her band won eurovision in '97 with [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/love_shine_a_light ) . 
  once ? 
  five times ( so far ) !, 
  walking on sunshine ? 
  looks like she 's walking on the thames . 
  oh fuck off , ireland .
