you could always make yourself an island in the middle of the mediterranean or something . 
  there 's a madeleine mccann joke in there somewhere ... 
   there are even lcd screens inside the bus that show advertisment but also useful information like weather would n't it be easier ( and cheaper ) to just have a poster saying `` if you want to know about the weather , look out the window '' ? 
  are they old london buses that we sold you to pave the way for our new ones ? 
  the colour scheme makes me think of ice-cream vans . 
  i like the way it says xxl . 
  is it modular , could you put more of the small x sections in the middle , to make it an xxxxxl bus ? 
  pence , or pennies . 
  colloquially , shrapnel . 
  we 'll have the kettle on ready . 
   not loving their obsession with ukip most of us do n't like ukip . 
  the problem is , those who do are pretty bloody vocal about it . 
  they 've been built on the assumption that america qualify for the world cup . 
  thanks . 
  iron pipes , by ikea !, 
  joking aside , any chance of a translation ? 
  should n't you be off blowing stuff up , or whatever it is you do in your oh-so-young country at this time of year ? 
  i kind of want costa rica to win . 
  stuck a bet on the dutch though . 
  is it only a rivalry because it wo n't officially be a war unless the yanks win ? 
  he 's german , but he 's managing the yank team . 
  so do the spanish . 
  doubt it . 
  for all the `` two world wars and one world cup '' banter , we do n't generally have much hostility towards the germans now . 
  hell , quite a lot of the people i know ( both real people , and posters in / r/soccer ) were supporting germany against the yanks purely because of the kind of comments the yanks would be using . 
  they still are ( or at least they were a couple of days ago , no match yesterday obviously ) despite us no longer being in brazil . 
  so many interviews with woy , and speculation on england 's future , it just gets cringeworthy . 
  can we call it the `` european union , representing our people 's empires '' ? 
  or europe for short . 
  they really should have czeched their geography before printing the label . 
  wars have been started with one bullet . 
  3 tanks is more than enough for things to escalate . 
  i remember that quote from the end of downfall . 
  if it was n't for the dutch ( and specifically [ cornelius vermuyden ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cornelius_vermuyden ) ) , where i grew up would 've been underwater . 
  if the sea levels rise , all we 'll do is raise the sea banks ( and probably build a few more ) so it ca n't get over the top , and build more pumping stations for those rare times that it does . 
  surprised wales is n't either rose gold , or lamb . 
  of course , it would n't surprise me if the entire uk was lumped together as one entity for the sake of this map . 
   the number of people out of work in the quarter fell by 133,000 to 2.21 m compared with the previous three-month period . 
  to be more accurate that should read `` the number of people claiming job seekers ' allowance '' , and the figure does n't include people that have been either thrown off it completely without finding a job , nor those who have been sanctioned and are n't getting paid for however many weeks . 
  [ zero-hour contracts ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/jobseekers-face-losing-benefits-if-they-refuse-zerohours-contracts-9324724.html ) probably help massage the figures a lot as well . 
  their points-giver guy decided to rap for the whole thing , including who got the 8 , 10 , and 12 points . 
  can we fix it ? 
  yes we can !, 
  or the wombles . 
  yay , points from spain . 
  that 'll be all the ex-pats checking in . 
  nicky . 
  i think it 's nicky byrne , from westlife . 
  finland ... what the hell ? 
  not 12 !, 
  fuckin ' irish cunts :d, 
  or we could go the `` decent singer '' route . 
  send adele or someone like that . 
  thanks norway !, 
  the yellow tellytubby . 
  they 're annoying . 
  remember when we walked away with 0 points ? 
  you 're welcome :p, 
  no graham , she 's in blackpool . 
  saves time . 
  * puts # 5 on a riot if russia wins *, 
  to be fair , the yanks do n't understand most of the stuff that happens on this side of the atlantic . 
  no-one expects the danish inquisition . 
  but ... you 're german ? 
  how the fuck are you not drunk ? 
  ... get out !, 
  fuck me , it 's the theme song from peggle !, 
  they 'd never have done that to wogan . 
  very . 
  cheering her getting off the stage . 
  it was appalling i reckon . 
  so that 's why the post was late . 
  that 's one way to get yourself a few more votes :d, 
  every step you take , by the police !, 
  if there 's a venn diagram of crap , awesome , and cheesy , denmark are slap bang in the middle of it . 
  twenty-six . 
  plus the winner goes again , and last year 's winner gets played . 
  i bet he took the stickers off instead of doing them properly . 
  anyone else 's cat ( or dog i suppose ) just go mental at the whistling ? 
  the dress should get a few votes at least . 
  or he 'll use it as part of his campaign . 
  `` do you want ... 
  this lot ... associated with us ??? '', 
  no , she did n't . 
  watch angel . 
  yes . 
  we 're on last . 
  jokes ?!, 
  this is no time for jokes , eurovision is very serious business . 
  the one that is n't leonardo dicaprio ? 
  \\ #what ` safuckinghashtag, 
  and now we have a transvestite , with the song rise like a penis . 
  not . 
  want . 
  you missed ukraine . 
  they 'll probably win though , so you 'll get to see them at the end . 
  he looks a bit like nicolas cage . 
  when they introduced this bloke i was expecting some kind of rock/metal act . 
  this ... this is not what i expected at all . 
  the end of that was like ymca for people that ca n't spell .
