but at the moment those numbers are n't that high . 
  what those numbers will be in the future is just speculation . 
  actually they can . 
  why could n't they ? 
  why are they entitled ? 
  they were asked if they like the food or not and they answered honestly . 
  would you prefer them lying ? 
  what car ? 
  that 's actually about the same as what you 'd get in germany . 
  why ? 
  if there is a high chance of dying then yes . 
  no snow ? 
  to a war zone ? 
  back to where ? 
  i think he means intervention more like what ireland did now . 
  where do you see him saying anything about invading ? 
  turkey is a secular state though . 
  efficiency, 
  why hire them if you can make them work for free in exchange for dropping the charges ? 
  i like not sharing a border with iran , iraq and syria at the moment . 
  i know . 
  i still do n't understand your point . 
  they do n't need to harbour negative opinions to be provoked . 
  i thought those do n't exist ? 
  make up your mind . 
  it 's not about you though . 
  why not ? 
  what about the example i gave about ? 
  yea frankfurt is not really city . 
  it 's more a village with a financial district . 
  if you do n't come for the financial district then better do n't come at all . 
  but why would the one thing be diversity and the other one not ? 
  you can be provoked though even if there is no truth in it . 
  or brandenburg . 
  i do n't know enough about the situation to decide wether it 's racist or not . 
  i never avoided the question . 
  it was n't addressed to me . 
  yes , the post before said the parade is racist and the reply i commented on said `` how is this `` racist '' though ? 
  islam is n't a race . '', 
  like the fact that islam is n't a race means that the parade ca n't be racist . 
  that 's a different form of diversity . 
  i 'd argue that enclaved communities provide more diversity than everything melted together . 
  both can decide for their own obviously . 
  i do n't see how i undermined `` my authority '' in any way . 
  i do n't see how i would have authority anyway . 
  you do n't have authority about anything or anyone when it comes to opinions . 
  people can think whatever they want . 
  does n't mean i have to agree . 
  the post i replied to implied it . 
  no one ever claimed you ca n't be homophobic against muslims though . 
  i do n't understand what you 're trying to say . 
  very good point . 
  you sure convinced me now . 
  it 's even in the name . 
  it 's about pride . 
  if they do n't have a job then leaving stockholm wo n't make it easier to find one either . 
  not really, 
  no , he 's probably referring to the actual stormfront posters that post their bullshit here . 
  nobody stands up for theocracy . 
  where are you getting that from ? 
  the leftist parade will also be a gay pride parade . 
  the only difference is that it 's not going to be organized by homophobes . 
  most of the time it is . 
  why ? 
   it 's only provocative if we admit that abrahamics tend to have homophobic/transphobic views . 
  that 's not really true . 
  it 's also provocative if they * think * they have homophobic views . 
  if some conspiracy guys would organize an anti-new world order demonstration through a jewish area then it would be provocative too . 
  he never said it 's the best way . 
  it does n't ? 
  and without a job ? 
  how is that not diversity ? 
  it 's also not like those areas are completely segregated . 
  provocation, 
  you can support an oppressed group without sharing all of their beliefs . 
  just because islam is n't a race does n't mean that you ca n't be racist against muslims . 
  where is it biased ? 
  i have a question to all the experts here : if someone would ask me `` do the netherlands and france share a border ? '', 
  would the answer be yes or no ? 
  for example on a quiz . 
  the kingdom of the netherlands and france share a border on saint martin but would it count ? 
  or is the question ill-posed ? 
  you ca n't tell women to use condoms if they do n't want children ? 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  i do . 
  wait . 
  northern ireland does n't count as great britain ? 
  i always thought `` great britain '' and `` united kingdom '' were interchangeable . 
  [ here is a video of the attack ] ( http://webtv.radikal.com.tr/turkiye/15377/suructa-patlama-ani.aspx ) . 
  nsfl maybe . 
  not really graphic but still ... 
  we do all the time ? 
  how do you know ? 
  looks like you 're right . 
  weird way to define migrants imho . 
  the thread is about migrants , not refugees . 
  there are much more countries in europe though . 
  and most of them are much smaller than germany or the uk . 
  because european countries alone are too small . 
  the future will have no place for small nation states .
