  their dream is to see the western world collapse and the poor souls who jump on dinghies are the useful idiots . 
  prior to the socialist primaries , valls signed a paper he agreed on the principles of the exercise , e.g. 
  he would support the winner . 
  he did not . 
  this made him look like a man without honor or conscience . 
  the same can be said of sarkozy and this is what ultimately did him in : in 2012 he said he renounced politics to come back 4 years later and try and become president again . 
  now there 's one politician who has proven to be honest anf truthful : lionel jospin . 
  he lost elections in 2002 and decided to withdraw from politics . 
  despite still being a bt popular , he kept his promise . 
  despite being a very fertile country , france has a fairly low density for its latitude . 
  same population than uk but more than twice larger . 
  similar numbers for italy . 
  it is 1.6 times larger than germany yet has 20 % less people . 
  the reason is mostly due to inheritance rules . 
  instead of having the elder inherit the farm or the castle , property had to be divided up equally between heirs . 
  this cause people to make less children to prevent farms from being cut up , and led to a sustained demographic deficit . 
  with its resources , france could sustain 120 to 150 million people . 
  this makes it a fantastic place to visit mainly because low density means plenty of `` undiscovered '' villages and landscapes . 
  like aveyron . 
  good old ~ ~ colonies ~ ~ overseas territories, 
  france being `` un-cucked '' would lead to the collapse of the eu , which would be a very sweet revenge for vladimir putin and by proxy donald trump . 
  and andouillette , and snails , and frog legs, 
  yes , but france has a pretty wide range of foods, 
  i wonder why, 
  yes , and the goal was to reduce the chance of regional revolts , combined with the philosophical movement of bringing enlightenment to all , starting at home . 
  also in 1871 france had been defeated by a newly unified germany and forcing everyone to be 100 % french was a way to make it more patriotic , paving the way for the revenge attempt that ultimately came in 1914-1918 . 
  a factoid on how they forced french in villages . 
  teachers that came to a region were from another region with a different local language . 
  the only common language could be french . 
  because hsr are not coordinated in the south . 
  but trains like thalys and eurostar are crossing borders seamlessly . 
  he will not do it . 
  that 's like trump saying the mexicans will pay for the wall . 
  this makes for great soundbites for his flock , but will fall off the `` to-do '' list soon enough . 
  theresa may not be fully aware of how deep the shit she 's into goes . 
  le pen is where she is precisely because we 've chosen the `` less bad '' options forever . 
  we are driving downhill with no brakes on a winding suspended bridge and no railings . 
  there is no solution today but to get macron , but next will be le pen or philippot . 
  in 1958 there was n't a lot of extremism per se . 
  actually mainstream opinions were rather extreme , like french colonialism , racism , french superiority , and the pcf which was at 25 to 30 % . 
  france was extreme to today 's standards . 
  and information was controlled by an autocratic regime under de gaulle , with obedient journalists and rampant censorship . 
  about the chances of le pen , i was referring to the comment about someone with the most votes would deserve to win . 
  but with ratios in the 20s you do not represent the people , yet technicality and backdoor deals allow you to govern . 
  macron is the de-facto heir to hollande who happens to be the most unpopular president of the 5th republic . 
  this system is broken . 
  yet the tea party fringe was made possible and ultimately made a virtual takeover of the gop . 
  the us system is such that it will always lead to 52/48 . 
  if you 're losing the mid-terms due to losing on a new trend , you 'll make alliances and correct . 
  if france had a us style electoral system , the parties would progressively merge and align their policies into a 52/48 system . 
  any deviation from the electorate would be met with a painful reminder like the nader issue of 2000 . 
  after this dnc debacle dems learned to better include the environment in their policies . 
  no system is perfect but i do like the us one . 
  as opposed to 24 % ? 
  melanchon called for a 6th republic . 
  there 's that . 
  and it is bad how , exactly ? 
  are there better opinions than others and how can we get our `` correct thinking permit '' in this system ? 
  if democracy does n't listen to the people , the people will eventually get rid of this democracy even if they are the first ones to be hurt . 
  this should be a cautionary tale , but somehow politicians keep their head in the sand . 
  no the system was n't designed with le pen in mind . 
  it was a system designed for de gaulle . 
  plus what if le pen had had 24 % and macron 23 % ? 
  would le pen be justified to win ? 
  not with this system . 
  the reality of france is that a majority are for a stopping of the immigration debacle , but that due to this electoral system , they will have to choose between a shitty corrupt fascist fn or mainstream parties with no interest in stirring the pot . 
  i like his social program , his keynesianism , but am against his migratory policies . 
  a guy with 25 % is virtually guaranteed an election because all the other parties decided to sideline 20 % of the electorate . 
  it is collusion and messes with the will of the people . 
  1 - the 5th republic is a quasi presidential monarchy created in 1958 . 
  it is too old and prone to corruption by a cast that self-replicates . 
  2 - what is ** my ** candidate ? 
  you are assuming a lot of things . 
  the eu is broken . 
  it should have reformed itself after brexit . 
  it did n't . 
  screw merkel . 
  screw junker . 
  they should have listened . 
  screw macron . 
  the last thing we need is a bankster in charge . 
  staying home . 
  tired of voting for guys who will destroy the system i want to keep because `` otherwise it will be chaos '' . 
  politicians need to listen to the people , and not shareholders or banker . 
  or are maybe tired of having a broken electoral and political system . 
  what will it take for politicians to listen to the people ? 
  a resounding crash landing . 
  see you in 10 days . 
  this kind of overreaction is precisely why we 're there today . 
  any kind of solution offered since the 70s has been met with resistance . 
  it was easy to do in 1975 ( simply let the visas expire and let the people go back as planned ) , then the legalizations of the mitterrand years , followed by the years of `` there 's nothing we can do '' . 
  now we have a giant unmanageable mess with no clear and clean solution , because they 've all been tried . 
  at each crossroad , the choice or non-choice that was made made a clean exit more and more daunting . 
  the current situation is similar to taking the wrong exit on the freeway and saying we can not go back to our original road because it would be dangerous . 
  we need to define what 's the actual road we 're supposed to be on . 
  but ask most of the french , and they 'll tell you the current road is not working at all . 
  ngos are packed solid with anarchist and extreme left activists who just want to see the western world collapse . 
  the migrants are simply a tool to them to achieve their personal utopia . 
  ngos are packed solid with anarchist and extreme left activists who just want to see the western world collapse . 
  the migrants are simply a tool to them to achieve their personal utopia .
