because, 
  went there in the late 70s, 
  sick burn, 
  not sure about oil . 
  france still managed to keep a sizable piece of real estate in southern america . 
  we have a ( porous ) border with brazil !, 
  and a chunk of the amazon forest !, 
  france [ has the largest eez in the world ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/exclusive_economic_zone#france ) . 
  new caledonia , guyane , french polynesia , mayotte , reunion , kerguelen , walis + futuna , st pierre + miquelon various west indies islands etc , etc , etc. . . close second comes the us . 
  sick burn, 
  don camillo and pepone . 
  the priest and the communist mayor . 
  the communist mayor was made to resemble josef stalin of course ... 
  yeah me too i had a few vhs that got worn at specific places, 
  that 's not wrong . 
  add to that the fact that the `` simple workers '' tend to be more easily exploited through work , consuming fads , indebtedness . 
  there 's money in the poor , as is proven by the very shady payday loan business . 
  and they have very little in terms of tools to defend themselves against such predators . 
  they get exploited , get into trouble , hate the world . 
  as a westerner i would say they 're shooting themselves in the foot big time . 
  they 're basically throwing themselves back 100 + years . 
  but look at it from the view of someone left behind in our modern globalized and highly complex world . 
  they see their own poverty , inadequation , obsolescence as an injustice and not the product of their lack of education of vision . 
  and they see a religious order as a way to gain the power they can not have today . 
  they would regain power from their westernized women . 
  they regain power from the cosmopolite educated class that has the good jobs and cars and money . 
  they regain power from the western world they perceive as having stolen them their pride . 
  the good parts , specifically, 
  when travelling in europe americans are advised to put a canadian flag on their backpack . 
  this makes them look harmless . 
  nobody fucks with canadians . 
  because nobody cares . 
  once california becomes independent , will you give up the . ca domain and go to the . co.ca where you belong ? 
  hello , us phone code buddies with a british queen . 
  ever thought of growing up and going your own way ? 
  til . 
  i ran out of gas 3 times with my eldo . 
  all 3 times i looked at the gauge with still a bit of room then 10 minutes later i was dry . 
  another time i pushed too hard on the gas and broke a transmission arm . 
  really ? 
  one day i backed up into an iron barrier . 
  not a dent though the barrier was twisted . 
  the bumper had collapsed into the body , but a crowbar took care of that . 
  pop it out and you 're golden !, 
  not . 
  one . 
  scratch . 
  giant gold coins . 
  oops . 
  or any gm of that year . 
  wan na get the full `` boat '' experience ? 
  get an eldorado , preferably convertible . 
  71 to 76 are all similar . 
  and the engine is a 500 , not a smallish 225 . 
  decently affordable for such a monster . 
  but get ready for 10mpg on a good day . 
  mine ranged from 8mpg to 12mpg depending on driving . 
  front wheel drive . 
  be gentle with gas , the transmission arms could n't be made strong enough for the power . 
  i did try a 72 buick convertible . 
  probably an electra . 
  the seller was a very fat lady and the leather was sticky as fuck since this was in the san fernando valley where people will sweat a lot . 
  i did not buy it . 
  hello hat, 
  - london . 
  - house music . 
  - enough said . 
  i did my erasmus in 88 in london . 
  there was a drought that year and the pub on campus had a quid-a-pint beer . 
  i 'd say that was a great fucking year . 
  one issue of the west with the rise of political islam is that they have no idea how to stop it from infecting their own countries . 
  as a result , they will look for any acceptable compromise , like a moderate islamism that would still respect the basic principles of democracy . 
  since 9/11/01 they 've been desperately looking for a system/regime to support that would quiet the `` arab street '' and provide a non-destructive islamist counterpoint to the barbaric is and taliban infecting everything . 
  ever since the failed arab spring we all know there is no viable example of a long-term model yet . 
  the sooner we understand it , the better . 
  islam and democracy do not seem to mix . 
  and repatriate the citizen that ostentatiously hate our guts . 
  never gets old . 
  catch-22 / brain freeze, 
  while keeping their membership paperwork to the bottom of the pile . 
  hey , you 're almost dutch yourself !, 
  as a response we should get a chinese flag and burn it in place of the turkish one . 
  then erdogan will call us nazis as he always does . 
  right ? 
  we should have kept you guys ( and belgium ) after waterloo . 
  and luxembourg , to make all of this less confusing . 
  we love you guys, 
  send a shitload of lighter fluid with the package . 
  they 'll need it badly . 
  looks like `` zeytin '' which is the turkish word for olive, 
  french writer , french singer but [ luxembourg entry ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cv9nizgmsi ), 
  british press accused of hijacking passchendaele commemoration to split up eu, 
  who needs to fight when you have nukes . 
  france and the uk are both nuclear powers . 
  fuck you akp . 
  there 's a trend of nan kebabs in france . 
  instead of pita break you 've got cheese nan . 
  many owners are from northern africa and not turkey . 
  / r/emuwarflashbacks https://www.reddit.com/r/emuwarflashbacks/comments/6athoa/homeland_under_threat_our_glorious_nation_has/, 
  ngos are stacked full with idealist that are either anarchists or trostskists .
