  you 're not alone . 
  anyone else 's eyes hurting from trying to squint at such an itty bitty map ? 
  it 's already been paid for through paypal , so if it never arrives then i can always get my money back . 
  i just need it before mid-july , so i can wait . 
  the bond vigilantes did a great blog post about this and matched cds curves to the percentage of men in a similar age bracket still living at home . 
  rather interesting chart they came up with ... http://www.bondvigilantes.com/blog/2011/10/20/mummies-boys-the-number-1-variable-for-predicting-eurozone-sovereign-stress/, 
  yeah , that 's what i gathered from the first bit of video 1 . 
  i did n't continue watching it because i have other things to do , but that was definitely the theme . 
  i do n't know . 
  i realize that roma were mistreated for a long period of time , but there comes a point where a community has to begin taking responsibility for itself and it seems like there is an absolute lack of any sort of communal responsibility ... 
  if you want to talk about the personal stuff and everything else in your final paragraph , drop me a line via pm . 
  ok , i 'm about 13 minutes into the first video and have one question as an american expat ( been in austria for many years now ) : 1 ) there are men complaining that the eu built them a little football field instead of houses . 
  why the hell do n't they build their own houses ? 
  get a job and build a house or rent an apartment or something . 
  i know the east of slovakia is very poor , i have met people from there and work with people from there , so obviously there might not be any work available . 
  at the same time , though , why not move somewhere where work is available ? 
  i do n't terribly understand the whole `` gypsy situation '' in europe . 
  i realize that roma have been treated as second - or even third-class citizens for centuries now , but i 'm wondering if it 's entirely their own fault ? 
  there 's a building near my apartment here in vienna that is occupied ( from what i can tell ) almost exclusively by roma and when school is in session , i always see the same kids just lounging about . 
  when my friends ' kids are in school , i see roma kids just lounging about in the sun or playing outside . 
  why are n't they in school ? 
  it would be lovely if someone could perhaps explain it to me ( in german or english ) , because i frankly do n't understand and would very much like to . 
  perhaps we even have some roma members here on / r/europe that can shed some light ? 
  i did n't call it shit , either . 
  i used the word `` shit '' , but not in a manner that implies that the music itself is shit . 
  i have a bulgarian friend that i play poker with and always tell him to turn on his playlists of goofy bulgarian pop/dance music . 
  here 's a video from liana , one of the biggest names in bulgarian music : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgostvm2bvg now tell me that does n't sound extremely different from other balkan stuff ? 
  man , i wish i had that playlist from my friend so i could illustrate my point better . 
  in all seriousness , though , do n't get your panties in a wad about it . 
  i know the threads in romania in / r/europe are some of the biggest circlejerks around , but there 's no reason to get defensive about anything that i said . 
  where did i say anything was in portuguese or spanish ? 
  if one were to go by the popular music in each european country , then just about everything south and to the east of austria-hungary is balkan . 
  i 'm serious . 
  listen to serbian , bulgarian , greek , etc. 
  pop music - same shit , different language . 
  that 's certainly one way of putting it . 
  that 's rather poor form considering much of europe used to be run out of vienna back in the day . 
  a lot of people simply fail to realize that the warsaw pact and the ussr were two different things . 
  certainly in the ussr things were pretty crazy but in the other communist countries it varied from country to country , just like today within the eu . 
  honestly could n't tell you , but i know that a croatian friend of mine says things were never really that bad under tito , at least not in the croatian part of yugoslavia . 
  i have no real idea about bulgaria , though . 
  yeah , a bulgarian friend of mine from sofia was telling me that there are also certain sections of the city that you do n't talk bad about communism unless you want a beating . 
  he also emphasized that primarily the older generation misses the good ` ol days . 
  haha , nope . 
  just gruber . 
  i can attest to gruber being quite common in austria . 
  around my girlfriend 's home there are a number of homes owned by people named gruber and they 're not directly related . 
  like i said , the true power . 
  i would say this disassociation from politics is even worse in the southern half of the country . 
  i 've personally never been to italy but i 've watched a great deal of documentaries and especially in the southern half since the mafia is really the true power there , no one really seems to care what happens in rome . 
  well , certainly there are many that care , but it seems that they 've largely given up any real hope . 
  thanks for posting the source !, 
  true , but if you 're not in one of the fields ( teachers and medical assistants ) where there is a surplus of workers , then the salaries are ok . 
  he said himself that a programmer can make $ 1000 a month and that 's not too bad when you compare beer prices . 
  especially considering op also commented on the fact that since utilities are state-owned that utility costs are negligible . 
  big picture . 
  i 'm sorry , but usd 2 for a .5 l of beer is not expensive - at all . 
  unless you live in some college down serving $ 1 beers , but then that 's more water than beer . 
  in vienna , austria , beer is around $ 3 - $ 4 ( average is about $ 3.50 ) . 
  yea , the russians can be pretty bad in the ski towns in austria from what i 've heard . 
  the submarine scandal aside , this is actually quite hilarious when you consider the fact that when applying for eurozone membership , greece fudged their numbers in all sorts of ways ( with the help of goldman sachs ) in order to make their numbers appear correct . 
  two examples : - income from the athens airport was booked as already having been received years in advance , as if the greek ministry of finance had a time machine or something . 
  what they were going to do when those years actually arrived , who knows . 
  - greek military expenditures , the highest within the eu on a per capita basis , were not booked when the money was actually paid out but rather pushed into the future at the expected date of delivery of whatever crap they ordered . 
  got ta love shitty accounting . 
  also , fun fact about greece at the same time : virtually nothing in the ministry of finance was digital . 
  most calculations were done by hand and everything was collected by hand-written notes . 
  source : `` der gro\u00dfe euro-schwindel : wenn jeder jeden t\u00e4uscht '' - a documentary that aired on ard , a german tv channel . 
  very well done . 
  here 's a [ link ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8evip9qepw ) to it on youtube , though it 's only in german without subtitles of any kind . 
  perhaps someone might be able to find one with english subtitles ? 
  according to google translate , the french term ( `` equipe p\u00e9dagogique '' ) means `` teaching staff '' in english . 
  hardly a professor . 
  referring to hungary 's actions as similar to nazism is pretty bad for an austrian politician considering the country itself still has n't fully come to terms with its own past in many respects . 
  that being said , hungary could certainly handle the situation better and everyone knows faymann is a bit of a buffoon - the absolute idiocy that has come out of this man 's mouth during his tenure , particularly since this crisis began escalating , has been an absolute embarrassment . 
  what does worry me is how right-wing this subreddit has gone ... 
  i remember discussions on posts here being much less `` radical '' ( for lack of a better word ) . 
  methinks you are n't aware of the costs of imprisonment ... 
  * ebola 's just a scary virus . 
  and it 's not like the most recent outbreak was done on purpose . 
  * 9/11 - yeah , that japanese one was pretty freaky . 
  * not terribly surprising given the strategic advantage . 
  it 's generally advantageous to control the land that is connected to one of your most important naval bases . 
  i do n't recall this one ... * marines preventing terrorism ? 
  that happened a few times in his books . 
  there was the one against the ira , then the rainbow six bit in the plane and probably others i 'm forgetting . 
  clancy was always connected to the military , especially high level strategic stuff . 
  hang out with enough soldiers that have been around a while and been around the world a bit and just from drinking with these types of guys you learn a few things . 
  now imagine you 're an author and you have ready access to these types of folks and you can use them for inspiration . 
  this is something the hard left often likes to ignore . 
  the world is a scary place . 
  while there are most certainly limits that should be placed on what clandestine agencies can do , one needs to recognize the fact that terrorism has been around for a long time , initially driven by the ussr , which just snowballed over the decades . 
  the cold war screwed the world up very badly and skewed things to a great degree . 
  then you figure in saudi money flowing into fundamentalist groups , a disbanded iraqi military and just general discontent in the middle east thanks to cold war policies ( from both sides ) and you 've got a powder keg . 
  `` the chickens have come home to roost , bobby boucher ! '', 
  use your ears . 
  we 're the loudest ( but politest ) bunch of mother fuckers around . 
  switzerland ? 
  try europe . 
  let 's not act like the rest of the continent is some bastion of acceptance and tolerance .
