except if russia did any long-term thinking , they 'd be an economic powerhouse within a decade . 
  the chinese are playing it smart , they 've got the long game in mind and that 's why they 're a threat to the status quo . 
  imagine if russia did that ... 
  fp\u00d6 is never winning any elections . 
  they 'll grow but actually winning again ? 
  not likely . 
  although , and it absolutely pains me to say this , they are the only party that is cutting through a lot of the bullshit and actually trying to discuss things that are important whereas the \u00d6vp and the sp\u00d6 are merely concerned with preserving the status quo and the greens are simply too disconnected from reality . 
  neos is worth voting for but they 're too disorganized . 
  the political landscape in austria is horrible ... 
  that image of the austrian taxi is no where near authentic ... 
  the make of the car is correct ( generally ) , but no average taxi looks like that in vienna . 
  then that should have been said and not extremely detailed information on where this innocent girl lives . 
  why post something like that ? 
  i 'm sure she has nothing to do with whatever is going on in the kremlin . 
  take your comment down . 
  nope , do n't have the time . 
  getting married this week . 
  that 's some pretty poor logic there ... 
  both sides . 
  when i posted my original comment a great deal of the comments in here reminded me of that article that got posted in some other sub ( maybe even this one ) last week about the russian government hiring folks to post supportive comments of russia on newspaper articles , social media , etc. 
  in order to generate support for russia and start debates and make the other side generally look stupid . 
  some of the comments were so blatantly pro-russia and trying to draw the line from ww2 to today it was horrible . 
  then you had other people on the opposite extreme doing everything they could to discredit russia as a country both in the context of ww2 and now . 
  this thread reads like a bunch of shills ... 
  ** one of **, 
  think long-term , though , and think it through . 
  the uk is part of the eu and has a great deal of influence and already managed to negotiate a number of exceptions for itself . 
  uk companies can trade within the eu with a great deal of ease and do n't have to worry about tariffs or other annoyances that go along with international trade . 
  not only that but the eu levels the playing field by a hefty margin . 
  the uk is also a voting member and again , has great influence within the eu . 
  imagine if the uk * left * and gave up its voting rights and gave up its influence - at that point the eu is free to do whatever it wants with the uk , including telling it to fuck off . 
  want to give that up ? 
  this article from the new statesman does a much more eloquent job of summing up the arguments , though : http://www.newstatesman.com/blogs/politics/2012/07/what-would-it-mean-britain-leave-eu, 
  it 's not quite as simple as that ... 
  there are a great deal many more factors that come into play . 
  interest rates , economic outlook , etc. 
  leaving the eu would be economic suicide , though . 
  the eu is one of the uk 's most important trading partners ( if not * the * most important ) - to leave it would to also give up any right to deciding in what direction the uk moves and thereby give up any chance to influence the uk 's economic future . 
  if you , even as a skilled laborer , are assuming that your job is safe , you 're wrong . 
  the economy has been rapidly changing and you can either change with it or get left behind . 
  it * sucks * , but that 's the way it is . 
  that being said , austria offers a lot of retraining programs to help individuals that want the opportunity to transition into job fields with a higher demand for labor - does the uk ... ? 
  unskilled labor is ( almost ) always about one thing : cost . 
  unfortunately i do n't know the exact date but i assume march 2014 . 
  i pulled it out of a colleague 's publication and he copied out of a report from fitch . 
  if you 'd like i can ask him for the fitch report . 
  the source is at the bottom of the image . 
  i would call the spanish real estate market a classic example of a buyer 's market . 
  just imagine if you decide to buy in volume the kind of discount you 'd get off * current * prices ... 
  ok , not entirely sure how the faculty is here in austria - i just study at uni , i do n't work there at all . 
  what the hell university was he from ? 
  that 's perfectly acceptable among the computer science students . 
  hell , our student union is always staffed and the fridge is always full with various drinks and we have our own kitchen . 
  i do n't think # 7-10 are very accurate . 
  as to # 8 - you can drink just about anywhere you want in vienna . 
  no one gives a damn . 
  # 3 is also correct and while i do n't smoke , i just lean back away from the smoke , blow it away and then folks usually get the hint real fast . 
  i would say most smokers are considerate in the presence of non-smokers ( unless you 're spending time with a bunch of anti-social morons ) . 
  typical ... does n't even mention austria . 
  probably ca n't even locate it on a map . 
  ( * anyone that makes an australia joke or any reference to kangaroos gets my boot in their ass * ), 
  where is that located ? 
  do you mean from hungary into austria ? 
  the germans and austrians have both ... 
  clearly the parisians are too busy protesting and going on strike to install proper plumbing . 
  you 're really comparing apples and oranges with that comment ... 
  so you 're saying the developed world , including the usa , should just say `` we give up and we are no longer going to spy and just get all of our information from cnn and wikipedia '' ? 
  i 'm sorry , but do you realize how naive you sound ? 
  the us makes computers and hardware ? 
  news to me . 
  i thought it was all china . 
  let me preface this comment with this statement : unwarranted blanket wiretapping and spying of private citizens is * wrong * and can not be defended under any circumstances . 
  now that i 've said that ... can we please finally get over this ? 
  let 's not act like germany does n't operate intelligence officers out of its embassy like * every other country in the world since the dawn of time * . 
  i 'm not privy to the details of germany 's current intelligence operations and how large they are , but during ww2 and the cold war germany had spies just like every other country . 
  espionage is a part of diplomacy . 
  if you have no idea what the other guy on the other side of the table is thinking , you have a very high risk of conflict , which typically means war . 
  you think the current negotiations over iran are taking place without some understanding of how the leaders ( or their people ) think ? 
  they 've gone exhaustive analysis of each person ( and so have the iranians ) involved so that way they know what kind of person they 're dealing with at the table . 
  if you 're someone of importance within the government you can better believe that there are attempts to spy on you . 
  it 's been that way since the dawn of formalized diplomacy ( around the time when genghis khan was roaming the steppes with his band of merry men ) . 
  without intelligence officers international relations would be like stumbling around in a dark room . 
  i remember when obama was still president elect and there were several newspaper articles about him and his blackberry . 
  he loved his blackberry because he used it to stay in contact . 
  unfortunately the intelligence arm of the us government and the secret service were losing their shit because he used it for everything . 
  they had to prepare a very secure and locked down version of a smartphone for him so that way he could do what he wanted but also do it with security and encryption . 
  [ source ] ( http://news.cnet.com/obamas-new-blackberry-the-nsas-secure-pda/ ) we can certainly aspire to a time where everyone is open on everything with everyone , but let 's cut the bullshit and exercise a bit of realistic thinking . 
  that 's not the way the world works . 
  hell , whenever you travel into china on business you 're targeted for industrial espionage ( and no one is holding china 's feet to the flames - it 's just an accepted part of doing business ) . 
  it 's highly recommended to never actually type a password into your laptop after going through chinese customs , especially if they took your stuff to the side to examine , because it 's likely they downloaded a keylogger onto it . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/in-china-business-travelers-take-extreme-precautions-to-avoid-cyber-espionage/2011/09/20/giqam6cr0k_story.html ) again : unwarranted wiretapping and spying on private citizens is wrong . 
  no argument . 
  but if you 're in the government you can better believe you should be taking precautions on your own if your own security officers are n't doing it for you . 
  if you 'd like i can probably make an updated version tomorrow . 
  it 's an older analysis but still quite relevant , i think . 
  you might appreciate this chart : http://www.bondvigilantes.com/blog/2011/10/20/mummies-boys-the-number-1-variable-for-predicting-eurozone-sovereign-stress/, 
  clearly you 've never been out with real austrians . 
  as an american expat living in austria , i * love * this country . 
  geeze , you must be a real sad old fuck . 
  this is very new , though .
