it nice to know we 're not the only country with out of touch religious leaders . 
  no more so than anywhere else in the world . 
  exactly regardless of our differences on how we will change and progress in the future , there are many things we can agree on and we should do those things first and go from there . 
  so like every other country out there then . 
  if we could build a machine to harvest the misery we could export that power too . 
  those suits they 're wearing look cool , but awfully flammable . 
  again go through your own tax books and look at the rebates and special tariffs created to keep jobs and investments in your country . 
  it 's very easy to blame us , but ultimately we were poverty stricken until recently and this helped us get out of it . 
  well that was a load of bollox but no can claim to be innocent . 
  vw is only now being sued and by citizens not the government , countries prop up their biggest employers the only difference being is we are up front about it . 
  it can be justified , i 'm sure if we go through your tax books there 'll be lots of rebates and tax exemptions ( maybe even lower that 12.5 % that we charge ) . 
  not all companies stash this money either , its reinvested and allows the company to grow . 
  we do n't all have to charge the same tax rate and theres an economic reasoning behind charging lower . 
  simply claiming were a tax haven does n't make it so . 
  no i mean france and germany are n't going to be punished for it but look at greece and other small countries . 
  that is n't fair if it 's an eu rule . 
  and that 's why people are getting fed up with the eu , one rule for the big guys another for the rest of us . 
  why would anyone knock that down , it 's beautiful . 
  says alot that it seems reasonable for that paper . 
  the daily mail just sounds like it 's inviting people to murder . 
  sounds like harry potter money . 
  in ireland we sometimes call it a yoyo . 
  as in `` i got a pint last night , it cost 7 fuckin yoyos ! '', 
  except for reality which is currently going over the uks head right now . 
  i would n't worry much about it , at the present rate most freight coming or going to ireland will soon be on a ship going around the uk rather than through it . 
  of course you do , but the actually proportion where it is appropriate is tiny compared to the amount it is actually done . 
  leaving the eu should always be on the table for each country , we do n't need to pledge blind obedience after all . 
  but it should be put in a drawer and not used to intimate/wave in other people 's faces like some people do . 
  you 'd also not need a snorkel every time it rains . 
  wifi on trains !, 
  ireland has large patches with no coverage at all . 
  it just looks really odd without the u even though for all intents and purposes it is no different . 
  thought only the us spelt colour without the u. 
  have you ever tried to fence stolen goods ? 
  compared to cash which can go in your pocket most things are bulky and have a very low resale value . 
  it depends on your needs really , you can bring your own food onboard , most luggage is reasonably priced beyond that what is there to screw you over on . 
  let 's just remember it used to cost # 300 to fly dublin to london until ryanair came along . 
  i never got the budget airlines bashing , they make travel affordable for many people and as long as you follow the rules they do n't charge extra . 
  they even make others cheaper , it 's 100e or so to barcelona with aer lingus . 
  god bless ryanair . 
  because the therapy had not been tested on any humans or even any rats for that matter . 
  and he was most likely suffering serious brain damage by that stage.of course we should protect life but a dignified death is everyone 's right and this kid had an untreatable terminal illness . 
  are you lady zauberer of imdb ? 
  haha . 
  do you mean post french revolution ? 
  surely the beheadings would have ended alot of nobility lines . 
  sex mainly , the rest are virgin births . 
  ssshhh , it 's funny to watch . 
  the last time i was in tenerife every time we went for breakfast a woman put out towels despite there being ample room even at 1pm if so . 
  the economy is a little more complex that that i think . 
  especially on a small island with a export lead economy . 
  it 'd be a very small eu if we did that now . 
  i personally have no problem with a fair tax system but you have to realise most of our growth depends on foreign investment , we were literally a second world country until the late 90s . 
  you 'll also find alot of eu countries have little laws or rules the others find unfair or against the eu . 
  i 'm sure we could all sit round and find problems with each country and kick them out , or we could fix the problems . 
  your just fighting over a party , you may as well put on your grandpa slippers now and start shouting at the tv . 
  you argue it should be a private thing , well for most people it is and it 's still an issue , there 's a guy in belfast that has had his car windows put in over being gay and he does n't walk around the streets with a ` gay and proud ' t-shirt . 
  oh gee , it 's this argument again . 
  $ 20 ryanair ticket back home . 
  how about the band queen harpooning a whale . 
  i wan na see a picture of a queen harpooning a whale . 
  but if they did n't do this what would everyone tut at ? 
  redundant statement is redundant . 
  translation : if you criticise us we 'll claim your being un-british . 
  they drown , are the british going to drown too ? 
  more like the floor is economic security . 
  tim needs that fancy new smartphone each year despite the most taxing app used being angry birds . 
  should n't she have cut off her nose ? 
  because she has in real life . 
  of course you should have a say but a large majority of people will benefit from this , even if it 's just once a year on holiday when they do n't have to spent time with their loved ones to watch the latest memes . 
  it 's not all about you you know . 
  there were large protests in london during her funeral and effigies burned in northern england , that and some celebration in northern ireland but no actual parties there . 
  clearly you have n't seen the belfast christmas dinner bombing man . 
  turn those doctors into civil servants to write them , they 're smart . 
  i for one welcome our new european overlords . 
  he should extend the ban to audi 's too , then people 's exhausts would remain dick free . 
  nationalism is always highest with second generation immigrants , those that have never lived in the country to realise why their parents left but have heard all their propaganda . 
  aah lots of sex obviously . 
  not in the government , a large proportion of the people see the issue differently . 
  or watch a shared movie projected on a screen several rows ahead , with all the good parts cut out to minimise the risk of offending anybody . 
  shit that 's good , do you get to keep the credit ? 
  well if this is the reaction over a song contest the whole brexit issue should be a whole lot worse . 
  he 's a tory councillor . 
  if this is how they 're acting over a song contest the next 2 years will be interesting . 
   we voted out even with our opt-outs and rebate . 
  anything less than the exact same conditions , and public opinion will be well and truly against being in the eu . 
  then no eu for you , in the event of asking to rejoin the cards are well and truly not in the uk 's favour . 
  honestly i 'm ok with that , i can get stuff delivered to my parents in the north and go visit them as i live in the south with a devalued pound . 
  but certainly it wo n't work long term . 
  you 're practically explaining this whole spat calling it childish but they 're the ones who want to leave so should n't it be their issue ? 
  it is n't the eu 's fault this is happening , external border security is paramount imo and ireland is n't any different . 
  it 's the uk 's issue and they should be left to foot the bill essentially , they knew this was an issue and ignored . 
  even a substantial proportional of northern ireland 's population is oblivious voting for it in the end . 
  i do n't disagree but it just does n't seem like a practical solution . 
  yeah but there 's like 2 points of entry there . 
  where as there 's 700 odd miles for ireland . 
  no because they 're already in the uk and ireland is now separated by a border and it 's an eu border now too . 
  ireland would n't have to accept them especially from an non eu member . 
  yeah but if they dont get asylum in ni they , they get asylum in the uk so they can move to a facility in england to house them . 
  on the plus side nice new lake in central europe .
