  you take a student loan , but you earn more than # 25k a year after graduation . 
  =  you start paying a modest sum every month ( # 30 ) . 
  what do you mean `` i 'm not able to pay loan + interest '' ? 
  how can you not be able to * not * pay for something , since you do n't pay anything * until * you can ( or until x years then gets cleared ) ? 
  do you understand how nonsensical that is ? 
  well , brush up on your reading comprehension skills then if you do n't understand . 
  you said you ca n't afford it , this is obviously false . 
  if you want to say `` well , i do n't want to take on student loan and it 's therefore too expensive for my preferences '' then ok , but do n't use words ( i.e. , ` affordable ' ) whose meaning you do n't know . 
  no , you did n't . 
  you said that amount is n't affordable for you , but it is n't a point at all because they do n't ask you to give any money until you reach a certain income ( at least for undergraduate loans , but that 's what this is about anyway ) . 
  so if you have no money , it costs you nothing . 
  that is * affordable * . 
  you do n't pay it back unless you can afford to , so it 's a moot point . 
  for me [ it is this song ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1rh7ay3cii ) . 
  it seemed to be that barcelona is a much nicer place to live in than just to visit , though there are quite a few things to see . 
  bah , the national anthems just put me to sleep . 
  much too outdated but people get conditioned to like them on account of patriotism of sorts . 
  oh asturias , some things never change . 
  no , we are n't the descendants of time-travelling romans , we * are * the time-travelling romans . 
  it looks pretty cool in person , actually . 
  i like it . 
  the opposition party missed sucking the blood of the nation , considering the current milkers of the country have been doing it for the last 2 election cycles . 
  just politicians politicking . 
  maybe . 
  both major parties ( or coalitions , depending on date ) rig the votes , question is ... who did it better ? 
  like i said , you 're simply delusional and it 's impossible to have a dialogue with since all you see is in either black or white . 
  if you had any reading comprehension you would 've known that i said nothing pro-pdl . 
  as to how does this relate to the president getting impeached ? 
  it does because it 's good to know whether the replacement will be better or worse , and by all accounts it will be worse . 
  what he forgot to mention is that this is nothing more than a ( somewhat symbolic and idiotic ) power struggle , considering the elections are coming soon this year , and that the guys that are doing the whole impeachment thing are a lot of the same pre - '89 communists and they operate in the same way . 
  for example , the pm has a false master 's degree on his cv ( which he now removed ) as well as a doctorate which he plagiarized very clearly ( think copy-pasting dozens of pages ) , and the pm 's mentor ( which supervised his doctoral thesis , ha !, 
  ) , a dude called adrian nastase was recently condemned to prison for acts of corruption , but a fake suicide attempt was fabricated so he could evade prison a bit longer ( medics on the scenes testified that the bullet just scraped him , but he was given special care and treated as if it was near fatal - all as a public spectacle endorsed by the psd party , with even the minister of internal affairs ioan rus trying to give nastase a way out ; this guy btw , rus , says stuff like `` since aristotle and plato onwards * all humanities doctoral students * have plagiarised in one way or another '' , this is in regards to the pm 's plagiarising scandal ) . 
  in short , you can safely ignore photism because he 's sort of a fanatical anti-pdl guy , which would be ok cause they 're all dirty too - though not to the extent of psd - , but it seems he can only see the bad doings of one party , which is unfortunate and provides a narrow view of things . 
  it 's funny , he makes a generalizing remark with which you take fault with but then go on and make the same one !, 
  awesome . 
  of course he has a choice , moving countries . 
  so many naive people itt thinking that he actually gives a shit and could 've made a difference . 
  why ? 
  he has a point , just like you do . 
  yes , some people will still do it regardless , but if it 's illegal that dissuades others from doing it and just going along with tradition , so hopefully it dies out over time ( slowly but surely ) . 
  this a good measure against an irrational tradition . 
  reminds me of when i used to go to the stadium once a year , always went when the local team met a certain other ( not as highly rated ) team ( purely by chance ) . 
  it always ended up badly even though my team played so well vs everyone else . 
  it 's so weird . 
  that 's awesome . 
  bucharest is a very beautiful city , but you need a certain aesthetic sensibility and also to avoid just circling the centre of the city hoping that 's where everything is at . 
  it 's my favorite european city not on a coast . 
  i ca n't wait to visit portugal after uni , my language skills will be good enough to converse with locals and i 'll be free of the chains of education , yay !, 
  too late , i 'm so hungry waiting for my chicken to get roasted ... 
  i 'm also masochistic , apparently , because i watched it with an empty stomach . 
  future electronica song name . 
  to be honest , from what ( little ) i 've seen since i 've been in england ( almost a year now ) , it does seem to be more anchored in the past , at least compared to romania . 
  it 's subtle but pervasive . 
  not overly so , though . 
  am i to understand only people from / r/europe who do n't understand satire commented ? 
  well , that 's sad . 
  i only feel european when i listen to ` rome ' . 
  otherwise , i do n't really feel like anything . 
  it was never marxism , man . 
  even the first implementation was a brand of `` marximsm-leninism '' , which was being overly generous just to have a big name in there . 
  it 's very interesting , but from what i gather of politics , people in governments act in accordance with what the system draws them to , so even if good people want to change things , if the system wo n't permit it ( and i mean here the whole power relations between political groups ) then they ca n't really do it . 
  more on this in [ `` the logic of political survival '' . 
  shit always starts in the balkans , man . 
  just look at the last , oh , 300 years of history . 
  you think that matters for their voters ? 
  if anything , they rather prefer it . 
  `` an iron hand is what 's needed '' , i kid you not . 
  works especially well in rural and otherwise poorer areas . 
  nothing new . 
  this is much more pervasive , unfortunately . 
  reminds one of elena ceausescu 's unsatisfiable desire for diplomas and honours from wherever they visited . 
  am i reading this wrong , or is the whole affair just absurd ? 
  all the commotion over a tweet expressing good luck ? 
  edit : nvm , found a better written article and it 's clearer now . 
  though still silly , overall . 
  that 's because in a large part minorities , in particular hungarians , were seen as subversive by the government and especially by ceausescu . 
  and if you look at how the 1989 revolution [ started ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_revolution_of_1989#timi.c5.9foara_protests ) it 's not hard to understand why . 
  besides this , relations between the romanians and the hungarians were n't very cordial in the last few nine hundred years . 
  which , of course , i 'm not offering as an excuse , but as explanation ; in the end , it 's the little man that got fucked regardless of ethnicity . 
  for me it 's japanese , portugese , german ( with an austrian accent ! ), 
  and i 'm currently learning the last two of those , though i do n't know if i will ever try japanese , but it sounds wonderful !, 
  also , spoken poems in romanian are very mellifluous , i love it . 
  i used to think i liked french best but once i actually listened to how french people spoke it did n't sound as good as how i imagined the pronunciation . 
  my favorite so far . 
  100 drachmas one is so cool with the statue !, 
  the 100 one is fantastic !, 
  haha , italians voted romania as least hardworking . 
  i guess all those immigrants finally take their toll . 
  when you make a claim that 's based off of someone else , you have to pinpoint the exact location of that : author , work , edition , time , page , etc. 
  that makes it easy to verify . 
  when you have a documentary making the all-encompassing summary presentation ( this is to a certain degree due to time constraints and format ) where you usually just have author and - maybe - work , then that 's poor referencing ( plus , you could argue it would be awkward to fill the documentaries with detailed citations , but that does n't detract from the latter point of poor referencing ) . 
  yes , you can e-mail the makers of the docu , and they may or may not have the info you require , if they respond . 
  that 's not adequate , for the same reason you would n't accept that kind of info being withhold from a book or article . 
  as for what you see in a documentary , well , that 's fine , you can analyze that , but the bigger and more important question is : what * do n't * you see in the docu ? 
  and that 's also a big problem with docus , because seeing an interview with some witness is all fine and dandy , seeing footage , likewise , but what about what 's not shown ( maybe what ca n't be shown ? ) . 
  remember the quote that can be taken out of context . 
  just to take a random example , let 's say we have a video of a cop beating a woman , and that 's when the footage starts , but prior to this the woman threw something at the cop with the intent of injuring . 
  now , if you see this footage you 'd be appalled at the brutality of the policeman , but that would be a mistake because you are missing important parts from the story . 
  now imagine you add video editing and music aimed at exaggerating the emotions of the footage . 
  it 's a fine line between entertainment and rational inquiry .
