when the islands were polled it showed 82 % support for staying with scotland . 
  the do n't knows ( 10 % ) even outnumbered those wanting to leave scotland ( 8 % ) . 
  the only place this is even entertained in the mind of tavish scott . 
  i 'm in the north east highlands , i go to shetland frequently . 
  no one who has been there would actually say this crap . 
  at least you got a mention and at least it 's not the stupid stereotype . 
  i think it comes from [ yes minister ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yes_minister ) . 
  well i think it 's important to point out that not all ` gypsies ' are roma , there are other travelling communities . 
  and perhaps some elements of these communities are destructive or negative . 
  positive generalisations can be just as bad . 
  for example most ` gypsies ' in the uk are irish or english travellers . 
  immediately branding someone a racist or bigot when they 're trying to make a legitimate point is counter-productive . 
  the way the british media paints it , no one wanted junker but he got in anyway they were also trying to do some character assassination . 
  it 's complete and obvious bullshit but idiots will believe it regardless . 
  no fucking a , b , c or d, 
  nice graphic and i 'm possibly focusing on a single point too much here but i really would n't call the electoral commission independent they have a history or being biased or just ignoring dodgy stuff . 
  most recently we have their impotence in the alternative vote proportional representation referendum in the uk . 
  there has been some discussion and stories about approaching the organisation for security and cooperation in europe ( osce ) and requesting that the subordinate office for democratic institutions and human rights ( odihr ) deploy an election monitoring mission . 
  this has intensified somewhat after the john robertson uws media bias study - http://www.opendemocracy.net/ourkingdom/john-robertson/bbc-bias-and-scots-referendum-new-report, 
  getting money would probably be easier . 
  yeah a good chunk of british expats are a complete bunch of cunts . 
  you missed out the really dodgy water . 
  there 's an ongoing joke that st andrew 's is n't a scottish university . 
  st andrew 's probably has the highest percentage of non-scottish students . 
  personally i fight for others to be able to say whatever they want however distasteful so that i 'll be able to say whatever the hell i want . 
  what if the government or people of the day deem it ` hate speech ' - really dislike that term by the way - to discuss homosexuality in a positive light ? 
  what if they deem it hate speech to criticise the government ? 
  damn , if only we 'd known . 
  not sure if being sarcastic but there are other countries with just as unique a history . 
  different countries have different tax laws with different * wordings * . 
  why the hell are the commentators here posting a generic us interpretation of things . 
  surely by that logic what 's left of the uk after scotland leaves - because it 'll be a new entity also considering how the uk first came into being - will have to reapply to all positions it currently holds . 
  an englishman who fought the english to save england from the english . 
  well i mean it 's prime aberdeen stock , so i 'm not really sure . 
  how does 3 virgins sound ? 
  if you have any with skills or experience we can negotiate . 
  would you be willing to consider a goat or a sheep ? 
  the key part in that statement being `` bribe to get id '' i imagine not everyone in the camps can afford it . 
  well what 's the point of everyone discussing at length and then agreeing to legislation if they are n't going to at least try to follow it . 
  then have the gall to claim that sanctions could be imposed if others do n't help or if they follow the legislation . 
  all germany has done is exacerbate a problem . 
  by germans i mean the government obviously , not the people of germany . 
  yes , and then you have germany and sweden * inviting * the economic tourists to come to their countries . 
  blatantly ignoring and violating the legislation also under dublin ii/iii any asylum seeker crossing the border into another country needs to be returned to the country where they first arrived and claimed asylum . 
  germany is the one who decided unilaterally to suspend the legislation . 
   one of the principal aims of the dublin regulation is to prevent an applicant from submitting applications in multiple member states . 
  another aim is to reduce the number of `` orbiting '' asylum seekers , who are shuttled from member state to member state . 
  the country that the asylum seeker first applies for asylum is responsible for either accepting or rejecting asylum , and the seeker may not restart the process in another jurisdiction . 
  you mean like following dublin ii , because every other eu nation is following dublin ii , it 's germany and sweden , etc that are n't . 
  why should other eu nations share the responsibilities of countries that go against eu legislation , international law and convention . 
  it 's entirely possible the political situation in sweden could change and they 'd be deported , nothing is really guaranteed . 
  hell i know a few guys in denmark , i 'd quite happily live there . 
  no idea why they do n't want to . 
  if given a choice of sweden or denmark i 'd choose denmark actually . 
  a syrian drowns off the coast of turkey trying to get to canada . 
  blame europe ... 
  i guess the propaganda is working . 
  we seriously need to build a statue of that guy mid-kick at glasgow airport . 
  that 's basically a war cry , combat has already been declared for the woman - https://i.imgur.com/roachc0.jpg, 
  stuff is more expensive . 
  have you seen how much mortgages , rent or electronics in the uk cost ? 
  also gdp ppp is n't really a good measure of wealth . 
  you mean english and welsh students in the britain of course . 
  i get a small amount of enjoyment watching / r/uk sputter with impotent rage . 
  i 've seen a ton of stories about the voting system they were all okay with when it went their way . 
  yeah , there 's a history or rushing things through at the end of a parliament though and hoping they 'll stick . 
  both scotland and northern ireland will be exempt from this so i wonder how that 's going to work : http://www.scotsman.com/news/uk/scotland-exempt-from-tories-human-rights-act-axe-1-3559633 http://www.theguardian.com/law/2014/oct/03/northern-ireland-good-friday-human-rights, 
  eisenhower was made the supreme commander because of his ego and because he made such a big deal out of it . 
  essentially they put him ` in charge ' to shut him up and stop him complaining . 
  there are documents discussing it that essentially say this . 
  he was then a self-aggrandising glory hog about it . 
  the us refused to use several technologies and devices the british used which made their landings easier , considering these things to be `` too weird and british '' . 
  everything the us gave to britain was eventually repaid back in the 2000s it was n't like it was a gift or anything and there was an element of self interest . 
  considering potential japanese and german interests . 
  you best not be insulting my fine [ scottish cuisine ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scottish_cuisine ) or you 'll have made an enemy for life . 
  does it control for age , weight , fertility treatment , idiots who want a ` natural birth ' . 
  obviously a healthy polish woman in her 20s is going to do better than an unhealthy british woman in her 40s into some new age crap . 
  damn snp , deliberately improving public services . 
  the bastards . 
  that in and of itself is an absolute statement . 
  perhaps some sith do n't deal in absolutes . 
  totally not the british empire of anything like that . 
  according to this map no one in the us has scottish ancestry ... no idea what all these tourists i have to put up with are doing here then . 
  i believe the us agreed to abide by eu regional protection laws . 
  specifically : * protected geographical indication ( pgi ) * protected designation of origin ( pdo ) * traditional speciality guaranteed ( tsg ) in one of those trade deals . 
  that 's whisky damn it , not whiskey ... well at least you did n't call it scotch . 
  the guy judging that contest has known prejudices and issues with scotland there 's also the attention he got from that decision to consider , not really something to worry about anyway . 
  i thought the us agreed to abide by some of those regional protection laws in the eu in one of those trade deals ? 
  specifically : * protected geographical indication ( pgi ) * protected designation of origin ( pdo ) * traditional speciality guaranteed ( tsg ), 
  poland can into winning and beings number 1 . 
  at least with a president you do n't have to support every obscure member of their family or give every relation a job . 
  i 'm with you on this one mate , but not much people can do about it . 
  in the uk we even support 3rd and 4th cousins , members of the royal family very unlikely to ever be the head of state . 
  maybe we should isolated these disrespectful people somewhere ... why are you filled by fury at such things ? 
  something , something , no true scotsman . 
  while we 're at it , let 's not class the uk as a single entity . 
  i want some money from : romans , scandinavians , anglo saxons , normans and english . 
  i think we all need to get together and go after those bloody romans . 
  no idea , i 've never even read it i just remember all the stories at the time and the author doing the tv and radio circuit to promote it . 
  i think it 's based on data from the charities commission .
