how about you fuck off first , commie ? 
  tons of obvious arguments ? 
  show me five reasonable arguments that i can agree with , and i ca n't prove them wrong . 
  `` stupid uneducated nationalists will ruin my country !!!! '', 
  or `` now we will fall apart and trump is nazi ! '', 
  do not count , sorry . 
  you just assumed i did something i did not . 
  now you 're mad about me doing the same ? 
  right , if you compare uk monarchy to nazis you should be out . 
  suggesting that saudi arabia , zimbabwe or north korea follows true monarchy . 
  poor argument . 
  i can say that democracy brings us rioters like in usa , where leftists , pro-democracy people , will threaten you , try to beat or kill you , because you do n't follow their ideas . 
  by the way , if we are reaching poor arguments , let me have one too . 
  you would love to live in nazi germany , wo n't you ? 
  there was democracy in times of hitler , were n't there ? 
  was n't he elected by democratic people ? 
  uh , why wo n't you just join neonazis then ? 
  well , if someone is scared of debating , it 's only his loss . 
  to me , staying in government that is essentially `` let total idiots be equal to people with greatest minds '' is absolutely absurd . 
  yet , you praise it , even thoug i am sure it 's easily beaten by monarchy . 
  no matter how crappy our king would be . 
  see , we got different lessons from history and general reasoning , it seems . 
  to me , let 's say , a king will rule at his best , not following his own self interest , but he will take good care of his country . 
  democracy has been proven as `` let dumb people rule the world '' , as people often do n't even know who they are voting for , they are not interested in it , they do not care , they only believe what they can see in their favourite tv programme . 
  after all , it 's easier to overthrow one person , than hundreds of them , is n't it ? 
  so of course one single person will be scared to rule bad , or to make his people angry . 
  if they get angry , he can lose his throne , or even more . 
  if hundreds of people rule poorly in democracy , we have to wait said amount of years to change anything . 
  but still , people can be fooled , paid or something else to vote for evil-doers , so nothing will change . 
  it 's long and complicated . 
  long story short though - i personally believe there should be just one person to rule , basically i support monarchism . 
  yes , i am against democracy . 
  not all of the people should decide , that is for sure . 
  most of them is too easily manipulated , bribed , etc. 
  and , as someone who is against democracy , i appreciate that some people 's voices counted more . 
  this is , however , not a trump topic , so i think we should go back on topic , if you do n't mind , to avoid offtop . 
  you know how it works in usa . 
  that is your system . 
  accept it , instead of demolishing your country . 
  still , that 's their system in usa . 
  that is how it works . 
  people should accept that . 
  worst ? 
  best , i 'd say . 
  he let people speak . 
  or your beloved democracy works only if the choice people made fits with yours ? 
  people wanted brexit and they have it . 
  people wanted trump and they have it . 
  be true pro-democrat and deal with democracy , or stop fooling yourself . 
  big respect for cameron , for following his decision , following the true meaning of democracy , and it 's consequences . 
  in your language `` most intelligent '' means `` worst '' or you have little to no idea what are you talking about ? 
  i voted for anti-eu party . 
  also , you 're so narrow-minded and egoistic , i am even more happy for britain to open their eyes . 
  you use hate speech your leftist brothers would rage about if you were n't one of them . 
  now i only can pray for our politics to leave your circlejerk company of selfish narcists . 
  if we would murder few millions of these people in inhuman ways - yeah , pretty much the same . 
  although , warsaw is capital , so i do n't think it 's good example . 
  also , historically been majority german ? 
  check your history books then . 
  they started the war . 
  do n't do it next time so noone will remove you . 
  you use the `` everyone/we both know '' argument . 
  i mean , you want me to treat your claims seriously ? 
  in germany , maybe . 
  why would i care for what it is in germany ? 
  in normal world of non-left it 's not specified . 
  i see you really do n't understand simple things and differences . 
  it is not worth my time if you follow your blindfolded logic that accepting people who are willing to blow up your country is good , while trying to repair your country is wrong . 
  ah , grammar arguments . 
  see , my language differs from english one . 
  i can speak english , people can understand me . 
  using grammar or language arguments proves you have nothing more to say and that i am right . 
  yeah , in here we had many reporters turning out to be liars . 
  you ca n't believe someone just because he 's reporter of your side . 
  we both know he could just made up entire article , but you surely have sources to back up your claims . 
  leftists say hate speech especiallty if someone from right side says something insulting ( or not , just to silence them ) . 
  it should n't be the same . 
  there is no group of mass suiciders who want others to suicide . 
  there are groups of murderers who want to murder others . 
  see the difference ? 
  policy is good , it 's execution - nah . 
  if thery 're losing track of hundreds of thousands unchecked people ... 
  they accepted them so they keep them . 
  we will take none of your guests . 
  they wo n't feel good in that , as leftists say , terrible fascist poland , will they ? 
  you were talking about scientific facts and denying such . 
  only two genders is fact , and it 's often being denied by leftists . 
  ugh , i suggest you learn to read first . 
  it 's hate speech for left side , not of left side . 
  either you 're not old enough to read properly ( and that woukd explain why you believe left side is right ) , or you want to troll , or you really are an idiot who only follows rhetoric of making fake claims and changing topic . 
  people die by traffic accidents ... and how is that anyhow connected to your proof that trumo is a liat ? 
  you think that he 's the cause ? 
  so , unknown anonymous diplomats who may even not exist say mean words about trump . 
  also , mexicans are mad . 
  you call people names . 
  hate speech for left side . 
  you said that dead is dead and there is no difference between suicide and terrorist attack . 
  now you write so much about the differences . 
  also , thery 're not running away from war , but for money . 
  learn something about the world first .
