  plus , germans already want to throw their `` guests '' and problems to other countries . 
  how have you connected scientific fact of two existing genders to climate change ? 
  do you even follow the discussion or just throw random claims you 've been taught to use ? 
  with your attitude you are the only one being an idiot . 
  there is always some hope he will open his eyes and seek for facts instead of propaganda . 
  show me these statistics first . 
  and please , not from some pro-immigrant leftist sources who manipulate the outcome . 
  i know , just as you do , he is not a liar . 
  it 's not a valid argument to call someone a liar because he challenges your world view . 
  you give us examples of not verified little things , while ignoring huge frauds of your idols . 
  never heard of these diplomats . 
  what i see in mu country is great respect gain for usa since trump was elected . 
  yes , this is hate speech . 
  i do understand it . 
  you , on the other hand , do n't understand simple difference between suicide and murder . 
  why brother about murderers ? 
  their victims would die anyway , huh ? 
  dead is dead , am i right ? 
  deny established scientific facts ... like only two genders , for example ? 
  by the way , you call everyone idiots and throw insults around , so listen to your own advice and stop making personal attacks . 
  you 're the only one here doing them . 
  i think hundreds of bomb attacks and continous fear of dying while going out of your house is worse than government you think is bad . 
  us elected an idiot who won using lies ? 
  funny , i was sure clinton lost , i have to check it again ... also , please , educate yourself before you speak . 
  actually , us gained a lot in the eyes of healthy , thinking people . 
  it 's not trump 's fault you 're falling into leftist crazy hate propaganda without checking facts on other sites/programmes/whatever than these focused on injecting hate in your head . 
  by the way , your entire comment is hate speech . 
  such a shame , using language you want others to be punished for . 
  yeah , you see , there is a giant difference between taking your own life cause you 're scared and too weak to fight , and taking lifes of you and hundreds of innonent people , just because some leftist say refugees welcome without understanding the tragedy he 's bringing . 
  so the outcome is - you pick right sided parties , you get mad and tons of butthurt . 
  you pick left , and if they do n't stop refugee madness , you may go flying with your arms and legs detached . 
  seems like simple choice for me . 
  sure , obviously it 's afd going bomberman mode on the streets . 
  no , wait a second ... 
  i 'd love my country to leave the eu , that would be best for us . 
  and looking at your childish attitude , thinking you 're essential member while noone would ever notice your leave ... yeah , we should n't take part in this poor comedy . 
  czech attacked us and has stolen our lands before . 
  it was just a move to take back what they 've taken from us , using the moment of us fighting lenin troops and saving you all from communism . 
  vilnus was part of pre-occupation poland as well . 
  we call english people of that time traitors . 
  their words does not matter . 
  also , if we were such hyenas , suck for england to know these so called hyenas saved their land from german planes . 
  shame , such shame . 
  yet you sound like you think you 're some goddamn superhero of eu . 
  you - leave , you - leave , you - leave as well , great denmark can rule alone !, 
  that 's how you look like . 
  i know the story of radiostation issue , i think i 've met someone stating it was as hitker said few years ago . 
  i ca n't say how much of it was trolling , though . 
  yeah , that 's what i was referring to . 
  it was great controversy in poland , ca n't say for germany , and i think it was justified anger . 
  i guess ( as far as i remember he is rather positive figure in germany ? ), 
  you would n't be happy if we made movie of bismarck and his people being blood-thirsty murderers , as he is from polish side of history . 
  in fact , collaboration in poland was punished by death . 
  if someone knew you support nazis , you were practically dead already . 
  there was also ( the only case of it in all occupied countries , i guess ? ), 
  punishment made by germany to anyone who would hide jews . 
  that shows how little collaboration was there . 
  also , the case i mentioned is somewhat of big mystery of war . 
  left side blame it in polish nationalists ( they blame them for burning jews alive ) , totally ignoring relations of people , who saw german troops being sent to do that `` job '' . 
  but , as i say , rather complicated . 
  same to you . 
  maybe i 've misinterpreted ( is that how you write it ? ), 
  your words . 
  if so , i 'm sorry . 
  i did not stated it is organised . 
  although , this mistake , repeated many times , may become truth in the eyes of people , as it happened with , let 's say , polish calvary charging with swords on german tanks , which is widely spred myth . 
  there was a statement that poles provoked the war by attacking german radiostation ( not true ) , or it 's their fault because of not letting gdansk to germany . 
  i will look for the group , but for now i have busy time , so if you want to , i can pm you once i find it . 
  i remember there was also some tv series , where germans were portrayed as `` well , we have to do it , we 're forced , victims '' and polish ak ( partisants ) were more of `` damn jews , we better kill them , it 's their fault ! '' . 
  also , there is popular move to blame polish people for genocide on jews in polish left political side , though it 's complicated story , so tell me if you want to hear it . 
  yeah , sure , mass murdering never occured . 
  just orders , am i right ? 
  it gets used time to time . 
  it should n't though , it should be punished as spreading lies and making poland guilty of this whole genocide . 
  actually , there was ( is ? ), 
  a movement in germany that wanted lands poland has gained after ww2 , suggesting we were guilty of this war . 
  i do n't remember the name for now , i 'd have to look for it once i have a time . 
  how about compensating for , idk , mass murdering , war crimes , cities destroyed , land taken , spreading myths of `` polish death camps '' , blaming it on poland ... 
  sounds like a lot to compensate . 
  but hey , maybe i 'm not progressive enough to think otherwise ? 
  do n't believe everything . 
  his opponents say he is russian puppet , just to scream he is seeking war with russia seconds after . 
  truth is , he 'd rather send tanks on moscow if he could and were stupid , his `` ties '' are just sick imaginary to discredit him . 
  his haters who 've been fed lies of propaganda just got bored with calling him crazy for now . 
  such a small country , such s big ego . 
  i bet denmark is the only thing keeping eu together , huh ? 
  see , this is why so many people have opened their eyes and want to leave that circus called eu . 
  well , at last your nickname is accurate . 
  good for you . 
  what do i have to lose ? 
  time . 
  you do not deserve evidence , if you 're going to treat it like the rest of what i said - that means you 'll ignore it . 
  you ca n't even read . 
  i said history is science , not religion . 
  there is evidence in history , you know , texts from 2000 years ago . 
  i was referring to daniken , which i stated clearly . 
  and noone was saying anything about flat earth or evolution . 
  you are not only full of yourself , you are full of trash . 
  you just ignored everything i said , you tried to lie , to put not my words into my mouth . 
  that 's why you 're not worth any evidence .
