   none of us working on this are trying to spread any kind of propaganda . 
  but you are . 
  the fact that you use the same mechanic repeatedly ( comparing an average statistic for the us to the highest statistic in europe ) means you 're doing it systematically . 
  this is propaganda , which makes you propagandists . 
   this does n't apply when we are comparing the people and not the full economy of the country of course it does . 
  you 're comparing a country to , almost , a continent . 
   the factual errors you speak of it 's not just factual errors . 
  at 3:50 you give the * average * american wage , and then you compare it with the three * highest * in europe , luxembourg , sweden and denmark , instead of the european average . 
  you do the same bullshit with other statistics in this video . 
  what you 're doing is called propaganda . 
  you 're propagandists . 
   after we made this video and it was ready to be released , we realized our mistake of going for the whole eu , when there was not sufficient data out there . 
  we will focus on comparing single countries in the future . 
  that would be even worse . 
  comparisons of national averages between countries on the scale of netherlands or denmark to ones on the scale of the us are meaningless for conveying useful information . 
  what about it is bullshit ? 
  ... anything real ? 
  but i think it 's impossible to try anything except junk food unless you actually visit north america , unfortunately . 
  whole stores of it !, 
  pretty much the only american food that tends to show up in european grocery stores is cheap junk food , except at several times the price . 
  it 's a little shocking . 
  edit : [ examples ] ( http://www.boredpanda.com/grocery-store-american-food-section/ ) edit 2 : the twinkies can stay . 
  poe 's law applies ? 
  by 2024 , reluctantly and after years of urging . 
  but you do n't have to worry about being invaded . 
  russia will never invade germany , and germany is n't worried about invasion , so saying `` that 's easy for you to say , you 're safe behind an ocean , '' is a big fat lie . 
  you 're no less safe than us . 
   complete crap . 
  military budget of eu countries and their active personell is considerably larger than that of russia and their equipment is better . 
  russia 's equipment is better in key areas . 
  for example , they have the best anti-aircraft missiles in the world . 
  their armored formations are also generally considered to be tactically better than ours . 
  those two facts make it very possible for them to win certain kinds of war - like the kind where they quickly overwhelm a small eastern european country and then make it impossible to us to retake it from them . 
   uh , nonsense . 
  we know that all properties of russia pertaining to war making capabilities indicate that nato would beat it in a conventional war . 
  actually , we know the opposite . 
  [ we ca n't even win our own simulations . 
  ] ( http://foreignpolicy.com/2015/09/18/exclusive-the-pentagon-is-preparing-new-war-plans-for-a-baltic-battle-against-russia/ )  dubious at best . 
  are you insane ? 
  are you denying the cold war ? 
   but it always has . 
  you think you would have gotten away as lightly in the world wars if you had been reachable by land ? 
  conevtional invasion of the us is impossible and that makes you quite smug tbh . 
  this is n't the 1940s , you know . 
  and germany is in no danger of being invaded . 
  if you were , you would n't be neglecting your military . 
  no one knows how a real war with russia would unfold , but yes , we have been willing , for generations , to risk annihilation to defend european democracy . 
  do n't pretend that an ocean protects us . 
  it only means that russian submarines and bombers can legally come within 21 km of our largest cities , and they do . 
  from your perspective , that would be like they were flying over the suburbs of berlin and paris . 
   the benefits when you have natural defensive barriers like oceans make the us a lot more easygoing on this issue . 
  do n't play that game . 
  russian subs and bombers patrol our coasts from the arctic to the gulf of mexico . 
  in a real war with russia , we 'd be hit before germany . 
  in a total war , we 'd be annihilated . 
  most of our population grew up expecting to be killed someday because of some bullshit in europe . 
  your continent has caused us endless trouble for generations . 
  and being contiguous with russia , the middle east and north africa is all the more reason you should be more active in those areas . 
  you want me to explain how everything you 've said is unfair ? 
  it would take all day . 
  but yes , everything from blaming the refugee crisis on the us , blaming the syrian war on the us , what you said about the us military , to everything you 've said about the saudi government , has been unfair . 
  it all reads like something sputnik or rt would want you to think . 
   obviously the sa government is n't doing shit to stop that that 's rather unfair , but then so is everything else you 've said on this thread . 
  maybe you should look into it . 
  no , that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  i said they fight wahhabism . 
  you 're not listening . 
  are you paid for this ? 
  they ca n't just ban the church . 
  there would be a revolution . 
  yes , but it 's complicated and takes place in a larger battle in which the state is trying to assert control over the church . 
  for example , a few years ago the government decreed that only official ( state-sanctioned ) clergy could issue fatwahs : http://carnegieendowment.org/2010/10/27/saudi-fatwa-restrictions-and-state-clerical-relationship/6b81, 
  the saudi government fights wahhabi terrorism . 
  they 're a counter-terrorism ally . 
  we ally with them because our enemies are the same . 
  the power struggle in sa is the same as existed in medieval europe between the king and the church . 
  they 're not the same people . 
  the saudi clergy oppose the saudi government . 
  by strengthening the government , we are weakening the clergy . 
  they 're not the same thing . 
   suppported by sa i do n't think you know what this means . 
  they are supported by the wahhabi clergy in sa , who also opposes the government of sa . 
  the war started because the president of syria cut people 's testicles off for drawing pictures of him . 
  he 's also a russian ally . 
  i really have to question your sources of information if you think this is about us . 
  and the `` arms '' that go to terrorists from sa are not the `` arms '' we sell them . 
  you 're talking about ak47s there , not patriot missiles . 
  the biggest * anything * is usa . 
  but the second largest arms exporter to the middle east is canada . 
  and sa has been dropping british and french bombs on yemen . 
  it 's not like you are n't contributing . 
  you 're just looking for a scapegoat . 
  if we stopped selling them our equipment , you 'd just sell them more of yours . 
  everyone in europe sells arms to sa . 
  so does russia , and china , and canada . 
  do you really know nothing ? 
  edit : and the reason there 's war in syria is because the president of syria cuts the testicles off of protesters . 
  he 's also a russian ally . 
  how do you make that about us ? 
  all of that is shit that europeans do .
