  if you think we can be pressured into changing our laws to conform to your standards like some tiny country in your neighborhood you 're completely misjudging us . 
  we would completely lose our shit over something like that . 
  i 'm sure it seems terrible to people whose idea of prison for someone who guns down 77 of their children in cold blood is a 3-room hotel suite with only a playstation 2 , computer , etc. 
  but it 's our prison so we get to make the rules . 
  you are seriously mistaken if you think we 'd ever bow to that pressure . 
  if that happens , you wo n't have a treaty anymore , or an ally . 
  yeah , he does n't seem very bright . 
  i feel a little sorry for him . 
  but threatening to harm innocent people if your demands are n't met is n't activism , it 's terrorism , and he 's unrepentant . 
  this is a small issue but `` us senator '' in this case does n't mean a member of the us senate . 
  he 's a member of the senate of virginia . 
  i used to think that ( check comment history ) but i dunno , i 'm starting to think he might not be such a bad president after all . 
  it 's just an accusation at this point . 
  still , it 's still strange to reflect that two months ago , our media was crucifying trump for talking about `` very , very bad '' german auto exports, 
  it 's not - but the op is n't official either . 
  i figured not , but you said the eu was n't good at it , so i wondered if you thought anyone was . 
  i do n't know of any usa equivalent that is n't at least as cringey : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quit2h4_k6q, 
  which country 's official promotional videos do you consider better ? 
  because it 's international media . 
  it 's very easy , even tempting , to form ridiculous opinions about other countries . 
  have you considered how your russian pipelines hurt american businesses , namely our gas exporters ? 
  no you have n't . 
  we are also not obligated to protect your economic interests . 
  trump is right about one thing : you really take our support for granted . 
  your pipeline is your problem , not ours . 
  98-2 in the senate , 419-3 in the house . 
  wow . 
   russian deputy foreign minister sergey ryabkov warned that `` the authors and sponsors of this legislation are taking a serious step towards the destruction of prospects for normalizing relations with russia , '' according to state news agency tass . 
  i think that 's the idea . 
  yes , that 's it . 
  yeah , but that was literally the first time it 's ever been below 50 % . 
  what the uk is , is moderate . 
  they do n't have a problem with the death penalty , because they 've never had a fascist or communist regime , so they do n't run away from everything connected with fascism or communism like some nations do . 
   many specialties from certain regions are protected in the eu . 
  yes , i know that . 
  that 's the point . 
   even at the same price point people would buy local because they see the vineyards where the grapes are grown , and know the owners through visiting their wineries . 
  come on , that 's a fantasy . 
  the eu has 510 million people . 
  you do * not * know the people who make your food . 
  and again , if no one would buy it , there 's no * reason * to ban it . 
  obviously , french winemakers think there 's a danger that people * will * buy it . 
  that 's why the eu finds some way to ban almost all of our food exports . 
  either it 's gmo , or it uses the wrong kind of flour , or it 's chemically disinfected , or it 's farmed the wrong way , or it 's mispackaged or it 's misnamed . 
  whatever we call it , the reason it 's banned is that european businesses do n't want it in their market . 
   i 'm pretty sure no one wants to import american wine/champagne because they know no one would buy it if no one would buy it , there 's no reason to ban it , and to aggressively file lawsuits against our winemakers . 
  not only stricter , but also infinitely more regulations and for reasons other than health . 
  like how we ca n't export californian champagne to europe , because france says that only champagne made in champagne can be called champagne . 
   us chipotle has poop in its food i wish you had n't told me that . 
  we 're talking about the jcpoa . 
  edit : and :  the iranian deal has widespread support to , even among american conservatives . 
  that 's not even remotely true . 
  it barely squeezed past the senate and remains highly divisive . 
  trump is being urged by senate republicans to repudiate it . 
  pretending that trump is the only one . 
  i reposted this because the original had no title or link in the op . 
  breivik has got more radical in prison , not less : https://www.thelocal.no/20170112/mass-murderer-breivik-claims-prison-isolation-has-made-him-more-radical the recidivism rate probably has more to do with the nature of norway 's usual criminals than with the nature of the prison environment . 
  how about neither ? 
  it actually is that , in case anyone was n't aware . 
  it 's part of the german government 's cultural oitreach program . 
  also comparable to voice of america . 
  it 's more likely that we 'd lose quebec than that we 'd be able to pry france off of germany . 
  [ i like this one . 
  allende killed himself . 
  mossadegh was arrested , tried and given a 3-year prison sentence for [ election fraud . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iranian_parliamentary_dissolution_referendum,_1953 ), 
  [ the real enemy are the joos !, 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/6n9rp3/un_publishes_replacement_migration_plan_on_its/dk90hvo/?context=3 ), 
  this should be good . 
   you ca n't compel someone to stay in a customs union ( as you 'll note -- the uk is leaving ) . 
  yes , i 'm aware of what a treaty is . 
  i also was n't implying that we 'd be physically refusing to let go of britons . 
  because they 're publicly portraying it as the uk not being ready to negotiate , but in private they 're saying that they , the eu , are purposefully stalling negotiations . 
  edit : personally , i think we ( usa ) should offer to pay the divorce bill , just to end this distraction . 
  the point is that it 's dishonest - they 're just using any excuse to stall - and that some redditors are apparently deceived by that . 
  i was replying to a comment in which u/new-atlantis was doing his usual shtick of echoing whatever eu officials publicly say . 
  it 's not the us , it 's nafta . 
  nafta is several countries . 
  they would be mad not to . 
   i 'm 100 % sure that the uk either wo n't leave at all , or will rejoin within 5 years . 
  you 're delusional . 
  british voters are n't going to vote to replay this shitshow , and once you 've driven them into nafta , * we * wo n't be letting go . 
  but davis is n't the one stalling until he gets what he wants . 
  it 's completely obvious what 's going on here : the eu negotiators know that the uk is racing against a `` ticking clock '' now that article 50 has been triggered , so their strategy is to stall and run out the clock , believing that the uk will eventually give them everything they want . 
  did you even read the first two paragraphs of the article ? 
  it 's because the eu side is deliberately stalling until they get the money they want . 
  `` the eu will not walk away from talks but will stall them , '' is exactly what the eu diplomat said . 
  i 'm beginning to wonder if you 're paid to spam this sub with the same comments on every post . 
  your line never varies . 
  you always have exactly the same opinion any time the eu is mentioned . 
  * au contraire , * we 're so enlightened that you can barely tell us apart . 
   yea , and there are enough ignorant americans that believe there 's even the slightest chance of that happening that we europeans can laugh at your stupidity , as always . 
  guy , americans know something about colonization , immigration and demographic displacement . 
  eastern europeans too . 
  western europeans are the newbs in this game . 
  why does n't it make sense ? 
  that 's the most common criticism of ns2 i hear . 
  you forgot puerto rico . 
  geographic diversity , demographic diversity and economic diversity are all related . 
  you do n't , though : http://i2.irishmirror.ie/incoming/article5245060.ece/alternates/s615b/rape-and-murder-rates-by-county-2012-2014jpg.jpg sticking with ireland , you can see that the variation in `` regional '' murder rate is only between 1 and 6 .
