  you just assume they 're better than yours . 
  your people deserve better . 
   there is no source thank you . 
   being black in germany has 0 effect on you what is your source for that ? 
  again there is none . 
  you just assume that germans are superior to your own people . 
  and for the record , [ the un disagrees . 
  ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/un-experts-accuse-germany-of-structural-racism/a-37745700 ), 
   i am not biased against my own people , then * what is your source ? 
   what is your source that they are more likely to be poor . 
  i did n't claim that . 
  you made the claim . 
  what 's your source ? 
  you do n't have one . 
  you 're just biased against your own people . 
  what part of that mentions black germans ? 
  what was your source for the claim that black germans are less likely to be poor ? 
  do n't change the subject . 
  what was your source for that claim ? 
   first of all germany disregards race in every way ( including census ) . 
  and that 's a good thing ? 
  again , what 's your source on this claim :  black germans are n't as likely to be poor . 
  you do n't have a source , because they do n't keep any such records . 
  that 's not because they 're less racist . 
  anyone who thinks germans are less racist than americans needs a history lesson . 
   black germans are n't as likely to be poor . 
  source ? 
  that does n't make it archaic , or inferior to theirs . 
  no one even knows how much more likely black germans are to be incarcerated , because germany does n't keep any statistics about it . 
  you can be self-critical without being uncritical about others . 
  and their largest competitor was the dnvp , which was another far-right totalitarian anti-democratic party , and the largest after that were the communists . 
  this thread began with a german user calling our system archaic . 
  if it 's older than theirs , it 's only because their democracy is younger , due to their recent emergence from totalitarianism . 
  do n't encourage their delusions of superiority . 
  we at least should n't pretend that confederates were some small minority . 
  yes , most germans became nazis , and even those who were n't nazis mostly advocated monarchy , communism or some other form of totalitarianism . 
  if you 're american , have some self-respect . 
  do n't encourage this kind of arrogance at your expense . 
   a very vocal minority bullshit . 
  they 're not just great grandads . 
  those people are still alive , and their democracies are less than a lifetime old . 
  east germany only became a free country 26 years ago . 
  2 . who is `` our '' , exactly ? 
  this subreddit is full of people whose nations murdered all their minorities less than one lifetime ago , yet are convinced of their moral and social superiority over americans . 
  stop encouraging their bullshit . 
   is there any example where that data actually is used address the problem and , if so , did it return positive results ? 
  countless people have dedicated their entire lives to solving these problems . 
  generations of programs have been created , vast sums of money have been spent . 
  yes , there 's been progress . 
  between 1962 and 2015 , the number of black adults who graduate high school went from 25 % to over 90 % . 
  and crime in recent years has been at an all-time low . 
  but these are deep problems that go beyond any one solution . 
  and when comparing crime statistics , it 's important to keep them in perspective . 
  our national homicide rate is about 4 per 100,000 . 
  canada has provinces up to 15 per 100,000 , and mexico has states up to 85 . 
  we also have states with 10x the rates of other states . 
  it 's not as if the difference in crime between the us and even norway is actually that pronounced in comparison . 
   but what explains the huge recidivist if you have a strong rehab system ? 
  i would guess that the answer is related to the number of prison sentences given , and the offenses . 
  about half of all federal prisoners are on drug-related charges . 
   ps : i though you did n't want to argue this any longer . 
  i did n't , but after noticing several hours later that i had been heavily downvoted i guessed it needed further explanation . 
   i do n't think you 'd disagree that a strong rehab system in the us would lead to a decrease in crime and the prisional population , thus the two have a connection . 
  we have a strong rehab system . 
  and unlike many european countries , including norway , we actually keep track of how many inmates are black , how likely blacks are to be unemployed or in poverty , the achievement gap in education between blacks and whites , etc. 
  we track those things because we care . 
  the article creates a distinction where it basically does n't exist . 
  our prisons are n't like norway 's ( and neither are canada 's , or anyone else 's ) but that 's not the reason for our crime . 
   but that 's not related to the article . 
  of course it is . 
  in the us , the majority of homicide perpetrators ( and victims ) are black . 
  of course that 's related and , to be blunt , it 's not something that can be rehabilitated . 
  and that 's just one example . 
  there are such vast differences between the two countries that to take a statistic and say , `` the reason ? 
  norway does bla bla , '' is ridiculous . 
  i think the point was pretty obvious : crime in norway is driven by different factors than crime in the us . 
   private prisons responsible for 7 % of state prisoners . 
  you 're mistaking exceptions for norms , same as the other guy . 
  yes but it 's comparing apples to oranges . 
  a [ map ] ( http://brilliantmaps.com/wp-content/uploads/distribution-gun-related-homicides.jpg ) of gun homicides in the united states resembles , more than anything else , a map of plantation slavery . 
  there are much larger differences between the two countries than any differences in the criminal justice system . 
  then you 've heard falsely . 
  our prison system is called the department of corrections . 
  edit : and the only reason you 've `` heard '' anything about american issues is because americans care about them . 
  you say that sarcastically but it 's actually a pretty valid point . 
  if a country has low crime in the first place , it remaining low can hardly be attributed to the prison system . 
  the article acknowledges that and does n't really make any causal connection . 
  it just says , `` it 's safe to assume norway 's criminal justice system is doing something right , '' and then goes on to make that assumption . 
   i do n't think this will affect when people get married or lose their virginity . 
  ... except that it does . 
  european countries differ by up to 9 years in the average age at marriage . 
  obviously the continental average is different from the country average , and you must know that , because it 's another data point you selectively cite in your video . 
  you do the same thing on education . 
  and the only education statistic you compare at all is student debt . 
  you do n't compare ( for example ) [ average educational attainment , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_tertiary_education_attainment ) for reasons that are probably obvious . 
  again , what other reason could you have for comparing the us to luxembourg ? 
  you deliberately misrepresent data with the intent to misinform . 
  that 's not just having an agenda , and there 's no more accurate word for it than propaganda . 
  why else would you take the national us average income , and then compare it with luxembourg , rather than the european average or even the eu average income , or if not that , than an `` average '' european country ? 
  why would you go with the literal highest-income country in europe for a comparison , except for propaganda purposes ?
