  because ceta is a bilateral agreement between canada and the eu . 
  our visa waiver program is n't an agreement . 
  you do n't seem to grasp that . 
  it 's not a treaty . 
  it 's simply a us law . 
  we do n't require visas from citizens of countries that meet certain criteria . 
  some eu countries meet those criteria ; others do n't . 
  the eu parliament wants us to change the criteria to accommodate them . 
  there 's no treaty involved in this dispute . 
  they simply want us to change our law . 
  reciprocity would mean allowing visa-free travel to the countries from which we allow visa-free travel . 
  you 're * not * doing that . 
  you 're trying to pressure us to change our domestic policy . 
  that 's irrelevant - again , the visa waiver program is n't an agreement with the eu or anyone . 
  we merely do n't require visas from some countries . 
  it 's entirely unilateral . 
  the eu parliament is trying to make us change our own laws to suit their interests . 
  again , something that africans , asians and everyone else on this planet knows well . 
  decades of bullying ? 
  freaking colonialism did n't end until the 1970s you know . 
  you said `` finally able , '' `` prepare yourselves because there will be more . '', 
  of course there will be . 
  the entire world knows what to expect from you guys . 
  please , for most of our history we 've had arrogant europeans pushing us around . 
  and so has everyone else on this planet . 
  edit : typo, 
  the eu is n't a sovereign country , and our visa waiver program is n't a bilateral agreement . 
  we simply choose not to require visas from countries that meet certain criteria . 
  the eu parliament is basically trying to bully us into making exceptions to those criteria . 
  i think we should just wait and see . 
  we 'll find out if they really want to lose our tourism . 
  if they do , it 's their loss . 
  if they do n't , we should let them explain it to their voters . 
  it will discourage them from doing more of this shit in the future . 
  ok , but i predict that it wo n't act . 
  and last year [ they threatened to sue to the commission ] ( https://euobserver.com/justice/135471 ) because it was n't taking action . 
  it 's not going to take action and they know that , or they would n't have voted this way . 
  no one actually wants to lose our tourism money . 
  if you overstay your visa , you 're not a tourist , you 're an illegal immigrant . 
  we have millions of illegal immigrants and [ the majority of them are from overstayed visas , ] ( http://www.nationalreview.com/article/424879/visa-overstays-todays-immigration-crisis-mark-krikorian ) including the visa waiver program ( which is for 90 days ) . 
  yes , but they get overstayed . 
  and visa-free travel means you do n't need a visa . 
  i imagine no one wants to address it because , while eastern europeans make excellent citizens , we simply ca n't continue to support the number of immigrants we 're getting . 
  we have 20 % of the world 's immigrant population inside our borders . 
  the commission is n't going to act on it . 
  this is a symbolic vote . 
  but the 15th century was 500 years ago , and every country has prosperous and poor areas . 
  i just do n't understand secession movements in general . 
  it seems that whatever country you end up with will be less than the one you have . 
  could someone eli5 why ordinary people in catalonia want independence ? 
  well ,   worst areas of the us . 
   there are no such areas in canada . 
  there are certainly some troubled ethnic communities in canada . 
  and some of the issues are the same : sex trafficking of aboriginal women , police not able to investigate because of closed communities , etc. 
  between 1962 and 2015 , the number of black adults who graduate high school increased from 25 % to 93 % ( this is another benefit of keeping statistics on ethnicity ) . 
  we are trying to solve our problems . 
  [ nope . 
  ] ( http://www.macleans.ca/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/charts_mac04-gilmore.jpeg ), 
  and we know what the worst areas of the us are like , because we talk about them . 
  he does n't condone genocide in that quote , just sayin ' . 
  of course our culture is predominantly british culture . 
  even today our media is full of actors , musicians , authors , and other celebrities from the uk and other parts of the anglosphere . 
  and if i thought that , and i said the french republic lacked any basic protections of personal liberty , i 'd get some highly agitated replies . 
  it would probably also be reposted on r/shitamericanssay . 
  edit : typo, 
  i think it 's the way you say it , like saying `` basic social security '' in this comment . 
  we have basic social security . 
  often western european redditors like to cast whatever we do as not only inferior , but below the absolute minimum standard for a civilized society . 
  so of course you come off as arrogant and offensive . 
  let 's agree to disagree . 
  i disagree . 
  i mean , most corrupt country ? 
  i 've never had to bribe a police officer , or anyone in my life . 
  i think it 's all rather hyperbolic , but i doubt we 're going to see eye-to-eye . 
  yes , with all of it . 
  thanks for answering . 
  and so i 'm asking , why do you love the thought of our destruction ? 
  it 's a fair question , is n't it ? 
  you said , `` i * love * him causing the us to self-destruct . '', 
  eh , culture war is n't over . 
  we had a good season , but the next one will likely go to someone else . 
  could you just tell me why you do ? 
  why ? 
  you have plenty that defines you , just not much that distinguishes you from us . 
  we 're both ex-british north american colonies and have much the same culture . 
  with europeans it 's a bit worse , since via globalization they feel themselves colonized by a very foreign culture and language . 
  it 's the periodic table , although i think a lot of those elements should have the uk flag . 
  you cut off the best part . 
  never 's a long time . 
  those are good actors , not john waynes . 
  [ there 's an asian john wayne ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eht0pb8rkxu ), 
  the end of a dream . 
  and the lord said unto the servant , ` go out into the highways and hedges and compel them to come in , that my house may be filled . ', 
  small but fierce . 
  cats need company too - they 're only solitary about hunting . 
  but yes , this was my guess too . 
  they do n't require the constant pack-based interaction that dogs do . 
  original reply deleted because , actually , i do n't see any need to argue over which data to trust . 
  use your own judgment . 
   given that the who numbers are different from both the cdc and ecdc , i 'd trust the latter .
