guy , in the mid-1800s the us was the only republic among the major powers . 
  we almost * were * the free world . 
  and you brigaders from/r/shitamericanssay know it 's against the rules to comment on linked threads , right ? 
  enjoy your ban . 
  proving you wrong would kinda defeat the purpose , would n't it ? 
  it 's kind of awesome actually . 
  props for staying in shape at that age . 
  i create a new account once in a while to avoid doxing ; i recommend all redditors do the same . 
   i was n't being literal , i do n't know the situation between you and vanuatu . 
  you were lying , and you 're still lying . 
  from canada we imported $ 295 billion in 2015 , and exported $ 280 billion . 
  that may be a deficit , but it 's rough parity ; it 's a lie to say it 's the same as with germany ( or china ) . 
   you have a trade deficit with everybody . 
  that 's just a straight lie . 
   `` it would be useful to have candid discussions with germany outside the boundaries and restrictions that they claim they are under . '', 
  i think there are more charitable and probably more accurate ways to interpret this than `` lol they do n't know how the eu works . '', 
  i mean a modern constitutional democracy , obviously . 
  the point was that we 've never had totalitarianism . 
  it was a rebuttal to a comment about our `` dangerous '' civic nationalism . 
  that nationalism is exactly why we have persevered and adhered to our principles , for example during our civil war , which is the origin of the pledge of allegiance . 
  so i 'm guessing historical literacy is dangerous too . 
  what 's wrong with what i said ? 
  ooh , let me guess , something about the electoral college ? 
  the states can allocate their electors however they want . 
  most choose to allocate them on a winner-take-all basis because it maximizes their influence . 
  others do n't . 
  that 's democracy . 
  in the eu , you do n't even get to vote for your president . 
  it would be interesting to see what would happen if you did . 
  what 's obvious is that it 's the world 's oldest continuous democracy . 
  there 's nothing dangerous about making kids daily pledge their commitment to `` liberty and justice for all . '', 
  it 's losing 65 million people , and senior leaders like verhofstadt are saying that without major reform , it will die . 
  the eu is losing 65 million people this year . 
  eu officials seek distraction from perpetual crisis , study reveals . 
  i prefer to go by number of times have saved free world per capita . 
  oh my god !, 
  someone on r/europe disagrees with murican exceptionalism !, 
  the visa waiver program is n't an agreement . 
  it 's strictly a us law , which says we do n't require visas from countries that match certain criteria . 
  sorry , not true . 
  there 's no eu passport . 
  the eu is several treaties between 28 sovereign countries , which each issue their own passports to their own citizens , and the visa waiver program is based on passports . 
  it 's not our fault you 're still separate in that way . 
  this is n't guilt or humility . 
  by chastising anything reminiscent of nazis , you 're proclaiming how morally superior you are . 
  it 's a kind of virtue signalling . 
  i do n't know how many times some german has told me that the pledge of allegiance or u-s-a chanting is disturbing to him , for example . 
  * gosh , so enlightened , * is what i 'm supposed to think . 
  right . 
  they 're just trying to look tough at our expense . 
  our rules are applied impartially ; it just happens to be the case that not every eu member country currently meets the criteria for the visa waiver program , but they are expected to in the future . 
  i hope we do n't give in , since it will only encourage more such antics in the future . 
   the colonial authorities were deeply influenced by calvinist theology , and were convinced that democracy was the form of government mandated by god . 
  the colony offered nearly all adult males potential citizenship . 
  full citizens , or `` freemen '' , were accorded full rights and privileges in areas such as voting and holding office . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plymouth_colony#organization, 
  when the colonies rebelled , they rebelled in defense of [ `` the rights of englishmen . 
  '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rights_of_englishmen ) british liberal values and common law were the foundation of our society . 
  anyway ,  taking credit for anything and everything that seems more fair to me than only counting the atrocities ? 
  the global eradication of slavery . 
  the seeding of liberalism on every continent of the world . 
  it 's not exactly coincidental that every member of the [ commonwealth of nations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/member_states_of_the_commonwealth_of_nations ) is a democracy today . 
  it also created the united states , the undisputed best country , and canada , the second best . 
  so that 's something . 
   the british empire was a particularly ruthless and ferocious empire . 
  they took everything , enslaved the natives and gave nothing back . 
  they actually abolished slavery and suppressed it worldwide . 
   british empire was a good thing does n't mean  atrocities are good things churchill 's cabinet of fellow imperialists pleaded with him to send aid to india . 
  thinking that the british empire was a good thing does n't mean you suffer from amnesia . 
  it 's possible that two informed people can actually have different opinions . 
  edit : i mean , to demonstrate , you could write an article listing the five worst atrocities in the history of europe and accuse the general public of `` historical amnesia '' for thinking europe was a good thing . 
  it 's a lazy , anti-intellectual view of history . 
  yes ? 
  the average europe ? 
  :p so i take it this one 's a sub-average europe : https://data.oecd.org/pisa/science-performance-pisa.htm#indicator-chart you sound like you 've never been to our country . 
  it 's also exclusively about americans . 
  also , posting in r/shitamericanssay while saying you do n't care what americans think ... 
  did an american touch you in a bad place ? 
  i said it 's my first suspicion , not necessarily true . 
  the uk is a sovereign country . 
  its constituent parts have voted for it to be . 
  forgot to mention that i hope portugal is split into separate pieces and ceases to exist as an entity , i just love it so much . 
   i myself hope that ireland will unify and scotland will rejoin the eu on its own , because i love your isles . 
  i hope the eu will dissolve and its parts will eventually become federal territories of the us because i love you too . 
   i wonder if that includes cycling to work it should n't . 
  the title explicitly says `` leisure time . '', 
   https://www.henrymakow.com/2015/06/irish-potato-famine-was.html `` the illuminati have almost perfected rewriting history to suit their own agenda . '', 
  it will never happen , but in all seriousness a transnational union between the uk , spain , portugal and all the new world countries would dominate the world . 
  we 'd have only 3 languages , a common history and one whole hemisphere of the planet . 
  think of it !, 
  you can be airstrip 2 !, 
  nah , transatlantic imperial reunification . 
  damn , we 're way too bright . 
  our poor wilderness . 
  white americans do n't normally subcategorize themselves ( irish american , german american ) unless the subject is important to them for some reason . 
  i admit that my first suspicion is always racism . 
  but that does n't mean anything here . 
  the eu is a treaty ( or several treaties ) between 28 sovereign countries , each of which gives its own passports to its own citizens . 
  and the visa waiver program is based on passports . 
  you can , of course , have the same laws as us , but you do n't .
