  comedy ? 
  please say it 's comedy ... 
  nah , it 's not standard for us : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_and_dependencies_by_number_of_police_officers it does n't make me uneasy though . 
  if your police were dragging people out of their homes and making them disappear , that would make me uneasy . 
  protecting world leaders is ok . 
   arriving in hamburg this week feels like entering a dystopian nightmare . 
  as the city prepares to host the g20 summit this friday and saturday , many roads are blocked and high-security zones have been established . 
  more than 20,000 police , many heavily armed , are patrolling the streets , backed up by drones and the latest surveillance technology . 
  helicopters are permanently `` parked '' in the clouds , so the sound of their rotors becomes a sort of background music you soon stop noticing . 
  perpetual police and ambulance sirens , emergency lights and water cannons accompany the orchestra of power . 
  the presence of police makes you feel like you 're in a dystopian nightmare . 
  could you ... explain ? 
  i have difficulty putting this into context . 
  oh no prease do not come any croser tentacru , i am totarry arone and helpress . 
  yeah and also during g. w. bush 's time , the eu obstructed polish and american foreign policy by [ blocking georgia and ukraine 's admission to nato . 
  ] ( https://mobile.nytimes.com/2008/04/03/world/europe/03nato.html ) one might think that you 've learned from that unfortunate experience ; however , today , you again side against poland and the us . 
  that 's all very circumstantial and involves wild leaps to conclusions . 
  for example , `` turkish government has failed to present a convincing and solid evidence that proves the hizmet movement is responsible , '' is interpreted as evidence that the coup was staged , when it could just mean that they lack `` convincing and solid evidence . '', 
  i know erdogan 's unpopular but we should resist the temptation to act as fake news distributors . 
   it 's five times as bad as eu . 
  it 's on placee 126 of all countries . 
  this is what 's happened : 1 . 
  you : `` it 's x times as high as the eu . '', 
  me : `` but look at it by geography . '', 
  you : `` there is no state that is n't less than the eu average . '', 
  me : `` so the eu average is your definition of exceptionally bad ? '', 
  you : `` it 's x times as high as the eu . '', 
  you 're officially arguing in circles now . 
  stop rephrasing every question and moving every goalpost to keep circling back to the starting point and answer the question i asked . 
   there is no single state in the us that has a lower rate than the eu average . 
  we 're comparing it to canada , not the eu . 
  so your definition of `` exceptionally '' is just `` not less than the average '' ? 
  `` millennial '' implies a child , which apparently the author is . 
  `` global , '' i guess , implies global affairs . 
  and it 's opinion . 
  so , a child 's opinion on global affairs . 
  i was thinking college freshman , but i looked it up and he 's actually 17 . 
  because it puts these supposed national differences into perspective : the average difference between the us and canada is less than the difference between canadian provinces and each other . 
  it disproves the notion that there 's anything `` exceptional '' about american crime rates . 
  maybe this is hard to understand from a swedish perspective , but you 're talking about the difference between 3 and 4 , when other countries in our hemisphere are at 20 , 30 or 50 . 
   which is exceptionally bad for a first world country . 
  it 's not . 
  our national homicide rate is 3.9 per 100,000 . 
  canada has provinces that go up to 15 per 100,000 . 
  mexico has states that go up to 85 . 
  and all of us have crime rates that vary hugely by geography . 
  if you compare [ us states and canadian provinces ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate#canada ) in the same geographical area ( manitoba/minnesota , montana/saskatchewan , washington/bc/idaho ) , you 'll discover that us states are often less violent than their canadian neighbors . 
  generalizations based on country-level statistics might be useful in europe , but they 're completely worthless on our continent . 
  we 're all living in deutschland . 
  why did you have to shatter my illusion ? 
  [ she has been known to smoke . 
  nah , see , the smarter you are , the more wrinkly your brain . 
  and this guy 's brain is the wrinkliest . 
  oh , sure , ordinary joes like you and me , maybe our brains are a little on the smooth side . 
  but you do n't have to be a genius to know that evil is bad . 
  and good is n't . 
  that 's gdp , not wealth . 
   accidentally  azteka prime no , it 's epsilon indi and you went there on purpose , really . 
  wait - you do n't think a chinese minister would ever criticize your trade policy ? 
  you do n't think one would ever go 10 or 15 minutes longer than asked ? 
  you do n't think ross is remotely qualified for commerce secretary ? 
  wow your assumptions . 
  `` pretty sure every german here is informed on such matters . '', 
  `` pretty sure no one remotely qualified for international politics would ever criticize german trade policy . '', 
  no i do n't think so , honestly . 
  i doubt many people there had any knowledge of secretary ross 's credentials . 
  i think what causes it is the fact that you know we are n't going to treat you the way any other superpower would . 
  i was n't even saying it was wrong . 
  i just said it 's strange when you think about it , considering that the person being cut off is a top-level minister from a country that controls 40 % of the world 's total wealth . 
  and then the applause and laughter about cutting him off . 
  there 's just a large disparity between power and how we 're treated , compared to historical ( and even contemporary - hence the statement about china ) patterns . 
  the point i was making originally was not about what was justified or deserved - it was that they would never treat a chinese minister this way , because they would fear the consequences . 
  so , from our perspective , when we see this shit , some of us think that maybe we 've been going about this superpower business the wrong way . 
  unglue your face from your computer and wait a few minutes before replying . 
  yeah , tell that to taiwan , or korea , or hong kong , or philippines , or tibet . 
  or the chinese themselves , who are being mass-murdered so loyal party members can have their organs . 
  jesus christ , do we need to learn this lesson again ? 
  the chinese are a fucking totalitarian dictatorship . 
  way to go hitching yourselves to that wagon again . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  yes , we only own 40 % of the world 's wealth . 
  i wish i could make a comment on this sub without some fucking idiot replying with some comment about trump . 
  i 'm not a trump voter and trump has nothing to do with this . 
  they would n't dare do that to a chinese minister because they know there would be consequences for their insolence , but with us they know we 'll play nice . 
  when you think about it , it really is strange . 
  this is n't a student council meeting . 
  they 'd never dare to do that to a chinese cabinet minister , much less laugh about it . 
  then i guess that one soundbyte would outweigh the value of all the millions of people whose lives he affected . 
  good grief . . 
  really ? 
  words are worse than literal treason ? 
  trump has n't done that , though . 
  also , reagan committed treason by selling weapons to iran . 
  what has trump done that 's worse than that ? 
  edit : oh nice , downvote me for critical thinking . 
  i think they normally think of europe as the continent ( edit : excluding the british isles ) , the same way british alt-righters do . 
  of course you 'd say that , but it 's not just racism . 
  the uk is our mother country . 
  half the literature american children read is english literature , from charles dickens to jk rowling . 
  our celebrities are often british celebrities .
