  not r/the _ donald right , but noticeably so . 
  it 's very noticeable for us , as subreddits that lean to the right that are not designed to do so ( political subreddits and such ) are rare . 
  questions about customs/crossing the border are not uncommon . 
  we know nothing about it-we just fill out a form and walk in with no trouble . 
  how would we know how to deal with customs , really ? 
  the foreigners on that sub always have more insight on it than we do, 
  oh it exists , sure , but it 's not widely purchased or eaten on a regular basis . 
  loaf bread is way more popular, 
  just do n't let trump hear about this abomination . 
  you wo n't be able to refute this one i 'm afraid, 
   banana + curry pizza will be a standard pizza soon , mark my words . 
  ... curry pizza we 've had for years , but banana on a pizza ? 
  the fuck ? 
  i mean , you see incoherent rants about sweden going to hell and you write the authors off as lunatics . 
  this , though ? 
  this makes me wonder, 
   king 's hawaiian sweet rolls are not bread though . 
  fighting words right there, 
   just curious , did you vote for hillary ? 
  i 've been wondering if more left leaning actually did not vote for her ( in the final election ) because of ill will over bernie . 
  maybe , but the most common response was to not show up to vote due to low enthusiasm, 
   i did n't vote for hillary . 
  i voted for jill stein , our green party candidate . 
  there was much less ill will here toward bernie than you believe , except among politicians . 
  according to everything i 've seen ( not much , since our mainstream media is controlled by the political establishment ) i hope that this particular snowflake did n't live in a state where that vote mattered, 
   and do you think it might really change ? 
  i do n't know , it seems to work in the gop 's favor so i do n't see them accepting any kind of change . 
  no kidding . 
  believe it or not , the gop has won the popular vote once ( bush 's second election ) in the past five presidential elections-yet won the presidency three times in those past five elections . 
  how banana republic is that ? 
  at least erdogan pretends like he won the vote fair and square ; that 's not even necessary here . 
  just think how much better off everyone on planet earth would be if we did n't have the bullshit ec system , and al gore beat bush in 2000 ... everyone except , as you say , the gop . 
  20 % and 15 % ? 
  wow . 
  that 's surprising , since scandinavian-sounding names are not that common here . 
   and this kind of films - while certainly good from a purely aesthetic point of view - not only depict a fictionalised version of organised crime which has little basis in reality , but they also damage the image and reputation of both italians / italian-americans as a whole . 
  or , you can adopt the borat philosophy : all press is a good press . 
  kazakhstan has a much bigger international cultural profile thanks to borat . 
  helps compete with northern italy in terms of recognition , at least ( rome , venice , milan , etc. ), 
   basically tl ; dr : do your grandparents and great-grandparents have a more negative opinion on germany than you ? 
  without a doubt . 
  one of my grandparents ( died years ago now ) was among the soldiers that liberated what turned out to be part of buchenwald . 
  apparently concentration camps had satellite or sub-camps that were n't part of the main area , and this is what his unit stumbled onto . 
  he hated germany quite a bit . 
  my aunt said that he thought the germans deserved whatever the soviets wanted to do to them and then some , and that we were wasting our time doing anything that benefited the germans . 
  i did n't know him very well , and most of the info came from my dad and his family . 
  they also told us never to ask him about the war , and we were little , so most of the information is second-hand . 
  while he was probably extreme , most older people lived through a major war with germany and had relatives that fought germany in wwi ; it 's to be expected . 
  in my experience , older americans are much more likely to resent the japanese , because americans were more direct recipients of their actions . 
  they treated prisoners and people in occupied areas absolutely horribly , and they launched an unprovoked attack that brought us into the war in the first place . 
  needless to say , younger people do n't share that view about germany . 
  i 'm not as positive in outlook about it as some people , though . 
  americans have this idea that germany and the u.s. are close like we are with britain and now japan . 
  i do n't , and i do n't think germans see it that way , either . 
  to me , germany is just a nato country that does n't cause any problems ( hungary , anyone ? ), 
  and works with us when it 's beneficial for both sides to do so . 
  many americans have the idea that every country in europe is a `` friend '' of the u.s. on some level , but from the people i 've met and what i 've read this really ca n't be said of germany ( if it can really be said of anyone ) . 
  germans strike me as people that would be quite happy to deal with us less , and i do n't think americans really get that . 
  i actually think a shift ( in mentality or otherwise ) is going to have to happen at some point , as americans are eventually going to realize that the feeling is n't mutual . 
   other big issues that could affect them ( changes to social security and medicare ) are political non-starters not worth discussing ;  i ca n't take that argument because i do n't think reddit ignores that possibility just based on infeasibility : universal basic income seems to be equally unachievable and is brought up all the time , ubi is special case . 
  reddit leans heavily towards people in the tech sector , and they are intensely interested and aware that automation is going to upend labor markets here and elsewhere . 
  no one thinks that ubi is feasible now ; they think it or something similar will be a necessity eventually . 
   and i 've personally never heard old people mentioned in arguments about healthcare on reddit . 
  they may not feel the need to , since they 're mostly talking to a similar audience . 
  for instance , one of obamacare 's central goals was to get young people to buy health insurance and lower health insurance premium prices for older and sicker people . 
  it 's no mystery that older people have higher healthcare costs , and that the rising costs are difficult for people living on a fixed income, 
   they also have a worrying tendency to drink too much and fall from high places americans just do n't drink as much as most europeans and do n't hold the alcohol as well . 
  trying to keep up is a bad plan for 90 % of us, 
   wait really ? 
  any american i 've met knew jack all about europe let no one fool you-the overwhelming majority of public schools do n't teach shit about europe . 
  the french revolution is probably the only topic covered independent from `` this was going in europe , and it affected us in xxx way '' or whatever . 
  i do n't have to `` sort out '' what i picked up about europe from grade school from what i picked up elsewhere , because i learned literally everything that did n't directly involve us elsewhere, 
   public education and healthcare ( non partisan to me ) you say that , but these are extremely partisan issues in the u.s. you 're seeing the american left 's ideas on both , which probably seem non-partisan to you because they 're more in line with spain and europe write large . 
  i assure you that both are major political battlegrounds  0 interest for policies or lack thereof that affect older people , as pensioners are basically seen as just `` the ones who caused our current problems '' partly because pensions barely exist anymore in america . 
  healthcare is largely synonymous with `` policies that affect older people '' here ; nursing homes , in-home nursing care , medical device prices , prescription drug prices ... these are the things that hammer at fixed-income seniors . 
  other big issues that could affect them ( changes to social security and medicare ) are political non-starters not worth discussing ; bush tried to change social security , for instance , and his own party voted it down . 
   what you call bread , and croissants in the us . 
  i would n't give to eat to my worse enemy . 
  fresh bread just is n't a thing here . 
  you can find it , but you have to look and then you have to pay for it . 
  and really , it 's bread-no one really wants to drop extra cash on it . 
  eventually , people will realize that fresh bread dipped in olive oil is amazing , but that day 's yet to come  peanut butter is an american thing i could get but do n't like . 
  i 'm just too used to nutella i guess . 
  we have both-peanut butter is probably 1/3 to 1/5 as expensive , though . 
  nutella actually mixes well with peanut butter , though it 's more a dessert here than a sandwich ingredient, 
   i would imagine you could grievously injure or kill someone . 
  yea-most likely yourself . 
  black powder guns can literally blow up in your face . 
  somehow my dad came to own one , and it 's really too dangerous to bother with . 
  more like a blunderbuss or than a musket , but the principle remains the same . 
  there 's a reason we no longer use it, 
  a dying war ? 
  1200 civilians alone died last month . 
  just civilians , mind , and just the ones that the snhr could confirm . 
  it 's not like they have unfettered access to all parts of syria , so it 's a good bet that numbers are even higher . 
  does n't sound like a dying war to me, 
   it would have been an implicit admission of guilt . 
  that 's a big assumption ( that veto = admission of guilt ) . 
  besides , the odds of syria and russia actually allowing an thorough investigation via the un or otherwise are zero . 
  there is no way that assad is going to allow impartial investigators to do their work , and it 's anyone 's guess what the rebels would do .
