  because that 's how trump postures . 
  does n't mean a thing to how he 's attempted to govern so far , and i do n't expect that to change, 
  there is no way that will happen . 
  political suicide is an understatement . 
   better play both out against each other . 
  i do n't think you grasp how to play major powers off against each other . 
  trade with you is n't something you can leverage against china and the u.s. the way strategically important nations use their position , because it is n't mutually exclusive . 
  you also assume that china cares if we have less influence in europe , which is a big assumption not supported by reality, 
   a territorial claim can not , by definition , violate international law . 
  whenever people claim this , they also forget that international law is actually terrible at resolving territorial disputes , even if you ignore powers that ignore them . 
  they should n't have joined unclos if they intended to ignore its dispute resolution mechanism : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/philippines_v._china, 
   yes , china is disputing regions in the scs , but i would argue that the `` american-led status quo '' is not necessarily a given , or good . 
  you think people fabricating territorial claims in order to steal natural resources is a possible good alternative ? 
  you can classify as not geopolitical , but that 's an extremely short-sighted view to take for what i assume are obvious reasons, 
   aka a dog and pony show to distract from the russian plot . 
  is it unthinkable that a reality show star and a former kgb guy could create some fake drama to distract from what was a giant story ? 
  yes , because the distraction was harmful to both politically , and because it has n't distracted anyone from it . 
   let 's see if he increases sanctions on russia ... i am skeptical to say the least we do n't trade with russia . 
  literally , it 's not a rounding error . 
  we maxed out on sanctions quickly . 
  short of cutting them off from swift , we 're tapped on that front, 
   i am surprised how effective the checks & balances in the us are the only check and balance on trump so far has been the courts . 
  everything else is due to his own party 's inability to agree on anything . 
   but it ca n't resist the popular vote forever in a democracy . 
  democrats won the popular vote ... 
  if that 's true , it 's not accurate to call all of them allies , or the eu a positive thing for us . 
  i wo n't say that it 's ideal-just that people should have learned their lesson the first time it happened . 
   furthermore girl was raped in drug rehabilitation facility and there are rumors , that our secretary of employment was `` customer '' in this particular facility . 
  either you do n't mean customer , or there 's some seriously fucked up stuff happening in slovakian drug rehab facilities, 
  i 'm just glad that we beat england , honestly . 
  you 'd think that pakistan would give at least some arab countries high marks . 
   they were way more critical of bush than americans ever were . 
  at the time ? 
  no question . 
  after his departure ? 
  i do n't know , he was widely disliked as a president . 
  if anything , we were not critical enough of bush during his tenure . 
   one wrong election and they whole thing could go up in flames . 
  evidently, 
  i get why you 'd want someone from the big parties there . 
  trust in the opposing party is so low here , though , that people would rather have none present than have both present . 
  no more critical than we 've been of bush , for instance . 
   i do n't know why we assume they 'll always be in our corner and working for common interests . 
  mostly , because of the massive overlap . 
  i see a real tendency to lost sight of this that i have n't seen before , though, 
   there are more articles being buried by your warmongering mainstream media too . 
  just take a look for yourself . 
  i doubt you will , but hey that merely proves my point . 
  ... so your rejoinder is that the u.s. decided not take a very provocative act over two months ago ? 
  can you really tell me that we 're not in hysteria territory ? 
  there is a reason this was n't in the news , but it 's not because the `` warmongering '' msm did n't cover it . 
  it was n't in the news because * it is n't news * . 
   not at all , i just find it hilariously laughable that you think the us `` defence '' is actually needed . 
  like i said , the eu the periphery needs it . 
  the rest , probably not . 
  whether you think that 's necessary or wise is up to you . 
  not liking the fact does n't change it . 
   your the only country who 's ever used nato after all . 
  that 's a very simplistic interpretation of history . 
  western europe and friends used it extensively for decades-just because the alliance did n't go to war does n't mean that it was n't serving a purpose . 
  and it was n't the rest of europe doing the deterring , either . 
  moreover , your implied assertion that only the counties invoking article 5 have `` used '' nato is silly . 
  nato has been active in a number of matters , at the behest of various members : bosnia , libya , smaller-scale things globally . 
  this is why people need to watch their words . 
  trump does n't appear to care about the eu as an entity-he ripped on it during the campaign because the brexiteers were unabashedly in support of him-but there 's no real evidence that he cares one way or another . 
  it 's mostly an afterthought here , if we 're being honest . 
  you 'll find more people with opinions about the un than you will about the eu . 
  personally , if brexit and greece were n't a thing , i do n't even think people would care , but that 's not how things shook out, 
   anything can happen but why automatically assume the worst ? 
  you do n't - you just do n't make overly-rosy assumptions , as i see that people have a tendency to do . 
  i called you crazy for years . 
  i 'm not as sure anymore, 
   unless he gets impeached before the end of his term i 'm better he 'll be worse . 
  his administration is already pushing for war with iran . 
   and he 's not smart enough to understand why that 's a bad idea . 
  i 'll take that as a `` you 're right-that was the hysteria talking . '', 
  i find the iran assertion odd , though , as it has n't been in the news here for at least a month . 
  for all the huffing and puffing about the nuclear deal , has it gone anywhere ? 
  no one 's even attempted to dismantle it . 
  and no one 's going to , despite whatever nonsense they spout . 
  i 'm quite surprised you do n't realize this . 
   it 's actually very much your fault . 
  going from afghanistan , iraq and libya . 
  arab spring ( caused largely by a mix of global warming ) did n't exactly help . 
  whatever your opinion , it 's done and you ca n't change it-i fail to see why that should prompt a change now . 
   what security guarantees are those ? 
  except destabilising regions in our neighbourhood which causes terrorist attacks here ? 
  you 're being what i like to call `` deliberately dense . '', 
  you know exactly what i 'm referring to , whatever your opinion of it . 
  i assume that you 're deflecting , as there is no plan for keeping the eu periphery stable beyond working with us . 
  patent trolls are more a product of our litigation system than patent system . 
   that 's somehow a sad fact that you most of the time learn a lot more in reddit comments , than in news articles made by `` professional journalist '' . 
  subreddits from other nations/regions are always instructive . 
  does n't mean well-done work by a journalist or something is n't equally interesting, 
   too many americans have outsourced their factories to china to find that their designs and patents are ripped off , then the chinese open up their own native plant and cut out the middleman . 
  anyone who takes that risk deserves what they get , honestly . 
  that 's not just `` something that happens , '' its de facto state policy . 
  sending valuable ip to china shows , frankly , that you were not competent enough to hold the rights to it in the first place . 
   i remember people thinking george bush was the bottom . 
  took barely 10 years to find someone else .
