  here 's the heading under the aricle 's title :  a new amendment to finland 's regional security laws is meant to strengthen the authority of officials in situations in which finland may be threatened by an ** unmarked military group ** . 
  unmarked military group is a very different thing from `` unknown militia . '', 
  makes way more sense, 
  that does n't even matter , honestly . 
  the idea that china is a champion of openness and free trade is the big punchline . 
  their antics are the type of thing people thought about when trump spewed his nonsense about bad trade deals . 
  we 'd all be wise to actually work together and challenge them on their predatory , mercantilist practices and not put them on an extremely , ridiculously undeserved pedestal, 
  better yet , the entire west should pass a reciprocity act in tandem , which immediately gives chinese exporters ( including western companies with supply chains there ) and companies the same access to our markets that they provide to us . 
  the gymnastics they 'd have to go trough in order to complain would be worth it alone, 
  then it 's more widespread than realized , because the government is comprised of other groups and they also practice it openly . 
  regardless , it is one thing that the taliban never tolerated , and they are particularly known for their soft-touch approach to governance, 
  i 'll say it straight : you are a special kind of ignorant if you think that china has , or does , stand for free trade , or that has any desire to liberalize it 's own markets for outsiders . 
  is it the witty humor that contains the basic element of truth that you hate ? 
  because that 's what i would hate, 
   tommy robinson who the hell it tommy robinson is the response 99 % of america would give, 
  i do n't disagree that they are a bad influence . 
  they do these things to appease domestic constituencies-it 's a balancing act . 
  the problem is that anything likely to replace them will be worse . 
  the sad reality is that the government is a moderating force , in comparison with other options . 
  they do n't force the populace to go in this direction-it 's the other way around . 
  i never thought about this until i talked to a guy and girl from saudi arabia that explained the government 's schizophrenic behavior this way . 
  tolerate this , or probably get worse if you do n't . 
  not tolerating it is n't a realistic option, 
  we up with them because , as unpleasant as it is , they are bulwark between the world and the populace that makes them look like progressive liberals, 
  no , good sir-this sub and all of reddit have informed me that china is the new defender of globalization , free trade , and puppies and shit . 
  so you must be mistaken , then , even though logic and basic facts say you 're exactly right . 
  you can unite with the turks and stand with qatar . 
  / s the other person is right : there 's really no reason to interfere . 
  qatar is no better than saudi arabia ; the best outcome is actually having sa win this one, 
  that 's got nothing to do with the eu , and there is no parallel . 
  electoral college is still outrageously undemocratic for several reasons , including the one you highlight . 
  just because states , not feds , are undemocratic does n't mean the outcome is n't undemocratic, 
   from an american perspective , the headline would have implied domestic armed anti-government groups . 
  from an american perspective , it does n't mean anything-it just does n't make sense . 
  weird phrasing, 
   it to my knowledge is n't out of the us mainstream in no way is it mainstream-no one has ever heard of it . 
  i have no idea how anyone on this sub found it in the first place, 
  fwiw , it 's not practiced among the pashtun majority . 
  the trash that comprises the afghan government , though , practices it . 
  i have no doubt that , once the taliban overthrows the hapless government , they will at least put a stop to this practice in areas where they hold control . 
  only bright side, 
  he 's talking about the sub labeling an opinion piece , not the publication, 
  clearly . 
  i just thought that the way people would react to my comment would be funny, 
  a euro posted it here originally . 
  so , really , we 're # 1 and # 2 on this thread . 
  magic really, 
  i love that a comment about the us is the top one on this post right now . 
  relish our importance in the world , euros, 
  your demands for `` proof '' that is literally plastered all over every major news outlet in america . 
  i really just want to hear the latest bit of denial, 
  you 've got some revisionist history going on . 
  the soviets backed a coup that sparked a revolt , which nearly took out the government without our help . 
  the soviets rolled in to prop up a government that afghans obviously hated , we bled them , and afghanistan continued to be the mess it was for decades . 
  supporting the soviet puppet would simply have gotten americans killed for nothing , as occurred in vietnam, 
  when it becomes good for their wallets to do so , it will . 
  until then ... 
  it 's not a matter of even if for them , i 'd say, 
  how do you prohibit an unidentified militia ? 
  suspected titlegore, 
  had to dig this one up just to laugh at , given recent events . 
  even a shill like i think you are ( despite your claims ) could not carry on your denial now, 
  dah comrade , cia make fabulous color revolution !, 
  is fashion friendly !, 
  things happen in the world without the west holding someone 's hand , whether you admit it or not . 
  syrian uprising is a great example, 
  if you call what you 're doing dominating , then i guess so . 
  you have not evolved though-your opinions of yourselves are as high or higher than in the hitler days, 
  as opposed to you lying to them about membership that was never going to happen in the first place ? 
  boy , the trolls are reaching these days . 
  soviets were not a first-world country ; your feigned hostility designed to distract does n't change that . 
  and they did the usual in afghanistan . 
  and the opposition that we armed ... well , like i said : afghans do more terrible shit to each than anyone else ever could . 
  your reasoning it bullshit because it overlooks this fact, 
  yea and plural is tornadoes , not anything with an apostrophe, 
  give it time . 
  i do n't - i just think that the afghans have done more to each other than any westerner has in a long , long time , and the poster claiming some link between the two was full of shit, 
  those soviets-dastardly first worlders !, 
  probably because they are so barbaric towards each other . 
  sorry , but nothing we have done to them will ever compare to what those barbarians do to themselves . 
  take your whiny bullshit elsewhere . 
  never been to italy i see, 
  no-it fed erdogan 's victimization bs , and gave no leverage . 
  seriously-people are out of their minds if they think egypt is a vacation destination anymore, 
  do you want to become a prisoner and bargaining chip in his next turkey-tantrum ? 
  then pack your bags, 
  you can not , in fact , use your money for coke and whores here . 
  whores in some places only . 
  it 's the civil rights issue of our generation, 
  you should ask your dear leader about that . 
  for all his huffing and puffing ... there we sit . 
  almost like he 's playing you all for fools, 
  let me just say : ahahahahahahahahahaha, 
  among middle-income americans ... back in 2010 . 
  which was not everyone . 
  sounds reasonable , even low . 
  60k after taxes is royalty in any place that is n't a high cost city/suburb of one . 
  it 's tough going anywhere else, 
  there are lots of reasons to think it 's weird . 
  that is n't one of them .
