  ttip was an afterthought here ; most people were n't aware of it . 
  tpp was the only one proposed trade agreement people even talked about . 
  america gets a lot of very deserved criticism , but the european ( especially german ) response to trump has been beyond overboard imo, 
  it 's almost like nothing trump says can be taken seriously ... 
   russians , at least those on / r/russia , get sexualy aroused at the very idea of shitty news from , say , the baltics so that their existing biases , bordering on hate , are fulfilled . 
  they just miss you and want you back haha . 
  also , your flag is rather similar to austria 's flag . 
  what 's up with that, 
   i 'm sure putin must have an agenda that is of best interest for his country there 's no reason to think that , just like there 's no reason to think trump does the same for us . 
   there is a lot of scaremongering and demonizing of each other in both western and russian media . 
  i personally think we should be on friendly terms with them . 
  we have no need for another cold war . 
  lots of false equivalencies in this post , methings, 
   i used to think that people divided in to 80 % intelligent people and 20 % morons . 
  you were one optimistic sob . 
  you wo n't find a person in america who claims that 80 % of humans are intelligent, 
   * but the law used against him remains in force . 
  * and if his harsh punishment was meant to deter others from taking to the streets in protest , most activists i 've spoken to here believe that has already worked . 
  like i said , made up, 
  the only person living in oz is you . 
  it makes no difference what the court says-go try and organize a protest , or start a new opposition party , and see what happens despite the court 's actions and words . 
  there 's a reason no one respects russia 's legal system , and it 's not because of its renowned independence from the kremlin . 
   how about the fact that courts for example released navalny after whom prosecution and government were going after for ages ... the same guy that was convicted years ago for some fake nonsense ? 
  please be serious . 
   how about a fact that supreme court decided that anti-protest laws which russian government passed are unconstitutional and dropped charges for anyone accused you 're just lying about that, 
  i could have written this post about my parents , especially this :  i wish i could help them , i can \u00b4 t do much but can keep my mouth shut and not make them feel bad . 
  but in case somebody is tempted and can still decide otherwise , letting `` yourself go '' ( on anything ) always has a cost . 
  and fully agree with the rest . 
   and the price on the garbage food left no doubt why obesity is such a huge issue in the usa healthy , appealing food is an expensive commodity here . 
  somehow , companies have found a way to make it an exclusive thing , and to make unhealthy shit incredibly cheap in comparison, 
   it 's interesting that a trashy , fake looking girl like kate upton is the best you can do for american `` beauty '' , but it makes perfect sense . 
  there 's something fucked in your head if you do n't find kate upton attractive , or that your typical aussie girl there is anything but a standard brunette that you can find anywhere . 
  pretty girl , but not some secret only found down under, 
  ... their flair is `` poopoomcshit '' ... gay is indeed the best insult they have to offer, 
   there should be a lot more steps between `` legal '' and `` terrorist '' , right ? 
  there 's no real legal space at all , when the government decides it . 
  the russian supreme court can wax poetic about this , but the reality is that russia was going to do whatever putin and friends wanted to do to jehovah 's witnesses regardless of whether they had legal pretext to do so or not, 
   that 's an understatement . 
  got me-i just know that 's what i heard . 
  strange , really-can ' t remember any other critical comments about other nato forces . 
  bitching aplenty about the afghan forces , though . 
   an investigation by the german defense ministry revealed that the polymer channel in which the barrel sits heats up and softens with sustained firing , losing its shape and throwing the barrel out of alignment . 
  that 's a pretty significant problem . 
  seems fixable , though-world is awash with rifles that do n't break when you fire them . 
  just ... you know ... buy some . 
  i know that airbus has had a lot of problems with the a400 , but could n't say anything specific beyond that . 
  i know that many soldiers were not impressed with the germans they served with in afghanistan . 
  not personally , but as a force . 
  the general feeling was that they were under-equipped ( lack necessary equipment at times , that present often had problems , constantly had shortfalls on parts and stuff , which was more associated with the afghan forces who stole shit relentlessly ) and unprepared for combat in general . 
  ( we 're not talking as low opinions about the afghan forces themselves , though , which were a whole different level of terrible ) . 
  it stood out to me , because they had nothing but good things to say about all of the other non-afghan forces that they worked with , which were many . 
  many of them were also there for ages , so it really struck me as odd . 
  you want some cheese with that wine ? 
  because that most people could live with, 
  it 's the same as we put up with : the only way russia 's fake bullshit matters is if people hate their opposition enough to let it . 
  there 's no question that it held true for many republicans . 
  if frenchie think that is n't a concern , then they probably have less to worry about than we did, 
  map looks a lot like a map of our elections re : gop vs. democrats , frankly, 
  i mean , i thought most russians lived near europe itself . 
  the place spreads all the way over the pacific , obviously . 
  not much point worrying about the forests in between the people and the pacific , i 'd assume, 
   at some point we should get rid of veto power in un . 
  for what fucking reason smaller nations should allow few big nations do whatever they want ? 
  as much as i love lithuania because of the beer you export here ( lots of high gravity ales , for some reason ) , i have to point out that small nations do n't just `` let '' big nations do whatever they want . 
  the big nations do it over the objections of other nations , big and small, 
  domestic political concerns, 
  doubtful-it 's much more likely that china did it to send a message to north korea as opposed to gaining brownie points with the west, 
   and if war were to come to the korean peninsula , i 'm sure most nato nations would be apart of it ) ; the conflict would be over before most of them could get there , even if they wanted to . 
  korea 's a long way from us , but it 's a really , really long way for them, 
  russia says a lot of things . 
  what russia says , and what reality is , often diverge . 
  chinese support for the measure says a lot about russia 's decision here , frankly , and it says nothing good . 
   if the shit really hit the fan , the uk , france and germany could upscale their military production massively it takes time to get modern equipment and soldiers in the field effectively , though . 
  donald rumsfeld got a lot of criticism for saying `` you go to war with the army that you have , '' but he was right . 
  the days of shoving an m1 is someone 's hand and telling them to go for it are over , really, 
   2/3 of their army are conscripts which have little value in modern conflicts people forget this . 
  russia has * some * contract soldiers that are somewhat effective ( their performance in georgia was very uneven ) , but they have very little depth beyond this . 
  that 's not accounting for the fact that russia 's economy would virtually collapse , should this occur . 
   russia against europe is in the same position as japan against the us in wwii . 
  it really is n't . 
  the u.s. had little in the way of military in 1941 ; we had to build from almost zero . 
  we were fabulously lucky that the carriers were n't present at pearl harbor , and that 's about it . 
  if japan was n't an island devoid of resources , things could have been different . 
  that is n't true for some of europe today . 
  there 's no real historical comparison , because nations weaker than their neighbors in every respect do n't usually attack their superior neighbors . 
   russia is large and widely dispersed . 
  is their population that dispersed ? 
  thought they all lived close to europe itself, 
   plus usa keeps reminding us by their actions that the legendary russian aa defense may be a threat but it 's far from being perfect and untouchable . 
  there 's considerable speculation that the russians themselves do n't believe some of the hype over the s-300 . 
  when they did n't shoot any of the recent cruise missiles down , it made people wonder why-russia missed a great chance to display for prospective buyers how effective it 's supposed to be . 
   i am not sure going on offensive and attempting to retake baltics would be too successful . 
  i am . 
  once we commit , the matter is n't in dispute-just the cost and time needed, 
   how is it being `` accepted '' a valid standard ? 
  the result is the result . 
  it 's legit . 
  accepted referring to the idea that the founders foresaw something like this happening , and accepted it . 
  there 's no reason to think our system was ever intended to work like this is the point, 
   but people act as if the election of trump was some sort of violation of the system , which it is not .
