  pros and cons, 
   japan today works almost the same as before the war and it certainly is in essence not a democracy . 
  lol have fun in the alternate reality that you inhabit, 
  we do n't live in 1939 anymore-shoving a rifle in someone 's hands does n't make an army overnight . 
  modern armies fight with what they have , because the war is over long before any ramp-up can occur . 
  well , you saw that one poll about willingness to defend the east . 
  germany barely cracked 40 % . 
  logical to you , in the czech republic , is very different to what 's logical in berlin or further west apparently, 
  you can not just produce people able to operate tanks , jets , and sophisticated equipment en masse . 
  nor can you really produce said equipment . 
  fact is , you fight ( and thus win or lose ) wars today based on what you have at war 's start , and not how great your military could be when the neglect ends . 
  the idea that it will work any other way is really a weak excuse for pretending that neglecting it now has no actual costs in terms of security, 
  what is a swamp german anyway, 
  i can not tell you why the perception is what it is . 
  americans will claim germany as a success story , japan as one where we started from scratch , and italy in the sense that west europe did n't go to total hell during the cold war and is a great place today . 
  why italy is n't singled out as a special success story is beyond me , honestly, 
  i do n't really know why , i just know that it is . 
  germany is definitely much , much more similar culturally than japan , but it does n't seem to have an affect . 
  in a way , japan is the ultimate us success story , and i 'm sure that plays a big role, 
  just look it up . 
  rome # 1 for sure . 
  paris probably a close second, 
  you 're 100 % right about italy vs. japan . 
  i 'm in paris right now , and will be in rome in 2 weeks . 
  both  japan . 
  italy is probably the most favored overseas destination in the world for most americans , with france a close second and a first for many . 
  wrong about germany , though . 
  for most americans , germany is a friend , but it 's not the u.k. or a stalwart ally like japan . 
  there differences with germany are really starting to show , too-they do n't need us to keep the soviets at bay anymore , so it 's unclear what keeps us that close anymore and doubtful that either side really wants it that way anymore, 
  whatever that means . 
  like textbooks ? 
  show me another country that gets more preferential american treatment than the u.k. 
  there is n't one, 
  is it really nationalist to teach in your own language ? 
  maybe some places , but strikes me as a pretty reasonable thing to want to do, 
  fascinating that your universities teach in a language other than your own honestly, 
  you 're crazy . 
  whatever the u.k. thinks , americans overwhelmingly like britain and wish a strong alliance to continue . 
  only japan , canada , and australia are close to or on the same level really . 
  maybe south korea . 
  just the british heritage i guess, 
  willful stupidity really just does n't work for germans . 
  it just seems forced and awkward ; not authentic at all . 
  like trump when he pretends not to hate mexicans or something ; it 's painful for us all , so better that it not happen . 
  it really just becomes a war in eastern and central europe-not a global affair . 
  germany would face considerable pressure to not do nothing , it 's true , but that does not equate to actively doing something . 
  i doubt that targets in germany would be attacked partly for this reason , and partly because it 's just not so simple to fight through all the other nato air assets to do so . 
  russia may have localized ground advantages in the east , but it is at a decisive disadvantage in the air once it moves beyond the air defenses it stationed near the borders . 
   and to this day we have never made use of it . 
  lol what planet is your germany located on ? 
  nato is the reason the west does n't look like the east of the country today, 
   the european defense forces are much more technologically advanced and efficient for each $ spent . 
  let 's be honest : only a handful of nations in europe can actually field a competent , significant military and deploy outside of their own borders . 
  europe as a whole has neither quantity or quality , although select members have one ( usually quality ) or both . 
  much of the money spent does n't enhance capabilities at all . 
   as i said above , trump has showed us that nato and us support for europe might be just an illusion , and that we need an alternative . 
  i suspect you will be disappointed . 
  the real illusion is that the prosperous parts of the eu will really sacrifice for the weaker ones . 
  greece , anyone ? 
  the idea that a uk-less eu , led by germany , the nato nation whose public is least willing to defend the east , is going to either create an army or present a credible deterrent to anyone is a delusion exclusive the otherwise intelligent people who inhabit this subreddit . 
  this about germany refusing , not us-thus , the poll results showing that germans literally do n't view the east as worth defending . 
   for germany to not be involved . 
  us/nato supply depots , warehouses and hq 's in germany would be hit by ballistic missiles and/or strategic bombers within the first day . 
  assumptions , no doubt . 
  unreasonable ? 
  idk . 
  i assume the politicians will balance treaty obligations with domestic political realities . 
  does n't really strike me as far-fetched , and i ca n't be the only one who sees it that way . 
   us/nato supply depots , warehouses and hq 's in germany would be hit by ballistic missiles and/or strategic bombers within the first day . 
  i doubt that very much . 
  quickly seizing land , making veiled threats about nukes should anyone interfere further , and appealing for peace talks seems a much more likely outcome . 
  in essence , russia would try and make this scenario into crimea 2.0 . 
   for germany to not be involved . 
  us/nato supply depots , warehouses and hq 's in germany would be hit by ballistic missiles and/or strategic bombers within the first day . 
  assumptions , no doubt . 
  unreasonable ? 
  idk . 
  i assume the politicians will balance treaty obligations with domestic political realities . 
  does n't really strike me as far-fetched , and i ca n't be the only one who sees it that way . 
   us/nato supply depots , warehouses and hq 's in germany would be hit by ballistic missiles and/or strategic bombers within the first day . 
  i doubt that very much . 
  quickly seizing land , making veiled threats about nukes should anyone interfere further , and appealing for peace talks seems a much more likely outcome . 
  in essence , russia would try and make this scenario into crimea 2.0 . 
  many assumptions there . 
  the much more likely outcome is `` accepting '' the cta but with 8 million bullshit limitations designed to appease the hesitant majority before acceptance , rendering whatever it could have done in the first place pointless . 
  germans would also be howling at every moment to give up whatever russia occupied early on . 
  it 's sort of the logical outgrowth as having no interest in defending the east in the first place . 
  the german government might take an unpopular action ... but it could then be replaced . 
  it is n't the us-people can and will choose alternate options of the ruling party/coalition pisses them off . 
  ... it 's a poll of germans ... 
  by your logic , venezuela will turn the corner any day now . 
  potential is the most useless word in the english language fyi , right down there with if and maybe, 
  it 's a sad day when the germans prove trump right , is n't it ? 
   i would be interested in the same question but with usa , france , uk , spain instead of eastern europe as the country in conflict . 
  so would i, 
  no one said they were n't - just that gdr got better treatment than other soviet-occupied territories for propaganda purposes . 
  hard to argue with it , honestly, 
  us should have a veto override trigger option , or one should exist , at least . 
  the idea that any one partner can veto this is absurd , really . 
  who the fuck is turkey to say no , if the rest want it ?
