  and that 's a small sampling . 
  it 's no surprise that this is n't getting as much coverage by comparison . 
   protests that spanned from 1991 to 2000 until they finally brought him down . 
  yes , letting him rule for that long , let alone live , was massive mistake . 
  taking an actual hard line against genocidal lunatics on a personal level would have been a good idea . 
  maybe the next one will hesitate if they think the bombs will fall on their own head , as opposed to the people that wind up fighting for them or random people caught in the crossfire . 
  i 'm fine with someone thinking that . 
  i 'm not fine with `` all feats are equal just because they are all feats , '' as the commenting horde before you was trying to suggest, 
  being the first to do something has inherent prestige . 
  being the first to do something more impressive and challenging than the something in the first instance is inherently more prestigious . 
  i do n't know why this relatively straightforward concept is meeting so much resistance, 
   russia , europe , china , etc. 
  would disagree . 
  we 're not actively racing with any of them with respect to space exploration . 
  that 's what makes it a race in the first place, 
   if the score is 100 to 60 and the race is still on , you have n't `` won '' . 
  no more soviets . 
  no more racing . 
  i 'd say it 's over, 
   i love how / u/materunchained thinks it 's bad to have to pay for a id card with a photo . 
  like , is n't this common place everywhere but ` murica ? 
  you say that , but you 're swiss and thus have n't seen the bullshit voter id advocates do to ensure that demographics who do n't tend to vote their way have an extremely difficult time getting an appropriate id . 
  that 's the real reason they ask for it . 
  we barely manage 60 % turnout in our best elections ; the idea that voter fraud is a concern is not something that should be taken seriously . 
  keeping people from getting an id needed to vote , while pretending that requiring the id is some virtuous endeavor , is something that should concern people . 
   russia is definitely the leader in manned space flight right now . 
  the price we pay for wasting money on the space shuttle . 
  never lived up to anyone 's expectations, 
  the u.s. got further and accomplished more in space than the soviets ever managed to . 
  there are no soviets anymore . 
  i do n't see how anyone can say that the soviets won any competition in space , given these basic facts, 
   but for the pacific war besides hiroshima , i would say it did n't print itself in the culture that much . 
  pearl harbor , guadalcanal , macarthur , doolittle , centrality of aircraft carriers to the navy . 
  hitler may be a more comic-book villain than japan , but the pacific theater definitely let it 's mark, 
   i have never seen an american state anything close to this . 
  are you a russian spy ? 
  you probably have in a different context . 
  losing all the previous space milestones is what made kennedy and the nation get serious about , and accomplish , getting to the moon in the first place . 
  not like he just woke up one day and decided to go for it just for funsies, 
   never heard of him . 
  the us education system never fails to disappoint . 
  says more about you than education here . 
  history classes are a shallow , but sputnik and gargarin are among the precious few topics that make it into every history book-even if they are just there as acts that spurred us to get serious about spae exploration . 
   too bad history is written by the victors and gagarin 's and soviets ' achievements have always been overshadowed by america 's equivalents . 
  gargarin is n't overshadowed because the soviets lost ; to the extent anyone thinks thinks he is , it 's because getting to the moon and back first is simply a bigger deal than getting into space first . 
  ... then why are others saying it is ? 
  turns out they 're using privacy in a context where we would n't . 
  not publishing a photo of someone without permission would n't be considered a privacy issue here, 
  ... so sweden has its version of halloween on easter ? 
  unexpected, 
  china has n't `` imposed their system '' on their neighbors because they have n't been able to . 
  just look at who they border and you 'll see why . 
  if you really think that a mercantilist , totalitarian , and extremely repressive state like china is better for the world than almost anything else , idk what to tell you . 
  you should not delude yourself into thinking that china would n't force you to scrub any thought or mention of things the government disapproves of , if it could . 
  the only reason you and the rest of germany are n't doing so right now is because the chinese are n't anywhere near able to make those demands . 
  the moment the chinese government thinks it can force you to bend to a demand on censorship or anything of the sort , it will . 
  as for the body count , the chinese have been way too busy killing their own people with self-manufactured famines and such up until the 80 's , and they 've killed more of their own people since the cold war ended in such misadventures than america has killed since its creation . 
  worry not , though-they 're making sure to scrub that sort of thing from history , so i 'm sure that we 'll all forget about it someday . 
  for better or worse , our constitution is read to say so . 
  idk , sitting out in public where anyone can see you just does n't scream privacy to me, 
  `` fourth time 's the charm ! '', 
  just give it to your good pal america ; that way you and spain can unite in your dislike over the outcome . 
   all the empire-makers ended up in the anglosphere . 
   except canada apparently . 
  not sure what happened there . 
  canada 's biggest neighbor being us probably did n't help, 
   defend democracy from monarchies ? 
  probably better to say he upended the legitimacy that old monarchs clung to and spread the ideals of the french revolutions . 
  having some nobody rise from obscurity to smack the biggest empires around over and over ( completely destroying one ) had to destroy any claim to inherent superiority that the old monarchs had , whether divine or otherwise . 
   to the extent that their [ americans ] smartest people talk about britain , they focus on our imperial delusions : here is a country that never adjusted to its loss of empire and does odd things to compensate . 
  america 's oldest people , maybe . 
  few , if any , americans view britain through an imperial lens of any kind , whether they 're a rocket scientist or a janitor . 
  the imperial project ended 50ish years ago ; there 's probably a handful of americans alive that can remember it with any clarity . 
  today , it 's just something in books , that does n't feel real to anyone . 
  the idea that we view anything britain does as an outgrowth of imperial hangover is projection , not reality . 
  unsurprisingly , most americans view britain though ... an american lens , as i 'm sure most people do when they view another nation from their own perspective . 
  imperial hangover , whatever it may be , barely even come into focus . 
  if you exclude first-gen citizens/immigrants ( especially those of mexican descent ) , you 'd be extremely lucky to hit 10 % fluency in another language, 
   you carefully use what you have painstakingly learnt only to be answered in english that is probably not far off from equal to your own . 
  for real . 
  ime , people actually prefer english , if they realize you 're a native speaker . 
  good practice for them , i guess . 
  varies depending on where you are though, 
  interesting that there 's a perceived right to privacy sitting out in the open ( presumably ) in public . 
  edit : explain why you think so , if you feel the need to downvote, 
  all circumstantial at this point , from my understanding-at least what 's been made public . 
  syrian planes bombed the area at the exact time that this business occurred , which syria acknowldges . 
  syria and russia say that the bombs hit a chemical weapons depot or something of that nature that happened to have chemical weapons inside ( or something to that effect ) . 
  the short version of their version is here : http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-39500319 for me , the fact that syria was bombing elsewhere in that area at the exact same time that this occurred , and the ridiculous story that syria is putting forward to explain what happened , are convincing enough . 
  that 's all that 's been reported , from my understanding, 
   it was such a terrible and unessesary blunder on his part that i can see why people are in disbelief it looks that way in hindsight , but really , no one 's done anything in response to chem weapons use by numerous parties over the past several years ( even after the 2013 arrangement with russia and assad ) . 
  to me , the unbelievable part is that we did anything in response to the attack , given prior precedent and trump 's rants on the subject . 
  i ca n't imagine that assad really expected anything more than words in response to the attack , because he had no reason to . 
   still , i think it 's reasonable to wait for proof because this war has been such a shit show for lying to or just misleading the public on all sides . 
  i guess all modern wars are . 
  i wonder how to get it . 
  the dutch and friends managed it in ukraine , but i think they mostly used engineering and physics mixed with the reality that only the rebels were using the culprit weapon . 
  i find it very unlikely that assad and friends will allow a real investigation ( if one is even possible ) , and there 's no reason to think that the rebels in control of where it happened wo n't try to influence it somehow , either . 
   for example we have seen how russia have tried to interfere with both the us and french election by realeasing miss information . 
  i do n't think anyone who was n't ready to believe anything bad about hillary already was swayed by that crap , at least not here .
