  france and the uk may differ , but the idea that the u.s. would hold back solely due to hostages is mistaken . 
  attempts to avoid directly killing them would be made , but we 've never let something like that stop us before , and i seriously doubt it would have in that case either . 
  i really doubt that the uk would either , but ca n't say for sure, 
   my point is that if the dutch were harmed , serbia would have been bombed right away ending the wars early and thus saving tens of thousands , not that they could have won a potential engagement . 
  and mladic could have been an idiot but i 'm not sure he was going to do something that would have so obviously been the end of his army . 
  no question, 
   these actions have a specific military goal in mind , to test nato response times , as simple as that . 
  since russia is surrounded by the nato bases , it 's a valuable metric to know . 
  it 's not like we could just ask , you know , like they do in the 21st century . 
  does n't change how the facts i outlined above . 
  they 're not working day and night to dissolve what the west has built . 
  fucked up though they are , they 're not the best to compare with russia, 
   not saltiness , it 's just hilarious how you can spout all this bs with a straight face while you completely ignore the hypocrisy of your country . 
  i do n't - i do n't somehow think that one mistake justifies another , though, 
  that 's what the wall is for . 
  good fences make good neighbors , right ? 
   i thought the core of swiss culture and tradition was money laundering . 
  pretty sure they adopted that `` tradition '' when they got all gold that the germans stole from holocaust victims , and then were n't overly keen on returning it after wwii ended . 
  secrecy was convenient veil for not doing so, 
   hell , isis has a large amount of american rifles they stole from an iraqi army compound . 
  rifles ? 
  they stole thousands of tons of gear from the idiot iraqis-humvees , anti-tank missiles , body armor , you name it . 
  for a while , isis had better gear than any participant in the conflict thanks to that . 
  was n't too hard to do though , what with the mighty iraqi army throwing their weapons down and running away and abandoning mosul in fear of a foe that they massively outnumbered and outgunned, 
  there 's no market for anything in afghanistan . 
  someone else paid for every weapon that those morons have-whether it 's your country or someone else in nato . 
  frankly , i do n't care if the taliban takes the place back over . 
  they 're only marginally worse than the afghan government anyway ; as long as they agree not to shelter al qaeda again ( should be an easy sell ) , they can do whatever they want in afghanistan . 
   eh , orban might be leaning towards russia , but at least he got things done . 
  not sure if all of them are good , but he is a `` doer '' , not just a `` talker '' like our esteemed leaders have been - . - more or less exactly what george bush supporters say about him, 
   a right-wing france put le pen in the second round , a right-wing france will have to be responsible for beating her . 
  you ca n't set the forest on fire then complain when left-wing people do n't want to help you put the fire out . 
  you ca n't insult and libel and make the left-wing worse than le pen all election long then ask for their vote against her . 
  you put her there , she 's your problem . 
  you ca n't blame her getting elected on people not voting for her . 
  `` you reap what you sow . '', 
  i can get on board with that , in theory . 
  problem is , everyone reaps the consequences in an election-not just the ones who voted for the winner . 
  you ca n't just opt out while someone you hate is in office . 
   you put her there , she 's your problem . 
  i know nothing about the french elections in general , but i know that you are so very wrong on this point . 
  `` their '' problem can easily become your problem-just ask all the democrats who did n't bother to vote last november ( whatever their motivations ) . 
  you would be wise to vote against the one you like the least , in order to minimize the chance of something similar happening-because i assure you , it can . 
  plus , i ca n't get over this part :  a right-wing france put le pen in the second round , a right-wing france will have to be responsible for beating her . 
  do you really want to rely on the people who created this supposed problem in the first place to now fix it ? 
  you must admit that this is a terrible strategy if your least-preferred outcome is not to have her in power . 
   they need to look at why so many people are either defecting or abstaining . 
  do they ? 
  it 's not a mystery : hrc has been unpopular across the country for many years . 
  it did n't take a psychic to predict that she would struggle to generate enthusiasm regardless of what she did during the campaign . 
  all this whining about the sanders crowd ignores this obvious point . 
  if hrc were n't such a lukewarm candidate , a nobody like sanders would never have become a thing . 
  lest we forget , sanders is not the first politician to build a name for themselves by exposing clinton 's weak popularity among the electorate . 
  some nobody named barack hussein obama did it first . 
  clinton 's better at launching other democrats ' careers than at advancing her own , and the dnc 's failure to recognize her weaknesses as a candidate in this regard are really indefensible . 
   and is actually kind of barred from taking political offices . 
  i have no idea why that did n't work though pretty sure that he founded the akp while banned , it cleaned up in an election , and that enabled a change in the law that allowed him to assume office . 
  i remember because his old buddy gulen was a big part of this process , and i bet anything that gulen is regretting that now in a big way, 
  it would , but the spanish authorities could show some decency and not prosecute nonsense like this . 
  they must have better things to do , and if they ca n't find one , then maybe they need to replace whoever wasted time on this . 
  the government should be embarrassed that failures on various levels led to this in the first place . 
  frankly , i am very surprised that this happened ; sounds like something erdogan 's turkey would do , not spain, 
   i assume that this falls under criminal law , and in criminal cases the state must prosecute that ca n't be true . 
  discretion in whether to charge someone with a crime is inherent to the role of being a prosecutor . 
  i can not believe that spain wastes time and resources on every single act that could possibly be considered a crime , even though many are probably not worth the time or resources needed to do so . 
  their criminal justice system would simply collapse if it worked this way, 
   no , responsible countries send troops to russia 's borders right ? 
  much saltiness from the serbs on reddit . 
  i leave it to you to determine why the baltics would want nato forces in-country ; i 'm sure you 'll figure something out . 
   that does n't make sense . 
  unless they attack there is no reason to . 
  they could however send the military planes to warn them and `` escort '' them back . 
  this little dance is n't common practice anywhere but between russia and nato . 
  you assume that 's how it would work in all cases where a potential threat that large is present only because that 's how it 's been handled by nato that way for a long time . 
  assuming this would hold true everywhere is a big assumption, 
   so they do n't breach other airspaces ? 
  what 's the problem then ? 
  can do whatever they want in the international airspace . 
  sure , and only the reckless and irresponsible do what i described . 
  i can walk down the street flipping off every person i see with both hands , but guess what ? 
  only walking dildos do that kind of provocative thing . 
  so it is with russia . 
   completely serious . 
  the us has a history of having a hand in overthrowing governments they do n't like . 
  and fixing the relationship , well , we 've been over this in the 90s , being pro-west did n't do much good for russia , quite the contrary . 
  then you and your russian friends are morons , because not only is believing that just plain dumb , but pretending to fly some jet at denmark is n't going stop us from conducting coups and such if we really get inspired too . 
  russia can be as anti-west as it wants , so long as it acts joins the rest of us in the 21st century, 
   does that happen often ? 
  they are intercepted before they enter it , are n't they ? 
  that 's incredibly childish . 
  responsible countries do n't send planes capable of delivering nuclear weapons just outside the edge of other countries ' borders-especially in a region where doing so is near a number of countries ' borders . 
  any non-nato country not used to this russian bullshit would seriously consider shooting these planes down . 
  nato just knows that russia is all bark and no bite , so they ignore it . 
   that 's exactly what caused russia to assume such stance in the first place , funnily enough . 
  coups and civil wars . 
  not sure if poor attempt at troll , or serious, 
  your monthly rent is 450 ? 
  people would kill their own firstborn for rent that low where i live, 
  trumpets , not trumpeteers, 
   is it because they were n't rounded up into camps ?
