  drinking the right-wing kool-aid . 
  the cia ( and others ) called bullshit on the nie 's claims about wmd 's in iraq and an active program there . 
  read for yourself-the whole thing is contained within : http://www.businessinsider.com/heres-the-full-version-of-the-cias-2002-intelligence-assessment-on-wmd-in-iraq-2015-3 drug wars are hardly the cia 's brainchildren , either-that was moron reagan 's idea . 
  you really think the cia pushed for the `` war on drugs '' ? 
  i mean ... seriously ? 
  that 's not getting into the obvious question of why the nsa and dia would also want to team up and bring little donny down . 
  you 're simply constructing conspiracy theories designed to pre-emptively protect trump from any and all criticism . 
  there is simply no reason not to trust their evidence beyond the right-wing desire not to . 
   `` facts '' `` logical link '' `` factual conclusion '' - please provide proof . 
  like a fucking baby bird-your ignorance is by choice on this topic . 
  seriously , i am ready for a civil war against right-wing scum that are happy to align with foreign powers and destroy institutions in order to justify the false reality that they inhabit . 
  they made me their enemy ; may as well join the battle . 
  fortunately , opioids and meth seem to be doing the job for me . 
   do you have evidence of interference ? 
  you use the word fact but fail to show any proof . 
  i 'm beginning to believe that you are russian shill . 
  there is no reason for anyone no on the take to deny that the interference occurred-no one , not even fox news , denies that . 
  you 're capable of using a computer , and can look up anything you want on this point-i suggest you do so . 
  whatever proof you want , however technically you want-it 's all been reported on by any news organization you can name , left and right . 
  google is magical . 
  you will no doubt reject it , however , as that is what trumpet-defense-mode forces you to do . 
   the cia 's ( its hilarious that you trust any organization of that nature ) word isnt evidence . 
  bullshit like this is why the world despises you sorry fucks so much . 
  what , you think the cia is bastion of liberalism out to get little donny ? 
  why would n't you trust the pre-eminent american counterintelligence agency on something like this ? 
  why would they lie ? 
  what possible gain is there to the agency ? 
   you seem to have a lot of faith in agencies that have led the us into wars based on lies , counter-productive drug wars , and illegal regime change around the globe . 
  forgive me if i 'm a bit suspicious of them . 
  drinking the right-wing kool-aid . 
  the cia ( and others ) called bullshit on the nie 's claims about wmd 's in iraq and an active program there . 
  read for yourself-the whole thing is contained within : http://www.businessinsider.com/heres-the-full-version-of-the-cias-2002-intelligence-assessment-on-wmd-in-iraq-2015-3 drug wars are hardly the cia 's brainchildren , either-that was moron reagan 's idea . 
  you really think the cia pushed for the `` war on drugs '' ? 
  i mean ... seriously ? 
  that 's not getting into the obvious question of why the nsa and dia would also want to team up and bring little donny down . 
  you 're simply constructing conspiracy theories designed to pre-emptively protect trump from any and all criticism . 
  there is simply no reason not to trust their evidence beyond the right-wing desire not to . 
   `` facts '' `` logical link '' `` factual conclusion '' - please provide proof . 
  like a fucking baby bird-your ignorance is by choice on this topic . 
  seriously , i am ready for a civil war against right-wing scum that are happy to align with foreign powers and destroy institutions in order to justify the false reality that they inhabit . 
  they made me their enemy ; may as well join the battle . 
  fortunately , opioids and meth seem to be doing the job for me . 
   shut the fuck up you ignorant idiot . 
  syria is by far the biggest source of migrants right now . 
  second ? 
  iraq . 
  third ? 
  yea , i know the population of 15 yr old syrians who barely speak arabic that happened to get to germany has increased dramatically . 
  now , where are they actually from ? 
  who knows . 
  it 's such a problem that germany is literally investing in speech recognition software to filter out the liars . 
  and i 'll tell you something else : many of you-germany especially-are entirely complicit . 
  hosting tens of thousands of american soldiers , being the logistical hub from which much of this occurs , and then turning around and bitching when the things you enable go south . 
  you should really just admit that you benefit too much by being complicit to stop doing so , and stop with all the false outrage . 
  stop enabling , stop getting all the benefits from doing so , then bitch . 
  until you do , you 're just an obnoxious hypocrite really, 
  most germans should spine up and make it happen , then-but they wo n't , because the going is too good for you with the current setup . 
  no one 's forcing you to keep playing host after all . 
  so stfu or do something about it-that 's what the rest of the world would say to you if they were being honest . 
  what are friends for , if not to tell us the hard truths, 
  in history ? 
  you need to brush up on your history if you believe that . 
  we do n't even make the top 10 . 
  i can hardly believe someone could make that claim, 
  it 's like a less overtly rude version of what trump might say, 
  i 'm just saying that a shocking number of people heading to europe are not even from places where these conflicts are going on , invitation or no . 
  mali , somalia , eritrea-places with tons of problems , but mostly unrelated to anything outside the usual local screwups . 
  the only one really generating lots of refugees is syria , and that 's hardly something we started . 
  even iraq , somehow , has relatively low transnational refugee flows , though i have no idea why : http://popstats.unhcr.org/en/overview the people with the right to complain about u.s. foreign policy causing refugee flows live in the affected countries themselves , where i can only assume that idp 's are a much bigger issue . 
  i also find it hilarious when germans complain , though , as if they are not complicit in whatever we do . 
  they host one of the biggest contingents of american forces on earth ; they aid and abet whatever we do in the middle east so long as that remains true , whether that cuts into their morally-superior image of themselves or not . 
  your bombastic nonsense aside , i 've got news for you : you host something like 30,000 u.s. troops and tons of infrastructure to support them and operations in the middle east . 
  you 're not as complicit , but you are not exactly blameless , either , whether you want to sit back and feel special about yourselves or not . 
  you 're the master enabler of europe , really , and you really should n't complain until you give up the benefits you get from playing this role . 
   and now you blame us , germany , for helping some of this people ? 
  ... get lost you do n't get to complain if you invite a problem onto your own shores-them 's the breaks . 
  besides , many of the people flooding in are from everywhere but those three places , they 're just lying so gullible fools will let them stay . 
  if it were any city other than new york , i 'd agree . 
  i see way too many new york shirts and shit worn by people around europe for people not to know that nyc has its iffy areas, 
  2003 had nothing to do with that sentiment, 
  the point is that there is no real pressure on climate change for the system to respond to-at least not from democrats . 
  it 's a cultural-backwardness pride thing for the right , so they push it hard . 
  it 's just not at the top of the agenda for the left , so dems rarely face any heat over it . 
  all they have to do is be slightly better than the gop on it , which is a very low bar to hit, 
  not only them , but it 's not that common a sentiment . 
  britain does too . 
  i just do n't see most of the rest of western europe being as mad as the french are about similar sarcasm, 
  `` the most common countries of origin for applicants in germany were syria , afghanistan and iraq . '', 
  well obviously-who 's going to wander and claim to be anything other than a 15 yr old from one these three places ? 
  now , where are they actually from i wonder ? 
  it 's the humor . 
  french people have a sense of national pride in their history , military and otherwise , that is frankly unusual among most europeans . 
  to which i say : `` french wwii-era rifle for sale !, 
  never fired , only dropped once ! '', 
  yea , the cops carry serious weapons openly too . 
   after all people in ghettoes are still people , this is n't normal spend an hour or two with them and see if you still believe that . 
  you 'll wonder , i promise you . 
  i went to public schools with them for twelve years and i am not surprised at all that they never escape, 
  right ? 
  not the hood or gangland haha .
