  you 've been allowed to run your own government as one country for just shy of thirty years . 
  little early to make the judgment, 
  well , i know that this random link has me sold, 
  in all the right places . 
  i do n't hate germans or germany , i just find the hypocrisy on this issue among many of them to be funny and a little pathetic . 
  migrants will have enough to make up for it , so there 's that . 
  he must mean that the periphery brings it down to a level where it benefits the core as compared with where the core 's currencies would be sand the periphery , while keeping high enough to harm the periphery as compared with where the periphery would be otherwise . 
  bumfuck , egypt is the best location flair i 've ever seen by a wide margin, 
  that 's great and all , but it 's still a stupid thing to use as some sort of act that defies trump 's vision-given that this sort of thing is his vision . 
  yes , russia has taught germany a lesson several times throughout history . 
  you know them quite well by now . 
  as for the rest : basically , yes-we could make poverty vanish in a year if we choose to , and have universal health care for all . 
  republicans do n't want to , so we do n't . 
  i make no excuses for that failure , unlike you and your excuses for your own hypocrisy on your cooperation and collaboration with american forces . 
  it looks like a suck a joke from this side of the atlantic . 
  if germans really thought they got nothing out of the deal , they 'd end the deal . 
  hypocritical whining and denial does n't change that simple fact . 
  and therein lies the problem : the interests of industry lobbyists are rarely the same as yours . 
  well obviously-that 's what sanctions are , although the goal is to get you to fuck off from ukraine . 
  economic damage is just the tool for doing so , not the goal . 
  many germans like to think of themselves as better than us , while also hosting our forces ( there is no occupation of germany anymore ) , benefiting from it , and enabling us to do our thing much more effectively than we could otherwise . 
  they 're really just self-interested hypocrites , whether admitting it conflicts with their self-image or not . 
  at least some of the other critics are n't doing this . 
  much more respect for them . 
  no , germany requests more pipelines and dependence from russia . 
  easy mistake to make , i know . 
  you apparently have enough hate speech to do something radical like this . 
  so all is not as rosy as you would like to think . 
  no one discounts the isis threat globally . 
  i 'm just confident that keeping them around in syria is more useful to russia right now than not doing so , thus the relative inaction . 
  if isis were focused on assad , russia would have hit them much harder . 
  also , us is n't undercounting-it 's just counting only those in syria and iraq who are actual fighters . 
  those in other countries and doing other things are n't included . 
  there is 0 incentive for the us to undercount . 
  some died , some went home , some went elsewhere to continue the cause ( libya , turkey , and afghanistan being good examples ) , some are n't combatants . 
  i maintain that a 100k force could sweep aside every opponent in syria with ease . 
  that 's us-occupation in iraq level numbers ; ca n't be taken seriously that isis could fund and administer such a force . 
  the kurds probably will keep hold of the land , though mostly because no central government in syria can control it or would be trusted to do so . 
  they may be abandoned ( i 'm inclined to agree ) , but you never know in a situation like this . 
  even if they are , there are other backers willing to step up and arm them . 
  i thought you were russian . 
  instead , you 're just another european feigning outrage about american bases there while doing nothing about it and lapping up all the benefits that our presence must bring-else why continue to tolerate it ? 
  you can buy your energy from russia if you want-there will be a healthy dose of i told you so later , along with further discontent in the east . 
  your problems , not ours . 
  beneficial for us , really, 
  yea , i 'm sure cambodia will adhere to required standards . 
  / s our government would never enforce such a thing properly . 
  and you laugh , but japan is notorious for finding ways to engage in stealth protectionism . 
  not on the labor front , but do n't be surprised if there is shocking spike in rejections of agricultural shipments for health and safety reasons . 
  abusing legitimate tools to restrict exports is their calling card . 
  it took sustained pressure related to domestic anger to make them stop with us , and that 's taking into account that japan is extremely dependent on the us for defense . 
  yea , because it 's economy was and is in tatters . 
  obama was hardly gloating over his own alleged role in this , as you claimed before . 
  petrostates struggle when oil falls . 
  looked up the meme . 
  not gon na lie : i do n't get it, 
  really ? 
  how is that our fault exactly ? 
  and your original post and the duplicity within is easily the most russian post in this thread, 
  that 's not fair . 
  germany offered you a final solution , which you so rudely rejected . 
  your continent lol . 
  all are belong to mother russia eh ? 
  the more you act like you do , the more nato assets you 'll see in europe, 
  yea , so you and your buddies can break them , lie about it , and ensure that no one else gets weapons . 
  i can see why you 're so supportive . 
  there 's a family guy clip that 's on point . 
  too lazy to link it while on mobile, 
  that 's one effect . 
  increased dependence is obviously going to follow as well-there 's no reason to think that it wo n't . 
   though it has to be said that germany first tried to reroute it through the baltics and poland , but they refused because they 're friendly with ukraine . 
  no , they refused because this does n't address the problem , and probably never imagined that something like ns2 would come to be . 
  dollar stronk, 
   hezbollah 's been crippled from this conflict with isis , they 've invested too much trying to save assad in syria . 
  no doubt , but the bigger damage comes from ceding their role as nominally non-sectarian reform movement . 
  that illusion is gone now , and that 's the real problem for them . 
   he only game changer that helped iran/hezbollah was russian air assistance and involvement in the region , which i suspect iran may have offered russia an incentive by covering partial operation costs , the only prospect russia can lose is their naval base and russia has already invested too much into the country ( considering they even now have various ground divisions deployed in syria as well ) . 
  which is largely unrelated to isis . 
  russia has done little to isis for a number of reasons , mostly because isis has n't seriously focused on assad and because keeping isis around is politically useful for all partied backing assad . 
  russia broke the stalemate in aleppo , but it 's been a non-factor against isis . 
   it may appear that iran , russia and hezbollah are more determined and serious in combating isis [ other groups as well ] it does n't appear that way to me at all . 
  hezbollah got serious only a few times , and it was to save assad and to keep isis out of lebanon . 
   the only difference between the kurds and the previous three i 've listed , is that the kurds are annexing land that previously belonged to arabs and assyrians , it seems most people do n't care though . 
  annexing land ? 
  syria is a collapsed mess . 
  they 're not annexing land , they 're just the only game in town available to control it . 
   additionally , nobody in the region has made any concrete penetration into the heart of isis territory , they have state of the art weapons which as i said before , which has crippled factions like hezbollah . 
  it is going to be a slow process because it is a difficult task . 
  they have excellent equipment because the iraqis threw it on the ground and ran away from mosul years ago , despite outnumbering and outgunning isis massively . 
  to the surprise of no one who has ever worked with them . 
  also , the attack on the isis heartland has already started : https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/06/world/middleeast/us-backed-forces-begin-assault-on-raqqa.html it 's a soft paywall-10 free articles a month , or unlimited free articles if you open a new browsing session in incognito mode ( 10 free ones per session ) . 
   the recent putin interviews by oliver stone , vladimir putin stated that isis has an estimated ~ up to 100k members if i recall correctly as well . 
  putin has strong incentives to inflate this number . 
  i put no stock in that assessment , especially since russia is n't doing anything to isis . 
  numbers globally are a different story , but the u.s. and friends estimate that there somewhere around 15k actual fighters remaining in iraq and syria : http://english.alarabiya.net/en/news/middle-east/2017/03/02/up-to-15-000-isis-fighters-remain-in-iraq-and-syria.html 100k well-equipped and trained fighters would frankly overrun every other force in syria in a matter of weeks . 
  there is no way the number is that high . 
   racist language was banned in the uk and you rarely hear it any more . 
  lol they voted to leave to eu to reduce the number of foreigners . 
  you 're out of your mind if you think hate speech laws rid people of hate, 
  yea-better to pretend like it does n't exist and hope that it goes away .
