  we may be talking long , long term , but the ultimate destination will be building and launching in space . 
  we 're both happy to have you elsewhere as well , both in whatever reality you inhabit and whatever place is unlucky enough to have to claim you, 
   the currently most realistic plan ( because it 's just about going to mars as quickly and cheaply as possible and not about building a moon base or constructing some huge interplanetary transporter in space ) also , the future of spaceflight also ca n't rely on building things on earth and shooting them into space . 
  the expense and risk involved are too high when you start talking about sustained expeditions to mars and beyond . 
  one failure could literally destroy a space program or private company trying to get it done . 
  that 's more or less what happened with the space shuttle , just on a smaller scale . 
  assembling the parts in space and sending them out from there minimizes those risks in comparison to just launching from earth . 
  it 's not a stretch to think there will be space station of some sort that will allow for these launches to occur from orbit . 
  details, 
  it 's all non-existent right now . 
  does n't mean people are n't thinking of how to change that, 
   it just does n't make sense , if you want to do an interplanetary transporter that is assembled in space you can do that in leo , why would you want to go into the gravity well of the moon ? 
  my understanding is that a launching base orbiting around the moon is the idea-not on it . 
  a base on the moon is just an logical next step in space regardless of mars, 
   surely launching it from earth is easier . 
  you 're on the moon and all of a sudden `` ah fuck we 're missing a screw '' . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the amount of weight you 'd have to get up there at one time , and if even one thing goes wrong at launch ... on the moon is a bit much , but from space makes more sense, 
  if you say so . 
  funny how antipathy can blind someone to the obvious . 
  we got to the moon 50 years ago , and you think we ca n't engage in manned space flight now ... why , exactly ? 
  the answer is obvious : we waved the mission accomplished flag and space travel fell by the wayside . 
   it can be a problem because you never had a national id . 
  which is my only point . 
  we still would n't . 
  states run elections , and that arrangement has been the source of much bullshit and heartache for a number of years now . 
  a federal id is something that makes tons of sense , but it wo n't happen precisely because it will make it easier to vote . 
  republicans are a structural minority in america ; they 'll never do anything that makes it easier for everyone to vote . 
   true that i do n't know how hard it is to give 50 $ to get an id but if it 's only for the price . 
  we pay 65 chf for a 10 year valid national id and you have to book it at least 1 or 2 weeks in advance . 
  price is * usually * not the issue , but it depends on where you are and how bullshit the requirements to get an id are . 
  it 's like $ 15 for a drivers ' license or id card . 
  but , you need a bunch of other stuff to get it . 
  where i live . 
  you need a birth certificate plus passport or two other forms of id instead of a passport-the most common are a utility bill ( for proof of address ) and a social security card . 
  getting a birth certificate and a ss card is painful , time-consuming process that costs a little money ( $ 40 at the high end ) and a ton of time . 
  especially the birth certificate-if your parents were shit , you 've got no chance of knowing what county you were born in , for instance , and only individual counties keep records that id issuing office will accept . 
  how are you ever supposed to get one in this situation ? 
  my dad is 70 , has voted all his life , but is probably up shit creek thanks to this one . 
  and , of course , it takes documents to even get your ss card and birth certificate in the first place . 
  it can become a circular nightmare that is hard for a someone who works all the time to navigate . 
  i ca n't emphasize how much time it can take to do this in some places ; you 'd have to have lived here and dealt with state-level government to understand . 
  and that 's the whole point : to put enough of the right barriers up that people who tend to vote for democrats give up . 
  i could go on , but this tiny example should drive the point home . 
  also , it 's even worse in other states : shit like a concealed carry ( that 's license to carry a hidden gun on your person ) permit is ok in some states , but a student id from a public university run by the individual state is n't in texas , for instance . 
  why ? 
  because concealed-carry idiots will vote republican , and college students will vote for democrats . 
  you must admit : it 's easy to love to hate him . 
  he 's media gold for that reason, 
   tell that to the baltic states who have hundreds of thousands of russians living within their borders whom russia could use to pull another crimea and donbass . 
  and into whom russia could easily march its troops . 
  troops which europe has no hope of removing without us support . 
  i may be in the minority , but i really do n't think russia would willingly tangle with the eu+uk . 
  the only scenario where that would occur is one where both the eu and nato 's security guarantees are unreliable . 
   as in , it 's been calculated that there 's no feasible way to make the return trip , fuel simply weights too much ( vast majority of mass iirc ) , ca n't even get to orbit weighing that much . 
  it would n't surprise me . 
  i assume that if it could be done , it really would look like something out of the movie the martian-the transport craft stays in orbit , and people go down on a lander or something . 
  sort of like a much more ambitious version of what the apollo capsules did . 
   so , the idea is to send the first volunteers on a one-way trip , with whatever supplies they need to establish a first self-sufficient but tiny colony . 
  then you send more and more people , and hopefully after some time we get better space-transport . 
  sounds like a job for robots , honestly, 
  we can get to the moon . 
  we 've put people there and gotten them back a dozen or so times . 
  no one 's going to be building a moon base anytime soon , though . 
  my assumption is that it will be assembled in space , then make it 's final departure from wherever it was put together . 
  moon , some space station built for the purpose , whatever . 
  the current semi-plan is to make it more affordable , though ( space x and friends ) . 
  we spent over 5 % gdp on the our space program back in the '60s . 
  that 's like $ 1 trillion a year in current dollars , which is n't going to happen . 
  what i really want to know is how they intend to get people back from mars after sending them there . 
  that seems like the hardest part of all, 
   the problem with trump is that he indicated that he will no longer unconditionally support your allies , and thereby opens the door for other powers to see what is possible luckily for nato , russia is not the soviet union of old . 
  no one 's going to bother anyone in the north atlantic anytime soon , and certainly not within trump 's tenure . 
  he has n't really done the same waffling with other allies , although he seemed to relish being a massive dick to australia of all places . 
  which is funny , because americans like australia more than they 'll ever like trump, 
   `` europe will pay for what they have done . 
  god willing , the question of the european union will again be on the table after 16 april , '' said erdo\u011fan . '', 
  yea , he 'll show y' all-he 'll end turkey 's eu membership bid . 
  take that and stuff, 
   i mean you can say the same thing about republicans not really-their problems was having too many people running in the primary . 
  most could have beaten him 1 v 1 , but they split their votes all to hell and allowed him to slither in, 
   takes two to tango -- the democratic party could n't produce someone who could beat trump . 
  it could-the dnc just absolutely refused to do so , despite hrc 's struggles against a nobody in a primary in 2008 and her poor popularity numbers before the most recent business even began, 
  that 's not an outlandish concept , really . 
  launching a spacecraft from the moon to mars has to be easier than building it and launching it from earth . 
  you almost have to assemble the thing in space , frankly, 
  picture pretty much proves the point : it 's off our radar . 
  does n't change how the space race between the ussr and us ended, 
   but really , if china attacks us in the scs , or if north korea launches a missile , will the eu stop them ? 
  `` shared defense '' is kind of a joke . 
  we 're only sharing in the defense of europe . 
   though there is no doubt in my mind that we would go to war alongside you . 
  it 's a moot point . 
  we outspend and outpower everyone else militarily by such a significant margin ; no one is going to attack us . 
  why would they ? 
  it 's pointless to argue about what the rest of nato might or might not do in a hypothetical that will truly stay in the realm of theory, 
   this story is criminally under reported . 
  honestly , it 's also overshadowed by the general insanity of recent events . 
  news cycles are unforgiving to deserving victims all the time for similar reasons . 
  there 's something like four famines moving forward in slow-motion , potential escalation in syria , continued conflict in yemen , truly awful things happening in south sudan , and increased tensions on the korean peninsula .
