  le pen and melenchon 's successes in getting as far as they did should itself tell you that your assessment on what macron 's election means is probably off-base, 
   the proposed budget unveiled tuesday by the trump administration you know what proposed means ? 
  i say again : trump does n't set budgets , because that 's what congress does . 
  it does n't matter what you have read that may claim the contrary-this is how it 's worked since the 1780 's , and how it still works today . 
  so ... when you say :  trump just decreased the healthcare budget while increasing the budget for the military . 
  you are wrong, 
   trump just decreased the healthcare budget while increasing the budget for the military . 
  trump does not set budgets . 
  he has not , and can not , do such a thing . 
   it 's not false , because most of the money does n't translate into healthcare services but into big pharma profits . 
  i reiterate :  that 's all well and good , but your main claim was that we spend it all on our military to the detriment of healthcare . 
  which is false and repeated far too often by those who know too little to have an opinion on the matter, 
  choosing the least unpalatable choice does n't tell you anything about what people wanted from the choice . 
  even i , little as i know about the three , think melenchon is just a weird mix of opinions , and le pen was too crazy to win . 
  seeing what you want in the election does n't make it so . 
  salon does n't pretend to be objective news , but it does not peddle in lies and conspiracy-theory bullshit . 
  there is no comparison to be made, 
  it makes me sad in what soul i have left to know that some asshole in europe reads breitbart, 
  that 's all well and good , but your main claim was that we spend it all on our military to the detriment of healthcare . 
  which is false and repeated far too often by those who know too little to have an opinion on the matter, 
  facts and transparency do n't matter . 
  the ugly truth ( as we americans now known better than all but a few places in eastern europe ) is that the only people who believe this shit are those who , on an emotional level due to their own political leanings , want to . 
  all the transparency and logic in the universe will not persuade them . 
  sorry danes , but this is n't going to solve any problem that you think you have, 
  salon is a nyt publication . 
  please be serious, 
  italians ignore and mock their own rules . 
  do n't feel special , uk, 
  macron was elected because the french hated their ruling parties with a passion and distrusted le pen so much that they handed the job to the first outsider they saw who was n't her . 
  do n't impose your own ambitions and thoughts and voters elsewhere-it 's a common mistake that people make, 
  is it ? 
  germany could n't invade an all-you-can-eat buffet today . 
  france is safer than it 's ever been . 
  i can see why it 's not a top priority for france, 
  the ugly truth is that most of the west purged or suppressed opposing cultures during the early days in which democracy took root . 
  we did n't live in harmony until we were established and successful , whether people like this unpleasant historical reality or not . 
  idk if it causes inherent problems in artificial nations like syria or not , but we are not a good comparator for a place like syria at all, 
  a notable contrast with french people , who seem to hate all politicians, 
  more like ... germany would jump at the first measly face-saving offer thrown their way , then do a lot of talking . 
  france would n't have to do this-they could just point to germany 's decision , say that the common-defense promises are meaningless , and ask why they should act . 
  they 'd have a good point , too . 
  germany is expected not to join for once rofl, 
  you should really look at how much we spend on healthcare before spouting nonsense like this . 
  i say let them pride away on that front , regardless of the reality . 
  they are actually doing something useful ( initiatives in the sahel and work in mali ) , and should be supported and encouraged, 
  i doubt that . 
  the soviets were not going to win that fight by their definition of win , similar to us today or to our experience in vietnam . 
  staying out would n't have been an option at some point, 
  i do n't think that . 
  if the people in those regions do n't want to be a part of ukraine without receiving special treatment , then the ukrainian government should just let them go free or join russia . 
  the remaining citizens will be better off without such trojan horses hiding in plain sight , ready to destabilize and cause havoc and misery whenever they feel it 's politically advantageous to do so . 
  unless the entire country is at risk of similar , fragmentation this is the most sensible long-term outcome, 
  the germans would never support it without considerable pressure applied . 
  they are far more interested in cozying up to vlad to consider it on the merits . 
  i 'm against it , but it 's just easier and better for us to keep germany as the spoiler . 
  they could be pressured into supporting it , but it 's better for us and friends not to do so . 
  the italians could be drug along either way , and there 's no reason to put them on the spot in the same way . 
  crimea is gone-russia took it by force , and it is n't coming back . 
  if the other regions want to leave , then they should , and spare everyone the and drama . 
  just what i said : we would have wasted money and blood propping up a government doomed to fail . 
  the afghans did n't want it , and no amount of repressing was going to change the outcome, 
  minimal cost . 
  `` pledged '' money = not spent . 
  you 'd struggle to find an easier win, 
  it 's more like `` this is the price of admission : play by the same rules as everyone else , or do n't participate at all . '', 
  if every state got special treatment whenever it entered the us it would be an even bigger dysfunctional mess than it is now . 
  ukraine would have similar problems, 
   why should 1 country in the eu have a veto over what the majority wants ? 
  the eu is not a country-it 's an igo that has operate under the rules it 's members demand . 
  countries already have rules that people have to play by , and they rarely ( or at least should n't ) include veto rights by a privileged minority . 
   ( btw are n't there some things in america that all the states have to agree on or no ) no-unanimity is never required . 
  why should one recalcitrant region have a veto over what the majority wants ? 
   if ukraine wants crimea and the donbass back , they ca n't just say `` we want you back but we 'll ignore your wishes '' . 
  there are compromises to make . 
  if this is really the mindset of those living there , perhaps ukraine should let them go ( donbass included ) and move on in a state that can actually function . 
   and ukraine needs to do a lot to win over the eastern regions to support joining eu or nato . 
  i see no reason why this should be a requirement , even if it proceeds . 
  russia does not get a veto just by stirring up trouble there . 
   i 'm glad you acknowledge that it is propaganda . 
  woe on trump for exposing people to its toothlessness . 
  are you really so stupid that you ca n't see how the good press came at no cost , and the international condemnation was totally unnecessary ? 
  we were going to hit all of our goals under the treaty already . 
  now , every asshole in the world who intended to break it anyways can-and will blame us . 
  and people will blame us . 
  as opposed to before , where we could burnish our own image globally and use that as a cudgel against those that needed convincing to comply . 
  it 's soft-power 101 , and every idiot with half a brain could see it . 
  petty stupidity like trump 's decision to give up these free benefits , and accept all the unnecessary costs , is what you get when a party that glorifies ignorance and denies basic , foundational science is in control, 
   why is that an absurd ? 
   food insecurity in britain i will let you ponder the answer to your own question . 
   our dear leaders got to pat themselves on the back for a work well done and the uninformed population now thinks that the accord actually does something about climate change . 
  what a great victory for the international virtue signaling community . 
  yes , and we got to bask in goodwill , however toothless the agreement was . 
  and the ignorant right-wing turned this easy propaganda win into an international embarrassment . 
  there is no `` getting through '' on this matter . 
  it 's simple : trump 's dedicated base is opposed to the paris agreement . 
  he withdrew , because it satisfied them . 
  all the words in the universe wo n't change this calculus . 
   protecting those people i hate to break it to you , but what the soviets did in poland was a far cry from protecting anyone from anything . 
  it can be as sensitive topic as you like at home , but you simply have to accept that the people you subjugated for the better part of 50 years do n't see it that way . 
  if you were serious about these monuments and such , you 'd acknowledge and address that legacy instead of writing some false-history narrative to feed some sense of grievance .
