  because trump thinks that he can get a better deal with individual nations than he can with the eu as a bloc . 
  it 's the same reason he 'd rather make over a dozen agreements with tpp members than sign the tpp itself . 
  good logic or not , that 's his logic, 
   unless people are only sentenced to death if there is conclusive dna evidence in your country , right now , your mocking means fuck all and you can shove it . 
  does jury still convict ? 
  that 's why i asked a hypothetical-to get you to concede that it is reasonable in some circumstances . 
  no one is defending the current practice , so idk why you keep beating that drum . 
   `` to mock your righteous and sweeping claims . '', 
  and it worked . 
  you 've ceded the point , so i 'm done . 
  oppose further agreements until things are different . 
  if eu denizens really think this is such massively important issue , they are free to create their own version of tpp and show us silly americans how it 's done . 
  you and your friends over in sweden would riot before you tolerated such a deal , and we both know it , so i find the criticism from you bunch over in the eu a little disingenuous . 
  more to make yourselves feel good than anything . 
  the preaching in connection with this minor little bilateral treatment is a great example . 
  you reach the exact same type of deal trump preaches about , and then act like you can lecture anyone about trade . 
  it 's a joke , honestly , and you must know it on some level . 
  you also should not underestimate how unpopular broad-based multilateral trade agreements are right now , though-on either side of the atlantic . 
  ttip , tpp , both dead . 
  even clinton had to cave on tpp in the face of popular opposition . 
  i challenge you to even find a politician in the eu willing to support the ttip openly . 
  i 'll take all the lectures in the world from him/her , but the rest of you can really just keep the hypocrisy to yourselves and shove it on this topic . 
  eu no longer has more pull , nor is it as large an economy overall as us . 
  thank the u.k. and the weak euro for that . 
  that 's why i said that we are on plan b. 
  dna is going to render false accusations in that context moot . 
  there is no he said , she said . 
  which is why i choose that example : to mock your righteous and sweeping claims . 
  and trade agreements as we 've made them accelerates that trend and exacerbates its worst elements . 
  you are simply wrong about how broad-based the gains are . 
  regardless , society does n't help those people , so we have to work off of plan b. 
  no , we ca n't . 
  because it is n't . 
  i also doubt very much that obama said that . 
  the eu is a unified trade bloc . 
  it 's a bilateral agreement . 
  japan is not making 29 different deals with 29 different nations . 
  prohibited by the constitution, 
  yea-have a look at the tpp and tell me how the members stack up . 
  we make agreements to circumvent such things anyway-the idea that our government would do something to protect workers is a joke, 
  it makes the trend much worse, 
  see my response to the other guy, 
  which is why i asked about child rape and not murder-no gray area in that scenario . 
  your post is unresponsive to the posited question, 
  says you . 
  reagan is beloved by the right and despised by the left . 
  you 're dreaming if you think otherwise, 
  no-i actually hope you become one of those od statistics so that the world will be a better place . 
  fuck you is an understatement, 
  he 's been consistent on the multilateral part . 
  we only have his word on the bilateral part , but the point is that it 's silly to lecture on something he 's been preaching about . 
  maybe . 
  we use so much less oil that the gas tax really is n't enough to support the roads and other such infrastructure anymore . 
  and the higher the taxes , the greater the shift . 
  part of the reason the gas tax has n't gone up, 
  i mean ... the phrase `` the years of sanctions warfare '' is enough for anyone to see that this source ca n't be taken seriously, 
  we do . 
  he 's been consistent about bilateral trade agreements . 
  preference for those , hostility to multilateral deals like nafta/tpp, 
  no one said he was smart-just that this is the same exact type of agreement that he advocates for , and that holding up as a rebuke to him/us is dumb in light of that fact . 
  retraining workers has failed over and over here ; it 's a good idea that our governments ( state/fed ) simply can not implement effectively , for whatever reasons . 
   oh , my sweet summer child . 
  if only you knew the disastrous course trump has started you on . 
  you 're free to elaborate , oh condescending one . 
   he 's handed off asia and europe to china for free . 
  again , long on hyperbole , short on substance . 
   and those of us who are true friends of america , of the necessity of american dominance in the world and of the trans-atlantic partnership , are very much wishing for the return of reagan . 
  please-if you think trump has managed all this in less than six months , you 're as crazy as trump and his followers are . 
  and if you want reagan back , you 're no friend to anyone living in this nation , i promise you that, 
  is it ? 
  fun fact for you : bilateral trade treaties like this one are exactly what trump advocates for . 
  so ... it 's kind of a silly thing to be referencing trump/u . s. 
  about , really, 
   nevertheless , my point still stands . 
  because the same thing keeps trump from getting 2 + terms . 
  he will get another term for sure , especially if people like you will keep this attitude and blame everyone else , instead of ousting people like clinton , and doing some self-reflection there 's no reason to assume that he will, 
  troll post , troll flair . 
  i respect it, 
  it means that your hyperbole about china :  about to economically dick down the pacific bareback at the expense of us & our allies . 
  is nonsense . 
  china is already trading massively with every proposed member of the tpp , us included . 
   two very different political & economic systems are going to be clashing more & more for influence & dominance not only in asia , but the world as well over the next century . 
  china is not going to try and spread their economic system-if anything , they 'd prefer that everyone else open up while they continue to turtle up and keep barriers high . 
  which tpp would have no effect on . 
   state-based capitalism against free market-based capialism , liberal democracies against illiberal authoritarians . 
  you should take a second look at the tpp participants-they are hardly bastions of freedom and liberal democracy , on balance . 
   i 'd rather not handicapp our side before things even heat up , not when it has the potential to so severly compromise the national interests of us & our allies . 
  i 'm not seeing the massive handicapping here , sorry . 
  the real damage comes from wasting all that time and money , asking others to take the political risk in working with us on this , only to back at at the last minute . 
   an never underestimate the effect a type of economic & political system can have on a country 's national interests , and never forget that war is just politics by any other means . 
  so even without war , that rivalry & competition is still there . 
  and it 's still happening , tpp or no . 
  the effect of one trade agreement is magnified to a ridiculous degree for no justifiable reason-an effect that no one is actually sure would have been positive . 
  yea : facebook and friends pull out of places making these kinds of demands , and let said places balkanize their internet to their hearts ' content . 
  i 'm sure russia and china have some ideas for you on that front . 
  sounds like a solution to me . 
  only certain parts of the west do it-mostly those who have anointed themselves as beyond the petty concerns of other mortals due to ascending to a higher level of human evolution . 
  i can not imagine the whining we 'd see if trump tried this ( which would be justified anyhow ) . 
  are you kidding ? 
  they never get to the acceptance stage,
