yea , chem weapons stockpile . 
  i have no doubt that assad is the one that gassed the rebels , but the idea that someone else did it surprisingly widespread on this sub . 
  it 's like watching mh-17 happen in reverse , really, 
   so do think there is any point , moral or otherwise , in pushing for sanctions against russia for supporting assad ? 
  honestly , that 's a question for the eu to decide for itself at this stage . 
  we have so few economic ties to russia that our opinion on it is almost irrelevant . 
  outside of all the money that russian oligarchs pay trump 's friends , there 's basically nothing there to sanction . 
  i do think that , once the evidence sufficient to satisfy the skeptics in europe comes in , there should be a serious debate about the agreement russia brokered back in 2013 concerning the supposed declaration and destruction of syria 's nuclear stockpile , and whether further sanctions related to any deception on their part in implementing the deal are warranted . 
   informing their readers of a very vocal group of trolls using racist memes is `` doing the same thing ? '', 
  what ? 
  basically , yes . 
  i do n't live in france , but i 'm betting that this is not one of the more pressing issues facing it right now . 
  even giving these fools airtime is , by default , going to disseminate their message far more broadly and effectively than the idiots themselves ever could . 
   assad has been crushing it recently . 
  retaking aleppo was a huge hurdle and after he managed that , it because obvious that he will defeat the rebels in time . 
  assad 's patrons have been crushing it recently . 
  they can clear an area out , but that 's far cry from controlling and governing it . 
  russia does want to play policeman in syria , and it 's open question as to whether iran will . 
  just look at what happened in lebanon and iraq for evidence of what syria might wind up looking like after assad `` wins . '', 
   that is why the west is pushing so hard for a diplomatic solution now . 
  the longer they wait , the more ground the rebels lose and the weaker their position in arguing that assad must go . 
  maybe . 
  ultimately irrelevant , though , and done for show . 
  the idea that the west can convince even a small portion of the rebels to give up is , and always has been , silly . 
  saudi arabia and turkey back them and have more sway with them than anyone interested in peace does, 
  no we do n't . 
  atlanta , d.c. , and two southern universities-one massive , one tiny . 
  do n't get me wrong-there were some people opposed to putin 's policies in the mix , and they had a pretty rocky relationship with those who did . 
  but those opposed were far outnumbered by those who were n't . 
   that is not what was reported . 
  how many more lying 4chan trolls are going to keep spreading this lie ? 
  i 'm not worried about what was reported-this is how it 's viewed now , and there 's only one reason why . 
  if they did n't get outsized media exposure , the stupid things the 4chan idiots do would be ignored by everyone like everything else that they do . 
  bbc 's just doing the same thing ( admittedly , a really cringeworthy attempt ) for the french version of this stupidity . 
  you ca n't tell you me that this is n't the case, 
   the moment russian national security is under real threat due to the west , it never will be , because keeping russia from messing with nato/the eu is hardly a national security threat to russia . 
  moreover , it 's foolish to think that russia would start a war with the west . 
  russian foreign policy since the end of wwii has been to avoid such a thing for a reason, 
   but usa and eu armed illegal militias in ukraine , and helped a violent revolution very few people in the u.s. care about ukraine . 
  the idea that we 'd waste any time sparking an uprising there is about as plausible as the wizard of oz . 
  it may not be the popular thing to say , but it 's what most american would probably tell if you they could answer anonymously . 
  it 's kind of insulting to the ukrainians , honestly : they are simply puppets in our might american hands ? 
   , so that a nazi party who had less than 5 % of the votes is now in charge of army , police , judicial system and much more . 
  see point no . 
  1 , about the u.s. not caring about ukraine . 
  blame your loudest brexiteers . 
  if anyone thinks that 's possible , those loud few are to blame, 
  pretty sure r/europe is going to break for the uk ... 
  it actually surprises me how disliked russia on this sub . 
  americans seem underestimate how much europeans appear to dislike what russia 's doing in ukraine . 
  there 's a general sentiment here that western europe is indifferent/leaning friendly towards russia . 
   will you just let it devolve into another lawless middle eastern country with various hardline islamist factions controlling their own section ? 
  it already has . 
  the central government will probably never control the place again like it did before ; assad is literally carried on the back of iran ( and , to a much lesser extent , russia ) . 
  it 's not unlike what happened in lebanon . 
  assad would no doubt like to do so , but i have my doubts that iran and russia are really looking for a total victory on this level . 
  if you had to pick , that 's not a hard choice . 
  you do n't , though , because lng is never going to replace pipeline-gas . 
  it 's too expensive , and it takes a ton of infrastructure to get it ready for export and to store it/make it usable once it arrives . 
  pepe the frog is a classic example of the media giving a megaphone to fringe lunatics that would otherwise remain anonymous to most of humanity . 
  for whatever reason , right-wing nutjobs adopted the picture for racist and anti-semitic memes ( and i mean a tiny portion of even this bunch ) . 
  suddely , pepe is the meme version of evil incarnate , and somehow a racist , right-wing symbol . 
  which is hilarious , because i suspect that most of humanity could n't have identified pepe the frog if you put a gun to their head and made them pick it out of a lineup or frog-like memes . 
  if pepe the frog is now associated with racist crap ( which , for most people , still doubtful but whatever ) , it 's because overly-sensational stories about right-wing nuts introduced the stupid meme to people as such in the first place . 
  it 's just a stoner-looking frog . 
  why anyone would even bother to make a racist meme out of it is beyond me , but that hardly justifies the bizarre and overly-dramatic bbc bit here . 
  the bbc has to have better shit to do , honestly, 
   it is n't too far-fetched to think it might be the case in the future where putin will be forced to act against his unpredictable former ally , if he was to become a hindrance to him . 
  nothing is impossible , but that would be a pretty big black eye if putin had to both admit this and take action to fix the mistake . 
  hard to envision anything kadryov could to that would push the envelope that much, 
   dual citizens abroad are not a convenient punching bag to punish actions by the russian state . 
  hell , in many cases , they are people who may decidedly disagree with current russian policy . 
  do n't be so sure about that . 
  the dual citizens i 've met are overwhelmingly pro-putin , as are those here just for school/work . 
  i would bet that those who do n't , like russians in the general , are in the minority, 
   now i could honestly see a third chechen war taking place in the next decade , and sadly one bloodier than the past two . 
  why ? 
  putin 's original claim to legitimacy was ending the chechen conflict that had drug on for so ling . 
  having to fight there again would appear to be a big failure for him . 
  kadryov is paid handsomely to ensure such a thing does n't happen , in fact, 
  kangaroos are an acceptable form of public transportation, 
   this is not about countries and their goverments !, 
  this is about people belonging to enthnic groups that poles have some chance to meet in their country ( immigrants or tourists ) . 
  90 % of the poll is about countries , not ethnicity . 
  jews , roma , arabs are the only categories about ethnicity . 
  why include special categories for those , but the make rest countries , if that 's not the intended measurement ? 
  did n't you spend 100 years trying to conquer france ... 
   but what if britain and russia are your enemies ? 
  there 's not a country on earth that 's hostile to both britain and russia, 
   also , i feel you are underestimating the us . 
  beyond that , he 's simply misreading putin . 
  escalation is the last thing putin would want , because it is a losing proposition in every possible way . 
  he 's been very careful the past few years in syria : he stayed out before it was clear obama would not intervene , and then he committed an extremely limited number of assets there afterwards in order to help prop up assad . 
  the willingness and ability to confront us over syria was n't and is n't part of the russian mission there . 
  the most likely outcome to the most recent business is an attempt to iran and to a lesser extent russia to muzzle assad 's worst impulses . 
  and if that fails , i would expect to hear crowing about an assad-free syria by both in order to forestall escalation . 
  assad 's winning , iran 's getting what it wants , and russia is getting lots of unjustified good press for what is really iran 's work . 
  they all endanger their gains through any escalation , and they will all work to avoid it, 
  lol come on . 
  we do n't need to be friends with the international equivalent of a tiny yippie-dog that nips at your heels and tries to annoy you every chance it gets .
