  yea , russians mostly walk around looking like arrogant pricks ready to say and do something rude and abrasive ( and then they do ! ), 
  the worst people to run into in most places . 
  it 's usually easy to tell when someone is n't european , but it 's harder to peg where they are from specifically, 
  do you really think trumpets would change ? 
  they are mostly affluent older people-they 're not going to change their ways regardless of whether the change would be good or bad, 
  indeed-less than 30 years after our independence , when we were a fraction of our current size . 
  not exactly modern history, 
  lose is such a loose term . 
  is the retreat from vietnam really the same as hitler making much of france his bitch in the fight against the us , uk , and others ? 
  idk , i do n't think the french walked away from that a superpower . 
  we 're still surviving over here though . 
  i love that so much of this sub is just like the people they mock . 
  you clowns are a great example-twisting yourselves into knots to avoid admitting a fact you find emotionally inconvenient . 
  you do n't get crushed in the biggest war in human history , struggle in the second biggest , and not have it affect the perception of you globally . 
  deal , whiney bitches . 
  u mad that they get the good stereotypes ? 
  it 's not your imagination . 
  just finished a foray into italy-all of that is true . 
  you forgot to mention that bangladeshis run 95 % of all gift stands and places that sell food/drinks past like 9:00 pm though . 
  pretty handy for tourists . 
  yea-it 's everywhere . 
  ok , but not great . 
  could be better in germany though , idk, 
  you can fix that by adopting thanksgiving, 
  fine-it took the germans a little more than a month to flatten france . 
  get it together , germany , c'mon - a whole month ? 
  where is that teutonic efficiency you 're so known for ? 
   ww2 is way older than vietnam war , korean war and gulf wars . 
  so yes , usa deserve its reputation of losers that still think they are the best the day that saddam hussein or someone similar parades their minions through d.c. is the day you can complain to me about american military weakness , let alone something on the same scale as what germany 's done to france . 
   call me back when your country will face an invasion some years after losing 30 % of the 18-27 years old population ... yea , that 's going to happen . 
  there 's no german superhighway to d.c. ( belgium ) , so do n't count on it . 
   or when you country will successfully invade another one . 
  we invade and break shit like champs , then we get bored and tired of playing and leave . 
  yes , truly we have been devastated by the aforementioned conflicts . 
  ... except no one has ever flattened our proud army in a mater of days , occupied us for years , and even formed puppet governments that fought against those working to dispel our occupiers . 
  however unimpressed you are , recent history is what it is , and it 's the reason for the french jokes . 
  well , except for a select handful of collaborators with the nazis and advantageous `` neutrals '' they all got similar spankings . 
  it makes sense that you 'd be united by the same soreness, 
  did you just forget wwi and ii ? 
  well ... we made them . 
  so it 's not blame , it 's just an accurate statement . 
  yea , it 's almost like they were mostly smart enough to let other people exhaust themselves with stupidity and then slide to the top . 
  i know you used to excel on the battlefield . 
  so did the romans , once upon a time . 
  now , we joke about what a mess rome is . 
  and about your german spankings . 
  problem is the fit is just as expensive as civic . 
  what 's the point ? 
  also 19 mpg is either a super-old car or something like an suv . 
  that 's terrible, 
  i mean , it is a good thing . 
  still means that their modern record openthem up to sarcastic remarks like this one . 
  no kidding . 
  funny part is that it 's all true , despite all the whining . 
  looks like the french are still a little sore from those german spankings . 
  the wounds will heal in time . 
  france reclaimed land taken by germany thanks to others-come on now . 
  russia more than carries its weight in the last big wars , so whatever their failings back in the czarist era , it does n't matter anymore . 
  germany does n't get mocked for losing because it continuously beat up france . 
  france has n't had a great power conflict since . 
  and there 's no denying that they came up massively short in some really big situations . 
  19 mpg ? 
  that 's like an suv or truck . 
  a decent sedan should get much better than that around town . 
  25-26 at least . 
  again , too , you ca n't find those tinier cars at home . 
  i 've never seen anything smaller than a fit or that one tiny car that fiat sells at home . 
  people use their cars for other things , and something that is really tiny ( if you can even buy it here , which i ca n't guarantee ) will just require you to get a regular car anyway . 
  france sucks at way is much better than germans having no humor . 
  hardly anyone here even knows the latter . 
  if you want a german trope , pick something related to nazis i 'd say . 
  edit : also , blame your own country for the france jokes . 
  if not for the recent spankings you seemed to enjoy giving them , the tropes would n't exist at all, 
  they had a strong run ... then prussia and germany happened . 
  since we do n't live in the past , i find the jokes appropriate, 
  you have to use your own vehicle . 
  no one here owns cars smaller than sedans . 
  like all recent wars involving france : with great amusement . 
  because those are wars that france could n't technically lose . 
  they expect denmark to not be so crazy expensive , too . 
  copenhagen in particular has insanely high prices, 
  jamie lannister actor was also in the movie black hawk down . 
  he was one of the snipers who stayed to protect the downed pilot . 
  well ... someone inviting the world to float on over probably helped put the eu in this situation too . 
  double standards are a real problem though, 
  despite all stereotypes to this contrary , i actually found most of this to be true, 
  idk , seems like here the drive drive through is the priority . 
  there 's usually a line , but they take orders at two different drive through kiosks and keep it moving quickly . 
  from what i 've seen , they make most stuff fresh here , which they do n't at home , so it moves faster in general at home at the cost of freshness . 
  it 's way better here though , as is most food in general . 
  idk why exactly, 
  idk , it 's just the default here . 
  the fries here are meh anyways , so no real loss . 
  ime mcdonald 's is way better everywhere else , so it might be worth worrying about elsewhere too . 
  cheaper and bigger selection here , just better elsewhere though . 
  no , do n't have that for our cards that i know of . 
  i 've seen it but it 's rare . 
  you can link your card to your phone and do it that way though . 
  as for mcdonalds and the self-order machine , i 'd say drive throughs are so much more popular that they would n't save any time in the end . 
  our menus are also a fair bit bigger than the ones i 've seen here , and i think it would create big traffic jams if every idiot had the chance to thumb through it at the drive through .
