  do n't blame the world for the messes you create for yourselves , and do n't be surprised when you try and confront more powerful countries that you decided to betray and it comes back to bite you . 
   so you admit that they are trying to take money away from medicaid in order to give tax cuts to the rich . 
  cbo already confirmed this . 
  the only person who thinks this is in dispute is you . 
  they do n't even pretend like cutting medicaid to make passing a budget and tax cuts together easier is n't the goal . 
  idk why you think this is a revelation . 
   it 's way beyond skepticism . 
  your advice is to sit idly by on the hopes that disastrous bills will not be passed by the same people that wrote them and are actively pushing for them to get passed . 
  yep-because this is the worst-case scenario for them : failure , infighting , and paralysis . 
  any action taken against them would just give them an excuse to demand unity . 
   if it passes , it 's game over . 
  millions of people will get fucked for the benefit of a few rich people . 
  if it passes , they have to get reconcile it with house . 
  of course , they have to agree to vote on whether to vote in the first place , which they ca n't do , so ...  the point is that the gop is actively trying to do it . 
  they 're actively trying to take away health insurance from millions of people and your advice is to stand by and watch it happen . 
  i will believe that they are serious when i see them act serious , and what we are seeing right now is pure theater . 
  the only people who are serious are the ones refusing to vote for it , and many remaining members are merely hiding behind those who refuse . 
  it 's only a matter of time before infighting and finger-pointing ensues . 
   remember the 2008 crisis ? 
  trump and the gop want to remove the rules and regulations that were put in place to prevent it from happening again . 
   let me guess , `` they 're not gon na pass '' , right ? 
  revisions to these rules are not subject to votes in congress-that 's not how regulatory rulemaking of this sort works . 
  there 's no way to know whether it will succeed-especially if it can succeed before a new president is elected . 
  i know they are not lying , betraying assholes , and i know they 'd like to keep erdogan busy . 
  that 's all i need to know, 
  just ca n't help themselves . 
  once united , they pursue the goal with a single-mindedness you ca n't help just admire, 
  never heard of the latter, 
  troll it is . 
  you 're not serious-have fun . 
  erdogan needs reminding about his place in the pecking order . 
  at minimum , flood the kurds with weapons asap , if for no other reason than to keep this clown busy . 
  edit : and i do mean at minimum . 
  if people are ok with doing something like this , they simply are not afraid enough of the consequences . 
  that needs to change asap . 
  you do n't . 
  it 's a massive pain-obama tried to close it for years , but the gop blocked it at every turn . 
  my main point is that gb is not full of saints and heroes ; it 's mostly full of people so risky that few other nations on earth even want them . 
   why are you defending them ? 
  they are actively working on making these things real . 
  they are working on cutting the healthcare budgets . 
  people will lose their insurance while big companies will get tax cuts . 
  they are not working on making these things real . 
  they refuse to even vote on a clean repeal of the aca 's provisions , because they ca n't even muster the votes to vote on whether to vote on the repeal or not-they are not serious . 
  they profited politically for years by railing against the aca , and now face the bad choice of keeping it in place , or worse choice of passing the bcra or going for a pure repeal . 
  they created a mess for themselves that they ca n't solve , and they know it . 
  they would gladly let this die quietly , but trump wo n't let it go . 
  the end result will be the same , with maximum humiliation for them . 
   you 're trying to dismiss facts because a foreigner told them to you . 
  this is prejudice based on ethnicity . 
  it 's xenophobia . 
  prejudice on ethnicity ? 
  i do n't even what a romanian looks like . 
  this is about thinking you 're an expert on something that you are not . 
   my point is that these bills should n't have been proposed in the first place . 
   you 're defending them by saying that they wo n't pass . 
  this is a shitty argument . 
  do you have any concept how many bills are proposed that are never passed ? 
  it 's not exactly a bold prediction . 
   what is the purpose of these bills ? 
  why did they go through so much trouble to write and actively support them if not to make them reality ? 
  short answer : the only thing worse for them is to admit that their so-called opposition over the past six or so years was all smoke and mirrors . 
  ... because , for the past six years , they promised their most ardent supporters that they would `` fix '' healthcare , and used this wedge to gain short-term electoral advantage . 
  they have no intention of doing so , however ; these bills are designed to cut enough money from medicaid so that they push various tax cuts through in the reconciliation process without the cbo concluding that the gop increased the deficit by cutting taxes for rich people , and thus forcing the cuts out of the quick , painless , and mostly amendment-free reconciliation process . 
  they are designed this way because the gop leadership had to give the most reactionary members what they wanted in order to pass anything , and they gambled ( as usual ) that the rest of the gop would simply fall line like they usually do . 
  unsurprisingly , a lot of senators are n't playing ball . 
  several likely do n't believe they will ever pass legislation acceptable to paul ryan and friends in the house , so why would they risk casting such an unpopular vote on this ? 
  there 's already six that are opposed to it publicly . 
  and that 's just those publicly opposed . 
  mcconnell probably thinks that he make the less-reactionary members cave if he can force the issue to an actual vote , but he 's already failed twice to secure the votes to end debate and vote on the bill . 
  it 's getting worse , not better , and that 's not going to change . 
   so facts do n't matter because a foreigner told them to you and what you say is true because you say so . 
  your `` facts '' amount to : 1 . 
  gop proposed these bills ; 2 . 
  gop hold a majority in congress ; 3 . 
  all gop bills will pass . 
  the skepticism is warranted, 
   this kind of release is worldwide and the potential influence is not the same . 
  if people do n't want to see a movie like dunkirk , made by what i assume are a bunch of british people , the solution is the same : do n't watch it . 
   they do , not as much often or with the same budget but they have to be realistic . 
  is a nice way of saying there is no demand among viewers for it , which is the main reason why movies are made the way they are ( and are not ), 
  yea , i ca n't believe it 's that low . 
  does n't seem possible, 
  think what you will about who is held at guantanamo , but do not delude yourself into thinking there are journalists and human rights activists there . 
  - graph is entitled scandinavia : yadda yadda yadda - graph has turkey and japan and such on it . 
  - graph probably needs new title, 
  look up the flag that we had up through 2001 , and compare that one instead, 
   then why do so many hollywood movies need to rewrite history so americans are the good guys who save the day even when the events depicted were radically different ? 
  ... because they 're movies , which are not real and are designed to entertain ? 
  i covered in response to another poster above . 
  the point is that you , frenchie , can make all the movies you want and portray things how you like-no one here is going to give you any shit for it , i promise . 
  they 're just not going to care, 
  i do n't see a problem ; yea , the american public is most interested in things where they think they played a major role . 
  i 'm sure movies made elsewhere are the same way . 
  it 's just not that easy to make a movie that shows history in a compelling way without dramatizing it . 
  there 's only a few that have done a good job of it : full metal jacket , band of brothers , and maybe a few others related to vietnam-all by some of the most famous producers in history . 
  most attempts at doing this are dull and suck : jarhead and the hurt locker come to mind . 
  there are only so many people talented enough to make these successful . 
  besides , the point is n't how american-centric our movies are-it 's how we do n't care what others do in their own movies . 
  i 'm not going to whine about some vietnamese person making a movie about repelling the french and americans in the ' 60 's - they can do their thing without me worrying about it .
