  not saying it 's likely , but you ca n't really rule it out . 
  the kurds seem a much better foil for this sort of tactic, 
   too many dumb people blindly following a ` strong ' leader who 's really just a pussy that ca n't handle criticism . 
   i wanted to mention him , but did n't want to drag america into this  whatever erdogan 's other many flaws , he 's accomplished his personal goals of consolidating his own power and eliminating effective opposition to the same . 
  it 's early still , but trump could easily become the least effective president we 've ever had . 
  at the rate he 's going , he will not achieve even one of the nebulous goals he set for his administration . 
  trump only wishes that he were as good at being president as erdogan was at becoming a de facto dicatator, 
   i just do n't think any lack of military power was the deciding factor it 's not about a lack-it 's about the built-in cool-down time everyone else has before they make the decision . 
  it 's much easier for us to do something hastily than it is for most other nations is the main point, 
  right-the point is that getting planes over to hit in eastern ukraine is n't something that can be done overnight . 
  it 'd take a little time for any nato power to get significant assets that far east , and not everyone has a bunch of cruise missiles just laying around . 
  would you have supported retaliating , once it became obvious that the rebels ( at minimum ) were culpable ? 
  the fact that everyone lied about it would have pushed people here to demand a response . 
  the dutch would have been well within their rights to do so . 
  the main reason that they did n't , i assume , is because they do n't have a gigantic military ready to strike anywhere on the planet in a relatively short amount of time . 
  gives time to reflect on other options , at minimum, 
   are they removed or something ? 
  i 'm subbed there too and i rarely see them . 
  probably . 
  unclear why , but good questions are rare in that sub . 
  it 's mostly other americans asking stuff , with a handful of actual non-americans asking something decent ( at least by what threads are still visible ) . 
  it also leans to the right politically ( the comments at least ) , so make of that what you will . 
  r/askanamerican is an unusually right-wing subreddit , and 90 % of it is other americans asking questions anyways . 
  it 's not a great sub by any means , but idk if i 've seen people be directly rude to questioners, 
   in denmark you are never further from the sea than 50 km that 's an awesome factoid , honestly, 
   espechially during the snowden skandal , our goverment pretty much behaved like a us puppet . 
  ... how ? 
   sooo . . basically useless then ? 
  yep . 
  antitrust is a joke in america ; oligopoly and greater concentration are the norm here . 
  it 's rare to see the doj actually prevent a merger or whatever on antitrust grounds . 
  so rare that it makes national headlines when it actually happens . 
  basically , companies merge like crazy when friendly ( read : mostly republican ) parties control the white house , and lie low making such preparations when the climate turns more hostile to mergers in concentrated industries, 
   and 2 rather creepy american mormon missionaries who tried to convert me . 
  they 're getting desperate if they 're bothering people in austria, 
  you probably do-your rate would almost certainly be lower than it is now with a speed limit . 
  you ca n't tell me that there are n't people that do stupid things just because they 're free to do so without consequence, 
   this really is a significant issue . 
  the slogan `` free driving for free citizens '' shows that it 's considered a `` fundamental '' thing . 
  no kidding . 
  speed limits on our interstates here are ignored all the time , with predictable results , but it 's usually between 70-80 mph . 
  there 's really no way to argue that someone driving much faster than that is n't a danger to everyone on the road , including themselves, 
  no doubt they are . 
  it 's hard to say why , beyond urban/rural ; people may start driving at a younger age here , too . 
  newly-minted drivers in their teens ( you can get a license to drive without supervision starting at 16 in most states , and with supervision at 15 ) account for a good portion of car accidents, 
  population density keeps it lower , not the reverse . 
  the most dangerous places to drive here are all in less populated areas . 
  car insurance rates here are evidence enough of that . 
  it 's way more expensive to get insurance in a rural county , and less urban states also have higher rates overall than their city-oriented counterparts, 
  some states have a restriction like that , and sell liquor ( only hard liquor ) at the state abc store . 
  not that common though, 
  come ride your bike on the street here , and you will understand why, 
   there is a reason why the us has almost twice as much road fatalities ( per 100.000 motor vehicles ) compared to germany . 
  the reason is because the average american drives far more than the average german in a given year . 
  like , a lot more-if you want go somewhere and you do n't live in a very large city , driving is the only option, 
   there 's no regulations in the us , so feel free to design your own personal coat of arms and use it . 
  several presidents had one . 
  had no idea, 
   i do n't really know . 
  abolishing the alcohol monopoly , maybe ? 
  what does this mean ? 
   introducing a general speed limit on the autobahn . 
  ...  those in favor of imposing a general speed limit want to take away the freedom and our god given right to drive our cars as fast as we want . 
  so ... you just go whatever you speed you feel like ? 
  what ? 
   they are probably as accurate as the british or irish theme pubs abroad are . 
  our irish `` pubs '' are the most authentic . 
  as any american will tell you , almost all of us are actually irish . 
  we 're authentic by default , really, 
   because arabs have been displaced by many years of foreign countries bombing the shit out of them , destroying their countries , killing their relatived and chances of education and this has allowed saudi sponsored wahibism to spread to an angry and destroyed populace . 
  none of that applies to morocco or tunisia . 
  also , belgium and sweden are not that active on the `` bomb shit '' front . 
  does n't account for what op 's asking about , really, 
  i swear , it seems like obama tried to copy and paste this system . 
  we never got the `` basic package '' ( called the `` public option '' here ) , but that was the original plan : a baseline insurance plan that meets the minimum requirements set out by law that is available to everyone . 
  any american reading this description should recognize the parallels . 
   it 's to ensure everyone can get healthcare whenever they need it and so we do n't really have to question if they have the right insurance when the situation is critical it that a widespread-enough problem to need this requirement , is the real question . 
  it is here ; we have rather specific rules for what minimum treatment hospitals have to offer . 
  it 's an unfunded mandate , basically, 
   american-themed bars in the uk that 's more interesting that the shit macrobrews like coors and bud . 
  what is an american-themed bar in the uk like ? 
  what sets it apart from just a bar ? 
  we have lots of british-themed bars too , unsurprisingly, 
  still sore over our successful rebellion huh, 
  it 's too bad fewer people know that parts of the us were once ( if pitiful ) swedish colonies . 
  both sweden and those areas here could profit . 
  `` former swedish colony '' is n't exactly a common thing for either side , i assume, 
   like most things here i drunk child could solve the problem . 
  truly , america and the uk are kindred spirits, 
   i do n't know what you mean by universal does it cover everyone , or certain portions of the population ( income cut-offs or whatever ) . 
   it 's by law required to have insurance like private insurance policies ? 
  what does that mean ? 
   and hospitals ca n't refuse you they ca n't here either , but that 's due to the weaknesses in our system . 
  why would you need this in the netherlands ? 
   land of white people amirite i mean , before the islamic hordes overran you . 
  / s still pretty white though, 
  no , no-you shitpost the hell out of them out of spite . 
  like a real american, 
   i regularly visit / r/askanamerican and it never struck me as right leaning . 
  it definitely leans to the right , especially compared with the rest of reddit .
