  france can make all the movies they want about whatever they want , too . 
   do you really think they wo n't ? 
  it 's their budget . 
  trump proposed it . 
  they have a majority . 
  these are facts . 
  and this is where i come back to you not knowing enough about american politics . 
  i encourage you to look up how many actual budgets congress has passed in the past 10 years ( not emergency funding measures or continuing resolutions ) , as a starting point . 
  i emphasize as a starting point for a reason-there 's other reasons why the budget is harder to pass now than usual . 
   the first one did n't pass . 
  now they have a second which is almost identical to the first . 
  they 'll amend it until it passes . 
  the same goes for the budget . 
  same as above . 
  even if this occurs , there 's still a ton of obstacles to getting a reconciled bill through both the house and senate . 
  besides , think about what you just wrote : why would a nearly-identical bill fare any better than it 's predecessor ? 
  fact is , too many senators hate the bill to pass it . 
  they know , i know it , most of america knows it-trump 's the only one who has n't gotten the message . 
   just keep moving the goal post and ignoring facts . 
  just imagine if someone from botswana swooped into this thread and , with a few articles found online , started lecturing you about how things work in romania . 
  that 's more or less the equivalent of what you 're doing right now . 
  i used to work in the senate , i know how this shit works , and i would bet all the money i have that neither trumpcare nor trump 's proposed budget will ever become law . 
  there 's no predicting what the gop of 2017 will do , but i can promise what it wo n't do , and that 's pass either trump 's proposed budget or the bcra will ever be more than talking points . 
  what makes you think that there is a need to change anything , or conform to anything ? 
  they 're movies made mostly by americans , presumably for americans . 
  of course they `` conform '' to our view of history . 
  that does n't mean we 're going to jump up and down and cry outrage over a dutch person who portrays something differently . 
  we do n't care-make all the movies you want , the way you want . 
  the solution to this `` problem '' is pretty obvious : if french people or whoever else do n't like american movies , do n't watch them, 
  you 're putting words in my mouth . 
  where did i say it 's ok to keep doing this ? 
  i 'm starting to think you 're just a troll, 
  debating semantics ? 
  you really think that congress is just going to agree to the budget , just because 52 of 100 senators are republican ? 
  you should ask him how that sent his healthcare bill . 
  again , not only are you wrong , you apparently do n't know enough about how politics works here to realize how odd-base you are, 
  he would know . 
  look what he and his buddies did to the palestinians . 
   libya has 3 governments . 
  libya is more a warzone than iraq is at the moment . 
  i 've noticed that you almost predict a commenter 's opinion on libya 's status by their openness to more asylum-seekers and migrants . 
  those who want less seem to peddle in the myth that libya is not a war-torn mess , and that having three governments fighting each other for control is somehow not a problem . 
  yea , i have a real problem with the whole `` just plagiarize that bitch and paste it here on reddit for all to see '' approach taken to paywalls . 
  people put time and effort in putting this stuff together ; pasting it for free for all to see is basically theft . 
  you sound more and like an edgy teenager in denial , honestly . 
  which do you think was a bigger threat : the soviets , or some illiterates in afghanistan ? 
  it was the right choice then , even in hindsight . 
  the failure to help afghanistan rebuild and recover is a separate matter . 
  you do n't think that the taliban took over directly after the soviets lost , do you ? 
  you 're just playing dumb . 
  the iraqis lost their weapons through corruptions , incompetence , and cowardice , and they wound up in isis ' hands . 
  the same will happen to anything given to ukraine , whether it winds up in donbass or further afield , and just cause more embarrassment for no real benefit, 
  i have no idea what that quote is supposed to mean-it does n't translate . 
  i will say , though , that ukraine is not worth the risk of arming . 
  if it being an corrupt , unreliable , and until recently pliant russian friend are hypocritical reasons to you , then hypocrisy it is . 
  frankly , the only country in the region more fucked up than russia is ukraine . 
  if we gave them weapons , they 'd be turned against us in a short amount of time . 
  only a fool would give them weapons, 
   especially given how many lethal aid you sent to iraq and afghanistan , two absolutely non-corrupted countries . 
   it 's pure concidence that isis somehow gets american weapon . 
  yes-corrupt , incompetent iraqis ran away and let a bunch of rag-tag illiterates steal their american-provided weapons . 
  afghans ... lol , corruption is just a way of life there . 
  not making the same mistake in ukraine, 
  i see your point-i just know you 're imposing the insecurities of another group of people onto americans . 
  americans do n't need movies to conform with how they view events , and do n't care how the media portrays such things . 
  they are not insecure about their place in history , or role in various events ( rightly or wrongly ) , such that this sort of thing simply is n't going to provoke outrage here . 
   but if you were , you would respond the same way . 
  and it is really silly to chastise the french for something you would do too , if you were in their situation . 
  if there is one group of people on earth that is especially uninterested in foreign opinions about them , it 's americans-whether it 's in the media or otherwise . 
  to the extent that anyone cared , the reaction would mostly be mocking or amused-more condescending than incensed . 
  here 's part of what i said to another responder :  outrage for outrage 's sake is simply more of a french thing than you seem to realize, 
   that is because you are american and every damn thing piece of media you guys produce revolves around america . 
   you are used to being reminded how damn awesome america is and how america did everything in world history every time you watch a movie , documentary or even read a historical analysis . 
  rarely do you guys acknowledge the role other peoples played in history , and on the rare occassion you do , it is mainly to remind you how awesome america is . 
  see : previous response about typically french . 
   imagine a world in which america is systematically ignored , every achievement you guys made i appropriated by another and everytime you guys show up in movies , it is mainly to remind the audience how much you could n't do it on your own . 
  i am fairly sure you would respond in the same manner . 
  americans would never notice , because we do not typically consume media from other places ( with a few notable exceptions ) . 
   imagine a movie about the american revolutionary war focussing solely on the french , how wasington was an incompetent good for nothing who could only run away , and how the french had to come in to save your damn asses from being wipped out by the british . 
  fairly historically accurate , but damn you would be angry . 
  i honestly think that people would just laugh at the people who made it . 
  this is the same country that made team america : world police , inglorious bastards , and movies like wag the dog . 
  you 're sorely mistaken if you think a movie is going get people stirred up . 
  outrage for outrage 's sake is simply more of a french thing than you seem to realize, 
  i know why they 're mad-i just think it 's very `` typically-french '' for them to react that way is all, 
  australia would never be alone . 
  you can think what you will about commitment to ee , but there is 0 chance the us/uk would leave australia as the only one committed to such an action, 
  which is exactly why they are only provided with non-lethal aid : massive , endemic corruption would see anything else sold within hours, 
  neither would have won by any definition-whereas weakening the soviet union had positive benefits in other ways . 
  a move about running away is a weird choice in general , regardless of all other circumstances why the allies were fleeing . 
  french people upset about their portrayal is funny though, 
  australia is a place that takes it commitments seriously . 
  if they say they stand for x and will do y , there is no doubt that they stand for x and will do y if push comes to shove . 
   no government will accept this though it will if popular opinion supports it . 
  not a common occurrence , but this is not a normal situation . 
   why do you think spain wants to keep catalonia so badly do n't know , and am not concerned with why . 
  spain appears to have different incentives than ukraine does . 
  that does n't mean that people voted for him for that exact reason . 
  melenchon and le pen were , in many ways , both career politicians with long track records and controversial positions . 
  it 's not surprising to see a relative newcomer win against them by default , given how discontent people there are .
