  you keep talking about why you think they 're better-there is a difference . 
  and i 'm not seeing how they are a better choice than , say , denmark , or whatever , given the criteria you laid out-that 's the point . 
  currency fluctuations happen . 
  i 'm sure it sucked , but frankly , that 's a risk everyone takes on cross-border transactions . 
  i do n't care about the rest of that ; i 'm still not clear why canada ranks so highly for you-all the reasons why the us is low are irrelevant to that . 
  i do n't say that it is the best ally . 
  highest potential to be helpful , definitely , and certainly most important by default , but best is a subjective matter . 
  i just find the selection criteria odd . 
  even if some place called fokker had to close , what was there that you could do about it , realistically , whether friend or foe ? 
  and were drug into the war , or no ? 
  most of the things you cite are beyond your control , and do n't really affect the utility that a foreign power would have . 
  no-those are things that make more sense than gay rights and empty words on climate change , i guess . 
  most of the planet fits those criteria , so i do n't see how that narrows much down , though . 
  assessments should be more about who can be the most useful to you-not who can screw you over the hardest due to factors beyond your control, 
  basically , yea . 
  i do n't usually think of how progressive a place is when i think of how decent an ally they would make . 
  i suspect that 's an unusual approach to it, 
  none of that matters-i still think that the criteria you use to gauge it is weird . 
  i do n't really care where the overlap is between the us/netherlands . 
  i just find the things you think make an alliance to be very strange criterion selections . 
  gay rights being a prime example . 
  there 's only a handful places on earth that allow it at all ; germany only just voted to make it legal . 
  would that be a black mark against them , for taking so long ? 
  it 's weird, 
  you do n't have to consider it on the same page , but if your criteria for someone as an ally is a sound approach to the environment , canada is not going to make top of anyone 's list . 
  it does n't matter how much lip service or consolation money they throw at the issue-they are heavily invested in dirty fossil fuels , and support expanding the use of said resources for their own profit . 
  what i see , truthfully , is someone blinded by the perception more than the reality . 
  you can value commitment to environmentally-friendly policies as much as you like , but there is no credible basis to claim that canada is anywhere near the best partner someone can have on that front, 
   does this mean that it 's our best one for the specific case of the netherlands ? 
  pretty much . 
  as much as i like canada , canada 's outsize influence on world affairs is related mostly to it 's close relations with the us/uk . 
  the same can be said for australia , really . 
   whereas the netherlands and canada were the first countries to take the first step into legalizing gay rights , the us has a president who 's flipping on the issue , used a tragedy for popular votes , and has a vice president who defends shock therapy . 
  weird criteria for describing someone as an ally . 
   not to mention , the us does little to nothing in regards to the environment , which is a very important topic for the netherlands considering that a big chunk of our country exists under the sea . 
  meanwhile , canada cooperates with us on a very close basis on this matter . 
  i do n't think you have a very strong grasp of canada 's environmental policies , if you think this . 
  canada 's prior government went stasi on climate research , virtually gutting it , and even trudeau is ardent supporter of exploiting canada 's oil resources , including approving new pipelines . 
  he 's made intermittent trips to the us to promote canadian energy , in fact . 
  but that 's the power of someone who says one , yet does another , and does n't look terrible while doing it . 
  canada is an energy power on par with the u.s. and even many middle eastern nations ; it is simply not the defender of environmentally-friendly practices that you seem to think it is . 
  i know that-i do n't get how that 's rare or unnatural . 
  it 's super common and very natural here . 
  unexpected, 
   women unless they have brown eyes which pretty much never happens naturally . 
  ... what ? 
   mount rushmore ( can you consider that `` natural feature '' ) definitely not haha . 
  it 's as natural as stonehenge, 
   nz and australia are about the same distance apart as minnesota and mexico , i had no idea they were far apart . 
  better characterized as two lone islands than neighbors , really, 
  i mean ... as friendly as canada may be , it 's an afterthought on the world stage in comparison with the u.s. like it or not , the u.s. is positioned to be the most important ally by default for most western nations for the foreseeable future, 
  and then try to spin otherwise clear words ( you say you 've lived extensively here-you know how to phrase the point you 're making in your second post , and it is n't the one you made in the first , regardless of what you now claim ) . 
  like i said , perspective, 
   obama was no real difference than trump when it comes to foreign policy . 
  comparisons between someone who negotiated tpp , the paris agreement , signed a new start treaty with russia , lifted the embargo against and travel ban to cuba ( which trump has since reinstated ) and sealed a nuclear deal with iran with trump are not credible . 
   ... so should anyone in the former eastern bloc be eternally grateful towards the ex-ussr ? 
  including estonia , latvia and lithuania that basically were swallowed up by it ? 
  good luck finding from the former eastern bloc that thinks the soviets `` freed '' them from anything, 
   it 's not a bad place , albeit you are rather restricted if you want a quality of life that even approaches germany 's i lurk just to read condescending shit like this , honestly . 
  this is one of the best subs to find it . 
  the europeans i interact with here at home are obviously a certain segment and not representative of anything , and seeing more opinions keeps things in perspective, 
  australia , canada , and u.k. are all at the same level . 
  a list would be a three-way tie for no . 
  1 , with perhaps japan at # 4 . 
  not coincidentally , americans would give a mirror response . 
  some might say canada or australia first , and some might add japan to the list , but generally it 's five eyes sans new zealand in some order or other as the top contenders, 
  obama 's election brought out an ugliness that few under a certain age had ever seen . 
  it 's crazy what the election of a black person did to the gop, 
  you get less favorable terms , assuming you qualify for a loan . 
  better than wall street english lessons ( which i assume are not free , and whose name i still find funny ), 
  we go months at a time-literally-in between strikes against shabab in somalia . 
  look it up . 
  i do n't think that 's what 's driving people out, 
  ... may want to brush up on the meaning of those words in english , because that 's still not correct, 
  commercial breaks are so bad that the nfl is promising to reduce them this year . 
  makes the games take forever, 
  pretty sure that the 320ish million of us with our considerable economy can manage to keep a national treasure open and free to all . 
  and i do n't consider myself an optimist, 
  completely misses the point, 
  r/murica is not a patriotic circle jerk-it 's just a humor site really . 
  kind of like the reddit version of the team america movie that the south park creators made, 
  i refuse to believe that that picture is n't a joke, 
  in rome , away from the tiber , everyone 's great . 
  experiences elsewhere were frankly very poor , at best . 
  especially in venice , but tuscany was only a little better . 
  i doubt being american played a role either way , as this was not unique to me . 
  i was surprised . 
  stereotypes say the french are rude , but that was not my experience at all . 
  they get an undeserved bad rap here in the us at least . 
  nothing personal , but i made italy the centerpiece of a two month trip to europe and regretted doing so midway through . 
  i am definitely biased in a negative way after my trip . 
  you ca n't tell me that you found rome clean in any way other than drinking water . 
  i refuse to believe it . 
  the rest was n't nearly as dirty , but that is the capital and the biggest tourist destination . 
  given the rudeness and hostility italians have for the rest of humanity , it 's safe to assume that they do n't respect much outside of italy ( or the place itself-take a look at rome and try to deny it ), 
  metro horrible in paris ? 
  you can not be serious . 
  people who say paris are dirty are full of shit , and need to stop strolling the ghetto for hookers as these are the only areas where such a thing is even arguably plausible . 
  god help you if you visit italy , if you think that france is dirty, 
  no kidding about that,
