  nothing else needs to be addressed . 
  like i said , perceptions of the gis that filtered down are what they are , and they filtered down . 
  like most stereotypes , there 's a hint of truth in them mixed with some nonsense . 
  you 're still going to get shit for it , though , no matter how much you dislike or how unfair you think it is, 
  20 % is a pretty small number ( we 're 60 % white ) , but regardless , there were n't people with thick accents hovering over that central stations like there seemed to be elsewhere . 
  nothing like germany ( more arab than african there ) or especially italy ( literally everywhere outside small places like lucca ) . 
  non-white people were just doing normal dutch people stuff like riding bikes and getting mad at tourists for standing in the bike lanes, 
   are you really sure about your `` accurate recollections '' ? 
  yep . 
  people 's perceptions are what they are , regardless of other perspectives on it . 
   it 's called getting beaten badly by a new tactic that a lot of the high command of the time failed to understand . 
  i mean ...  leaving the bulk of the army surrounded and trapped , with no armoured reserve to counterattack because no-one listened to de gaulle '' . 
  de gaulle himself could n't write a better self-aggrandizing summary . 
  the man sold his own career built on the sacrifices of people better than himself like a real champion , i 'll give him that . 
  trump would be proud . 
   ( also , by the way , one of the reasons the british army survived at all was because of a holding action and sacrifice at dunkirk from the remaining french troops , but i guess hollywood history does n't cover that ) . 
  yea , they ran and hid on their island . 
  which they could do , and thus did n't need to be ready to turn the germans back on land by themselves . 
  it 's probably not fair that we do n't make fun of them too , but they did n't have the de gaulle/torch factor to exacerbate things either . 
   might i add that the ussr got wrecked much worse by the opening stages of barbarossa , but unfortunately we did n't have the endless supplies of manpower and the vast land for a retreat . 
  oh yes , soviet collusion with the nazis and fecklessness in getting betrayed first before they could commit their own betrayal are well know , and so is the price that the soviets paid in doing so . 
  i promise you that the soviets are not remembered fondly in the u.s. , nor are sarcastic remarks about them made in good humor, 
  except for the part where there are tons of people with african accents in these places , some of which were selling drugs . 
  most looked homeless and were just hanging around with nothing better to do . 
  some would try and sell drugs , though-didn ' t really strike me as a cheap-labor situation . 
  not enough appeared to be doing the selling for it to be that . 
  and , strangely , none seemed to make it to denmark or the netherlands, 
  yes , we have many nigerians and shit hanging around the train stations we totally use trying to sell us drugs . 
  the cynic would say it was a glimpse of your future , really, 
   the entire eu agrees that death penalty is barbaric and uncivilized . 
  another reason why bernie wold be viewed centre-left at best and clinton , right wing . 
  i challenge you to explain to me why a person who rapes a child , say , nine or under does not deserve to die-for the good of society and the sake of justice . 
  it 's the only scenario where i support it , but it seems wholly appropriate in that case . 
   i mean , to me there is literally no difference between you or any trump supporter , if you support death penalty . 
  simple minds , simple solutions, 
   and now china , with it 's state capitalism-based , illiberal authoritarian bullshit , is about to economically dick down the pacific bareback at the expense of us & our allies . 
  yes , we will never trade with anyone in asia ever again ever . 
  you 're being a tad dramatic, 
  i pointed this out elsewhere , but malmstrom ( epic name ) should probably not use this as some counterexample . 
  a bilateral treaty like this is literally the only type of trade deal trump wants to pursue . 
  it 's not a rebuff ; if anything , it 's in line with trump 's approach . 
  the losses , like the gains , are mostly concentrated . 
  the losses hit people so hard , and have such harmful effects , that the marginal utility to the wealthiest people capturing the gains , and the small gains that accrue to each consumer , are not seen as worth suffering the harmful effects . 
  the fact that they resisted at all , killing something like 1,000 of the people sent to liberate them from the nazis , rubbed people the wrong way , to put it mildly . 
  rightly or wrongly , the quick surrender after the resistance only exacerbated impressions about germany 's earlier steamroll . 
   incomparable to the battle of france which , if you actually had any knowledge of history , was not `` rolling over without a fight '' . 
  look , while i 'm sure many people fought hard to hold the germans back , you ca n't get rolled in just over a month and claim to have put up a serious fight . 
  it just does n't work that way , imo . 
  paris is probably my favorite place on earth-totally shattered the negative stereotypes i had of france and french people-but i 'm afraid you 're just going to have these jokes until people forget them, 
  it 's both-your highlighted text makes that clear : most benefits go to a few , small benefits go to many ( mostly consumers ) . 
  consumer benefits are simply not seen as worth the costs that the biggest losers have suffered , and people are not interested in handing more big prizes to those who need it least . 
  at least not through poorly-crafted trade agreements , anyway , and i challenge you to find someone who thinks that our trade agreements are crafted with the many in mind, 
  they are different in terms of degree . 
  no one denies that consumers benefit ; the point is that we do a lot of things better than a 5-6 million person nation can , and garner fewer of those benefits per person . 
  those benefits are not worth the costs we 're seeing on places and people that are the losers in some of these trade agreements . 
  not every place is the u.s.-probably is different for many places for any number of reasons related and unrelated to specific trade agreements . 
  i spent a week in copenhagen and saw how crazy expensive stuff is in denmark-savings to consumers can actually amount to something more than pocket change there . 
  parts of europe are still europe . 
  i also find the finger-wagging funny because a bilateral deal like this ( eu-japan ) is exactly the sort of thing trump wants us to seek , as opposed to large multilateral deals . 
  he has n't shut up about preferring bilateral deals over multilateral ones since he was elected . 
  i know how free trade works . 
  the point is that many on both sides of the atlantic ( whether this sub wants to admit it or not-ttip anyone ? 
  ceta 's struggles ? ), 
  have decided that the marginal benefits to consumers do n't outweigh the heavy costs inflicted on a smaller group of people . 
   it might not be good for workers who are laid off in specific sectors , but it is always good for the average citizens since they get cheaper products . 
  same point as above-the harmful effects reverberate beyond just the few who lose out . 
   it 's weird that it 's us europeans who now have to tell you americans this . 
  you 're the ones who built the international trade system as it is today , to the great benefit of your own country . 
  and now you want to tear it down . 
  it 's like watching someone sawing off the branch they 're sitting on . 
  you are all still quite protectionist-it 's just more fashionable to pretend otherwise due to trump 's insufferable obnoxiousness . 
   your populist movement against free trade has also now resulted in that you 've handed off asia to china since you dropped the tpp . 
  china is making the deals with the asian nations now . 
  and if the ttip is also buried , then europe will also turn to china . 
  hyperbole . 
  china will continue to trade massively with asia , as will we . 
  tpp was mostly just a smokescreen designed to open our markets for the benefit of larger companies in certain industries ( especially pharma and services ) , and to pretend that other nations are actually adhering to the standards supposedly required of the tpp . 
  we all know places like vietnam are n't going to , though , and there 's no point pretending otherwise . 
  even japan is famous for non-trade restraints-it would not surprise me if the eu has to address such tactics with them in the future . 
  europe probably will trade more with china , though that has nothing to do with tpp , ttip , or anything else . 
  you 're mostly just conflating things together in a nonsensical , superficial manner . 
   it 's hard to shoot yourself as much in the foot as the us has done recently , but by god , you 've gone and done it . 
  if the american century is ending , it 's very much your own fault . 
  not because of tpp , whatever the merits of rest of this statement . 
  i know how it should work ; the point is that it does n't . 
  please-we both know it does n't undo the damage . 
  there is a reason ttip is so unpopular on both sides of the atlantic , and it 's not because the harmful effects of such an agreement can be waived away with a few spending programs . 
  even a relatively small agreement like this , and ceta , were tough sells in both places . 
  there 's good reason for that . 
   trade agreements are so unpopular because uneducated idiots feel they can be reduced to something so stupid as you 're really going to deny that the trend is the concentrate most of the benefits among a few and spread the losses among varying degrees to everyone else ? 
   the rest of us know that an open economy is , and has always been since roman times , an absolute requirement for collective wealth . 
  r/badhistory if ever it was appropriate . 
  you can not seriously believe that open economies and trade were the norm then , or really at any point in human history , or that collective wealth was ever actually achieved either . 
  this is honestly one of the most ignorant comments i 've ever seen on reddit , which is really saying something . 
   non-religious american conservatives they do n't care about gays-they just want to fuck over the poors in order to pay as little in taxes as possible . 
  you 'd be hard-pressed to find an actual , non-religious person who cares about gay marriage , especially now that it 's protected by the constitution, 
  it 's a cute talking point , but it ignores the fact that what really happens is a handful of already-wealthy people win and then everyone else loses . 
  that 's why trade agreements are so unpopular right now, 
  idk what to tell you if you think an accurate recollection of reactions to what happened in operation torch are bad history, 
  you can be as loose it as strict with the definition as you want , but if a place is wracked with internal conflict to the point where the government does not fully control its territory it goes on the list .
