  he concocted a brutal war to get rich , marched against rome and overthrew the senate , and fought a civil war in order to secure himself as dictator . 
  he fits solidly on any list of shitty human beings, 
  everyone thinks they are special . 
  with all the bases and stuff we have across the world , the drumbeat for visa-free travel exceptions would never cease . 
  we just ca n't, 
  the reason we do n't smash north korea is because seoul is right across the border , japan is just nearby , and both are held hostage due to proximity to nk . 
  it 's a big problem for everyone in the region . 
  unlike the ukraine problem , which is frankly about as unimportant as it gets for the us . 
  europe 's inability and unwillingness to do anything , coupled with germany 's giddiness at growing more dependent on russia , really undercuts people who want to speak against trump and in favor of nato, 
  what has been imagined can not be unimagined . 
  fuck you for that btw, 
  lol kfc , pizza hut , taco bell , and long john silvers ( which i have n't seen overseas ) appear in pairs all the time . 
  pepsi owns them all , so they can pair them however they want i guess . 
  planet pizza is a new one on me though, 
  all reasons why they probably wish that they had a do-over on erdogan, 
  they 're not excluded . 
  they do n't satisfy the rule that requires qualifying members to have a rejection rate below a certain percentage . 
  it 's automatic for ones who meet it . 
  there 's no special exception for them , because if there was , every country will demand special treatment and we ca n't afford to set the precedent, 
  you would n't need to capitulate to russia . 
  germany and others would be offered some face-saving reason not to get involved , and germans leap at the pretext not to do so ; the others who knows . 
  russians are not fools-if people on reddit can see how simple that would be , their leaders can too . 
  that assumes that they care more about you than about cheap russian gas and not avoiding conflict . 
  bet amnesty wishes they had that a do-over on that one, 
  i 'm afraid that wo n't happen until poland meets the rules for the percentage of visa rejections you must fall below before qualifying . 
  it 's not about poland-it 's about every other country that will demand the same exception that poland got . 
  we simply ca n't afford to set the precedent , no matter who we 're talking about . 
  new presidents probably change their minds once this is explained to them, 
  empty threat . 
  sanctioning a member for something like that would destroy the eu faster than anything else ever could, 
  if either detroit and flint were the capital of the us , or sold as some great destination for visitors , i would be outraged at the lies, 
  not really . 
  the right hates anyone who is n't us-it 's part of being the right . 
   iraq and afghanistan meant 50k + occupying forces for decades and it produced the larges migrant wave in history . 
  decades / = / less than 20 years . 
  neither created the current refugee wave . 
   in 2010 , the us had 50k soldiers in iraq . 
  subsequent to their withdrawal , isis was able to crush the iraqi state and kickstart the refugee crisis . 
  withdrawal is a mislabel . 
  maliki and friends demanded that we leave , so we did . 
  the iraqi army was n't crushed-it literally stripped off it 's uniforms , threw down it 's weapons , and ran away-just like everyone knew that it would . 
  the iraqis wanted to stand on their own , and they did ... in a manner of speaking . 
  this pathetic display is what made isis so dangerous , as they captured much of the equipment that the iraqis did n't bother to use . 
  moreover , the serious conflict in syria is what really kickstarted the current chaos . 
  much of syria is basically in ruins . 
  there was n't massive refugee crisis before this went to hell . 
   exactly . 
  he is not just a random general but the chief of the army of the anti-islamist government of the houses of representatives which fights the islamists gnc and controls the eastern half of the country . 
  he 's not . 
  he 's a rogue warlord vying with other factions for control , including the internationally-recognized government . 
  the fact that we have to talk about someone controlling the eastern half of the country , while battling militias to exercise control over this half . 
  is evidence enough that libya has no stable government and is in chaos . 
   you are just propagating some terrible stereotypes . 
  just stop . 
  not to the same degree as somalia , but central authority is unlikely to return any time soon . 
  you 're confused about what soviet-style means if you think all those poles back in the 60 's got `` invitations '' that could be ignored, 
  if their parents were obscenely rich . 
  trump is a testament to how impossible it is for the children of rich people to fail at anything, 
  i 'm surprised poland did n't already have these . 
  or some equivalent, 
   tell us more about how you wish people would talk about a european and japanese trade deal through how it effects the united states more deflection . 
  you might just be a teenager or something . 
  i 'm still waiting for someone to back up the claim that this deal is somehow an example that is different from what trump advocates for . 
  i 'm not the one that made the claim , but no one seems ready to back up that claim that they , not i , made . 
   iraq and afghanistan meant 50k + occupying forces for decades and it produced the larges migrant wave in history . 
  there are so many factually-incorrect things in this sentence that idk what to say . 
   i do n't like the idea to puppet neighbouring governments . 
  the western nations have thousands of ways to force or bribe them to comply with our demands without bombing . 
  perpetuated civil wars would only produce more refugees . 
  you do n't have to-you just need a government in place . 
  they do n't want all these migrants , either ; the rest will fall in place . 
   further more , with all due respect , i do n't think you have the slightest idea what is going on in lybia and no , i am not just shittalking here . 
  lybia has a strong internationally supported secular government and an islamic coalition sharing the country . 
  there are actual talks between the parties to unify the two blocks . 
  you 're probably the only person on the planet that believes that libya has two factions sharing power that actually control the country . 
  it 's like you live in a parallel universe . 
  just today , literally hours ago , a self-styled warlord who does recognize the un-backed government declared victory over an islamist militia in benghaz that , coincidentally , also does n't recognize said government . 
  i mean ... how you can claim that libya is n't still a mess is beyond me . 
  for reference : http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/07/haftar-forces-declare-victory-battle-benghazi-170705231914703.html http://www.france24.com/en/20170706-strongman-haftar-declares-victory-battle-libya-benghazi  frankly , i am terrified that some day your idea might somehow reach the ears of the us president and he syrialises lybia or engages in another adventure costing the country trillions of dollars an hundreds and thousands of dead and displaced . 
  no one has to make libya into syria-it 's already become somalia . 
  no one is going to waste time occupying it , either-this was a french and british baby that we had to help with thanks to british contributions to iraq ,, 
  it does n't matter-the point is that however messed up we are , italy is worse . 
  i mean ... just visit rome sometime, 
  formal recognition comes from the state , period . 
  it would mean less growth in general , which would not be good for them . 
   it did help the tpp , and i was around for that . 
  i know that the people agitating against it were the same people that were going to g20 protests to protest globalization . 
  but the fact remains that the us as a whole was in favor . 
  idk what to tell you if you believe this . 
  leaks of certain portions of the text and concerns about lobbyists taking part in the negotiations and drafting the text had been around for a while , creating the first impression in many people 's minds about the tpp . 
  and why not ? 
  the only messaging came from this crowd . 
  both presidential candidates eventually came out against it , and congress refused to vote on it before and after the election-and the person who made opposition to it a mainstay of their campaign * won * . 
  people were so angry about corporate impunity and influence and distrustful of elected leaders that they did not trust the tpp . 
  there is not much public polling on it , but you 're incredibly naive if you think all the politicians who declined to support it did so without doing polling of their own . 
  and i 'm sure they found that an angry and distrustful populace wanted no part of a treaty viewed as a gift to a privileged few at the expense of everyone else . 
   and what i said is n't a misread . 
  it was a republican controlled congress trying to extract concessions out of a democrat president , like they always do . 
  yes , that happened-unrelated to low support . 
  few knew much about the treaty at that time , and it was too early for most to have an opinion .
