  and then face sanction and demands to both take more in , and manage them more effectively . 
  you ca n't seriously claim that people would be happy with the outcome you describe , and that nothing further would be demanded . 
   first of all u.s states do n't pull shit like this . 
  second is that the feds can indeed override state rulings in extreme cases . 
  are you joking ? 
  states and cities refuse to enforce various federal laws ( especially immigration laws ) , and have for years . 
  some decriminalize drugs , while the feds keep them illegal to even possess . 
  the idea that states just fall in line when orders come in from the top is unrealistic, 
  we 'll have to agree to disagree, 
  i do n't think russia is full of fatalistic radicals , or led by a bunch of hitlers . 
  they would probably blame everyone ( including each other ) for their failings , but that does not mean the nukes will fly . 
   i mean sure , maybe it will be ok , but i think you can see the collapse of russia turning bad very fast . 
  benefits  risks . 
  i simply do not see russians sacrificing themselves in an attack on us , nor do i see rogue groups outbidding us in the attempt to secure their nuclear stockpile . 
  collapse is the perfect scenario for the world to secure and destroy their stockpile , really-and help rebuild something there is n't a corrupt entity whose existence is defined by undermining us . 
  well , i 'm not 100 years old , so idk what the gopers of yesteryear were thinking-just the ones around today, 
  in those scenarios no one in the west benefited , because none of those people or places were threats , or even aspiring threats . 
  their downfall certainly did not pave the way for anything better , either . 
  there are few parallels between those broken messes and a well-established polity like russia . 
  as for whether it 's our bullshit it or not ... yes . 
  it all affects us , just less than others . 
  does n't make the outcome any less desirable, 
  no one has a crystal ball . 
  it probably do n't be , in at least some respects-doesn ' t make any less desirable an outcome, 
  only an idiot would think that the world would sit vy and let that happen . 
  at minimum , the nukes would be secured, 
  stereotypical ? 
  the west will celebrate if russia collapses . 
  why would n't we ? 
  it 's nothing but a corrosive pain to the strongest of us , and an existential threat to the newest members . 
  i 'll just be especially immune to any problems that ensue is all, 
  life goes on , ivanka or no . 
  trump will be gone in a little over three years . 
  if you are not a right-wing lost cause as you claim , you should go over to r/neutralpolitics ( or something close to that ) and just search the old threads . 
  i 've rehashed it too many times to bother any more , but that will have the best discussion for someone who has somehow not read about why private companies and intel agencies pin the interference on russia, 
  will be for me . 
  you 'd be surprised how much more entertaining things are when you the atlantic and pacific oceans lie between you and most of the bullshit, 
  dictatorships are always stable , right until they 're not . 
  it 's popcorn time when a power transition period comes up, 
  yep, 
  it 's like you 're the internet-embodiment of all the reasons we have no use for russia other than combat it wherever it decides to get in our way, 
   what events of 1960s do you suggest had an effect that would only manifest in 1980s ? 
  i do n't see how the `` crime wave of 1960s '' can explain it . 
   iow the crime rate dropped ~ 50 % in 20 years , yet twice more people are in prison . 
  if not private prison lobbying , how do you explain this ? 
  war on drugs and zeal for enforcing drug possession laws by reagan and bush, 
  russian embargoes are designed to sow division and discord-full embargoes would be counterproductive and might actually convince the germans not to go all-in on russian gas . 
  it 's exactly what nord stream ii is designed to do , really, 
  you 're so full of shit that it only reaffirms just how foolish trump 's strange infatuation with your country is . 
  done nothing that could be considered `` untrustworthy '' ? 
  are you even trying to spread decent propaganda ? 
  you 've got to do better, 
  it 's not his sincerity on this topic that you should doubt-it 's the ability . 
  he says stuff like this all the time , yet his administration 's fecklessness and incompetence have made the boasts into jokes and punch likes over and over . 
   and there are large polish populations in the midwestern us . 
  if you say so, 
  the only entity capable of such blackmail is russia via pipelines , and only due to the volume that pipelines can move . 
  opec lacks the production monopoly to do issue an embargo these days ( that 's in the rare event that they agree on anything ) , and everywhere else will probably never comprise a large enough supply source to make that realistic . 
  i mean ... real country is subject to interpretation, 
  the washington times and fox news can not be taken seriously . 
  the idea that they would accuse someone else of financing a political agenda , much less a violent one , is really funny tbh, 
  that 's pretty epic, 
  if you say that protestant-supremacist media is a thing , then ok i guess . 
  news to me, 
   we are currently a peaceful , unassuming nation but russia is hellbent on trying to bully us into submission . 
  yea ... but why ? 
  seems there 's no reason for it on their end . 
  it would be the equivalent of the u.s. saber-rattling against one of our southern neighbors that is zero threat to us in any way , and does n't pose any problems for us . 
  what 's the point ? 
  they must know how ridiculous it looks, 
  do n't lump france in there yet . 
  this sub is all over macron 's nuts , but there is no evidence yet that the french or macron really are on the same page as the germans beyond hating the same things, 
  erdogan having a hit list prepared is n't surprising . 
  there 's no reason to cite this as evidence of a staged coup , especially given how he operates, 
  yes , the mic totally pays shills to post on r/europe . 
  it 's good work if you can get it, 
  the fact that they are no longer a superpower is a source of much of their current anxieties , putin 's appeal , and drive to do things like intervene in ukraine edit : also , the idea that the us is viewed favorably in this sub is new to me, 
  tbh it 's mostly just pathetic that russia is so hostile towards sweden . 
  like there is any sort of threat or potential threat there to russia, 
  tried to make a better world for everyone ? 
  you 're out of your mind and can not be taken seriously if you espouse such a thing . 
  just have to build enough capacity to store the lng and re-convert it to actual gas for use . 
  same thing with the exporters-have to have the capacity to get the stuff ready for export . 
  they 're always portrayed as intelligent and sophisticated . 
  they could do a lot worse, 
  if we accept millions of dead south koreans and japanese , we can . 
  the american right, 
  like i said-there must be nothing to support the assertion , thus the deflection and characterization . 
  also fitting the stereotype of ukers brilliantly, 
  please-this is same place cheerleading a censorship law in germany . 
  the idea that we would do something before you bunch is laughable, 
  nord stream ii heals all wounds, 
  anywhere in schengen at least . 
  and we 're not-people could change that if they wanted , or make some kind of similar rule, 
  amnesty is made of people too though, 
  i doubt that . 
  there 's no reason to to have such a practice, 
  that wo n't be a problem . 
  supermarkets here ca n't compete with how awesome costco is . 
  caesar was a brutal , power-hungry scumbag even by their standards .
