  not too likely , but stranger things have happened, 
  it 's unrelated to anything in europe and has to do with the gold rush out west . 
  48ers is n't a thing here, 
   yeah , i fully realize the demographic reached in any `` ask '' forum on reddit . 
  we 're not phoning the white house directly , here , and since the guy imported a surgically-crafted eastern european lady and called australia 's healthcare system leagues better than ours , i 'd say he 'd have nice list ready for you, 
   but since an equal proportion of americans would claim there 's nothing worthy of incorporating from < insert foreign country  i do n't see any reason to rant about the fact that there 's something in every country that 's pretty cool that you do n't have at home i doubt very much that you would get an answer like that if you posted the corollary over at r/askanamerican, 
  did you not expect such answers ? 
  i mean , let 's be serious-someone ( a lithuanian , amusingly ) claiming that there 's nothing worry of incorporation is more or less the kind of answer you 'd expect to see somewhere in the responses . 
   i would say a big country like us or china so we 'd be powerful , but their voters would outnumber us and they would just control us . 
  gerrymander yourselves up properly and demand a sweet enough deal in the ec , and you will be unstoppable . 
  just ask the gop, 
  if anyone 's taking australia , it 's us . 
  we love them . 
  plus , there is nothing you can do to increase our literacy with respect to political borders . 
  there 's no winning that battle, 
   we do n't really have big secretive things in sweden . 
  that 's what exactly what someone looking to hide something would say ... 
  yea , that 's a pretty big difference from where i live . 
  i guess the corollary is it 's dark a lot in the winter because days are shorter . 
  i will be in stockholm in early june/end of may . 
  you 're telling me the sun might be out the entire time ? 
  that 's crazy, 
   result is we go to bars near the stadium on home games or and on away games we get our own beer on the bus . 
  we tailgate in part because the beer and food inside the stadium is crazy expensive . 
  if you can get better beer and food at a tailgate for a lower cost than in-stadium , it 's an easy choice to make . 
   sure sounds nice how you americans enjoy sports . 
  is there no violence at all ? 
  i mean real violence where people get seriously injured or even die because of rivalry and/or hooliganism ? 
  i do n't know , really . 
  occasionally , cities whose teams win a championship will riot for no reason-tear stuff up and steal stuff . 
  even the canadians do it . 
  ca n't say i 've ever heard of rivalry-related violence or anything , though . 
  you 're more likely to get hurt because the stadium is in a ghetto area than anything else . 
  not likely in general , but stadiums are often not located in the best areas . 
  that 's less of an issue in the context of college sports . 
  american bbq is probably the best genuinely american food there is . 
  the food is real and american as it gets . 
  you can find meat product here , but you wo n't find it there . 
  the beer is real too . 
  wo n't be top-flight craft beer-no lies on that one-but it will be free and cold and good enough . 
  i did n't know you even could water down beer , honestly-people would rage if they did that there, 
  also , the tailgaters would love to have a belgian person there for their first tailgate . 
  still next to a body of water . 
  though having rednecks clustered near coastal areas is pretty unusual, 
  not so unique outside europe , i imagine . 
  cities thrive near water-rivers , ocean , lakes of a decent size . 
  the further away you get from either , the more rural and undeveloped things are . 
  drop off is pretty rapid in some places, 
  show me one american college that denies or does n't mention gulags , or the upheaval in china during the mao era . 
  the assumptions underlying the question are wrong, 
   the ussr had a somewhat similar practice of redistribution of wealth , the soviets wanted to drag everyone on the same level . 
  this is an oft-repeated myth that we now know is false . 
  some specific areas were showered with money , especially east germany , while most others were not . 
  it had nothing to do with uplifting the the soviets ' puppets , and everything to do with maintaining control and competing for influence against the west . 
  eu , ussr , u.s. , it does n't matter ; the answer to the question of why each gives money to economically weaker entities is the same : because the funder thinks that the funding somehow benefits the one providing the funds . 
  the money and interest is n't there . 
  really , it 's more common to see professional latino athletes playing football and especially baseball as opposed to soccer . 
  i assume that , if we do develop really good players , they 'd go somewhere where soccer brings more prestige and presumably pay, 
   so at school classes , or as way to pass time with friends it would be equally common for boys and girls ? 
  sports as part of classes are really rare , especially soccer-not many people are interested in it here . 
  just how it is at the moment . 
  for fun , it 's probably as common for both . 
  soccer 's an easy game to play because all you need is space and a ball , and we have empty space in abundance here, 
   i do n't think anybody considers afghanistan or pakistan as part of the middle east outside of america . 
  no one in america considers afghanistan or pakistan the middle east , and those who do do n't actually know where either is . 
  you wo n't find a textbook here placing either one the middle east, 
  here 's an add-on question :  what kind of steps are required for buying a gun ? 
  has been answered , but what about rules regarding possession ? 
  my grandparents left about a dozen rifles to my dad and i , for example . 
  some you 'd classify as antiques or heirlooms-wwi/wwii rifles-and some not classifiable as such . 
  same rules apply as would in a purchase , or is it different ? 
  yea-there 's a reason that some cities here tried to ban handguns . 
  they 're the ones used in all the gun violence here, 
  point stands , imo, 
   loads of farmers and doctors in ireland for hundreds of years , literally nothing interesting . 
  i find the ordinary answers interesting . 
  every american has some bullshit family story that 's too fantastic to actually be true , including mine . 
  there may have been a kernel of truth in them at some point , but it 's sprouted into nonsense in most cases . 
  the people on this sub ? 
  answers that at least seem plausible , and definitely not embellished for effect . 
  you 'd never see a response like yours if this question was posted in r/askanamerican , for instance, 
   i just wanted to say that i do n't understand why anyone would downvote you . 
  because he 's american , and the subreddit is askeurope . 
  i find the questions and responses interesting , but ... he was n't asked , and neither was i , so we should n't be answering, 
   hooting is hard , it 's not like in a movie . 
  first time i picked up a pistol i was surprised as to how hard it was to hit a stationary target when i was calm and taking my time . 
  yep . 
  pistols , even good ones , ca n't hit shit under optimal conditions . 
  i was also surprised the first time i used one , as i was used to rifles that were sighted in and reasonably accurate so long as the barrel did n't get too hot . 
  some clown using a pistol for `` self defense '' is more likely to shoot up everything but the intended target ( and quickly ) , unless the plan is to execute someone or have them stand perfectly still a short distance away from you, 
  should the czech now give up his weapon because the dutch is a retard ? 
  that 's the reasoning behind all gun restrictions , including the ones that i assume that germany has . 
  people other than responsible gun owners can obtain and use them , and are the only ones really targeted by such a restriction the first place . 
  banning/prohibiting something due to the overall cost that the dumb people will inflict on society in the ban/prohibition 's absence is the driving purpose behind bans/prohibition to begin with . 
   ] otherwise people can easily bring whatever guns they want from that are legal in switzerland or austria or czech republic to denmark where they 're illegal . 
  this happens here all the time here . 
  cities with relatively strict gun laws waste their time when a neighboring county/state has lax gun possession and sales regulations . 
  d.c. and virginia are good examples : d.c. has strict rules , virginia has almost none , d.c. ca n't regulate the flow into d.c. due to legal and practical reasons , thus rendering any restrictions almost pointless, 
   his electorate will get angry , so he will try to start some shit abroad to divert the attention from the bad economy . 
  it 's specially worrying since this `` abroad '' might be cyprus or greek islands .
