  we heard that rumors like that too , and the word here was that someone from the eu or one of its members literally had to explain that there are no individual member-state trade agreements . 
  incompetence is hard to believe , but it 's not impossible . 
  thinking that someone would leave the eu just because of a proposal that trump makes is incompetence itself , though , and i ca n't imagine that anyone could have thought this was viable strategy to pull people out of it . 
  praising individual nations for eu accomplishments definitely sounds like incompetence . 
   again , thanks for the good insights . 
  it kinda boils down to what we just had in the other discussion . 
  and to be honest , for example the blowback on the australia comments is something i was n't aware of . 
  a lot of coverage overall in the last few months was pretty much back to back bullshit statements , there usually was n't much time to look around and ask : `` how do americans actually see this ? 
  is that him or them ? '', 
  australia blew over quickly because australians themselves sort of laughed it off-and because trump did n't do it in public . 
  the idea that he was actually that rude to someone like the pm of australia was really unacceptable , though . 
  his most recent meeting with merkel ... a lot of the shock value was gone at this point . 
  i mean if he was that rude to australia , why not germany ? 
  viewed more as petty/childish/beneath what a president should act like , mostly . 
   you 're referring to this which talks about `` trustworthy partners of germany '' . 
  the most recent of these polls showed a slight recovery but not by much . 
  to put it in perspective here is the same thing from november 2013 , after the whole nsa spying ordeal . 
  here is `` satisfied/very satisfied '' vs `` less satisfied/not satisfied at all '' for obama between 2009 and 2013 . 
  i suppose . 
  i vaguely remember the deal in 2013 , and know that germans are rather prickly about privacy and espionage . 
  much more so than we are . 
   i had some hope there , too . 
  that got crushed rather quickly tho . 
  trump 's been in the spotlight here a long time . 
  he 's not actually crazy-he 's just used the same tactics all his life , and he thinks they work . 
  repeating useful lies and assuming that people will move on , bullying , harassing , threatening-he thinks this is how you secure advantage . 
  to everyone else , it looks like being a jackass . 
  he ca n't see that , though, 
   we can dig out lots of things where one absolute was said and turned around some time later . 
  that does n't stand for stability , it 's a more unreliable , volatile way of doing things . 
  it stands for something-mostly that trump was unprepared to lead and ultimately does n't stand for anything . 
  he 's not really been more volatile , though ; just a huge prick about doing many of the same things . 
  continuing what was happening before is the path of least resistance for someone unprepared to assume office , so it 's no surprise to see him do so . 
   come on , why are you making it `` us '' vs `` them '' already ? 
  i for one am both european and do n't believe that americans are hell-bent on destroying the eu . 
  i do however believe the current us government has a vested interest in a weaker eu . 
  we 're seeing this with actions , words and the overall closer alignment to russia . 
  we 're not-there 's no vs. mentality here with regards to europe . 
  the only ones seeing a threat live on your side of the atlantic . 
  i mean , a weaker eu ? 
  what does that even mean , exactly ? 
  there is no eu army , barely an eu foreign policy , and not a problem country in it except for the same ones that are also annoying for all of our other friends ( hungary and to some extent poland right now ) . 
  if you really want to find someone worried about the eu , you should look east , not west . 
  at minimum , russia wants to contain it . 
   is that really what you expect from someone who represents your nation ? 
  is that normal ? 
  is being rude to every fucking stranger you meet the american way of handling these things ? 
  that 's not the us i used to look up to . 
  how is being disrespectful a virtue all of a sudden ? 
  fuck no it 's not expected , and certainly not a virtue . 
  not even his supporters expected it ; most thought he would act responsibly when conducting himself as an actual president-supporters and opponents alike . 
  or to let pence or someone else do that work for him . 
  i assure you , no one foresaw him berating the australian pm or what have you . 
  do you know how well-liked australia is in america ? 
  i really ca n't overstate how appalled people were . 
  australia is at least twice as popular as trump is ; people could n't believe it . 
  there is a reason pence and others go in to play cleanup with nato and so on after trump is rude to them . 
   care to name specific examples ? 
  if the leadership of a nation acts overly nationalistic , militaristic , treats politics like a zero-sum game , blames obvious scapegoats for anything that goes wrong and goes back on their words frequently that 's an issue that ca n't deserve enough criticism . 
  been there , done that , seen that path . 
  european really means german here . 
  i remember seeing a poll where germans viewed america and russia as either equally threatening to the eu , or equally untrustworthy-can ' t remember which . 
  that 's completely unreasonable , even with trump at the helm . 
  i ca n't find it now-it popped up on reddit recently . 
   and that 's just from skimming over two weeks worth of tweets . 
  trump 's tweets are like a fire that 's fueled by attention instead of oxygen . 
  the more attention , the more outrageous they get . 
  the less attention they get , the less brightly they burn . 
  if everyone stopped paying attention , that outrageous things that he tweets would disappear entirely, 
   i 'm having real trouble understanding how you can be so nonchalant about this . 
  we 're talking about the leader of a nation here , someone who represents the american people to the rest of the world . 
  if his words ca n't be taken seriously then how is that even remotely acceptable ? 
  it 's not acceptable-that 's why 60 % of the country already hates him . 
  for some who 's barely 100 days in , that 's unprecedented . 
  there 's also waning anxiety here now that it 's clear that republicans ca n't really do anything . 
  healthcare was the lowest of low-hanging fruit for them ; they 're in for rough waters ahead . 
  also , i think most people expected him to start acting like a president after he was elected . 
  why , i do n't know , but there was that belief . 
  not anymore , though, 
  there 's no indication that the law can not be used again , in the same manner . 
  i see no evidence here that this law was held either unconstitutional , or unenforceable against others in the future . 
  i see that the court ruled that this particular guy 's actions did n't constitute a crime ; whether that is the equivalent of our supreme court striking down a law as unconstitutional while that unenforceable law remains the law is unclear from the given material . 
  that would be the equivalent of a case here holding that a defendant 's actions did not fit the elements of a crime , such that the defendant ca n't be prosecuted for violating it . 
  the crime itself remains punishable as such . 
  in other words , the precedential value of this case appears to relate to what actions constitute a crime under the statute-not to whether it 's constitutional or enforceable . 
   `` all transactions and activities otherwise prohibited pursuant to executive order 13694 ... as amended by eo 13757 , are authorised , '' i wo n't defend the strange decision to issue this ( or to use the british spelling for authorized '' ) , but i will say that this is not as broad as the independent suggests . 
  you can read it here : https://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/programs/documents/cyber_gl1.pdf i have to wonder what tech products we could even license to the fsb , or what they would actually buy from us . 
  makes no sense ; seems like it 's something designed to legitimize software licenses that they already held , but i ca n't really tell . 
   if you think the words of the us president do n't represent us policy then i do n't really know what to add . 
  if you think that this president 's words mean anything , i do n't know what to say . 
  even his own diehards do n't understand why he 's shifted so much . 
  they 'll still support him unfailingly , but the questioning itself is unusual for them, 
   at least over here that 's a rather new development due to a certain ... volatility in the american government . 
  you mean , due to literally one sentence that some guy said once ( that ambassador to the eu ) . 
  europeans are convinced that we are hell-bent on destroying the eu now , and it looks like pure hysteria-especially what we 're seeing from germany . 
  ( yes , i know trump was rude to merkel , but do n't put yourself on a pedestal-he 's a dick to almost everyone , even australia . 
  this is the same guy who mocked a handicapped reporter , called judge biased because he 's mexican , peddled lies about obama 's birthplace for years , and is even now lying about being spied on by obama . 
  you really think there 's special ire for you ? ), 
  even assuming that americans actually have an opinion on the eu ( most do n't ) , trade with europe is n't exactly seen as a major threat . 
  nafta and china are real villains in that narrative .
