  he simply had massive amounts of oil money to throw around , that maduro does n't have . 
  he would have faced the same problems , and failed handle them . 
  yes , those are definitely the reasons why chavez was a terrible leader . 
  definitely . 
  ca n't think of a single thing he did that did n't contribute massively to the current crisis . 
  not a thing . 
  ( that 's me mocking you , fyi ), 
  chavez was digging the hole that maduro fell into . 
  had oil tanked on chavez 's watch , the same thing would be happened . 
  there 's no reason to excuse someone for failing to see this obvious fact . 
  it 's entirely fair to call an idiot an idiot . 
  apple customer service is n't the problem-it used to be that they would blame customers for any defect and tell you to fuck off if there was a problem . 
  their computers are exactly what i 'm talking about wrt overpriced . 
  apple homers tend to use only apple shit , and to but every thing thrown into their faces by apple , which makes it so much worse . 
  taken separately , all that shit sounds good . 
  we just took the bold step forward and combined it, 
   well since we are having a discussion about a hypothetical situation , the question how much we want to challenge is not relevant . 
  there is no point discussing a hypothetical if you do n't try and make realistic predictions . 
  i could predict that aliens will wind up taking the iron throne in westeros , but that 's not an interesting or informative contribution to anything . 
   shutting down services and forcibly jump starting our own tech sector ? 
  that was not the point , i addressed it to give an example of eu compliance and how usa benefits from that . 
  you assume it would jump-start it . 
  the point , though , was that the eu is not capable of acting in a unified way to produce such an outcome , even if it has the capability . 
   how can we not undermine parts of your economy ? 
  and if the answer is ` we cant ' , how come the usa is immune to it ? 
  my guess on that answer is that it would suck for usa too , but too proud to admit it ? 
  it 's not about being immune-it 's about the fact that a small percentage people here make a living in connection with global trade , while the reverse is n't true for the export-led countries in the eu . 
  honestly , what difference does it make to people here if apple ca n't sell an iphone in europe or japan , or if ag exports decline ? 
  a few wealthy people get all the gains anyways . 
  it 's not a vulnerability like people might assume . 
   i guess thats not as bad as 50 % voting extreme right and 25 % voting extreme left here in the states . 
  i see you went to the donald trump school of statistical analysis, 
  i 'm not sure you know what constant warfare means , we 've made you , a fertile source of bullshit in europe ( brandenburg in particular ) , behave and stop fucking with your neighbors . 
  that is achievement enough , and is a benefit provided to everyone that they did not contribute much to . 
  ironically , the russians did more as much on this front as we did . 
   im not sure exactly how they got their taxable profits down so low they do n't have any . 
  their whole mo is to dominate supply , and operate at low margins or even losses that no one else can stand against for long in order to dominate market share . 
   also , how do you think a united european army would look like ? 
  you make it sound like each country would have one specific branch of service that 's what efficiency has to mean . 
  unless everyone is willing to let the only countries with the money to do so provide high-end capabilities like the air force , and to then spend only what the high-end provider wants on what the high-end providers wants everyone else to spend it on , you 're going to have a bunch of redundant , ineffective , and expensive military forces that ca n't accomplish much . 
  eliminating redundancy is literally step one in being efficient . 
  they could even post a loss this quarter . 
  amazon is not that profitable-it just has a salesman at the helm and relentless expansion . 
  not surprising to me . 
  the fact that you think that is considered cheddar is more evidence that you no longer have the right to claim cheddar as your own . 
   i just do n't say a martini is the same action as a henry because of the rel i think you were going to finish this thought by more less saying martini / = / henry ? 
  i ca n't claim to have ever seen either ( maybe at a gun show without realizing it ) , but my understanding is that both are breech-action guns . 
  cheddar ca n't be british , because we have decided that it is american . 
  rules are rules , i 'm afraid, 
  slaver is not `` closely tied '' with economic interests . 
  slavery was the chief economic interest of the antebellum south . 
  south carolina was the richest state in america thanks to the value of all of its slaves . 
  slaves grew and harvested the crops that planters made money from . 
  owners got 3/5 extra votes per slave that they owned . 
  it was not some ancillary concern to some noble cause about states ' rights or some other bullshit or other, 
  apple does not respect your privacy any more than anyone else . 
  i do n't have a problem with them on that front , but i 'm not going to put them up on a pedestal . 
  apple ensures that any scrap of software you bought for their devices will never work on another device , whether it 's non-apple products or even an older apple device that apple deems it necessary for you to replace-in the process forcing you to use their `` proprietary '' bullshit like earbuds and their ridiculous mini-usb chargers . 
  until very recently , apple would never replace or repair a defective product , either . 
  that has had to change , thankfully , but they are still a shit company selling overpriced stuff that i want no part of . 
  you say `` we , '' but ask yourself : how much of the eu is really ready to challenge the us for the sake of holland , of germany , or any individual member ? 
  and if you did , who would it cost more : you , or us ? 
  it 's not credible to say that the eu can hurt us like that ... because the eu is a disagreeable bunch of countries with no real unity , and because it would suffer much more than we would . 
  look at your own country ; you survive on global trade . 
  most of it is with other eu members , but how much would it hurt you to lose our market vs. the reverse ? 
  just because you watch american movies and by things like iphones does n't give you leverage any more than us buying japanese cars gives them leverage over us . 
  the money from that stuff goes to a tiny handful of people not living or working here ; it makes no difference what happens to apple 's international sales , frankly . 
  the proportion of people actually hurt by such a thing would be very small , , since so few actually have a direct stake in international trade . 
  can export-focused economies like many in the eu say the same ? 
  i mean , sure , could the worlds and together and hurt us economically ? 
  yes . 
  will it ? 
   it 's poor at the moment , obviously , but even if it were as rich as the usa ( relative to pop size ) it 'd still have too few people . 
  russia is too dysfucnctional , size aside . 
  it should be the richest nation in human history , given it 's vast resource wealth , but look at it . 
   the world is just lucky the usa is the sole power , if the soviet union or nazi germany ( if either did n't collapse ) , you 'd have a different opinion on a unipolar world . 
  the world has always been more peaceful in a unipolar situation . 
  just because one hegemon has been better than those before it does n't make this less true, 
   usa and eu . 
  eu has every capability to undermine the usa , but they just accept it instead . 
  there 's the big flaw in this analysis . 
  i speak from experience . 
  people who want to believe it will , and this 's who do n't wo n't . 
  if germany really wants to do something useful in this regard , it should simply ensure that political extremism remains at the margins of political life . 
  that 's the real solution , for the present and future, 
  i have one just because i like the way it handles . 
  we are very much in the minority though, 
  dismissed ? 
  the point is that semi-auto rifles are extremely common ; it 's not as if it 's ar15 vs. single-shot rifles . 
  tons and tons of hunting rifles-easily the great majority-are semis . 
  they have small clips for obvious reasons , but are still semis . 
  bolt is the preference among those aiming for peak accuracy because they are the most accurate . 
  not everyone can or wants to pretend to be able to hit a small target from 500 yards out , and those that can can also do so using something like a .270 or 30-06 semi without spraying rounds like it 's a machine gun . 
  pump and martini action rifles are so rarely used as to not matter . 
  i have never seen anyone actually using either . 
  because there were literally the first bombs made for mass use in war . 
  not like heavy bombers were a thing before wwii . 
  of course the early ones were inaccurate and unreliable, 
  it is n't . 
  people who want to believe it will ; those who do n't wo n't .
