  anyone who stands up and says that they will keep the americans out , keep isis/the rebels at bay , and win the war will be agreeable to all parties involved, 
   but we do n't know enough to take these kind of decisions , we do n't have enough informations atm and we simply ca n't act without thinking of the consequences . 
  what if we do n't have the whole story and we got it wrong ? 
  i assume you 're referring to the chance that someone not affiliated with assad did it . 
  consider that we 've sat back and done nothing since 2013 while chemical weapons were used ; why would anyone expect a different outcome now ? 
  no one else had any reason to do it at all . 
  people are understandably hesitant after the iraq fiasco , but this is really not all that difficult a thing to parse . 
   it could backfire very fast on everyone involved in these military action against syria . 
  and your `` show of force '' become a trap that could taint any future relationships in the middle east and ruin any small improvement that was made during all these years before . 
  and even worse it could fuel the hate that the terrorist use in their propaganda against us ... potshots at assad are not going to hurt us in the middle east . 
  our `` allies '' there are pissed that we have n't done anything , and our enemies are already our enemies . 
  the damage you 're referring to was done years ago already i 'm afraid, 
   i 'm more inclined to say that if it was an attack with chemical or biological weapons by the syrian government , it was probably without assad 's knowledge . 
  not impossible , definitely . 
  still his and his patron 's problem to solve , though ; either control his minions in this regard , or face consequences . 
  letting it slide would create a gaping loophole for anyone looking to use such weapons to sail through, 
   and has been instantly seized on as grounds for intervention , which they must have known . 
  why ? 
  they 've been doing this since at least 2013 ; nothing was done then or since . 
  in fact , our congress refused to even vote on whether to take action when it first came up . 
  there 's been nothing to suggest this would have changed in 2017 . 
  couple that with the administration 's signals that it did not want to get involved against assad , and i 'm sure that assad and friends were actually shocked by the response . 
   it gains him nothing fear and damage to his enemies . 
  those are not unimportant to someone who looking to quash a rebellion, 
   it is prooven , that al-nusra had access to toxic gas since 2013 . 
  read the links , as you obviously have n't, 
  how about the fact that the russian version of what happened is mh-17 level nonsense ? 
  if there 's a really a good reason to dispute the given version of events , surely there 's something better than the nonsense they are spewing right now . 
  why would they not jump at the opportunity to call us on it ? 
  there 's a few problems with their narrative , but the main ones are found here : https://www.hrw.org/news/2017/04/06/russias-claim-alleged-chemical-attack-syria and here : http://www.cnn.com/2017/04/05/middleeast/syria-sarin-chemical-weapons-explainer/index.html no investigation is going to find their version credible , at the very least . 
   i 'm fine with sanctions but i 'm not sure bombing a military base , effectively killing dozens of possibly innocent people is the right way to go about it . 
  if you want to have an effective deterrent threat against chem weapons use without getting deeply involved in the underlying conflict , there 's not many other alternatives . 
  the airbase where the attack supposedly came from is a wise choice . 
   besides , did n't trump say he wanted to focus more on the us and have it become more isolationist altogether ? 
  does n't quite make sense to go for such drastic measures , after all , he did n't want to be the leader of the free world anymore . 
  something 's going on in the national security council and behind the scenes at the white house . 
  bannon 's departure from the nsc coinciding with this act is not a coincidence-someone with some sense is advising trump on this for a change . 
  broadly , though , you ca n't put any stock in what trump says . 
  he says everything and nothing all the time , and his supporters never punish him for it . 
  only his actions will tell us anything, 
  artificial borders are a big part of what led to this crap in the first place ( sykes-picot ) . 
  plus , few of its neighbors are going to be happy with any proposed division . 
  it 's probably the only way to make things worse, 
   we need a un inquiry into the poison gas attack . 
  something else is needed , since europeans are apparently gripped with conspiracy theories and suspicion . 
  where was this when mh17 happened , eh ? 
  un investigations will not be allowed to assign blame ; the russians wo n't agree to let it proceed if that 's not among the conditions . 
   hrw is not a credible source . 
  they are basically funded by the neocon warhawks that 's a blatant lie . 
  hrw does not accept donations from governments ; their financial statements are all online for the interested to peruse . 
  moreover , the idea that the warhawks ( here or elsewhere ) are on good terms with a group like hrw is just laughable . 
  they take the u.s. to task all the time for any number of things-all of which you are free to peruse for yourself . 
  here 's something short and simple for you to start with as chew on some crow-hrw 's actual stance on the most recent chemical weapons attacks : https://www.hrw.org/news/2017/04/06/russias-claim-alleged-chemical-attack-syria the tl ; dr is that they ca n't assign blame yet , but that the russian version is not consistent with what 's known already about this incident and previous use chemical weapons by rebels ( read : isis ) in iraq, 
   we should provide humanitarian aid , support the people attacked by the regime or by the terrorists and help to find a diplomatic solution , but let 's not get involved in the actual war between assad and the rebels . 
  no one 's getting involved in that ; deterrence of further chemical weapons usage ( however belated ) by both assad and future leaders is not the same thing . 
   he 's also got the russians to answer to . 
  not only is it not logical , it 's a fucking insane thing to do . 
  is it ? 
  rex tillerson outright said that the u.s. would n't intervene a few days ago . 
  he may not have meant to send that message , but it 's pretty obvious that someone could have interpreted that way . 
  with that threat ostensibly gone , doing this does n't seem all that far-fetched . 
   how many of those have occurred in government held areas ? 
  here 's a hint , it 's less than 1 . 
  you 're wasting your time explaining it . 
  even in this thread , the conspiracy-theorist idiocy is shockingly rampant . 
  next , we 'll be reconsidering whether russian pets actually shot down mh-17 , or whether one of the nonsensical conspiracy theories spewed about it are actually true, 
   terror why ? 
  why would anyone want to bother doing this in sweden , of all places ? 
  completely disagree . 
  let 's be honest : the world has written syria off . 
  there 's no good outcome there , and no one 's willing ( or even able ) to change that now . 
  actually laying down a line ( if belatedly ) regarding chemical weapon usage might do some good in the future , though , whether in syria or elsewhere . 
  russia should n't be allowed to stand in the way of that . 
  and they wo n't . 
  putin is no fool ; he knows that escalation would be a disaster for russia and especially for him personally . 
  if anything , the signal that assad ca n't simply hide behind russia should lead to iran ( assad 's real patron ) and/or russia either muzzling assad , or finding a more compliant puppet, 
  people rage to this day about `` dishonest '' polls in our election , completely ignoring all the simple explanations regarding what the numbers in a given poll reflect-and somehow glossing over the considerable popular vote advantage clinton had over trump and how that was actually in line with said polls . 
  there 's no point trying to explain it to someone who prefers not to understand-regardless of where they are from, 
  ... but what if it 's other anglos doing the insulting ? 
  not us , of course-just asking for a friend, 
   which atrocities are glossed over depends largely on where you 're from though . 
  it 's not like we intentionally gloss over our failings , or single them out for short treatment ; all topics in a public school history class outside of the revolutionary war and ww2 are glossed over-both good and bad . 
  there 's not much glossing left to do at that point, 
   it was actually florida . 
  only surprises people who have never been to florida . 
  florida really gets a pass thanks to the tourist crap there, 
  topic fucking derailed haha, 
  i understand that the dutch flag looks suspiciously like the french flag turned to the left , and the russian flag looks suspiciously like the dutch flag ( because they straight-up copied it , so says wikipedia ) . 
  i see a pattern here, 
   if you wanted to enter the u.s and in order to do so where asked to strip down to nothing and then have you rear searched for `` bombs and drugs '' would you be happy ? 
  now that you mention it ... 
  fucking europeans trying to steal our thunder, 
  they melted under the constant barrage of american encroachment and violence . 
  so ... kind of a melting pot for them, 
  i wo n't say it is n't - i 'm just pointing what out what the typical die-hard trump supporter hears when they 're told about these proposed practices . 
  the amazing thing is that nearly everyone here hates the idea . 
  it 's like trump tries to actively antagonize everyone , including many of his own supporters, 
  that has got to be the worst origin story for a flag that i 've ever read . 
  russia should make the change just to have a better story to tell, 
  translation : `` extreme vetting '' will apply to `` everyone , '' but only be used against people who look kinda sorta like they might be from the middle east .
