  never saw a problem that this approach could n't solve, 
   um , if you have n't noticed greece has a conscript military for the most part as well . 
  turkey also heavily relied on arab groups in syria who were pro-turkey , these groups are n't as renown to be as effective as kurdish fighting groups ( which is why the us has been supporting the kurds ) . 
  did n't know , and do n't care . 
  i do know that i have zero concerns about the turkish military , though . 
  i will believe that they have the capacity and/or desire to threaten something other than talk when i see it . 
  even setting their capabilities aside , this is a place with a domestic insurgency ( thanks to erdogan 's abandonment of his successful peace process in the vain pursuit of further power ) with real teeth and that 's surrounded by failed and hostile states ; they have better things to do . 
  erdogan 's crackdown and purge in the military is not going to help matters , either . 
  i would not be surprised to see erdogan try and arabize the military 's command structure in order to ensure that it ca n't pose a threat in the future . 
  it 's just as well , though-no one really thinks that turkey would or even wants to present a unified deterrent against russian adventurism . 
  a weakened and dysfunctional turkey that grudgingly hosts nato assets is not the worst thing that could happen , if we 're being frank about it : we get what we want , and they stay weak enough to still need us . 
  turkey 's little slapfights with various eu members do n't change any of that . 
   people are really underestimating the effectiveness of the turkish military , and the power that isis possesses in syria and iraq , there 's a reason the entire us coalition has been taking months and months just to launch their ground offensive into the heart of isis . 
  people sitting in the comfort of their chairs , in front of their computers in the west think its just a couple of inexperienced people wearing turbans , sandals with a couple rusty rpg 's . 
  thing is , isis really is not that powerful-it 's enemies simply refused to fight it ( iraqis ) or ignored it for political gain , and let it entrench in places where it 's hard to remove it without massive collateral damage . 
  these things have made isis look powerful , but it is more a testament to how pathetic its opponents have been than anything else . 
  you 'll notice that it makes no headway when it meets actual , competent forces like hezbollah and other iranian-sponsored forces . 
  additional pipelines = additional delivery capacity over what exists now , and thus increased dependence . 
  the idea that 's it 's merely rerouted ( though this is one reason why ee hates this particular plan so much ) flies in the face of reality and basic math , and makes a joke out of any claims to desire energy independence or even reduced dependence on russian gas, 
   turkey fights both the ypg/pkk and isis in syria , what has greece done against isis ? 
  only grudgingly does turkey fight isis . 
  turkey was a big cheerleader and supporter when isis was on the verge of wiping out the organized syrian kurdish forces . 
  ca n't control a rabid dog , though , and that went predictably poorly for turkey, 
  i mean ... hating turkey has been the only thing the eu could agree on for several years now , and this sub is filled with eu zealots . 
  idk why you 're surprised, 
  turkey 's participation in syria is exposing it 's ineptness more than anything . 
  that 's what happens when you run a conscript army though . 
  we 'll play with yours-by blowing them up . 
  breaking russian junk is sort of our specialty, 
  ... except we are a blood oath . 
  the last time people voted to leave , we fought a war to keep them in . 
  leaving is n't part of the deal, 
   or obama was . 
  obama pressed europe do more from day one-he just was n't belligerent about it . 
   also one of his campaign promises was to increase spending on national defense ( which heavily decreased under obama ) and rebuild us ' military . 
  defense spending fell because we left iraq , and because the idiot gop demanded sequestration and then refused to agree on a budget or play any part in passing one . 
  he requested more money each year , but congressional dysfunction left us limping along under the sequestration rules as opposed to under an actual budget for years . 
  the military is not falling apart by any means , despite whining to the contrary, 
  the german position is that the current sanctions are enough and that more would only damage peace talks over ukraine and make the situation more explosive . 
  lol . 
  you can not be serious . 
  no wonder they are skeptical . 
  is that honestly the german position ? 
  it ca n't be . 
   edit2 : i honestly never expected r/europe to be pro-trump . 
  they 're not pro-trump , but ee apparently does n't like the weak explanations behind nord stream 2 . 
  and they also seem to hate the push for taking in more migrants, 
  i mean , i fully intend to be a brutal dictator once i seize power . 
  otherwise , what 's the point ? 
   mhm i 'd rather worry about merkel kissing putins ass in regards to nord stream 2 and cancelling south stream than trump . 
  i 'd worry more that the french were literally selling putin two mistral warships before ukraine finally shamed them out of it . 
  no one seems to remember that . 
  they were sold to egypt , but i 'm sure it 's only a matter of time before they make their way to russia . 
  and that germans apparently feel no shame in increasing their dependence on russian gas and strengthening the kremlin in the process as well-they will even tell you that it has no bearing on security in east/west , and is not a matter that nato or anyone else should worry about . 
  trump has a weird affinity for russia , but he 's been hemmed in so much that it has n't mattered . 
  being despised by a majority of america before you even take office has that effect, 
   they pretty much handed the republicans the ability to call a constitutional convention please-the gop is incapable of actual governance beyond the state level . 
  there is 0 chance they could do this , or accomplish anything if they did . 
   so just to be clear - you ca n't provide any evidence ? 
  i thought we are all innocent until proven guilty in the us ? 
  following your logic i can call you a pedophile without providing any evidence for that hypothetical claim and be correct . 
  i have gone through this with useful idiots over and over again . 
  i am done . 
  you are literate-all the evidence that the conclusions are based on is out there . 
  if i list here , you will simply chirp on and continue to sow your bullshit and lies in the face of it . 
  i 've been through this with many a recalcitrant right-winger , and i am done . 
  the truth is out there , but you will only find it when you want to . 
   still shocked by your love and faith in the cia . 
  intelligence agencies have always worked through deception . 
  our intelligence agencies have always done their own thing no matter who was president . 
  no one blindly trusts them , but when i see them publicly contradicting a sitting president to their own detriment on something like this , it makes me wonder . 
  there is no incentive to take this risk-really , the incentives are to keep this secret and blackmail the president with it in order to push the agency agenda . 
  that they are acting in a way that opposes their selfish objectives , while trump and friends are in full-on self-preservation selfish mode . 
   lastly , it 's very alarming and saddening to me that you call for violence against your fellow citizens based on a mere difference of opinion . 
  i risked everything to escape socialism and emigrate to this nation in order to avoid exactly what you are wishing for . 
  you should feel some very serious and heavy shame for calling for the deaths of your brothers and sisters . 
  sorry you chose wrong , i guess . 
  i 'm fed up with the bullshit that the gop has cursed this nation and world with , and i am not alone , and anyone defending them or playing along with their bullshit is no friend or countrymen of mine . 
  they feel the same way about me . 
  and i feel no shame in saying so . 
  think it 's closer to 125 lbs . 
  that 's a lot of c4 to just vanish, 
  probably . 
  especially with places like mexico , or many proposed members of tpp . 
  i mean , do you think the vietnamese will adhere to any standards in a treaty like that ? 
  the eu is in for a headache with even japan , honestly . 
  they 're famous for non-trade restraints-you 'll have to watch them closely, 
  lol denizen is just a person who lives in a given area . 
  according to your flair , you 're a denizen of the woods in sweden, 
   your hypothetical scenario does n't exist in the real world . 
  that 's why i called it a hypothetical . 
  the whole point is to show that the death penalty 's problem is in application , not as a concept . 
   if anything you have conceded that you your support of death penalty is so barbaric that you have to make up hypothetical scenarios that have no bearing in real life . 
  only in your mind . 
  you keep harping about the problems with the way it exists as-is , and no one is defending it . 
  you 've walked back from an absolutist stance to this , and that 's good enough for me . 
  no-i see that you are incorrect , and missing the point . 
  trump would prefer to destroy the unified trade bloc and not deal with it as such . 
  that does n't mean that any deal with the eu is n't bilateral-it means trump wants to break up the eu into smaller entities that he thinks are weaker . 
  there 's no tension in the internal logic .
