  it 's public record when someone is indicted , or if news simply comes out or is uncovered . 
  there is no reason to hide information already available to the world . 
  giving credence to such claims reduces anyone 's credibility . 
  britain is an island that imports stuff in droves ; in theory , it could suffer food insecurity at any time . 
  the idea that brexit will be the catalyst , though , is absurd, 
  laughable . 
  i know that brexit is a source of great amusement for many , but the idea that the uk will literally suffer `` food insecurity '' is a joke . 
  people who are against brexit hurt their own credibility with such claims . 
  charging for base usage is not unique , or a black mark against anyone that does it . 
  you 're short-sighted if you ca n't see the long-term dangers . 
  turkey has a public strongly against nato ; a leader hostile to the west , including the us , who actively seeks to thrown in his lot with iran and russia ( and is working with them to prop up qatar as we speak ) ; who purged and jailed thousands of military members who had ties to nato and replaced them with members favoring distancing turkey from it ( nyt or wapo ) ; and who is now buying weapons that can not be integrated with nato hardware ( s-400 ) . 
  we ca n't pretend like turkey is going to back to being a reliable member ; the only institution that supported it ( the secular military ) has been defanged and is now controlled by erdogan . 
  it 's days of contributing to nato appear to be over . 
  show me one instance where you thought this was inappropriate , and i will show you an instance of you being unreasonable . 
  what , are you being paid to push the narrative ( i.e. , fucking lie ) that 's going to justify your next excursion into some former soviet territory ? 
  `` protect our fallen comrades '' will be the new rallying cry for it ? 
  lol russian whatabsolutism bitch-boys always quick to action . 
  has nothing to do with the very good reasons why poland hates you-give a reason why it should n't or go take your paid trolling elsewhere, 
  building false hope among countries like ukraine sends mixed-messages that will only breed resentment later . 
  just look at the eu 's antics with turkey , pretending that it ever had a chance at membership . 
  it 's one of erdogan 's favorite rallying cries now . 
  long-term mistake, 
  do n't be naive . 
  russia 's foreign policy is built around avoiding a fight with the us . 
  the idea that they would toss that away now is silly . 
  why would you expect that ? 
  honest debate about mutual history ? 
  they 're still peddling nonsense about that plane full of dutchies that they or their pets shot down . 
  i do n't think open exchange is in the cards, 
  in no way is ukraine a viable candidate for nato membership . 
  i get that russia terrorizes them night and day , but ukraine is basically a dysfunctional kleptocracy at best . 
  ukraine has a long , long way to go before they become a viable and valuable addition, 
   people do n't understand that you can have someone who loves his wife and children and goes about his life in what seems like a pretty normal way but would throw a gay man off a roof without thinking about it or beat his daughter for marrying the wrong person . 
  and be totally open about how they would do so , too . 
  they 'll talk about doing this backward shit like it 's totally normal . 
  i remember a friend of mine in morocco-totally normal ( and even western , at least outwardly ) - casually talking about how he wished he could punch some girl in the face for wearing something he disapproved of . 
  it 's shocking to hear . 
  even the bigots here know that they 're frowned on , and resort to dog whistles and the like . 
  no such facade there, 
   the people who beat this couple up need to be deported immediately . 
   you are presumed to be innocent of a crime until convicted in a court of law . 
  that 's not how immigration and asylum works . 
  if germans decide that feeling good about themselves and superior to other humans is less important than getting rid of these people quickly , they can likely do it . 
  immigrants , asylum seekers , and others who are present at the pleasure of the host state can be deported for any reason-there is no inherent right for any to be present . 
  nyt uses alleged in all cases until a conviction or exoneration occurs via trial . 
  alleged does n't denote anything other than the fact that neither has occurred . 
  it 's time to consider expelling turkey from nato . 
  seems turkey is more interested in weaponizing it 's membership that anything else . 
  an unpredictable loose-cannon more interested in looking east than west . 
  erdogan 's tilt is not a passing phase , but a realignment that needs to be acknowledged and addressed . 
  we ca n't let a place like that gain any more knowledge about nato equipment or capabilities , lest all of wind up in an adversary 's hands . 
  this is pretty low on the importance front . 
  i have other shit to do , i just do n't want to, 
  subtle humor is subtle . 
  overexaggeration is not unknown to those capable of humor . 
  ( i see that germany flair ), 
  while tragic and unacceptable , stuff like that is barely a blip on the radar of what afghanistan 's been through thanks to afghans themselves, 
  it 's not a joke-it 's a basic proposition . 
  every person alive is not waiting for american marching orders . 
  the arab spring happened , and went south . 
  blaming the west for that is juvenile . 
  you 've inherited his superiority complex , but apparently not the lofty ambitions, 
  that 's sort of sad to hear , honestly, 
  you misunderstand-the point is you do n't dominate anything . 
  it 's not the regime saying this-they position themselves publicly as dedicated lunatics . 
  there 's no egyptian-style sales job on that front . 
  it 's the handful of saudis i 've met , and those active on reddit . 
  they have a take on it that we do n't . 
  your whiny criticism only fuels me , really, 
  i entered with a copenhagen pass , which covers admission but not rides . 
  you can apparently buy an all-included package and avoid paying for each ride, 
  even if that 's what up votes mean , that just means that those who agree with you are also ignorant fools, 
  it does n't matter-i 'm aware of all of that . 
  people who truly believe that china is any way practicing or seeking free trade are driven by emotional responses , not facts . 
  that 's why they are so eager to latch into empty words . 
  you will not actually convincing them . 
  mockery is the most enjoyable option , in light of that . 
  please-this is low hanging fruit . 
  the sarcasm has barely begun, 
  because the chinese know the west is full of people stupid enough to believe that they intend to follow said rules when it does n't benefit them . 
  exhibit a : you, 
  will be tough . 
  `` private '' companies like space x are de facto state entities . 
  no one is going to tolerate that kind of entity setting up shop in a tax haven like luxembourg, 
   the united states should have back the secular regime instead of the forces of jihad . 
  see previous response :  supporting the soviet puppet would simply have gotten americans killed for nothing , as occurred in vietnam at least this way , the world got rid of the soviet union faster than it otherwise would have . 
  no one serious person not on the russian dole can think that the u.s. should have had anything do with afghanistan in the 1980 's other than a ) nothing or b ) keep the soviets tied down and bleeding, 
  and thank goodness for those corporate monstrosities . 
  complain though people will , those places are my sole source of ice while overseas . 
  they do n't really bother anything , even near the historic stuff . 
  some fake , tourist-trap restaurant would only take it 's place anyhow, 
  both losing is just the status quo with different window dressing . 
  if one bad actor subdues another , i say ok . 
  there are places to worry about saudi arabia 's influence , but qatar really is n't one of them . 
  maybe biting sarcasm is a better label . 
  reddit is just full of ridiculous things susceptible to such sarcasm . 
  hate the problem , not the symptoms, 
   u/whatsubitchez i think a 12 yr old shouting that would be pretty funny , honestly-almost as funny as the misspelling . 
  almost, 
  idk , i really think using a clearer title would help .
