  there 's really no point pretending anymore, 
   sanctions cut both ways usa issued sanctions that hurt germany almost as much as they hurt russia and benefit some major usa companies . 
  of course germany is not happy . 
  not one german anything has been sanctioned , yet look at all this nonsense . 
  picking a fight with us ? 
  for real ? 
  it 's just germans wailing hysterically over nothing , confirming for all that they are not someone to rely on when it comes to russia . 
   because you are in a defence alliance with them ? 
  right ? 
  if this is really a problem for them , they should probably leave nato as soon as possible . 
  the great irony is that them allowing it just an illusion ; they could easily have to deal with others gaining access rights without membership . 
  and if someone really , really wants to occupy them , well ... this easier-access business wo n't matter at all, 
  you 've finally the wisdom in the words is all . 
  til that ireland has a navy, 
  german leaders prefer to get all of the benefits while keeping something there to rail against , should it become convenient to do so . 
  getting us out would take both away . 
  it 's not unlike the game that the leading brexiteers played, 
  i 'm just going to throw it out there : if the powers-that-be really wanted to invade slovakia , they would think of a much better reason than this . 
  like , any reason at all, 
  having an actual army makes it more important by default . 
   considering that the nk state has computers and that they 've been using them for cyberwar , i do n't see what is stupid about them being hacked . 
  perhaps a super security savant such as yourself could bless me with your inspired facts . 
  they have a tiny elite that uses them for their own personal and state purposes . 
  the idea that `` hacking '' them would amount to anything of relevance is very stupid . 
  if this were a viable way to injure them , i invite you to ask why it has n't been done already, 
   germany urges eu countermeasures we all know the eu is not going to agree on this ; it 's a german initiative , and will remain such . 
  no point pretending otherwise, 
  germany = europe 1939 is leaking, 
  yea , and they all hide their accents so no one knows the difference . 
  pick any random tv show here , and you can bet that at least two of the main characters are australians or brits faking an american accent . 
  is this real life ? 
  how can anyone think this ? 
   you do n't remember all the constant complaining by the media to do things like europe when it came to letting illegal immigrants stay no . 
  this is what we do , and have done for decades . 
  there are tens of millions of illegals chilling here right now-daca has existed for years , for instance . 
  this is a terrible example for anyone to choose , as we are far and away more lenient with illegal immigrants than anywhere in europe is ( despite their wailing ) . 
   he 's not wrong , countries will point to other countries as an example of `` why ca n't we have this/run things like this , it works in x country . '', 
  yes , but this is a rare sentiment in the news here, 
  pretty sure i watch more american media than you , and have a much better idea of what 's actually being said . 
   `` why ca n't we do things like in europe '' is not among those things, 
  they supply a good chunk of the worlds coal , oil , and natural gas . 
  so there 's that, 
   `` it 's his fault our justice system is a joke around the world ! '', 
  read the comment chain more closely , and try again, 
  trump and tillerson 's bullshit with state dept. 
  is a concern for them . 
  this ? 
  they 'll just be reassigned somewhere not russia , which is not the worse outcome for anyone, 
  breed like mad . 
  suffer economic distress . 
  demand government support for breeding like mad . 
  not the exact same situation , but israel is dealing with something similar . 
  us forces do n't bother reporting it anymore . 
  corruption and general barbaric behavior is universally-accepted and practiced by every faction that the only way to stop it is , literally , to exterminate everyone over a certain age and raise the kids to be different . 
  eventually someone will admit this and pull us out of the shithole, 
  that 's like saying we created this because we 're behind on horse and buggy tech . 
  diesel is on its way out . 
  all the cheating and shit in the world does n't change that, 
  they run shit op-eds . 
  that 's never not been true, 
   syria was/is a rather secular country do n't confuse secularism enforced by a repressive government with the will of the people . 
  there is a reason that the religiously-affiliated rebels wiped the floor with the so-called moderate ones , and it 's not because people yearned for a secular syria . 
  you can say the same for any number of secular states with repressive governments, 
  distressed properties will be cheap . 
  loans will be harder to get , because banks will have much weaker balance sheets due to underwater properties . 
  rents will soar , because anyone not flush with cash or with great capacity to secure loans will be forced to rent . 
  source : lived through this bullshit, 
  it 's more convenient for we to overlook it and feign a little more outrage . 
  it 's their favorite thing to do when it comes to u.s. 
  weakness and envy manifest in strange ways . 
  the swedes wanted assange-there has never been a charge of any kind against him here , or any sort of extradition request . 
  unless you really think the swedes are doing this just for us , even though we are a million times more capable of doing it ourselves , please spout less nonsense, 
  if they are stealing credit card info , and iran agrees not to chop any limbs off , why not ? 
  i 'm going to let you ponder how stupid the idea of someone hacking nk is , though, 
  `` it 's your fault that i am idiot ! '', 
   all their media are contemplations of their own decadence , and lamentations of `` why ca n't we do things like in europe '' ... no, 
  borrowing ? 
  we sort of drove a stake through it , and left it in the casket . 
  there is no taking it back . 
  thank the germans for that btw, 
  i thought it was a hacker nickname , like a reddit username , at first, 
  there 's only one solution , then : make ireland great britain again, 
   we are clearly talking about external debt here , how could you possibly not understand that ? 
  and the u.s. external debt is massive . 
  that its dwarfed by the internal debt ( which is still not `` being your own largest debtor '' because its just debt to companies in the country , not credit of the goverment ) . 
   i do n't know if you are just hilariously ignorant , or deliberatly acting dumb . 
  educate yourself , please : http://money.cnn.com/2016/05/10/news/economy/us-debt-ownership/index.html external debt amounts to about 1/3 of the total debt . 
  quite frankly , germany is an afterthought when it comes to american creditors-and that 's putting it mildly . 
  i have no idea why you think otherwise , or why you think the external debt is large enough to matter , but the numbers are there for anyone who cares to look at them . 
  if you really think you have some sort of leverage over us as a creditor , i can only hope that your leaders are not so ignorant . 
   actually , yes . 
  the reason being that we have the world second strongest network of trade relations and have a goverment very adept and capable in helping companies find customers in new places . 
  its what saved our bacon during the financial crisis when many of our markets in the developed world broke away . 
  then ask yourself : why have n't you expanded into those untapped markets already ? 
  you 're working on emotion , not logic , and it 's rather obvious . 
  if there are other customers out there , and if you are so skilled at finding them , you would have done so already-you would not simply wait for a hypothetical trade war . 
   the surplus is mostly irrelevant to the german goverment , it mostly affects large companies that can take the loss pretty easily . 
  you see it that way . 
  i do n't think that they will agree , nor will the many not-so-massive suppliers that rely on those major companies are their sole source of business . 
  i simply can not fathom how an objective person can look at germany , look at the u.s. , and think that germany has less to lose in a trade war than the u.s.
