  for having red hair ? 
  this is a serious civil rights issue . 
  realistically , i do n't think it 's right , but i think the idea of a black person working for a racist idiot or a gay person working for a homophobe is pretty stupid . 
  penalize the bigot , compensate the victim , but let them go their separate ways , because forcing people who hate each other to work together is a pretty poor outcome for everyone . 
   good things about american tourists :  just tip you for no reason at least you realized you were being tipped . 
  i 've seen americans leave a tip at the bar in places like the netherlands over and over , and the bartender or whoever never realizes that it 's for them . 
  they just leave it , and someone else comes along and picks up the money . 
  i 've even explained it to the service staff before , and they were skeptical . 
   i think it 's because of their cards often not having the chips , but they tend to pay cash more often as well , which leads us back to point # 1 but is just nice in general . 
  they have chips . 
  cash is better if you get it from your bank at home do n't have a solid credit card with no foreign transaction fees , or it 's also possible that people do n't know how shit it a deal it is to get cash out overseas . 
  i have , rarely , seen people unable to pay because we do n't use pin # 's on our credit cards , and anyone who has n't set it up before leaving ca n't pay if a merchant 's hardware asks for it . 
  that 's rare though, 
   the french refuse to accept that not everyone speaks or at least understands their language . 
  this is not true at all . 
  idk where it started , but they are easily among the nicest people over there . 
  italians are loud as fuck at home too . 
   suffice to say it was brigades by chinese-american redditors weird assumption to make, 
  i do n't see them bothering to make jokes at your expense . 
  envy away plz, 
   well the fact that the sole picture of amsterdam pride which got upvoted is about america really makes it look like our whole world revolves around them , when it does n't not world , euro . 
  the universe . 
  you can be fired for almost anything . 
  gay people are n't special in that regard, 
  that is n't even a thing ? 
  we 're so fucking great that gay pride parades in the netherlands are about us . 
  envy it , swede, 
  it 's not about who reimposes sanctions and who does n't ; did you even read this article ? 
  the point is that exporters are n't willing to run the risk of doing business there and getting caught up in us sanctions . 
  as for oil , the real killer was that their production collapsed after the sanctions went into effect . 
  it 's hard to say how effectively they could have sold it , because they stopped pumping it . 
  it 's not a good thing for trump to ruin the deal , but he will , and we have to be realistic about what comes next . 
  and if exporters are afraid of us sanctions , that will still keep a great deal of materials out of their hands . 
  yes , but some potential flashpoints are much more foreseeable than others . 
  switzerland could slip into chaos tomorrow , but my money is against it , and i say the odds are low . 
  can you really say the same for morocco ? 
  morocco , quite frankly , looks a lot like tunisia did before its uprising , with extra element of ethnic tensions in certain places thrown in . 
  i loved the time i spent there and all , but i really do n't know if i 'd consider it as stable as you seem to think . 
  it really is n't - rebels are just as sympathetic ; depends on who they 're fighting , and who they are . 
  the problem was never selling the idea-obama probably could have managed that much , if he wanted to put the political capital into doing so ( i say probably because i really do n't know ) . it was explaining why you did so after bad shit done by those weapons occurred . 
  i mean , the us just ended the program to arm syrian rebels , and no one here cares . 
  most are either neutral , or happy . 
  it was n't working , the rebels were ineffective and untrustworthy , and people do n't want those weapons used against us or our friends . 
  it 's hard to imagine really whipping up support for such a program in ukraine right now . 
  it 's not that the banks power the economy , it 's that they are ( or were ) favored as places to hide money to avoid taxes due to `` secrecy laws , '' which naturally appealed to the wealthiest . 
  you can doubt what you like . 
  this is the same place that loaded up the afghans with weapons against the soviets-nukes do n't scare people with just as many nukes in this situation . 
  and i am quite certain that i know the public mood here in the 2014-2016 period better than you on this front . 
  the divergence on him was unusual though . 
  make-believe and what-ifs are the usual ways it 's off-base ; it 's not usually so wrong about something, 
  you 're an idiot , you realize that ? 
  preparing to attack russia ? 
  what are they putting in the water over in slovakia ? 
  regardless , you 'd best just agree in that scenario , because would stop being and polite and just waltz in as we please if you feed us that unbelievable line of bullshit, 
  but i have , in germany . 
  not my favorite, 
  you did not invent the internet . 
  you did not build the hadron collider . 
  that 's like a japanese person claiming to have built the iss . 
  still a surprising list . 
  much of it is old , though , which explains the confusion at seeing switzerland at the top of a 2017 list . 
  you realize cern is one research facility , right ? 
  that 's the point . 
  i find it hard to believe that switzerland is a massive innovation powerhouse with such poor attribution capacity . 
  everyone else on the list has a basis for being there that everyone recognizes , but switzerland ? 
  more like skepticism . 
  switzerland simply is n't known as an innovator , and i remain skeptical . 
   denmark is quite close to russia , you know . 
  technically , though let 's be honest : they are not nearly as interested in you as they are in your neighbors . 
   russia was very sensitive about ukraine . 
  ukraine had a big part of its population that preferred closer contact to russia . 
  now russia has destabilized ukraine , but the eu out manuevered them and ukraine is continuing the accession talks . 
  that fails to explain what gain russia saw in all this , that it did n't have before , that is has gained now , through its intervention . 
  i still see none , and i see little chance that ukraine would ever actually qualify to join the eu , either . 
  ukraine is a corrupt-wracked mess . 
  it 's a victim of russia , but is also its own clusterfuck . 
  they ca n't even keep their own forces supplied properly due to all fuckery ; why should anyone think that it would be different with anything we give them ? 
  the russians could n't even keep their pets ( or own soldiers , whichever it was ) from shooting down mh370 . 
  everyone is crowing about it now , but just imagine how things would look if something similar had happened with a us-supplied weapon, 
  umm ... the person i responded to literally said that this was used as a tactic by the soviets to stage a surprise intervention . 
  so yes , we are the difference is that we do n't need the slovak military rolling through wisconsin . 
  if we did , i do n't think we 'd care , or be nearly as butt hurt over tiny shit like this as you appear to be, 
  i am not . 
  they sold their oil anyway-their issue was getting people to invest in developing their fields . 
  and the rest , as i said , will remain out of reach if the uncertainty over us sanctions keeps people from taking the plunge in iran . 
  whether anyone thinks it 's good or not , that seems to be the outcome hinted at . 
  you really miss the point of inspections , too . 
  are they good ? 
  yes . 
  are they going to reveal clandestine activity ? 
  but they never were-that was espionage 's job with or without the nuclear deal . 
  ceasing these is just a physical embodiment of the breakdown of the deal . 
  what , are they north korea too ? 
  why is the world 's top innovator so secretive about all of its innovations ? 
  they cooking up enough new drugs to be the no . 
  1 innovator in the world ? 
  tiny , mountainous , rich-person-bank switzerland ? 
  swiss cheese ... i 'd rather forget tbh, 
  i can respect that, 
  yea , but much this sub was on his nuts hard .
