  doing the one thing you 'd have to do to undermine your values does n't seem very principled . 
  you 'd be wiser to ask yourself what macron wants , or thinks he can get , from trump . 
  that is a mystery, 
  mostly just vw and siemens in the news , from what i 've seen, 
  well , retroactive tax bills are sort of putin-esque ... but that still has nothing to do with my broader point . 
  except maybe helping me demonstrate it about the sense of superiority, 
  you being under the impression that anyone would here would buy diesel-shitwagon from vw , of course . 
  you can say that letting them work is the norm is europe . 
  again , though , that is a tiny portion of the world 's refugee population-even including germany . 
  we let them work too , and most of them come from latin america , but we are outliers still . 
  and i doubt very much that many here would agree that the convention ties our hands , if we decide to act differently . 
  you do n't have to like that you 're the only ones that view the convention as truly binding , but it 's kind of foolish to deny it . 
  do you really think jordan and turkey , or pakistan , see it that way ? 
  it 's not about moving goalposts-it 's about you not seeing past hyperbole . 
  even we let them work-obviously it 's not universal-but it is the overwhelmingly dominant practice , especially in places that actually host refugees . 
  moreover , europe is likely only place to take such a view on the convention , and it 's certainly true that most refugees live somewhere that does n't . 
  ... about those natives ... 
  the french president complaining about a gop healthcare bill might be the only thing on earth that could get it through congress . 
  because russian weapons ca n't be integrated into nato systems , and there is reason to think the turks would share every scrap of nato-related material and intelligence with anyone who wants it . 
  they already need to be punished for leaking the positions of american forces in iraq-their own perception of their abilities and importance has gone off the deep-end . 
  turkey can huff and puff , but anyone paying attention can see that they ca n't be trusted . 
  they 'll wind up isolated , with a russia happy they are no longer a real nato member and everyone else not iran and syria turning against them . 
  japan 's remilitarization and saudi arabia 's proxy war with iran are not bets on american decline-one has been an american request for ages , and the other is an extension of american policy . 
  for someone who does n't care about it , you were eager to bring it up in the first place . 
  you being wrong does n't change that, 
  is it ? 
  not having any refugees and saying you do nice things is different from actually having them and acting on it . 
  good on the dutch for letting their handful of refugees work , but the fact is that the work provisions refugee convention is widely ignored by the countries that actually host lots of refugees . 
  it is hardly the compulsory force you present as , which is the actual point i made previously, 
   also , russia desperately needs sebastapol 's port , without it it 's economy would collapse . 
  this port was given to russia on a 10 years lease by ukraine , but , with the coup and a new government hostile to russia , things could have changed . 
  if that logic satisfies you , then i am glad you have no decision-making authority or influence on the same . 
   and people have the balls to blame italy or say that italy should be doing more , while not lifting a single finger . 
  you mean cheerleading for more , and demanding that you do everything , does n't count as lifting a finger ? 
  netherlands is a pretty small place-the norm remains to not allow them to work . 
  the countries that actually host lots of refugees do n't , and this list does not include the netherlands . 
  not a chance-they would n't agree to the senate version and then turn around and take an awkward procedural vote like that . 
  there wo n't be any more delaying tactics at this point . 
  besides , the 10 days wo n't matter until sometime in mid august-no way will they move so slowly after failing so hard at everything else recently, 
  idk . 
  he wants to have the option at least , but he ca n't be trusted with it . 
  he did end the arming of anti-assad rebels , and he proposed that ridiculous working group with russia about cyber security . 
  and got nothing in return . 
  he has some weird infatuation with them , and this bill was designed to constrain him giving away anything else for free . 
  it 's not an unwarranted worry , except for how terrible an idea it would be, 
  more examples . 
  fun fact for you , though : cars here rarely run on diesel . 
  we stopped using it because it is very dirty . 
  the chance that someone here other than an industrial interest bought a diesel vehicle from vw or anyone else is somewhere around 0, 
  see previous response, 
  i would add that if even one chamber is in session , the pocket veto is n't possible . 
  someone else asked about that , and i do n't think i added it here, 
   the problem that i see with the trump administration killing this bill by waiting until recess is that congressmen ( more importantly , republican congressmen ) will see it as trump undermining them and their institutional power as members of congress ( and by proxy , undermining the republican party ) . 
  as i commented elsewhere : he ca n't let it die by waiting for recess , because the senate will be in session through late august . 
  doing nothing = it becomes law within roughly 10 days, 
   it 's been postponed for the senate , not for the house . 
  does n't matter . 
  unless both are in adjourned , congress is n't adjourned for the purposes of a pocket veto . 
  some old scotus case whose name i ca n't remember answered this question ages ago, 
   strangely the american hardly fine their own companies . 
  more false superiority bullshit . 
  fines are literally the only thing the government does to companies , and they are fined by state and fed agencies all the time . 
  this attitude is why germans are developing a bad reputation, 
   my point is that americans in this thread act like germans are supportive of what shady stuff the companies in their country do . 
  no , most are just tired of the whiny hypocrisy and false sense of superiority . 
  no one knows or cares how you view vw or whoever else 's shadiness, 
  this has nothing to do with fining companies ( which the banks were , btw , and which is a weak punishment no matter who doles it out ) . 
  the point is that everyone has problems like this , but only a few think themselves above such things . 
  what the refugee convention says and what countries do diverge on a regular basis, 
  outdated-it 's been postponed due to the nonsense with the healthcare bill . 
  i wondered when i saw this headline how the fed government could cut local spending . 
  recess is n't until late august . 
  he does n't have enough time for that . 
  too much embarrassment for him : looking creepily close to and weak on russia , and getting his veto overridden in an overwhelming bipartisan vote . 
  wo n't happen, 
  translation : `` but muh pipeline ! '', 
  they get fined all the time-this is a great example of what i 'm talking about with regards to faux superiority complexes . 
  as for gm , these allegations just came out a few months ago , and gm has already been sued . 
  unlike vw , which cheated so blatantly that they literally kept paper records about top executives discussed it ( and to the point where vw admitted it cheated ) , it 's not as clear in gm 's case . 
  when one decides that the other should not exist and act accordingly , comparisons will become appropriate, 
  right ? 
  do people think refugees are allowed to work ? 
  i doubt there 's a nation on earth that allows them to . 
  they do not kiss and make up when one tries to kill the other . 
  whatever goodwill existed , russia destroyed . 
  germany and austria do not hate each other . 
   just because some anglo-saxon media outlets push some hype articles about germany does n't mean that this is our self-perception . 
  idk what exactly comprises the `` anglo-saxon '' media to you , but i do know that people here do n't watch/read uk and canadian news , and there is n't any `` hype '' about germany in the media except for comparisons between merkel and trump . 
  these perceptions do not come from the media, 
  i rest my case, 
  we can criticize anyone for anything-it 's not hard . 
  but they are bitter enemies . 
  brotherly implies closeness and friendship bordering on familial . 
  germany and austria , yes . 
  ukraine and russia ? 
  no one here pretends like it does n't exist , or acts like it 's better here than elsewhere . 
  key difference , since it escaped your notice, 
  short of trump himself , this is as official as a statement gets . 
  switzerland is neutral because the world lets them be neutral , you mean, 
  corporate corruption only happens in other places where the lesser beings live , do n't you know,
