   average american understands the electoral college & president 's office  they do n't seem to , though . 
  and even previously i would n't really say that too confidently . 
  people get the ec , but president 's role ? 
  not really, 
   like any one of us on either side of the atlantic has contributed so largely to gdp that they could claim it as their own achievement speak for yourself-i personally make all the good shit happen on both sides of the atlantic, 
  i know-just replying to you since quoted the guy . 
  i ca n't imagine how he could think that , or why he would use it as an analogy . 
  why we he think that it appeals to people ? 
  makes no sense, 
   see ? 
  you 're the problem . 
  i merely bring up the fact that this vast and unprecedented sociological change happened and you attack me as though i 've been advocating burning witches . 
  no , you 're full of shit , and i mocked you as such . 
  you 're just a hack that 's representing opinions challenging the traditional norms as some sort of moral decline , which is exactly what he did-however respectable he was a person and whatever else he accomplished in lift . 
  you push an absurd narrative , you should expect to be called absurd . 
  join hands with papa putin and return us to the 1600 's then , where traditional authority is beyond reproach . 
  better yet , fuck off to a place that already does , and leave us post-enlightenment humans out of it, 
  in no way , shape , or form does estonia resemble post-war germany or japan . 
  that 's complete nonsense . 
  there 's only two real options for a place in estonia 's position : the west , or a russian bear hug , and the only people affected by the decision are the estonians themselves . 
  so let them do whatever they want , and let the rest of us continue doing what we are going to do anyway . 
  we do n't need the president to rage about something for us, 
  a child born to a drug-addicted prostitute is better off almost anywhere than with it 's birth mother , black or white . 
  racial discrimination is honestly way down the list of problems that they will face in life, 
  when you 've got bloody military blockades , you know that shit is serious haha for real , though , travel advisories for europe are a waste anyways . 
  no one thinking of going there is even going to bother checking travel advisories , because why ? 
  we 're not talking baghdad here, 
  ca n't imagine anything they 'd want to see outside downtown/midtown/buckhead anyway . 
  right about downtown , though i ca n't really say tourists are the biggest targets . 
  it still amazes me that georgia tech can draw so many wealthy international students despite being surrounded by some serious fucking ghetto, 
  canadian customs officers are surprisingly dickish . 
  i do n't know if they are more strict about minor criminal offense or not , but it 's not just a matter `` sign here and welcome to canada , eh ? '', 
  anericans do n't really deal with u.s. customs , so none of us really know if they 're exceptionally rude or not . 
  just sign the paper declaring what you brought in , and enter-that 's about it for us, 
  the speech is just a long diatribe on how western ideals and tolerance lead to moral decay in practice . 
  standard nonsense, 
   sure , but canada is not going to go to great lengths to prove that it deserves respect . 
  americans would rage more loudly and more often at whoever insulted you than canadians ever would anyways, 
   how would you describe thriving ? 
  it 's fastest growing religion in the world , it will become majority religion in most european countries if the fabled reversal of trends does n't happen , it 's spreading everywhere and doing very well for itself . 
  it 's thriving in some of the worst places on earth , though . 
  i think the whole premise of traits that make a culture dominant is stupid to begin with , but you can count the number muslim-majority nations that are not raging shitholes on two hands , and probably on one if we 're honest with ourselves . 
  that ca n't seriously count as thriving, 
   it is because we won in ww2 and regime stayed proving itself somewhat successful . 
  you mean cutting deals with hitler to carve up europe only to be backstabbed by hitler , costing millions and millions of russian lives as he caught stalin with his pants down ? 
  i guess that counts as proof of success, 
  just going to make it cheaper for me to visit . 
  the euro is almost at parity with the dollar , and the pound is weak too-never a better time imo, 
   i thought parts of america revered paula deen as jesus ? 
  i grew up in the paula deen 's hometown , and my mom went to school with her . 
  the further away you get , the more she 's revered . 
  she 's just a racist old con artist to us, 
   bronchiolitis obliterans may be caused by inhalation of airborne diacetyl , a chemical used to produce the ** artificial butter flavoring in many foods such as candy and microwave popcorn and occurring naturally in wines . 
  ** in other words ... what you wrote is wrong per the wikipedia page you listed , and i will chug that butteryish goodness at the theaters now until the day i die, 
  i assure you that was not the case back in late 2015 , at least not in atlanta , ga, 
  https://www.forbes.com/sites/paulroderickgregory/2015/08/25/kremlin-censors-rush-to-erase-inadvertent-release-of-russian-casualties-in-east-ukraine/#ded4bbb9c584 supposedly , the russians mistakenly made casualty figures public for short period of time . 
  quite a bit higher than those reported in op 's link, 
  wait times are bullshit imo ; i 'd rather have something fast than literally wait a few months to get it , especially when it comes to a car . 
  my point is that their biggest weakness is not being able to make enough , which is a pretty big problem with no quick or easy fix, 
  a german with a sense of humor-i do n't if i 'm more surprised or worried, 
   tesla is highly overrated , the stock is highly inflated and the number of sold car \u00b4 s are few in numbers . 
  their sales are skyrocketing . 
  their real problem is they ca n't make enough to meed demand . 
  there 's a huge waiting list to get one ( which i do n't understand-who can wait on a car that they need ? ), 
  i looked at getting one last year , and was told there would be a 3 month wait at minimum . 
  so i got something else , naturally, 
   turn it around and you have a story of an intergalactic dominion being sabotaged by murderers and smugglers . 
  you mean the republic that the imperial founders drug into a war that said founders started in order to undermine the republic itself and ultimately destroy it ? 
  the insurgents are the dominion that was sabotaged by murderers and smugglers ... 
  atlanta . 
  never heard of it , but am not a big liquor drinker . 
  sensing a theme in the imports though, 
   i 'm kind of surprised that the soviet union not existing invalidates their achievements to you . 
  what gives you this idea ? 
   soviets objectively won the competition of putting something in orbit , and then putting a human in orbit first . 
  yes , and if they we had given up after they did , they would have won at either point . 
   dismissing these facts is just like dismissing the fact that ancient rome gave us masonry just because the roman empire does n't exist any more . 
  it really is n't . 
  two nations raced ; one threw in the towel ; the other won . 
  no parallels . 
   there really are no losers in the space race , humanity wins as a whole ( see how iss operates these days , for example ) . 
  humanity benefited . 
  i get that everyone else sees a steady march to progress , but that 's not what russians and americans saw : it was a two-team competition , and one team won that particular contest . 
  the soviets never got to the moon , and basically stopped trying to after we got there first , and that 's why they lost : they stopped trying to win . 
   oh my god yes !, 
  another case where i ca n't find the source , but was n't there some campaign going on with all kinds of people going `` my culture is not a costume '' , with a fat white girl with freckles holding up a picture of a native american ? 
  probably-that was some campaign over costumes that people thought were racist . 
  ca n't remember all of it , but i know that wal mart and some other stores were selling hilariously racist costumes of arabs . 
  they would have been funny in a satire piece or something . 
  also in response to a few dumb frat boys wearing blackface . 
  i 'm sure people complained about native american costumes too . 
  they should prioritize their fights , though-we have an american football team that is literally named the `` redskins . '', 
  that 's got be at the top of any agenda on the racism topic, 
   how would you know that ? 
  you could have irish ( grand ) parents if you say you are irish while your flair is something different . 
  it 's as you say , nobody can know . 
  ... because i 've lived here for the better part of my entire life ? 
  it may confuse everyone else , but there is no confusion over here about what means when someone says that they are irish , or german , or whatever . 
  the biggest marker of literally being an irishman or whatever here would be an accent and/or fluency in the language spoken where you 're claiming to be from . 
   not saying there is or should be an inquisition , but i highly doubt that everyone also just swallows it as truth .
