  no one here knows or care how old his wife is, 
  idk how it works where you 're from , but that 's a really weird thing to tell a lady that you 're not married to , while her husband and your wife are standing right there . 
  and that 's setting aside the fact that he 's there as head of state . 
  it 's classless and weird, 
  sad part : slate is a nyt publication ( pretty sure ) i admit , this is not their finest piece, 
   the italian tornado 's will slowly be withdrawn tornadoes , not tornado 's, 
   russian always were getting much more per 1 dollar or 1 euro . 
  people love to say this , but that assumes that russia does n't waste so much on corruption and such to actually get that benefit . 
  that 's a major assumption, 
   calling nato `` the heirs of hitler '' is therefore nonsensical . 
  not nato-just germany . 
  i mean , kind of hard to call canada an inheritor haha . 
  no one thinks that hitler is popular in germany-just that , logically , they 'd be the inheritors by default . 
  same for russia-even if they hated stalin , he 'd still be their historical albatross, 
  i do n't think it 's a bad thing . 
  personally , i think france and the u.s. have much more in common on the foreign policy and apparently domestic front than most seem to realize , and that macron is a natural candidate to take advantage of that . 
   there is very little need to discredit a largely meaningless poll like that . 
  the question is so vague and we have literally no idea about where was polled in the first place , that it does n't actually say much of anything . 
  large meaningless poll ? 
  this is a poll conducted by pew , designed to gauge willingness to act as the question states . 
  there is no need for more specificity ; either you are , or are not , willing to act in this scenario . 
  is there some scenario in which it 's ok to defend a member under attack by russia ? 
  the very idea that you seem to think so is more fuel for skeptics-not something anyone is going to look at and disregard . 
   that makes little sense . 
  the practical reality is that in case of actual threat people would be more willing to have military force deployed , not less . 
  we have even seen that happen after the ukraine invasion . 
  that 's an assumption that may or may not be true-especially ( in part ) since you 've already suggested that the response on depends on who needs the defense . 
   of course people also seem to forget that when you make the distinction of nato country , you might think of ee to defend there . 
  but most people do n't . 
  most people would think of the us or turkey , because otherwise they 'd think of the eu , not nato , as the defining treaty for mutual support ( which i might remind you has article 42 ` actually ' require mutual military assistance ) this is not a credible claim . 
  i doubt very much that most , of even many , people seriously contemplated russia attacking the u.s. , or a budding partner like turkey . 
  you 'd have a hard time finding people that believe such a thing would ever happen . 
  this context clearly refers to the only subset of nato members who could conceivably be attacked by russia , which are in eastern europe . 
   most nations could n't really afford much more , its not like most nato members have huge militaries to begin with . 
  that 's beside the point . 
  the point is that afghanistan is not predictive or indicative of any response to the posited hypothetical in the future , regardless of why . 
   but , the countries of the european union have to solve this problem together . 
  does n't seem like many like the proposed solutions , or that they want to handle them through the eu . 
   but , indeed , what french people expected from him ? 
  this sub has been on macron 's nuts ever since he beat the crazy lady , but from what i heard in paris the french themselves did not share the optimism . 
  they 're more like us , honestly : despising every person and thing in politics . 
  pretty amazing, 
   from my observation with posting such threads : threads that contain keywords like `` migrant '' or `` refugee '' have to be individually approved by the mods . 
  seems like a good policy , really . 
  there 's a is a lot of garbage out there on this topic-no one could police it without such a system, 
   what particular group ( s ) of people would agree with this statement ? 
  i did n't get what you were asking at first . 
  right-wing americans are ardently supportive of israel , for various not-very-good reasons . 
  the basic problem with the ones who are n't religious nuts is that they see israel `` helping '' with certain problems in the region and helping us maintain influence there , and fail to see the fact that israel creates and exacerbates those same problems , thatand the unfair treatment that it receives ( and bullshit things that it does ) stokes anti-american sentiment immensely , in the region and abroad . 
   a lost plane , which was shot down in foreign airspace , when the state is in the state of total war sounds kind of irrelevant . 
  that 's assuming that everyone just accepts this explanation . 
  i doubt very much that people would have simply accepted this , had they known more about it . 
  the reality is that `` we 're protecting our neutrality '' in switzerland 's case was really `` we are putting on a front to do our best stay out of it , and praying to every god we can think of that we wo n't face retribution for doing so . '', 
   and in finland the during ww2 all major elections were stopped due to war ; 10 % + ( 530 000 of ~ 4 million ) of population in the front makes democracy hard to function . 
  elections have never been frozen here . 
  never thought about that being a thing that could happen . 
  idk-i just know that the copenhagen pass gets you in , but not onto any rides . 
  he has that luxury . 
  trump 's distaste is for germany , not france . 
  it 's an easy thing for macron to do, 
  what are the proposed changes ? 
  been to tivoli . 
  very scenic , but paying for each individual ride after paying to get in is just something i could n't get on board with, 
  were they though ? 
  stalin 100 % was not russian , no matter what you consider him to be , yet he is celebrated there as great russian leader . 
  russia is the successor state to the su , though , so he was as much a russian leader as any soviet ruler was . 
  the fact that it was less urgent is exactly why the disparity is concerning . 
  let 's be honest : most nations contributed a token force to the safest areas of a conflict who 's initial success was never in doubt , and that even at its most dangerous presented minimal threat to any foreign forces . 
  it 's simply not something you use to discredit poling results like this, 
  you say that as if it 's actually a surprising development, 
  it does n't matter if they 're loyal to both-few jews in the us support the direction israel is headed in . 
  they 're not agitating to destroy a two-state solution ; they want to save it, 
  i mean ... you ca n't disclaim hitler . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  stalin was georgian , but russia ca n't disown him ( even if they wanted to ) ; so it is with hitler . 
  as for the german-descendants here ... they fought against hitler , which is a key difference between them and their lost brethren in germany . 
  makes it hard for them to claim the mantle, 
  it 's not defensiveness-it 's weariness at hearing the tiresome hypocrisy from germans . 
  and there is some serious willful blindness on your part if you think that keeping assad in power helped you , or that ukraine is not an issue for you . 
  that you view the problems of other eu members , and the causes of the same , as separate from yourself says a lot about the buy-in on germany 's part . 
  it 's no wonder they trust us over you . 
  and it 's that alignment with russia 's way of seeing things that is driving a wedge between you and the rest of the eu , among other things . 
  as for saudi arabia ... that is a complicated matter . 
  fact is , the government is the best of many bad options . 
  the government is the moderating force in that country ; the people are not yearning for less radicalism and more progressive governance-they want more insanity . 
  and the government , for all its flaws , is the only thing keeping that from becoming a reality . 
  the world , us included , hates the place , but we have to deal . 
  in no way is this the same as you , a founding member of the eu , selling out your fellow members for a few euros . 
  as for `` not having a choice '' about nato ... you can leave , you force is forces out , or do anything really . 
  you did n't . 
  you 're not a victim . 
  you are frankly lucky that the us twisted arms to allow your reunification in the first place-a move which would never have happened without you playing the role that you currently do . 
  i mean , germany is in nato , so ... 
  that is not the american experience-wars both start and proceed in accordance with public opinion . 
  ignoring demands leads to losing elections . 
  people likely did n't know about it back then , so no one complained . 
  maybe in croatia . 
  that particular brand of weirdness is n't a concern here , though-blind irreverence to israel . 
  at least , jews = israel is n't a thing here . 
  most here dislike the direction israel 's going in,
