  the heavy hitters ( us , france . 
  britain ) do n't need help defending themselves from anything . 
  nato 's main purpose now is securing the periphery of nato/eu from doing , basically , what hungary is doing and what poland seems to want to do . 
  no one should kid themselves about the viability of the eu in the east without nato backing , or that russian influence would explode there without nato, 
   turkey 's value to nato is unchanged since it and greece joined in 1952 . 
  it 's in a valuable position , tactically , in any armed conflict with russia . 
  i do not see any moves by nato to drop turkey unless the political situation makes big changes , in which case turkey will drop out on its own before then . 
  it 's value is less precisely because russia is a shadow of the soviet union . 
  turkey is an extraneous embarrassment at this point . 
   the goal of nato will be to pick up ukraine before that happens . 
  you are dreaming . 
  as shit as russia 's actions there were and are , ukraine verged on being a failed state even before russia invaded . 
  ukraine will never become a part of nato until it makes dramatic ( and i mean dramatic ) progress on the governance front . 
  silly brit-you applied basic logic to how our `` elections '' work . 
  that was your first mistake . 
  trump `` won '' with 46 % of the vote ; clinton lost with 48 % . 
  somehow , the proportion of votes cast wound up with the result  trump won 306-232 and that voodoo democracy is how you get republicans in control of congress and the presidency despite getting way fewer votes than the democrats overall, 
   not sure if this is a good usage of the collective singular , or just a typo . 
  i promise you that it is n't good usage of a collective singular , regardless of whether it 's a typo or not, 
  just because you 're always looking to take it over does n't mean we share the same level of interest in it, 
  does n't surprise me . 
  anything in between germany and russia , you can forget people here knowing much about, 
  right ? 
  just think about it for two seconds , and it 's pretty obvious . 
  they all knew where france , italy , and spain were . 
  germany 's had quite a good time invading france at various points in time . 
  the germans had to get there somehow , and since every direction but east is covered geographically , process of elimination alone should tell them where germany is . 
  honestly , that 's how i remember where belgium is : a german shortcut around the maginot line that is n't the netherlands, 
  idk what to think about that . 
  uk/britain/england are all used interchangeably here to refer to the british isles , and it 's not a mystery where it 's located . 
  even here , people would be laughed at if they could n't pin down where britain is . 
  my cousin 's 4yr old could do that correctly, 
  eu iv is the only reason that i could label anything east of germany and italy over to turkey and russia, 
   ut specialy states in the middle are for me mixed up . 
  no shame in that , i do n't need to know it . 
  no one needs to know those states . 
  and they get very salty when we point that out, 
  for real . 
  i mean , i promise you that mississippi is indeed a shithole , but claiming that shittiest part of indonesia is a better place to be than the shittiest part of mississippi reveals more about the claimant than anything else, 
  numerous u.s. states have such a process and requirement , but the supermajority refers to those who voted-not of overall voters . 
   i might be manipulated by media , but to me they seem to have a much larger influence than their voting share reveals ? 
  have you seen israel 's policies ? 
  do you really think that the `` media '' is manipulating you ? 
  the results speak for themselves with respect to the influence of the religious right in israel, 
  that 's a lot of snow for ... any time at all . 
  but it 's really a lot for april 16th . 
  damn, 
   if it 's any consolidation , it 's about government i 'll tell you straight-up : it 's not . 
  most people in the u.s. would consider germany a friend , but if the fact that germans viewed us somewhere down there with russia in terms of trustworthy was publicized here , you 'd probably move from `` nation we want and like to associate with '' to `` one we grit our teeth and deal with solely for the advantages of doing so . '', 
  there are plenty of examples of the latter in the world , and it probably would n't affect how things shake out in the real world at all , but it would be a pretty significant shift in mindset, 
  ca n't say that keeping outlets away from the sink and shower is a bad idea . 
  movies where people electrocute themselves in the bathtub must not make much sense to y' all , in light of this fact . 
  the awkward extension cords you 'd need would really kill the drama, 
   so if germans believe that america is such a source of evil in the world why do they want to be allied to begin with ? 
  makes you wonder . 
   e : holding an american passport does n't make you american , holding an american passport is pretty much the definition of being an american . 
   i know many friends with american citizenships yet they consider themselves irish . 
  you ca n't be two nationalities at once . 
  you most certainly can be two nationalities at once . 
  people do it all the time, 
   what happens with russian tactics like in georgia and ukraine , where the issues are considered `` internal '' . 
  ( this could happen in szekelyland , romania , but with the eu there 's no reason for it to happen ) the only countries that consider either one of those conflicts `` internal '' are russia and its erstwhile friends . 
  russia would n't risk such a dangerous move in a nato country . 
  any way you cut it , they lose : retreat , defeat , or nuclear exchange . 
  not going to happen, 
  thus why i said not a good solution . 
   all those nations in asia which are under americas defensive and foreign policy umbrella are so because they dont want to be crushed by chinas dominance in the region . 
  however , if the us allows south korea and possibly parts of japan to be destroyed ( nuked ) to force a north korean solution without north korea having been the one to attack first ... ... well lets just say it wont even take a week until every other former ally in the region has crossed over to china . 
  it would totally destroy the us foreign policy work of decades for nothing . 
  if north korea actually develops the ability to deliver a nuke onto japanese cities , you will see nuclear proliferation on a massive scale in asia-japan and south korea at minimum . 
  china will enlarge their own rather small stockpile . 
  countries wary of china will start to develop their own as an insurance policy as well . 
  there 's a lot more at stake than people generally realize . 
   what happens when two nato members attack each other the aggressor fights the rest of nato , and is then expelled from nato . 
  at minimum . 
   nato and warsaw pact need an external enemy for member countries to think there 's a reason they 're in it . 
  the warsaw pact needed no such thing ; membership was optional in the same way that people `` choose '' to vote for kim jong un . 
   no it has n't , there are many countries in the eu but that are out of nato such as finland , austria , ireland , sweden etc yet war with those countries seems just as ridiculous as ones in it . 
  that 's a bit disingenuous , as none of those powerhouses were the instigators in the decades leading up to wwii . 
  austria lost all it 's bite after wwi , and the rest had n't been involved in an offensive war in quite some time . 
  i mean , there is a reason that some did n't feel the need to join nato in the first place , and it was n't a recent history of cyclical wars . 
  the fact that the warmongers in europe joined and then the fighting stopped is more telling than any examples that the peaceniks provide, 
   there 's no indication that the us has a solution for the fact that the north could easily flatten seoul . 
  well , there is a solution , it 's just not a good one : let seoul get flattened and do what we want to north korea . 
  north korea is the equivalent of a guy robbing a bank with a suicide vest on , threatening to kill all the hostages if he is n't given all the money in the vault . 
  shooting the idiot and sacrificing the hostages in order to avoid another hostage taker is one option , i suppose . 
  it 's what the russians do, 
  plot twist : recorded history only began two years ago, 
   in the uk at least it 's illegal to have a light switch or a power outlet in the bathroom , wut, 
  many of these are n't are about beating the bible-restricting sales during the wee hours is more about keeping drunks lower in number than bibles ( like north carolina ) , or about bars and restaurants and shit lobbying for a monopoly on serving drunks during the off-hours . 
  others though ... 100 % about it . 
  freedom is n't bomb-free , i 'm afraid, 
  electoral success and approval ratings do n't always move together . 
  they could just hate his opponents more . 
  spoken from experience here, 
  just say the word , ireland , and we can send a healthy dose of freedom your way and correct this injustice . 
  putting it politely , that 's nonsense . 
  the democrats and republicans more or less switched stances in the 60 's , during the civil rights movement . 
  there are no third wheels ; the former democrats migrated to the republicans ( including almost all of the former confederate states ) and the democrats got much of the rest . 
  what would they even disagree with the rest of the republican party about ?
