  it takes many, 
  there 's only one neighbor that would care . 
  assuming you actually border russia in any meaningful way , which i 'm not actually sure of, 
  and they can have full autonomy fixing their own mess . 
  it 's a win for ukraine, 
  fuck that then . 
  copenhagen is the most expensive place i 've ever seen by a wide margin . 
  it hurt me on a spiritual level to buy stuff there , even if it was the place that most reminded of home in many ways . 
  liked it a lot though , despite the cost . 
  just did n't see it coming, 
  almost seems like deliberately-sabotaged items would be just as effective . 
  `` oh , sorry , did your sanction-violating turbines not work ? 
  tragic '', 
  russia has to pick enemies that it can actually threaten , as opposed to tip-toeing around nato states or bending over backwards to avoid a clash in syria . 
  sweden just fits the bill , really, 
  photoshop city . 
  the water in venice does not look like ocean water off the coast of the bahamas . 
  no need to doctor it-the shot is fantastic by itself, 
  you can make the snarky points you like-the point remains valid : they want to draw a line now , rather than let germany keep moving the goal posts on them over and over later on . 
  the only thing that guy has in common with morpheus is that they 're both black . 
  and morpheus ai n't any where as black as that guy, 
  australia , obvs . 
  more expensive than copenhagen ? 
  no thanks, 
   i 'm kinda amazed at german public opinion . 
  like , i do n't expect them to find trump or may ever in a positive light . 
  but on par with putin ? 
  with friends like these ... 
  they are not . 
  there is no difference between the two , beyond the superficial . 
  they are follow the trump line right down to the fox news talking points, 
  they are just rude , using italian or no , if you visit the islands themselves . 
  they will even pretend not to speak italian . 
  anyone who has visited the place is going to know that what you wrote is n't true , so there 's no point pretending otherwise . 
  the best advice is to go somewhere else in italy , if one really feels the urge to go there, 
  honestly , telling people to go where the locals are in venice is probably bad advice . 
  you 're better off avoiding them entirely , as they despise tourists and are pretty open about it, 
  ukraine should give donbass independence by force-make it russia 's problem by default . 
  russia may not want it , but its clearly a trojan horse that the rest of ukraine would be better off without . 
  let someone rebuild it and babysit the problems that live there, 
  ... that 's just part of the `` stuff is small here just because '' deal they have going on . 
  tiny cups of coffee are by no means uniquely italian, 
  the an-bev game here is to squeeze distributors , trying to get them to not carry craft labels not already acquired by an-bev . 
  it 's a major issue , and it 's part of the reason that an-bev has acquired so many good craft breweries in the past few years, 
   because of soros , every protest anywhere in this world will be treated as an instability fuss backed by his money . 
  the very act of protesting has been compromised by this hideous geezer & the ngos he supports . 
  let that sink in . 
  yea , i 'm sure that 's why . 
  no other reason at all, 
   americans should be really really quiet when it comes to corporate corruption . 
  silly world-how could everyone else not know that germans have evolved above such petty things as greed ? 
  nary a flaw in the master race anymore . 
  most who float over claim that they are syrian , for what should be obvious reasons . 
  people fleeing war do just that : flee war . 
  they do n't go shopping for the best to land, 
  if the west really did play that game , you and your russian friends would be much less happy about the game than you are right now . 
   tell that to someone in india . 
  it wo n't stop them from reproducing . 
  the kabuki man in the sky is a hard thing to reason with . 
  many religions actively encourage people to breed like mad . 
  idk if hinduism is among them , but it would not surprise me if so, 
   the problem with the article is - yet again ( !! ), 
  - that it fails to understand that national policies are being made based on national interests and circumstances . 
   i do n't see why that would be a bad thing ... unless of course you refer to the orange kid 's boner for `` fair '' ( where `` fair = the orange kid profits personally '' ) . 
   if you were half as powerful as the u.s. , you would probably want something similar . 
  i do n't think his approach and demeanor is productive , but trying to get the best deal possible ( in theory ) is a pretty uncontroversial proposition . 
  the hypocrisy from germany is just souring me on the place , really, 
  good luck investing money wisely into somalia and the congo, 
  they wo n't be open-just swept under the rug , like that bizarre sex-abuse scandal in britain a few years back, 
  which is all fine , but you need to stop acting like you 're the equivalent of jesus hanging from a crucifix when others decide to reverse course and do the same . 
  i do n't think the sub-saharans wading their way over to italy are running from anything we did . 
  if anything , the euros who worked so relentlessly to fuck up africa probably should own and help the people that they screwed over once upon a time, 
   and we should start a marshallplan for africa really fucking soon . 
  money alone will not fix the problems that colonial powers created in africa . 
   what they going to do , send in the echr police ? 
  a very american sentiment . 
  or maybe it 's a british sentiment that carried over to us . 
  either way , i approve, 
  underrated comment . 
   ou 're talking about a situation where the majority does n't think there is a problem that needs to be solved or at least managed to be low impact . 
  no-i 'm talking about the fact that , if ee/ce simply agreed to the deal without complaint ( as someone pitched as `` strategy '' ) , they would then get shit from germany and friends for not taking more and for not doing enough to keep them in place ( bad faith and so forth ) . 
  it 's lose-lose for them , and it 's not hard to see why they 've taken the stance that they have, 
  nothing at all . 
  no one can figure out why he is so enamored with a place that we literally made our name off of by surpassing and relegating to the margins of importance . 
  it 's fucking weird, 
   the same can be said to the us-mexico border which is home to some of the most violent conflicts in the world . 
  you can not be serious  the different libyan governments are n't advancing on eachother a la syria . 
  is that so ? 
  http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/07/haftar-forces-declare-victory-battle-benghazi-170705231914703.html must have been just for the chucklefucks, 
   um , did you skip the bit where i pointed out that eu has fewer enemies than usa/china ? 
  it 's not about `` looking good '' for its own sake . 
  it 's about looking good so that we have better alliances on the world stage that has little to do with global alliances and influence . 
  i doubt very much that anyone in a decision-making position thinks this business will strengthen has any positive effect on foreign policy or anything related to it . 
   three different government battling for the most important ports , in . 
  how exactly is libya `` very stable '' ? 
  eu bureaucracy labels libya unsafe because it is unsafe . 
  i see more and more people acting like libya has stabilized , and have no idea why anyone could think such a thing . 
   but there is a difference between not agreeing and the level of ~ ~ eu ~ ~ germany bashing in threads about the v4 . 
  seems more accurate , from what i 've seen, 
   a strategist would take in the measly amount of refugees , watch as they run away and get all support he can in meantime .
