  the title : `` emmanuel macron blames ` homophobia ' and ` misogyny ' for obsession with his older wife . '', 
  i have no doubt that people made up rumors about him being gay , but that 's really unrelated to disparate treatment in relationship mixed-age relationships between men and women . 
  the title is just ... wrong , as phrased, 
  well , it probably was n't the last good war , but we 've certainly been involved in many since with worse outcomes . 
  it 's extremely uncommon sentiment . 
  people just ... hate the soviets . 
  it 's what you do . 
  part of being american , really, 
  i do n't think homophobia means what you think it means , because it 's got nothing to do with why anyone would dislikes a guy who married a woman, 
   after the battle of britain , that 's also true of the uk . 
  was it ever really true ? 
  hard to believe germany could have actually have overpowered the uk in an amphibious assault even without allied assistance . 
   japan decided to surrender when kwantung army was defeated by the ussr . 
  yea , i 'm sure the immense destruction of mainland japan rivaling even that inflicted on the ussr by germany had nothing to do with it . 
  nope , totally due to a defeat not on mainland japan by a power that had 0 capacity to threaten the mainland in any way , shape , or form . 
  ussr swooped in on japan for a land-grab against a beaten and exhausted nation ; claiming that it caused japan to surrender is laughable . 
  britain , australia , new zealand , china , the u.s. , and pretty much anyone else who did anything to japan before it was japan to it 's knees all did more than the ussr ever did to bring about japan 's surrender . 
   it might not be a holiday , but you got shitloads of days all year round where you get military hardware and soldiers paraded in front of you , not unlike soviet russia actually . 
  no , we do n't . 
  it 's common to have soldiers participate in a parade for whatever holiday ( st. patrick 's day , new years , etc. 
  ) , but the idea of parading tanks and artillery and thousands of soldiers as a solely `` military parade '' is very foreign . 
  it 's mostly soldiers stationed nearby invited by the event to participate . 
  trump actually requested something like this for his inauguration , and the military refused precisely because the sight is associated with the soviets and is very foreign to us . 
  fleet week and air shows are the closest things we have , and they are not comparable to a purely `` military '' parade through the streets, 
   that 's something many people seem to miss . 
  not just people from the us ' , though . 
  my point is that he could not be more incorrect about american sympathy or eagerness to paint the ussr in a favorable light . 
  there are probably people who gloss over how awful the soviets were , but americans ? 
  sympathetic or apologetic towards the soviets ? 
  that 's complete nonsense . 
  you 'd have twist our arms to hear anything positive about the soviets . 
  i 'm joking haha . 
  poland sent a few thousand soldiers to iraq in 2003 . 
  the idea that poland killed hundreds of thousands of iraqis is stupid beyond all reason, 
  it 's fashionable 365 days a year-we just do n't get a holiday for all of them . 
  but yes , that 's a weird claim to make in any context, 
  good guy canada, 
  the japanese were so brutal on okinawa that most historians believe fear of a repeat on the mainland led to decision to use nukes on japan in the first place . 
  the stories are really fucked up , and i 'm sure it was just as bad or worse in china . 
  after the battle , we set up a provisional government on the island ; this is what one said about japanese effort there in an interview with a british journalist : `` you have the battle of britain , in which your airmen protected the british people . 
  we had the battle of okinawa , in which the exact opposite happened . 
  the japanese army not only starved the okinawans but used them as human shields . 
  that dark history is still present today - and japan and the us should study it before they decide what to do with next . '', 
  imperial japan was worse than isis in many ways , which is crazy thing to think about, 
  yea , you keep rejecting the russian bear hug of justice and friendship , obviously, 
   there were 34 nations in coalition against saddam hussein 's iraq . 
  he tried to annex a country and international community responded . 
  i assume that person 's talking about 2003 . 
  we all know that tales of polish brutality are told in baghdad to this day , after all, 
  the `` invasion '' of iceland is one of the funnier things you can read about wwii , honestly, 
   you know , ussr also had elections , and stalin was n't even formal leader of ussr . 
  however , de-facto , he was . 
  same with finland : mannerheim was de-facto the sole leader of finland . 
  there are some fairly obvious reasons why no in the west wanted to ally with the ussr at any point that were all vindicated in the post-war period . 
   ok let 's take this from a different angle since you like painting in black and white ( good guys vs bad guys ) it does n't matter . 
  this claim that you made elsewhere :  tens of millions of red army soldiers and soviet civilians gave up their lives to liberate europe . 
  is false no matter how bad , good , or in-between every other participant was . 
   personally i am much more concerned of how painfully ignorant the average murican is about what ussr did , and how twisted the narrative about ww2 here in reddit . 
  you can see top rated comments basically stating how the soviets were just innocent victims who wanted to mind their own business but got attacked . 
  american posts painting the ussr as an innocent victim ? 
  i 'm going to let you think about how ridiculous this claim is . 
  it should n't take long to see why . 
  it 's like the worst of the british tabloid-newspapers ( the sun , i think is one ) coupled with a heavy right-wing slant . 
  does n't belong on this list for sure, 
   irish people form a marginal percentage of the usa 's population , and those of irish ancestry still trail those of german ancestry in the usa for example . 
  irish ancestry is still extremely common here , especially if you consider how often people self-identify as having it . 
  german ancestry is a dim memory to most people because the government took steps to discourage identifying with german heritage during and following wwi . 
  for this and whatever other reasons , people lost touch with that connection ; not so with ireland . 
  you 'll never see people eager to claim german ancestry in the same way that we all want to be irish , for instance . 
  also , the irish are the quintessential example of a successfully-integrated immigrant group : numerous , largely poor , discriminated against initially , and at that time culturally distinct ( catholic ) . 
  germans hit some of these categories too , but germans were so numerous that integration does n't appear to have been a problem . 
  if anything , they were part of the culture that other immigrants melted into . 
   so many irish people try to lay claim to america 's successes and i find it so unjust to be honest . 
  do they ? 
  pretty sure it 's the other way around , and that they find it weird/funny that we do it . 
   i do feel that the random `` good-ish '' guys in war xyz committing crimes often gets swept under the rug though , which imo is n't helping . 
  learn from history , bla bla . 
  it 's more about whether the actions were part of the conflict , or taken for some other purpose , at least in the wwii context . 
  much of what the nazis and japanese did had no connection with winning the war . 
  enslaving , systematically exterminating , and experimenting on people do n't have the veneer of working towards a resolution at all-neither did stuff like the rape of nanking . 
  whatever the motivations and goals , they obviously do n't relate to winning the war . 
  no one would accept allied actions if taken today , but the war did n't happen today , so here we are . 
  this is true of korea and vietnam too same goes for much of what the soviets did in parts of eastern europe , especially ( as far i know ) ukraine and poland . 
   maybe many do not know about hiroshima maybe many do n't know about the first and deadliest use of nuclear weapons in history ? 
  i do n't think it 's a secret, 
   but i seriously doubt that anyone could feign ignorance about what these nukes would do to civilian cities . 
  nukes are the opposite of `` precise '' . 
  no one doubted it . 
  intentionally and indiscriminately bombing civilians was part of war at that time ; happened all over europe , happened to japan , and probably happened elsewhere in asia . 
  it 's not 1945 anymore , though-it 's not acceptable now . 
   scrap that train of thought , because `` if we had n't , it would have been worse '' can be used to excuse every single war crime , ever . 
  not liking the reasoning does n't invalidate it in a given instance . 
  whether it 's actually true or not is lost to time , but it 's not reasonable to refuse to consider something just because the implications of it are unpleasant . 
  that does n't mean you ignore the rules against war crimes , but understanding the motivations behind them is a pretty important part of preventing them in the future, 
   it is highly misleading to the americans . 
  no it 's not-the centrist french candidate won . 
  no one knows or much cares what that means ; the real news is that far-right candidate lost . 
  the particulars are less important than knowing that far-right nationalists did n't go 3/3 in major western elections since brexit, 
  local papers ? 
  all are popular in their own regions , which are more than just one little town .
