  have n't been told no yet though . 
  i 'd pay for it ( usually like $ 0.10 or $ 0.25 at home ) but they do n't ask for payment here, 
  another tax haven that starts with an l, 
  you 're both wrong about economists saying that , and anyone who says it is wrong . 
  the end, 
  i wondered what was going on . 
  i 'm here now and there is a concert or something near the castle with their crown jewels . 
  obviously something was up, 
  russia 's black sea presence is a joke , honestly . 
  look at their struggles in connection syria . 
  the rest of nato can handle that alone with no american help , really, 
  weird wording aside ( `` hit in head with police bullet '' lol ) , shit happens in a crossfire , hiding or no . 
  thousands haha . 
  you can pretend like round 2 will not be different , but time will tell . 
  there 's no longer a clear route to get where they otherwise want to go . 
  consider it a hijacking of the friendly boaters on a much larger scale, 
  yeah , because they only wanted to pass through and get elsewhere . 
  with walls going up in the east , i suspect that wo n't be the case in the next round, 
  have fun when turkey decides to let them flood into your country , i guess . 
  and you know what ? 
  you can drink as little bland , concentrated espresso as you want here . 
  no one will nickel and dime you for it . 
  the reverse ... not true at all . 
  tiny , no sugar and cream , or massively extra expense ( and little options to choose from re : flavored creams ) . 
  you ca n't really defend having fewer choices at higher costs no matter you slice it, 
  you have fun with that . 
  i think you 're nuts though, 
  lol and get nazified servings of cream and sugar ( i.e. 
  none ) in a tiny-ass cup ? 
  coffee is something we generally do better for sure . 
  i find it too strong here because there is so little water in it ( tiny cups ) , but the inability to really put in your own flavored creams and such and sugar makes sure that you ca n't change it . 
  unless someone loves espresso , this is probably going to be there reaction to most of the coffee here . 
  they 're usually confused at first , thinking i want something like ice cream . 
  they give it to me free when i make clear that i just want ice . 
  worked in germany , france , holland , and denmark so far, 
  well , we do n't nickel and dime you for shit like refills and using the bathroom , so amount is n't a concern . 
  on a hot day , there simply is no such thing as too much ice . 
  if you animals knew what the concept of cold drinks were , i would n't have to get free ice at american fast food places here . 
  alas , you do n't , so here we are . 
  someone who just wants a fucking cup of ice . 
  do n't buy anything-just look at menu , get free cup of ice because it 's an american restaurant and you know they 'll both have ice and give it to you , and profit . 
  that 's what i do anyway, 
  it 's long-gone now , but that was the gist : that the government balances its own moderate outlook with the much more reactionary public , and that western posters always incorrectly assume that the government is the radicalizing force with the people pushing for change . 
  letting women drive was the example-supposedly , the resistance is among the populace and not hard-liners in government . 
  not the scenario we usually see here, 
  yes , weaken yourselves even more . 
  that should entertaining for me in the future, 
  nothing stopping you from going brexit on them , in case you had n't noticed, 
  you need this so badly . 
  europe is a wifi wasteland compared to back home-slower , and far less public wifi . 
  could n't believe it , still ca n't really, 
  should make you feel stupid , honestly, 
  that 's not going to happen . 
  they demand extortionary measures now in exchange for access ; that will only get worse , not better , as they grow stronger . 
  there is no reason to expect improvement, 
  putin is the talkingest fucker alive-even more then trump . 
  how is he able to govern when he is busy generating sound bytes 24/7/365 ? 
  it 's gone beyond only vs. trump-past the point of no return really . 
  you say that now . 
  wait until you start feeling that weight you 're going to have to pull around , with none of your `` friends '' able or willing to work to do so, 
  damn , i bet she wishes she could have that one back, 
  he 's not wrong . 
  saudi arabia is a haven for terrorism and major source of funds and support for it , but it 's the government that typically tries to moderate the populace 's otherwise reactionary leanings . 
  hard to believe as it is , the people want the place to be even worse than it already is , and the government more or less stands in the way . 
  there was a great post about it a while ago by saudi redditor that i have probably lost by now, 
  it 's squabbling . 
  the new fault lines are just emerging and coming into focus , but they are there . 
  as for the east , i really should n't have to point out orban to you . 
  he 's a symptom of a fault line , but a rather obvious one . 
  and not every dispute or risk to peace on the continent relates to the euro . 
  it 's really a silly and overly dramatic thing to claim , as various members do n't even use it, 
  never seen it used outside fox news, 
  seems like the `` real '' eu members are , as we 've always known , not really interested in doing what 's needed to maintain its integrity beyond a certain eastern border, 
  germany is no great powerhouse , either . 
  said it before , will say it again : all they ( and many others ) want is someone else to keep picking up the slack , whether it 's us or someone else in europe . 
  if germany was actually serious about self-reliance in defense , it would simply get that way . 
  lucky you , you beat them to it . 
  is that what den haag means ? 
  i see it on the trains here but ignored it as just more indecipherable words among many, 
  i mean ... you 're already squabbling among yourselves , and you have people in the east ( especially orban ) fawning over putin right now . 
  i fail to see how the euro is related to this, 
  news would be the eu refusing to block such attempts in the first place, 
  what 's a bilateral deal with either country even worth ? 
  i doubt they 're really the ones trump fantasizes about trading with anyways . 
  this will just be another in an already-long list of trump failures, 
  climate change denial is rampant among americans whose jobs are in no way affected by climate change . 
  this may be true elsewhere , but the cult of denial is divorced from this linkage here, 
   i do n't see why republicans would do that . 
  lol silly , naive child, 
  yea , it really shouldn ; t be a problem for anyone, 
   possibly , but then europe is doomed that 's a tad dramatic . 
  the euro , maybe , but the region as a concept ? 
  the real interesting thing would be to see how devoted each side to their own cause . 
   yes , but those states have relatively low pollution levels already . 
  the coal industry is n't in california . 
  this reflects an understandable lack of understanding about the u.s. 
  when a large and rich state sets a standard , it becomes a national standard for all intents and purposes . 
  california , texas , ny are the usual culprits . 
  fuel efficiency is just one example ; textbooks are another . 
  textbook publishers are always hoping that texas does n't demand crazy shit in its curriculum precisely because what they print for texas is probably going out to everyone else too .
