  * british empire * being the key phrase there . 
  can you imagine a politician today , in 2017 , suggesting a scheme like that ? 
  they 'd be mocked relentlessly and pushed out of office at the first opportunity . 
   you 're talking about this as if it 's an ideological thing but it 's not . 
  i 'm talking about this like a realist . 
  do you think that the rest of the eu wants to pay someone to stop being a tax haven ? 
  that 's tough pill for a politician to swallow , and easy cudgel for an opposition member to wield against someone . 
  if people were so willing to stomach a bad deal in order to move forward , greece 's economy and government would not be on life support right now . 
   the eu needs to be pragmatic when dealing with this issue because `` eu collapses several small economies and hurts others so france and germany can get richer '' would be the single most damaging thing the bloc could ever do to itself . 
  it might look that way in ireland , but it 's not hard to imagine people feeling less sympathy about the struggles of known tax havens . 
  there 's too much short-term gain from looking tough in dealing with them , especially if they appear to demand concessions in order to stop doing what they are doing . 
  too easy for an aspiring politician in germany or france to call the bluff of these small places leaving , and demand surrender ( as none can credibly threaten to leave ) . 
   do not forget that not every tax haven in the eu is malta , either . 
  the netherlands enjoy their tax deals too , and have an unignorable population . 
  it 's easy to ignore someone when it 's politically advantageous to do so , and when they do n't have any other good options . 
  precisely because it 's a tax haven . 
  ireland does not have some comparative advantage that makes it a powerhouse in these industries other than being cheap to operate in due to tax shenanigans . 
   tax havens need to be dealt with at some point but none of the tax havens in the eu ( and there are quite a few ) are going to accept that unless their economies are compensated for . 
  seriously ? 
  concessions to tax havens ? 
  considering most are the tiny and frankly powerless members , that seems like a weird way to deal with them . 
  good luck getting the non-tax haven majority to agree to that approach . 
  giving tiny populations disproportionate power only breeds resentment and dysfunction . 
  it 's one of the main sources of our problems right now . 
  not always in a belligerent way , but it 's been my experience . 
  i noticed it because the french , who i expected no end of that sort of shit from , were the coolest people i interacted with in europe . 
  they get a unfair reputation here for sure . 
  nothing against them overall-liked the time i spent there . 
  once you beat back the hordes of homeless people and beggars , frankfurt is a really cool place with great people overall , for instance . 
  but you have to approach with the understanding ( as an american anyway ) that they will assume they are smarter than you , and tend to speak to you as such . 
  some borders really are crimes against humanity though . 
  look at florida and tell me that it is n't the result of a dick joke gone wrong, 
  i mean , you seemed offended by the word or something , so i had to drop a knowledge bomb on you, 
  germans are rarely nationalistic-just condescending , really . 
   this may be difficult to achieve when you have health issues . 
  which no one here ever talks about , despite how painfully obvious a point it is . 
  employer-provided insurance is a stupid idea for so many reasons-this is just one . 
   wo n't you be left with a huge debt to pay , though ? 
  usually . 
  even if you have insurance , it 's a huge risk . 
  there 's lots of weirdness that i would n't expect foreigners to know or bother understanding when it comes to unfunded healthcare mandates and how much stuff costs here . 
  most americans are n't clear on it . 
  and frankly , given the direction that this sub is slowly sliding , i do n't expect to see much interest in wondering why either, 
   as i said , about 5,000 - 8,000 people from ex-ussr countries have joined isis ( excluding those from russian caucuses region apparently ) , but they do not have operational bases or groups back in their home countries . 
  i believe they are probably in syria or iraq fighting . 
  you also have to take into account all the arab fighters who compose majority of isis 's fighters . 
  yea , and they 've been at war for several years across multiple fronts-including some actually-costly battles with iranian proxies and the kurds . 
  i do n't think you realize just how huge a force 100,000 fighters is-you 'd need logistics and funding for close to a million people to keep them in the field . 
  russia itself could n't put 100k people on the ground in syria-the only countries on earth that could do that are the u.s. , perhaps the uk/france , and maybe a very inspired turkey . 
   russia has two terror groups who 've pledged allegiance to isis on their soil according to the source i linked to you above , looks like they are a faction which has splintered from the caucuses emirate no surprise there . 
  this is a common occurrence across the world . 
  it 's really just more incentive to keep isis in the me and keep troublemakers heading there from russian territory , though . 
   the kurds will hold onto the land temporarily onto other forces regroup , get their act together and drive the kurds back into the regions they are native to . 
  maybe . 
  unless turkey spearheads this , i ca n't see it happening . 
  it 's beyond the concern of russia/iran , and it 's not something the rump state that is syria can or will want to do . 
  once isis is gone and the last rebels are beaten , everyone that matters will want the fighting to stop . 
  will turkey really defy everyone and stir up more conflict just to beat back the kurds in syria ? 
  we 'll have to wait and see . 
   because turkish-russian ties are steadily increasing and turkish relations with the united states have already heavily deteriorated over the kurdish situation . 
  russia would n't want to risk turkish relations over minimal relations with the kurds in my opinion . 
  russia is n't going to invest much in turkey . 
  political turmoil and divergent interests in the region-it 's just a recipe for headache . 
  russia will encourage turkey to annoy the west , but not much else . 
  americans are n't thrilled with erdogan , but we are also used to dealing with weasels and less than stellar characters in the middle east . 
  it 's the europeans who have gone berserk over him . 
  the end result will probably just be an isolated turkey . 
  they 're simply too vulnerable to risk a real standoff with east or west , and too unreliable right now to be worth deeper investment by either side . 
  ... more evidence that this sub is turning into the same trash that most others are . 
  may have to try and find another good one . 
   whenever you find yourself referring to a trade deal between the european union and japan as small-scale , that 's a sign that your kind of being silly . 
  per the article , it deals with automobile manufacturing and agriculture . 
  that 's not a sweeping agreement , regardless of how big the participants are . 
  it 's focused and relatively limited in scope . 
   more so , that you 're the stereotype of the ignorant america-centred american . 
   so go back to your dad 's basement and be silly there scamp . 
  you 're very ... defensive about some pretty innocuous stuff . 
  if i really wanted to mock something concerning size and relevance , there are better targets when talking to an irish person . 
  fits my experience with ukers and irish people in general though-either super awesome , or massive assholes . 
  not much middle ground from what i 've seen . 
  the real surprising part is how many of the latter ( ie , you ) i 'm seeing in this sub recently . 
  used to be i liked this sub because the discourse here was just better than elsewhere . 
  definitely changing for the worse . 
  you 're a great example-insults and hyperbole , no substance , refusal to engage the one point i made in the first place . 
   when you 're talking about competition from japan ( or elsewhere ) , the interests of industry lobbyists are usually aligned with those of their workers they absolutely are not aligned with their workers . 
  industry representatives are hostile to their workers , and seek every opportunity to give them less and take more for more nothing . 
   ( though not of mine as a consumer , but that 's not what we were talking about , were we ? 
  i 'm not . 
  consumer benefits are always accidental anyhow-no one at the negotiating table ever has them in mind . 
  because that 's exactly what it means . 
  may as well say : `` even those fucked-up poles did it-greece can do it for sure . '', 
   the us is irrelevant to this interaction . 
  this seems quite difficult for you to come to terms with . 
  per your own eu rep with the epic name :  '' `` you can do good , fair , transparent and sustainable trade agreements where you win and i win , and not the american view , which seems to be , ` you lose and i win , ' '' malmstrom told reporters . '', 
  yea , so irrelevant that the eu tried to paint it as a rebuke to the `` american view . '', 
  when small-scale little bilateral deals like this are literally the only thing close to policy that trump espouses . 
  the point is that people like you who are hoisting it as such look very silly when you do so . 
  no one cares about the trade agreement , but the idea that it 's some kind of item that gives anyone the space to preach to anyone is beyond stupid . 
  fair point, 
  i guess you 'll find out whether it helps or not,
