  it should never have started . 
  turkey was never going to be allowed in , and everyone knew it-that just helped fuel erdogan 's sense of grievance and shore up his support, 
  you may or may not be right about bargaining power , but you are nuts if you think it 's not any faster than getting all eu members on board ( and , apparently , a few belgian area who receive extra-special veto power for some reason ), 
  euros : quick to circlejerk , slow to ask why some unequal demands are made . 
  do you really want more countries developing these weapons ? 
  and whose going to stop it-powerless nobodies like micronesia ? 
  i think not . 
  a bunch of countries with no way to back up a threat are never going to make this demand with any sort of credibility . 
  be serious . 
  besides , the misses in dispute are mirv 's - not some stupid cruise missiles . 
  and . 
  basic logic . 
  you can feels special about yourself and take the position you have taken , or you can watch as one me country after another decides that the deal has failed and develops its own nuclear weapons . 
  do n't pin it all on france-they 're not the only ones over there prickly about the ag sector, 
  ^ obligatory frenchie ragepost about a movie, 
   there were many of articles about it including some from american sites.aa sharing it was a stupid mistake this was no mistake :  ** turkey 's state-run anadolu agency ** provided detailed information about 10 u.s. bases in northern syria , ** including troop counts and a map of the u.s. force presence in the turkish version . 
  ** the reports said that the military outposts are `` usually hidden for security reasons , making it hard to be detected . '' it said they were located `` in the terrorist pkk/pyd-held syrian territories , '' a reference to kurdish groups that turkey 's government considers terrorist organizations . 
   atm us is supporting a group that is on turkish border and has connections with pkk which is fighting against turkey and doing terror attacks.nearly every single american campaing in the region gave pkk more opportunity ( they buy tons of western made weapons from syrian and iraqi black markets ) and damaged turkey . 
  a deceptive statement . 
  until it became politically convenient to reignite the conflict , erdogan had done excellent work turning the kurdish conflict into one dealt with through the electoral process . 
  it 's no surprise that the kurds profited during this time : saddam gone , conflict in turkey abating , and later on support in syria due to being a competent , reliable force . 
  that erdogan decided to re-ignite the campaign against pkk in order to ensure that his party would secure a majority in the late 2015 snap election . 
  disgusting behavior , really . 
   us blocked/delayed many arms sales ( sometimes after the terms were agreed and deal was singed ) , refused to give us some weapons , sanctioned us which is actually why we are devoloping our own aa systems ( we are also cooparating with italy and france for some of these technologies ) and buying russian systems . 
  tukey has not at any point been sanctioned by us . 
  however , i ca n't say that i am disappointed in these decisions , as erdogan 's antics with kurds , with cyprus , reckless shooting down of a russian jet , and overtly hostile actions following the failed coup have shown that those were probably wise choices . 
   us actions are damaging turkey more than turkey 's actions damage us so acting like only turkey is wrong ( this does n't mean turkey is 100 % right ) does n't make much sense . 
  all the more reason not to rely on turkey any more , given the apparent differences between the two . 
  especially now that erdogan has made opposing us the linchpin of his strategy in the region , closer cooperation would be a vulnerability that i suspect we 'll regret later given how untrustworthy erdogan is . 
  are unacceptable ? 
  you mean ... the actions that did n't actually change anything ? 
  premature overreaction was the worst possible response : buttressing those pushing the changes and causing resentment in the country itself . 
  technically . 
  iran is testing medium-range ballistic missiles , and we 're upping sanctions related to that program . 
  the deal should prohibit the latter , and common sense suggests that the former shows that iran is n't * actually * sticking to it . 
  what use a delivery system with no nuke to go on it ? 
  the problem is that the agreement was n't comprehensive enough to avoid stuff like this . 
  that 's the kind of serious-thinking that will come up with solutions . 
  that 's a pretty disingenuous position to take : the eu , an organization in large part run by germany , should be tasked with confronting efforts that undermine diversification initiatives ? 
  so you should make the same mistake twice for fairness ' sake ? 
  long on hyperbole . 
  i do n't really care if you want to coddle your ag sectors , but i do n't want to see self-righteous whining about being die-hard free-trade advocates at the same time . 
  if those people have livelihoods connected with growing said food , maybe . 
  only the purest motives , no doubt . 
  should have happened ages ago , but it did n't . 
  we have to deal with plan b now, 
  previous poster implied that it was banned , which was what i found odd . 
   and gave up her strongest ally and most important bases in mena right ? 
  until then next turkey-tantrum turns them into a weapon to be used against us . 
  like the classless , traitorous publishing of the positions of us forces in iraq , for instance . 
  this ignores the fact that , if any other power in the me goes nuclear , all others in the region will as well . 
  that matters more than which one is less shitty to women and gays and such , and it 's why iran is the one being singled out on this front . 
  iran has continued testing medium-range ballistic missiles . 
  that 's a separate matter , and it says a lot about their `` compliance . '', 
  idk the best way to handle them , but pretending like it is n't a problem is n't the way . 
  there is no need for such testing , if there are no warheads to mount onto them . 
   if the us wont make a change for the much larger and much more influential japanese market , there is n't a chance in hell we will do it for the much smaller dutch market . 
  us wo n't change because the goalposts will move . 
  eu countries are well-known for protecting their ag industries , especially the southern nations . 
   baking soda ... why do n't you have baking soda, 
   food can be fun as long as it complies to our rules and regulations . 
  those are in place for a reason . 
  protectionism ? 
   and this kind of stuff is why it 's not really that good of an idea to engage in trade treaties with the us that might , for example , remove foodstuff import rules even further . 
  and this is why i roll my eyes when europeans complain about alleged protectionism from this side of the atlantic, 
  the point is n't that the kurds are n't trustworthy-it 's that ukraine is n't unique . 
  the kurds will get weapons now , as turky grows more into a problem to be managed rather than partner to be placated, 
  making excuses for one because of the other is pretty standard stuff for their shills , which is what you are doing . 
  i challenge you to show me one trade partner that conditions that trade on breaking trade ties with russia . 
  once germany declared war , yes . 
  this was not some long-standing alliance ; france demanded that the us leave shortly after the allies kicked the nazis out of france . 
  that 's a separate question from whether the practice itself is unsafe or otherwise unwise . 
  bluster and nonsense . 
  neither side is really sticking to the deal-and neither has said it would withdraw from it , either . 
  article is nonsense click bait for a sub that simply likes the title . 
   they worry that it 's a project that is supposed to politically and economically strenghten cee at the expense of germany and the eu . 
  in other words , germany and we got used to the situation when they have a massive amount of influence in cee and they worry that tsi , particularely countries like poland and hungary , have an interest in changing that . 
  i concluded the same-there 's no other justification for their reaction and stance . 
  i challenge you to show me where the pro-american puppet is in iraq . 
  also , stop shilling so hard-you 're embarrassing yourself . 
  do n't you get tired of being told that pointing out hypocrisy does n't justify russia 's shittiness ? 
  is there no better line of work available in russia these days ? 
   i 'd rather have a stable dictatorship that has used chemical weapons instead of a complete anarchy false paradigm . 
  there is no reason to think that this is a necessary choice , which is precisely why assad should have personally been killed for the action as a method of deterrence . 
   in the end there 's not that big of a difference between bombing people and gassing people . 
  civilians will die either way . 
  there is a reason one is banned , and one is not-and it 's not because this is correct . 
   if that was the reason you 'd stop supporting everyone who steal stuff and sell to anyone willing to pay . 
  risk-reward . 
  high-risk , for likely little reward . 
   for some reason of all potential receivers of weapon you pick only ukrainians . 
  the list of people who want better weapons but do n't get them is quite long , the kurds being the most prominent and most trustworthy of the bunch ,, 
  hard to argue with the assessment . 
  germany 's core interest is maintaining leverage of the east , and it seems to have accepted a modern-day molotov-ribbentrop pact in order to do so . 
   it does n't matter if the natural gas is pumped out of a shale well in north dakota or south dakota , as soon as its pumped out it gets to market . 
  you apparently know nothing about how lng works . 
  it does not come out of the ground ready for export-it takes considerable time and investment to transport it to a export center for liquefication , liquefy and store it , and then ship it somewhere prepared to gasify it and then transport it . 
  it 's not the cheapest option by a mile . 
  it 's the single best way in existence to diversify away from russian gas , and germany and a few misguided friends oppose it . 
  and we are not the only people in the world who can sell this stuff .
