  went all around holland a few weeks ago , so i 'd expect one of you to be able to follow what 's being discussed . 
  it 's frankly surprising, 
  no one cares what the netherlands decides to do , honestly . 
  so have fun following whoever you want . 
  moreover , an american is in a better position than anyone else to say why the us congress did something . 
  an american telling you why seems like a pretty reasonable idea to me . 
  the rest of is just eu-federalist fantasy . 
  until you become one nation with one distinct foreign policy , there 's a bunch of you with overlapping and competing goals . 
  this decision makes some of you mad , some of you happy . 
  that 's how it is , regardless of what you or anyone else thinks about it or how much you want it to not be the case . 
  we have it . 
  but thanks . 
  you , however , have almost no ac . 
  thus people dying in 2017 because it gets hot in summers , as if you catches you by surprise, 
  i would not think that . 
  gop does things like cuts funding that allows poor kids a meal at school , or demands that said school lunch come with work requirements . 
  nah , germany should make sure that it can buy gas from russia without worrying what those pesky territories are up to . 
  show some solidarity in the face of new american sanctions . 
  just look it up . 
  the fbi warned during the obama years that right-wing extremist activity was the greatest threat of attack that we faced . 
  gop complained so they retracted the report , but those were the conclusions . 
  you took yours ? 
  you 're here on reddit talking about it was n't that bad , serbs were victims too , etc. 
  not exactly regret and contrition, 
  is it ? 
  monetary goals are legitimate . 
  not like that 's an inappropriate reason for its existence . 
  these sanctions are n't trump 's brainchild , in case you did n't notice . 
  no maga about it . 
  also , just read these responses ; the eu is divided on this already . 
  germany 's response is simply confirming to the east what many have suspected all along : it is n't serious about dealing with russia 's behavior against its neighbors . 
  i also find the idea that this is a protectionism scheme to be a joke . 
  there is n't enough lng delivery capacity on the entire planet to fill even part of europe 's needs , and you and every other poster knows it . 
  please be serious here ; you 're dutch , you know better than to believe something as far fetched as that . 
  the great irony is that it 's germany and austria , not us , that are responding based solely on selfish economic concerns . 
  this is about keeping the west in line with the east , and giving them fewer incentives to sell the east short in the event that an actual difficult has to be made at some point . 
  looking more and more like that 's an inevitability . 
  and only a few ways that matter-which germany is now complaining about . 
  it ca n't ever replace pipeline gas . 
  not for the foreseeable future anyways . 
  ... we do n't rely on sa for hardly any oil . 
  export restrictions are easily viewed as protectionism just as much as some sense of punishing russia . 
  lest you forget-just remember that next time you think it 's wise to oppose us haha . 
  my friend , you germans working with the russians to isolate ee and leave them vulnerable to russian pressure while you sit comfortable and happy in berlin is very much our business . 
  they are nato members , in case you forgot . 
  what is unreasonable , exactly ? 
  oh yea , we 're trying to help domestic production and hurt russia 's only real source of income-how objectionable . 
  we should all be hitting russia where it hurts , not coddling their primary industry ( cough germany ) . 
  get over it , honestly . 
  i wonder what the ee 's think about this outrage . 
  i ca n't be the only person who thinks the translated title in the post is meaningless gibberish . 
  what is it actually trying to say ? 
  cold drinks and ac . 
  magical , new-world shit . 
  y' all should try 'em . 
  i think youll find most of the eu members and major partners are in it for the money . 
  i mean , it 's a customs union with open borders ; you do n't think maybe economics are a big motivator ? 
  i still call what you did a massacre . 
  easy question, 
  you 're very mistaken if you think they are as open as the west . 
  just look up what it takes to enter the market in china-they are mercantilist to the core . 
  never seen that before , actually , but sounds right, 
  would have been a nice touch . 
  it 's true , though : they will have less incentive than ever to expose their industries to actual competition as time passes . 
  people do n't seem to understand this , and i 'm not clear why not . 
   the american partisanship is much more emotional then it is political . 
  republicans and democrats are both at least somewhat right wing . 
  it is very much both . 
  whether you can see the differences or not does not mean that they do n't exist . 
  de gaulle was a self-promoting asshat who used the sacrifices of people better than himself to secure his own political position in france . 
  de gaulle is pretty much the only reason you see snide or sarcastic remarks about france by americans-older people hate him intensely , and it trickles down . 
  i might have agreed once upon a time , but being in italy and seeing how ridiculously ineffective , corrupt , and generally incompetent things are here ... i ca n't say i 'm sorry . 
  at least a dictator might make rome not smell like a massive dumpster and get some fucking trash off the street-that alone would be progress . 
   except that nato in this case is acting the same way as nazi did . 
  we could live in peace for 45 years without problems and suddenly started to hate each other ? 
  yea , total peaceniks over there in the balkans . 
  if nato had adopted a nazi approach to you , we would n't have to read nonsense like this on reddit , because you would n't be here to write it . 
   the same civil war we had 1941-1945 has been forced again on us in 1991 , and new borders that are forced are strikingly similar to german occupation of balkans . 
  forced on you haha . 
  oh , those blameless , innocent serbs ravaged by the evil world !, 
  revisionist history = best history , i guess, 
   why do you think that ukraine , belarus and russia are not one country , the people do n't want to remain as one country russia will see to that in time . 
   you should just own it . 
  stop whining and bitching about it . 
  serbia committed a massacre . 
  deal with it . 
  pretty much sums up the deflecting whining by serbs seen in this thread . 
  yugoslavia broke up . 
  every person living there thinks the universe has wronged them in the same way . 
  not all went genocide-crazy . 
  deal indeed, 
  they like money too-not surprising to me . 
  still , the textbooks are a separate issue . 
  ... i mean , a much bigger polluter can do more than a smaller one . 
  is this really a controversial statement ? 
  logic thinks not , but u/tryinghardtobenice appears to differ . 
  edit : 2008 , sorry-i was referencing 2008 . 
  i thought i remember something occurring in 2004 too , but that apparently was n't the invasion . 
  anyway , the point is that no one is going to want someone in said zone to join . 
  there 's question enough whether really want to protect the eastern flank already .
