   also germany is in the process of propping up the bundeswehr as we speak . 
  oh sure , she 's talked about it . 
  talk is something great supply this topic , but we 'll see if there 's any action on this front . 
  frankly , even that increase would not be enough to make a difference , and that 's even assuming that it happens ( again : all talk ) . 
  f-35 defenders have much in common with climate deniers , really : denying the overwhelming evidence and clinging to any little thing that they can grip onto, 
  oh no , these were english-speakers giving me shit because trump is president-as if russia has any room to crap on other places . 
  and they were not tourists , either-more likely , part of the sheister and thief army here in rome . 
  `` sign my petition '' lol if sanctions are making the lives of people like that bunch unpleasant , i say bring on the fucking pain . 
  precisely why all the talk about eu defense are such a joke : those who would be most able to supply it would simply rather not , even in the easy cases . 
  no surprise . 
  russians i 've met here in italy have been the rudest , most arrogant people i 've ever met in my life . 
  it 's unreal , honestly . 
  why are they even here , anyway ? 
  guess they , like the trumpets , like to wallow in the sleaze and like that their leader does it so well, 
  a underperforming , expensive piece of trash is such no matter who buys it . 
  ... i think you may have missed the point of the original joke : it 's not that the french guns sucked , it 's that the french threw them down and ran away instead of using them against the nazis . 
  thus `` never fired , only dropped once . '', 
  lol no . 
  just look up the latest review on the f-35-it 's slow-rolling ball of disaster that keeps getting bigger as disaster-ball picks up more crap as it rolls downhill, 
  what hopes ? 
  everyone , everywhere ( especially in europe ) hated ttip . 
  for all their bitching about trump , people are cheering about this, 
   you make no sense . 
  poland 's military is big because they are a big country . 
  yes , poland is poorer than portugal but not much , go get a look at numbers . 
  poland being much larger , but having the same size economy , is pretty much the reason why maintaining a force their size is such a strain for them : because they are poorer . 
  this is simple stuff . 
   but look at the military it feels compelled to field . 
   laughable . 
  to you , sitting way on the atlantic coast with nothing but spain as a neighbor . 
  this sentiment and response right here is a major reason why i roll my eyes whenever i hear the dreamers talk about an eu stepping up and being much more than it is today , especially on the security front . 
  you simply do n't view the poorer east 's problems as your own , and this gap will either force contraction or create perpetual paralysis and dysfunction . 
  oh , i know that germany is eager to have rest of europe step up and fill any potential security void . 
  you 're living in a fantasy world if you think that germany is going to step up and take lead on this front , though . 
  they 've refused any such thing since reunification , and made continued refusals to do so part of the resistance to trump . 
  they 're not going to start now . 
   germany accepted patiently all the slaps in the face for about 3-4 times . 
  they are not a small time player to be treated like that . 
  erdogan did that precisely because there is n't much germany can do in response , and he seems german responses such as they are as beneficial to his own standing . 
  he will continue for the same reasons . 
  plundering weapons from the enemy ; sounds good . 
  i guess you would have been the plundered , though , so not quite the same as the actual allied powers stealing germany 's stuff . 
  that fantasy world you live in must be a glorious place, 
   however the eu and the us are still by large the best natural ally for each other from the economic , cultural and political point of view . 
  if this relationship gets destroyed , than it 's not gon na be from our side , because nobody in the eu wants to have the us as an enemy . 
  your western counterparts may love some american pop culture , but they would still disagree with at least part of this statement . 
  it honestly amazes me how many people walk around here with clothes with american stuff on it , given bush and now trump . 
  i 'm still in disbelief, 
   if turkey tries to become russia 2.0 , they will fail pretty quickly and pretty hard . 
  and the turks and kurds will go flooding into the eu . 
   a poor nation without nukes isnt a threat to anybody . 
  turkey is a threat to many of its neighbors , especially when a dictator faces popularity issues and economic troubles . 
   turkey talks big and talks shit and the stuff they say is horrible from a relationship and alliance point , but eu and nato have actually dropped any semblance of solidarity or alliance with turkey which is a bit more troublesome than calling politicians nazis . 
  they dropped all pretense of solidarity ? 
  i mean ... can you really see no reason why ? 
  because erdogan ditched it ages ago . 
  they saw that he 's made himself de facto dictator and is not their friend , so they responded . 
  problem is , all of you saying it really just want someone else to step in fill a theoretical void for you , as opposed to actually picking up the slack . 
  germany is a great example . 
  they 've made crystal clear that military capabilities are a very low priority , so it 's little amusing to see merkel proclaim the need for independence from the anglo nations . 
  you all just want to free-ride on each other , and will never agree on who actually gets to do so . 
   poland does n't have a disproportionately strong army , they are just a big country and germany looks weak for a good reason you know ... 
  it does . 
  you said below :  btw poland 's and portuguese economies are very close difference being that poland has around four times the population . 
  it 's bigger and poorer than you , but look at the military it feels compelled to field . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  eu collective security might look nice to those safely in the west , but it does n't seem all that `` collective '' to those riding it out in the east, 
  whether one believes this statement or not , we can all agree that the success had nothing to do with the collaborating french or opportunistic weasels riding british , american , and canadian coattails like de gaulle . 
  as the old joke goes : french wwii rifle for sale . 
  never fired , only dropped once !, 
   you are aware that hitler considered british people one of the master race and wanted peace with us ? 
  lol yea , that 's why he bombed the shit out of london . 
  because he was your bro, 
   so who you say has `` a disproportionately strong army '' in europe ? 
  he stated clearly that the eastern members such as poland do . 
  you ca n't seriously say that poland 's military efforts do n't exceed those of germany of portugal , given their weaker economy . 
  the point is that , if the eu were serious about collective security and it were indeed collective , germany would n't be sitting as weak as it is , and poland would n't have to be as collectively militarized as it is, 
   given the current situation , i would n't bet a cent on that . 
  they never would have anyways . 
  that 's way too strong a step towards actually developing a competent military , which germany has made clear that it has no interest in doing . 
  isis is one small part of the madness that is syria . 
  they never would have went anywhere if not for assad getting hammered early in the war, 
  point it is antagonistic talk that wo n't accomplish anything because they will jist leave and go west once in the eu anyways . 
  that 's kind of crazy, 
  paris is riddled with sheisters , scammers , and thieves though . 
  they are everywhere around tourist sites . 
  never seen anything like it . 
  so well informed that they think ukraine is just a local civil war ( not russian fuckery ) , so well informed that they are n't even allowed to know how many russian soldiers have died in ukraine on `` vacation , '' and so well informed that they think evil [ insert baddie ] shot down that her over ukraine and not their little pets . 
  yes , oh so savvy . 
  but i guess they know who does n't like them , even if they do n't know why . 
  good thing the government made those places hate russia , otherwise the poll would be inaccurate, 
  then you fools should n't have let them in the eu . 
  do n't ask the easterners to make your mistake, 
  let 's start with the obvious : syria is a home-grown civil war with chemical weapons deployed against civilians and all sorts of other shit that the syrians happily inflicted on each other . 
  so ... maybe half right, 
  as if they would go to poland anyway . 
  they want to ride the western gravy train ; they 're not interested in heading east . 
  luxembourg actually , but there 's room for plenty, 
  i was just happy that it worked even once , and that places like bk and subway keep tons of ice on hand even overseas where no one cares about it . 
  i assume they can tell i 'm american and write it off because of that , but idk .
