  attacking the messenger does n't change the message 's validity, 
  it 's not always a good thing . 
  if texas wants a science textbook talking about creationism or some bs , there 's always the risk that it 's the only one that schools will get due to cost , for example . 
  but it works for environmental stuff . 
  nobody would shoo you away-but you 're a bit outside the russian-bs free zone of europe . 
  see : 2004 . 
  idk best georgia still best , though , but to each their own . 
  lots , naturally-large and influential neighbor . 
  the real question is how moscow tries to use it . 
  see : ukraine, 
  right-wing crazies have been the biggest terrorist threat here for some time-from shooting up churches to bombing the olympics and government buildings . 
  excluding one extraordinary success on 9/11 , theyve been the biggest threat at home for years, 
  california 's commitment alone is honestly worth more anything germany can do . 
  they de facto set many of the environmental standards that are not already pre-empted by federal regulation by virtue of being so big . 
  whatever standard they set , it gets forced on everyone else here by default . 
  let 's see how they choose to move forward . 
  well , it was supposed to say stole their shit . 
  i find the idea of an israeli claiming that another place should be open and accepting other peoples hilarious frankly, 
  because erdogan now hates them . 
  that simple really, 
  even if macron strengthens the already-strong french presidency , he 'd still be way within the reasonable bounds of power for a republic . 
  the real problem comes in when said leaders destroy and weaken the system itself in order to strengthen their own powers at institutional expense and subvert the institutions themselves . 
  france is no where near such a situation, 
  an unpleasant truth , is it ? 
  best georgia over here will welcome you any time . 
  i assure you , that is not an initiative taken seriously here . 
  say whatever you will about dreams of a future federal eu , but the us has its military situation under control with or without europe . 
  he 's probably trying to distract from the comey business , which went about as poorly for trump as it could have . 
  i 'd rather he just ended it . 
  europeans are so fucking excited to ditch us for china ( conceptually-little real though behind the emotion ) that a swift undercutting and humiliation seems the best of bad outcomes . 
  trump wants to anyway-no point pretending otherwise, 
  and why would they open up as they grow stronger , when they did n't feel the need to do so when weaker ? 
  laughable, 
  whereas you just kicked out every undesirable you could and stop their shit . 
  you are russia food either way-georgia , for all intents and purposes , is n't even european . 
  idk why it would matter to you, 
  they prefer not to have to pick sides . 
  russia 's belligerent , domineering behavior pushes them west . 
  most would prefer not to have to join nato , i 'm sure . 
  politico is just a publication focused on political events and gossip in the u.s. 
  it 's a great publication , really ; this one is really outside the bounds of what they purport to do . 
  i know everything , i 'll have you know . 
  this is one of many . 
  more seriously , the intense desire among russia 's neighbors to have nothing to do with it and join nato is pretty solid evidence for me, 
  i 've run into plenty of russians trying to scam me . 
  i come by my dislike for them honestly . 
   now , even if russia admitted they lend their aa system to the separatists , there is no reason to accuse them anything but arming insurgents in another country . 
  this alone should be enough for sanctions but there are loads of western weapons killing thousands and nobody ever gets prosecuted . 
  lying about everything ukraine-related since day one breeds suspicion , and for good reason . 
  hatred of russia is n't irrational for those who have to live near it . 
   i think joining crimea to russia was illegal . 
  but you are fooling yourself if you think that referendum voting was fixed . 
  you are a special kind of idiot if you think that russia allowed a fair and open referendum in crimea . 
  as if they would risk the referendum going against them, 
   as soon as these matters will be settled they will start degrading their ` friendship ' with russia russians fellating the chinese in an attempt to be friends does n't make it so . 
  china wants cheap energy and no headache from russia ; it would choose relations with the u.s. over relations with russia in a heartbeat . 
  really , the chinese are just taking advantage of an isolated and weak russia . 
  fears of a meaningful alignment beyond voting together at the unsc are really overblown-china does n't want to hitch it 's wagon to russia . 
  did not see that coming, 
  dead pigs ' lives mattered ? 
  ... what ? 
  at least corbyn admits that his ideas regarding nato/russia are too unpopular to become reality . 
  the euphoria at the idea of eliminating reliance on nato is a real wake-up call for the rest of us . 
  it 's too popular in europe to not happen . 
  the wise will see that 'd we be wise to force this decision earlier than europe is ready for , imo, 
  sort of concerns me that people in europe really do n't realize it , honestly . 
  no , i do n't think there will be a serious response-stakes too high . 
  but i think as long they want to do reckless shit like make threatening maneuvers with fighters against nato aircraft near the border , we can return the favor . 
  keeping them busy is more of a strain on them than it is on us , so why not ? 
  the concern i 'd have in your position is that west europe , notably germany , really is n't willing to defend a border that far east . 
  not that you are overloaded with better options , i 'm just saying that this , even though the best available , still has risks . 
  they do-they elected a president already , unusual circumstances or no . 
  all this talk now is because of the threat that they pose to the alliance in the first place . 
  just the left and center , which is the 2/3 of america that does n't support trump . 
  trumpets need no pushing , obviously, 
  i read your stuff-it does n't change the fact . 
  europe is an economic pole in the world , but it is a sideshow when it comes to the u.s. and china . 
  the only denial here is yours-the idea that you are a serious player on the world stage without heavy american backing is fanciful . 
  you 've chosen this path collectively , and it really should n't surprise you . 
  they 're not limited in their powers-their powers just derive from statute , while law in common law systems has a significant grounding in the common law . 
  civil law has less ambiguity , but the judges are n't necessarily weaker . 
  as for the dispute , someone asked if one parent could later disavow the claim made to help someone get asylum . 
  there 's a good candidate for one . 
  your friends in europe ca n't wait for the day that they do n't need nato , trumpets already hate it , and the euros are pushing the american left more and more to see that there is little future with europe . 
  counting on nato is really not a good plan now , if it ever war for ukraine ( doubtful ), 
  i do n't really understand what is admirable about this . 
  france acts small militarily , because it has to . 
  that 's the summary . 
  it 's fine , but i 'm not clear why is worthy of a politico article . 
  yea , but no one actually cares what you do globally , china included . 
  what are you going to do in asia , talk at them ? 
  be serious . 
  china is watching us with great interest ; they 're just hoping to sell you stuff , just like they want to do with everyone else . 
  policies being the harassment aspect, 
  i suppose making it a contract is the trick . 
  rechargeable plans do n't seem to be opting into the new regime early , anyway . 
  still , it 's really a pain having to get a new sim everywhere or deal with a place like lycamobile ( got ta love to hate them ) . 
  judicial authority is not that different in either system-the system itself is . 
  and yes , i can say that , because unless the germans are completely inept or unless that poster is wrong , no functioning system would allow a parent to block paternity/maternity testing in a dispute of this nature . 
  it 's the definition of stupid , and since i do n't think they 're inept , i 'm calling that claim wrong or at best incomplete .
