  it ca n't be popular . 
   sorry , is n't your exact claim that they are n't giving any shit regardless ? 
   so , what 's even the point ? 
  big , multilateral trade deals are n't as popular here as they seem to be on this sub . 
  the window dressing is a necessity before any politician will contemplate publicly supporting one . 
  the narrow interests that craft things like tpp do n't care about the fallout , but they have to give politicians something to wave in front of nervous constituents regardless . 
   well , certainly not your current one . 
  anyway , i 'm not sure if you are aware it . . why the comparison ? 
  strangely , the current one is more likely to challenge adherence to trade agreement requirements like the cambodia one . 
  indifference to international relations , sensitive to a political base hostile to trade agreements ; it 's a win-win for them . 
  competence is their big problem . 
  the others ... no desire . 
  the comparison is because you appear to assume that the eu is going to act differently . 
   but every one of your fears , again , at worst will result in . . current status . 
  no one 's going to shift their production to japan , so that 's probably true in this case . 
  i 'd say generally , though , that this attitude prevailed for a long time in the u.s. that , along with massive illegal immigration , are two big reasons why we now have trump . 
  i mean ... once it 's broken , you have to deal , however much it sucks . 
  it 's something we know quite a bit about at this point haha . 
  you 'll never put libya back together again , but keeping the problems from reaching you ? 
  different story . 
   p.s. 
  merci, 
  ... and why would we want to send them warsaw pact weapons ? 
  for real . 
  after what the u.k. did with us in iraq and afghanistan , there is nothing we could have said no to if they 'd asked , even if the leadership had wanted to . 
  this includes libya . 
  french concerns probably did n't matter nearly so much as british requests did , were i to guess, 
  because australia does not claim to have ascended into heaven and to look down upon the mere mortals , unlike some people, 
  ... why would we buy from ee ? 
  there 's hole no . 
  1 in that claim, 
  but do n't you know ? 
  we 're the ones engaging in protectionism and they 're the defenders of openness and the neoliberal order . 
  more of their hypocrisy at work, 
  like i said , i did n't dislike them . 
  i 'll go back eventually , and do austria + czech republic at the same time . 
  on balance , they were among the friendliest people i interacted with . 
  but this was particular to them . 
  you 're ignoring the basic question and hiding behind false outrage and belligerence . 
  i can only assume that you ca n't explain how , despite the quoted eu official ' claim to the contrary , this deal is a contrast to what trump seeks . 
  too much deflection for it to be otherwise . 
   yeah , not like laws are signed to mean anything . 
  / s they are . 
  problem is that , in this context , it 's window-dressing to make the agreement palatable in the first place and tamp down opposition . 
  your government might take a sincere approach to these things , but ours does n't , and no has any faith that it will . 
   then why giving even the slightest fuck to the enforcement of ttp , ttip , nafta , or whatever ? 
  i do n't put any stock in them , for a number of reasons . 
  the main is that in those treaties , complex enforcement mechanisms exist in order to protect the narrow interests that the treaties serve . 
  the problem with tpp/ttip is n't enforcement-it 's the mechanism . 
  nafta is a different animal . 
  there , the literal effects are the problem-not the non-existent enforcement mechanisms . 
  there is a reason that it 's cheered in mexico and canada , but derided in the u.s. , and it 's not because it 's had good effects on society ( whatever the reasons ) . 
   i laugh , because there 's not a single country in the world that in some way , somehow , you could n't say this . 
  idk about that . 
  you can read about it if you like-they were the absolute worst for a long time . 
  south korea played a similar game for a while . 
  strict standards designed to protect ( europe 's tactic ) vs , . 
  abuse of standards are different things . 
  it 's not the 80 's anymore , maybe it 's changed . 
  but you should at least be prepared to have to deal with it . 
   also also , i 'm not all that very sure there would be a lot of shipments of agricultural stuff in the first place . 
  given that 's what the treaty is supposed to focus on along with automobiles , it should . 
  japanese people like good cheese and such like everyone else , and if the deal makes it cheaper to buy it really will increase sales . 
  i know imported cheese is super-expensive here , even with the dollar strong and euro weak . 
   and that the sun is yellow , and that there 's another shitton else of stuff japan ( like everybody else ) depends upon . 
  few places have that sort of dependency , though , or the kind of pressure we had to apply to them . 
  just be aware of the favored tactics , which i 'm sure the eu people making decisions already are . 
  is it just to help the rest of europe ? 
  it 's to help yourselves i 'd think . 
  the rest of europe seems to be causing this problem for you , and this seems a way to fix it . 
  as for keeping friendly with whoever controls what parts of libya-sticks and carrots . 
  there 's always another group of lowlifes who would love to take their place and be more friendly . 
   if you are proposing to use the navy to push them back to libya i would like to recall that is an act of war . 
  i do n't think libya is going to storm sicily any time soon, 
  yes-only in child rape with dna . 
  international face does n't matter for most things here , if we 're being honest , whether it 's good or not . 
  it 's been unconstitutional to execute someone for child rape for decades though . 
  it 's just an example of why idiots like the other guy who make sweeping claims about it are driven more by emotion than reason, 
  calling us a friend is weird anyways . 
  our deal with germany is more or less solely designed to make sure they do n't go rabid on the rest of europe again . 
  as long they do n't , the rest does n't matter . 
  more like many assumptions made about what you do and do n't know , and what you think . 
  did not experience that particular thing elsewhere . 
  more sarcasm than anything , but the area around the train station really is shady . 
  i do see just another german acting as i 've seen them act routinely , though , which does n't surprise me . 
   what the fuck are you even rambling on about ? 
  this is like watching a teenager cry over nobody caring about his opinion . 
  good grief , grow up scamp . 
  eat a hamburger then go fondle some women or whatever you people like to do . 
  seriously , what is with the word scamp ? 
  are you the dad from some 1950 's movie ? 
  do people actually use this word elsewhere ? 
  let 's try again , either way . 
  here 's the quote from the article :  `` you can do good , fair , transparent and sustainable trade agreements where you win and i win , ** and not the american view , which seems to be , ` you lose and i win , ' '' ** malmstrom told reporters . '', 
  agreements like this one literally the only type of agreement that trump wants , therefore touting it as opposed to the `` american view '' makes no sense . 
  no one wants to address this , though , and instead appears happy to circlejerk over how much they hate the u.s. right now and ignore it entirely . 
  maybe you 'll be the first to explain why you think it makes sense for malmstrom to make that claim , but i 'm not optimistic . 
  here 's an actual knowledge bomb for you : you 're spelling emigrant incorrectly in a way that makes it unclear what you 're talking about . 
  emigrant , outgoing , immigrant , incoming . 
  so when you say :  it does n't really help if the emmigrants have more children , does it ... no one can know if you misspelled immigrants with an e , emigrants with an extra m.
