  this is a jumbled article . 
  the info is good , but it 's a jumble of problems uk has due to weaknesses in its own systems , currency problems and other cost issues , and a scattered few complaints about a few f-35 's already delivered . 
  lack of change in a system does n't mean anything . 
  and i doubt very much that the survivors are content with his current treatment . 
  you 're telling me that the swedish dmv keeps records of defects and problems in sweden 's military vehicles ? 
  why ? 
  only because the system allows him to make such demands . 
  he 's doing what i think anyone with sense would do in that position . 
  he 's a pariah who will stay in prison for life ; why would n't he be a pain in the ass ? 
  same thing in parts of germany . 
  germans too-not asylum seekers or whatever with nothing better to do . 
  homeless people are n't the only ones who become beggars, 
  please-letting a butcher like that live in relative comfort , sue constantly and waste everyone 's time and money while inflicting more pain on the many , many victims ' families is anything but the right thing to do . 
  tomorrow : the world . 
  you can make any movie about those events that you want . 
  no one here is going to care , despite opinions to the contrary . 
  again , outrage for outrage 's sake is not our thing . 
  you might want to pick different events/names for them , though ; garfagnana is alien to pretty much everyone here ( all of the italian front is ) , and ardennes is usually called the battle of the bulge here ( because the germans pushed the lines way back and it made a bulge ) . 
  oh yes-we are fucking gunning for those swedes . 
  getting this would be like hitting the jackpot ... of fake play-money for kids . 
  why would a transport office have info like special forces members and air force pilots ? 
  or people in witness protection ? 
  how is that possible ? 
  that ca n't be right . 
  there 's not an agency in the western world that has all this info in one spot ( possibly in the entire world ) . 
  not for lack of trying . 
  the really weird thing is that he surrendered and did n't kill himself or fight the cops . 
  the charleston shooter is pretty much a less-effective version of this guy, 
  you do n't need a middle ground . 
  just have to accept that some people ca n't be saved , and treat them accordingly so long as they in prison and ca n't threaten anyone . 
  people like ... this guy, 
  well , they are up in norway , so ... 
  i do n't think you know brotherly means . 
   i think you are quite alone with this theory . 
  you said `` nobody trusts the ukrainians not to steal and sell the lethal stuff '' , but i will show you both the house and the senate supported it . 
  that is quite a lot of somebodies representing their constituencies . 
  doing anything to oppose russia is reflexively popular , and opposing this as a concept ? 
  politically , no one could . 
  it 's the same reason countries with dubious reasons are allowed to join nato ( like montenegro ) . 
  obama , however , was facing embarrassment after iraqis and syrians let isis get their hands on american gear at the time , and the memory has carried over . 
  they are not the ones to take the blame if it goes south , though . 
  ever heard someone blame congress , not bush , for the iraq war , for instance ? 
  i think not . 
  they got to look good while taking no risk-of course they were unanimous . 
  i have no idea why trump does what he does , though , or why he 's continued to show the same caution . 
   see !, 
  obama is a commie who hates freedom , but the representatives of american people disagree with him . 
  see above . 
  obama is the only one who was actually accountable in this scenario , and it shows in his decision . 
   the word `` america '' falls in r/europe and minutes later a us citizen on duty appears at the scene to defend his continent . 
  defend our continent ? 
  continent ? 
  and they say that americans are geographically challenged . 
  i know that germans in the not-so-distant past had trouble understanding all of europe does not , in fact , belong to germany , but similar misunderstandings are not an issue here, 
  i 'd say it 's the second-most secure . 
  gb is an island in the middle of nowhere controlled by the military . 
  safe to say the risk of someone getting away is low, 
  brazil is the undisputed loser of the financial crisis-excluding maybe south africa . 
  and they are in absolute political turmoil on top of it . 
  i 'll believe they will be a global force when i see it . 
   gen. breedlove even found a deal where pakistan would trade their tow missiles for ukrainian apcs ( mentioning tow as these are old , so not so secret any more ) . 
  that does n't change the equation : american-made gear being siphoned off and winding up in some incident elsewhere . 
  also , the idea that we would count on pakistan not to use the info against us somehow is doubtful . 
  they ca n't be trusted for anything ; it 's not clear to me why they would even want to help . 
  there 's not even lip service paid to the pretend partnership with them anymore . 
  i get that ee sees themselves in ukraine 's spot , but ukraine is too big a mess to risk something like that . 
  sibling nation rofl . 
  the russians think they own ukraine , and ukraine despises russia . 
  brotherly haha . 
  they are brotherly like tibet is brotherly towards china, 
  brazil is a disaster right-they are no one 's definition of a rising power, 
   whiskey = irish ( + sometimes usa/canada and elsewhere ) sometimes ? 
  i 've never seen it without the e in my life . 
   this conflict is completely stupid and sad , these 2 nations are brother and sisters to one another yet they kill each others are your out of your mind ? 
  you need your head examined if you believe this . 
  russians started and now cheer for and lie to cover up a war against ukraine that started solely because putin is a fearful , insecure little bitch . 
  ukraine did nothing-literally nothing-to provoke russia , yet here we are . 
  you really ca n't start a serious thought with nonsense like this, 
   previous us administration did send military tech to ukraine , but they had a strange hickup of sending only things that do n't explode . 
  for example they sent really useful counter battery radars ( non-lethal aid ) , but did n't send anti-tank missiles ( lethal aid ) . 
  nobody trusts the ukrainians not to steal and sell the lethal stuff . 
  too many similar mistakes in iraq and syria made presidents sensitive to the criticism , especially after the iraqis literally threw off their uniforms and ran away from an outnumbered , outgunned isis force when it force took mosul . 
  ukrainians are paying the price for their own considerable corruption , and for the mistakes we made in other places, 
   there is nothing better then a proxy war to stimulate the local quality of living . 
  you mean the proxy war little happening right now ? 
  did you read the article ? 
  do you live under a rock ? 
   seems to be that if asking foreign troops to leave your territory is going to cause problems , than you already have pretty big problems . 
  they 're a small country , former ussr , with a decent share of ethnic russians and russian soldiers stationed in a `` breakaway '' region full of said ethnic russians . 
  safe to say they had problems before this vote , any former ussr region with these traits has big problems . 
   japanese have been campaigning for years for the usa troops to leave their soil . 
  yet , not once i have heard it being labeled as provocation by usa . 
  you need to read the news more carefully . 
  this is false ; okinawans complain about the base there . 
  okinawa / = / japan as a whole, 
   i think no one is okay with creating proxy-armed conflicts to keep people busy ... 
  i thought we moved past these things ... 
  this can not be a serious statement . 
   soo its completely ethical and true to the ideals of democracy to incite internal conflicts in other countries ? 
  oh no-you do a fine enough job of that yourselves .
