  probably pride or envy clouding better judgment . 
  and the russian fleet ... it had always been much weaker than ours , even in the soviet days . 
  they are not a maritime power and never have been . 
  only someone driven by emotion or unbelievably ignorant of this fact could think their `` fleet , '' especially back in the late 90 's when russia was in such disarray , had any real capabilities . 
  oh look , a foreigner that does n't know any better . 
  what are the odds . 
  ( bonus points to anyone who gets the reference ) . 
  for real though , people should n't comment on things they obviously know nothing about, 
  ... no , two facts that show that is less deadly and has less reach than those you claim it a greater threat than . 
  those things matter quite a bit in that analysis, 
   come on man , surely you do n't believe what you 're saying . 
  better subs does n't mean much when they subs are good enough to wipe out a portion of the globe anyway and it does n't mean you do n't want to know exactly how they work . 
  i do . 
  what difference does it make ? 
  we already have nuclear submarines designed to deliver nukes-more than the rest of the world combined , in fact . 
  they are not unknown to us , and it is extremely unlikely that anything radical would come out `` exploring '' such a sub that suffered an explosion and was sinking . 
  not only that , but the russians contracted dutch companies to raise it from the bottom . 
  not the actions of someone worried about nato spies . 
  really though , the idea that you can just ... examine a sinking sub in detail and at your leisure is crazy . 
  it would have been a good-will thing in the post-cold war era . 
   you 're saying you could have poked around a nuclear submarine that was surrounded by a russian fleet ? 
  really ? 
  damn , what kind of magic powers do you poses ? 
  yes , because the russian `` fleet '' was and is a rusty , incapable pile of junk that could n't even save its own sailors on its flagship nuclear sub . 
  pretending that it served any purpose other than to appear for the cameras is absurd . 
  as it was , the russians lost a nuclear sub with all hands . 
  not something to lose sleep over on our end , and if they were too proud to accept help , then it 's just more loss for them . 
  we build better nuclear subs than the russians , and did so back then . 
  so do the british , at minimum . 
  we 're not talking unknown alien tech here ; we 're talking about a sub that 's sinking . 
  and here 's reality : we could have poked around all we wanted , and there was n't shit russia could have done about it . 
  it was petty , prideful refusal that may have doomed men that might have been saved . 
  you 're a joke . 
  did you even read this ? 
  it 's an entire article that does not but pretend like there is a controversy about all the signs that the server was hacked . 
  it 's not anything . 
  like i said all along : just a tribal who ca n't accept anything outside the tribe , that the nation and world would be better off without . 
   tell us , what was there to praise of erdo\u011fan prior to 2015 ? 
  integrating the kurds further into the political system and bringing the levels of violence down were achievements in and of themselves . 
  the kurds were part of a political party with such broad support that it denied the akp total control of the government . 
  and when they had success through non-violent means ... erdogan ratcheted the violence back up in order to freeze them out of the legitimate political sphere and ensure that he kept all power in his hands . 
  you can sit and pretend like them being good citizens and participating in the electoral process was n't punished by erdogan all you want , but the rest of the world saw and will not indulge the same delusion . 
  exhibit a as to why he cast it aside for short-term political gain right here . 
  two facts that make them rather less dangerous than many of the groups in syria . 
  his time is coming, 
  thank china , the incoming savior of the world ( as anointed by this sub , for some reason ) . 
  we would have had to vaporize huge chunks of china to make it happen . 
   sounds like bullshit what , you do n't believe that the pkk leader took pics with non-existent crusaders ? 
  next you 're going to tell me that stannis is n't dead , you fucking conspiracy nut, 
   in fact : pkk is much older than every other armed group in syria and much more dangerous . 
  really ? 
  i do n't see them rolling their tanks across syria , leveling everything they see and killing people by the thousands . 
  erdogan threw away all the excellent progress he made towards peace , just see he could win in snap elections . 
  he 's a fucker , his pettiness is precisely why the pkk reverted to being so dangerous , and i really ca n't say that i blame them for seeing violence as the only path forward for them . 
  erdogan proved that they will get shat on the moment it 's politically-convenient to do so ; why would they play nice ever again ? 
   and eu and usa still refuse to call pkk a terrorist organization . 
  the turk-trolls are out in force with the lies and nonsense . 
  little mystery why they are viewed more favorably than the turkish government by many . 
   the fact that russia did not even have the proper equipment to try to rescue the sailors also became quite embarrassing at the time . 
  and absolutely refused to allow anyone else to try . 
   imagine someone made a movie about d-day which only featured kiwi troops . 
  you 'd also think `` what the hell , without us that would have never happened '' . 
  the french think just the same about dunkirk . 
  or ... i 'd think that they made it with that audience in mind , and not worry about it . 
  which is exactly what would happen . 
  the french can easily make a better movie ; i encourage them to do so, 
  i know that they can speak to you , question you , conduct searches of you/your property in the right circumstances , and arrest you . 
  idk why you think they are powerless without charges being pressed . 
  i did . 
  it was n't bad ; it just does n't belong among the list of all-time great war movies , or even close to it , as everyone keeps claiming . 
  i mean , really , people are comparing it to saving private ryan . 
  it 's a lot like when hurt locker or hacksaw ridge came out : effusive praise totally out of proportion to the reality of each . 
  which is fine . 
  you would never have had a policy where this only occurred after an official arrest , though , because of the bad incentives it creates, 
  only when it 's a convenient talking point to make supporters feel good . 
  the french guy was the second or third biggest hero in the movie . 
  maybe the pilots might rank higher , depending on how you rank it , but that 's it . 
  he was the biggest hero by far among everyone else, 
  i keep reading accolades like this . 
  i do n't see it . 
  way , way too much hype for what is just an ok movie . 
  and way too many whiny complaints about the french being glossed over . 
  only the homecoming at the end was really interesting, 
   in denmark , preliminary charges are extremely common , since it also gives a lot of rights to the charged person , for example the right to not self-incriminate and the right to not be questioned without an attorney present , there 's no way they do n't have these rights prior to being charged . 
  too many perverse incentives for law enforcement otherwise, 
  it 's only quick because it will be a regression to the average view in much of the country . 
  this will not be a forced or coerced shift like ataturk 's was, 
  no-the point is that the `` integrated army '' people have to let it work like the first example in order to be effective , but have the actual goal of making it look like the second example . 
  i still see situation where you see burden-shirking instead of burden-sharing ; the idea that you can spend less and get more collectively should be proof enough of that imo . 
  yes , it does . 
  there is no point to having dozens of air forces with redundant procurement , training , manufacturing , and logistical programs , for instance . 
  the one or two countries that can afford to do this properly have to do it , , or it will never be done efficiently or effectively . 
  just mixing a bunch of stuff together into one force game of thrones style is a great way to spend a lot of money on a lot of junk that 's not useful or needed . 
  your view that it is strategic suicide is frankly correct , but it 's just another reason that this magically-integrated , `` efficient '' eu army business is a lie peddled to justify doing even less than many are doing even now . 
  it 's not the same . 
  hollywood accounting assumes revenues that surpass expenses that are then minimized somehow . 
  amazon rarely has this happen in the first place . 
  there 's no wizardry to shrink revenues , because they just barely outweigh expenses ( when they even do ) . 
  wanting to believe something does n't make it so . 
  chavez was no wiser , smarter , or more capable than maduro .
