  good , frankly . 
   also let 's not forget that a lot of european countries had a non-aggression pacts with nazi germany . 
  not a bad thing-the big issue was that the germans obviously were n't sincere . 
   and some of them , like poland for example , did partition other countries with nazi germany . 
  that 's a real stretch in description . 
  more like the poles took important land in order to deny it to the nazis . 
  it is n't as if the poles and nazis were smoking cigars and drinking wine while carving up czechoslovakia . 
   there are many good movies about the d-day but only one about stalingrad , and that 's a german film . 
  [ um ... there 's one famous hollywood movie about it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enemy_at_the_gates ), 
  yea i do n't get the logic either . 
  unless you go to 20 % gdp , things do n't change, 
   then again it 's not egypt trying to end net neutrality , and if that happens in the us it will affect many other countries as well . 
  no , it will not . 
  fyi , you jerk yourself too long and too hard to your anti-american drumbeat . 
  do you even hear yourself , or realize how absurd you sound ? 
  we monitor the internet pervasively . 
  we do not censor it . 
  you just have to fucking deal , and i suspect you 've managed and that the internet has thrived despite it all . 
  yes-now that i know that sex dolls that look like little kids exist , i am the all-powerful odin . 
  those fools-should have said that even with american security guarantees , the eu could end up as toast . 
  i was happier before i knew that shit like this existed, 
  i think i can use the internet as i like without some fucker filtering things out for me . 
  and yes , we are far freer than anyone living in russia , china , or egypt . 
  i do n't count the chinese only because they showed the same disregard for their own people that the japanese and russians showed for theirs . 
  they killed somewhere between 500,000-800 ,000 of their own when they flooded the yellow river-just go slow the japanese . 
  people forget them in general because they make no effort to preserve and tell their own history , for political reasons . 
  fact is that the nationalists bore the overwhelming brunt of the fighting against japan , which is not something that the current ruling party wants to highlight . 
  it 's all part of the victim mentality russians are apparently taught to have since they are born there 's no truth in it , but that is of no concern to the russians, 
   i only closely followed their fleet situation . 
  imperial japan 's behavior was appalling . 
  they rivaled , and occasionally cases surpassed , the germans in barbarity and cruelty . 
  the nazis protected their own , at minimum ; the japanese behaved more like isis at it 's worst . 
  enslavement , mass reprisal killings , widespread use of human shields , appalling treatment of prisoners , and an absolute refusal to ever surrender . 
  in europe , it was n't uncommon to see a beaten force surrender ; even about 100k germans eventually surrendered to the soviets at stalingrad ( though it ended poorly for them ) . 
  the japanese ? 
  they simply strapped bombs to whoever lived on the islands the japanese garrisoned , shoved them at invading forces , and fought to the death . 
  even a smaller battle like tarawa had about 3500 entrenched japanese vs. 50kish americans-and a grand total of 17 surrendered after using up over 1000 of their korean slaves to slow the american advance . 
  there is a reason that almost everyone within living within 1,000 miles of japan despises it . 
  korea , china , vietnam , indonesia , various smaller islands in the pacific ... anywhere the japanese went , they are still hated today . 
  the pacific theater gets glossed over in many places because it was n't as bloody for most as the atlantic was , and because the nazis were just so comic-book evil . 
  but it was a nasty business made as nasty as possible by japan 's horribleness and refusal to ever surrender-even when defeat was guaranteed . 
  i just like that the other poster does n't believe you 're swedish . 
  you could post up some letters with dots on them and 99 % of humanity would n't know the difference ... except we 're in a sub full of swedish people , any one of which would question it if what you had said was incorrect somehow . 
  it 's a weird thing to challenge someone on . 
  people get accused of being russian shills pretending to be something else , but this must be the first `` shilling swede '' accusation in human history . 
  are you just posting random stuff ? 
  that 's got nothing to do with supposed us sanctions on eu anything, 
   due to the isolationist policy of the gdr , the population is rather homogenic . 
  homogenous , not homogenic . 
  trust me, 
  i 'll take that as a you ca n't point to any . 
  because there are none . 
  planned ? 
  we scheme on , comrade . 
  only efforts of big-penis not-gay putin keep glorious russia together still, 
  none of these people have ever heard of him though , i 'm sure, 
  that 's just you assuming that the sanctions are causing them to drop imports in the first place , which is a big assumption . 
  there 's an entire world to import from that can do this better than russia can , not just europe , and yet you 're instead seeing domestic production go up . 
  why ? 
  because when the ruble goes up , imports will rise again . 
  it 's a textbook example of why so many counties that are dependent on energy revenues struggle like this . 
  show me one sanction against an eu member due to this bill , or stfu . 
  bit harsh , would n't you say ? 
   the success goes beyond grain . 
  russia has fully substituted imports with domestic production of pork and chicken . 
  it has become a top producer of sugar beet ; greenhouse vegetable production last year was up 30 per cent on the year before . 
  gee ... could this be because the ruble is worthless , and they are hurting for cash due to this and low oil prices ? 
  the moment this is n't true , their ag sector will not be able to maintain it 's export capacity . 
  the resource curse, 
   it 's genuinly hard to get impeached as president . 
  it has never happened before ( it would have with nixon though if he had n't stepped down ) . 
  i doubt it 's going to happen . 
  two have been impeached . 
  one was clinton . 
  pence would never have had a chance to begin with . 
  he was the most hated governor in america , behind only chris christie . 
  his career was over . 
  the only reason that you or the rest of humanity not living in america knows who mike pence is is because of trump , with a few exceptions for people who follow transgender rights stuff intensely . 
  you truly show your deep understanding of how north korea acts , and what it 's vulnerabilities are , with your responses . 
  north korea has extremely limited access to the wider web , by choice . 
  this is not my opinion , it is a fact , and it is also a fact that their almost non-existent reliance on it renders them very difficult to harm through cyber attacks . 
  there is at least one fool in this conversation , and it is n't me . 
   that is not fair . 
  the us ic did n't make similar statements about that situation as it is making now about this one . 
  it 's more nuanced than you 're now implying . 
  it 's what 's tricky about the us government , it 's often difficult to find who said what . 
  it 's really not difficult : the intel community warned that all the wmd nonsense was n't credible , but the political establishment that compiled the nie ( back then , changed in 2005 ) ignored it all and put together what the top leaders apparently wanted said . 
  we 'll probably never know why, 
   it 's going to be really funny if it really happens . 
  yea , for all their bitching , you would be forgiven if you did n't realize that this * has n't even happened , nor is anyone even discussing it but them . 
   they saved you both feom nazis and commies , unlike some least unfortunate nations around you . 
  we are also the reason they were allowed to reunify . 
  who do they think got all the former allied powers-soviets included-to acquiesce ? 
  hint : not the eu , or some other half-existent bs like that, 
  payback time : poland divides germany ... with russia . 
  more popular than you think , especially in parts of western europe . 
  germany is the biggest offender , though . 
  not one sanction has been levied or even contemplated against them , and just look at their wailing . 
  they may not expel u.s. forces for their own selfish reasons , but it 's foolish to rely on them as a relevant part of nato . 
  obama papered over the differences with them as best he could , while trump brings them out in the open and acts like his usual self over those differences .
