  i say harass them relentlessly . 
  behave just as poorly as they do in the air . 
  see how they respond for a change . 
  strange way to phrase that . 
  is this true for non-eu residents ? 
  i 've found the cell phone plans here remarkably disjointed and divorced from the reality that moving between countries happens a lot . 
  it 's either recharge service as you go or buy a million sim cards-the idea that i want something that works in multiple places seems alien to the places i 've asked about it, 
  there 's no way that a court ca n't order blood testing regardless of consent . 
  the incentives for bad behavior are too strong otherwise . 
  no , you said : `` poland 's economy is 3x bigger while being a little smaller per capita . '', 
  which was surprising , as i would assume yours would be much larger per capita . 
  i hate them . 
  it happens, 
  you must be one of the thieves ' obnoxious friends , judging by your attitude here . 
  really , just vindicating the dislike i 'm developing for your country ( pre-existing ) and the people from there ( this is new , after actually having to deal with some of you ), 
  doubtful . 
  europe is the past , asia is the future . 
  we 'd be better served shifting sooner rather than later , really . 
  i will-the rest of humanity is right there with me . 
  only you and your ilk ca n't see it because , again , immune to reality . 
  you 're an embarrassment to me , the nation , and everyone associated with it , and you 're proud of it . 
  you frankly disgust the rest of us, 
  you said earlier that it was not higher , now you 're saying it is ( which is what i would expect ) . 
  russian butthurt-not surprising . 
  guess you missed the part where they are just con artists trying to steal people 's money . 
  i 'd rather they fuck off and not talk to me , but of course they did n't . 
  jordan ca n't afford to play such games . 
  refugees outnumber actual jordanians several times over , and it already has problems related to the balancing act it plays with the refugees and israel . 
  syria ... definitely can and will . 
  what loss is it , to push those people out or threaten to ? 
  the rest were n't opposed to it in the first place , though . 
  qatar also hosts al jazeera , which ksa and friends despise intensely, 
   if money is all that binds eastern europe to eu , then perhaps this extension was a mistake . 
  perhaps ambitions beyond money are the real mistake . 
  ca n't imagine that the current state of affairs was envisioned back when the east first joined . 
  you make military training sound so noble and glorious , but the fact is they fled conflict . 
  they do n't want to go fight someone else 's war , which is why they left in the first place . 
  they would never agree to it , and if they did , they 'd simply refuse to fight and you 'd see the same problems that plague the iraqi and afghan armies . 
  you 're much more likely to create skilled terrorists ready to strike the west for forcing them back into conflict than in creating an effective proxy force . 
   i believe that eu is capable of building well-equipped refugee camps in peaceful parts of syria , for example . 
  it is not as if war engulfs the entire territory . 
  you 'll just give russia and syria a massive pressure point to use against you and really anyone who happens to be in the path of the refugees . 
  much like turkey right now . 
  better to put it somewhere more reliable , if this is the solution . 
   even if czechia and co. do cave and accept refugees , i do n't see how that could possibly turn out well . 
  czechs on both a personal and a governmental level have every incentive to make sure it 's a disaster because it would prove they were right ( or at least make it very easy to argue that they were right ) , which would likely protect them from future interference . 
  now this is a man/woman who has lived under a republican ( gop ) government at some point . 
  same playbook , and i fully agree that 's what will happen . 
   you have hungary with rightwing govt and slovakia with a left , both with common sense policy towards migration . 
  it 's really just a disagreement with the west , right ? 
  slovakia would probably take some , but as i understand it the real fear is that there will be more and more coming with no end in sight if they agree to take an allocated percentage . 
  that was my thought . 
  french cops are armed like soldiers , really , and from what i saw always work in pairs at minimum . 
  a hammer attack on them is just hilarious as a concept, 
  there does n't necessarily need to be a natural ally , i guess . 
  russia is obviously not a natural ally , and as long the eu remains in its current form or expands , it 's obviously a major enemy . 
  for all the griping about america wanting to destroy the eu , russia is really the one who wants to tear it apart . 
  china is n't going to be either . 
  it will use its growing clout to extract more and more onerous conditions from foreigners doing business in china , probably exert increasing pressure on its neighbors , and in the long-term balkanize the internet to everyone 's detriment . 
  those are just the obvious trends . 
  not friend , but too far away to be a true foe . 
  i do n't really know , though . 
  well , here 's one answer : not to try and trick people into handing over euros like a common thief , as our ruskie friends were doing . 
  sad part is they are running the same scam that indian ladies use in paris . 
  pathetic , honestly . 
  i mean , there 's history , and there 's important history . 
  post-wwii portugal is just in the latter category in the grand scheme of things . 
  surprising that even with the post-war boom , you did n't really experience major growth , though . 
  just being close to the west and not being a su client should have put you ahead of poland, 
  they 're not the only russians i know , of course . 
  one was on her way to becoming a civil rights lawyer , which is an extremely dangerous and thankless job in russia . 
  no doubt the rude , asshole overwhelming majority that love putin and russia 's antics in ukraine will be happy if something ever happens to her . 
  the fact that they resort to crap like running people over and stabbings over in europe tells me that it is , frankly . 
  i am being fair . 
  you have no idea what public joke and embarassment trump has been here for decades . 
  he 's not some unknown maverick . 
  anyone that helped give him power is very deserving of all the contempt heaped onto them, 
  i wo n't deny it on this topic . 
  portugal is seen as an affluent coastal nation in western europe . 
  per capita gdp on par with poland is rather surprising, 
   furthermore , the current deal being formulated to sell the so called resulting `` good bank '' ( named `` novo banco '' ) , requires a public guarantee , and a deal with institutional creditors to downgrade debt . 
  yea , op 's description was really just too good to be true . 
  the idea that a buyer would take on a distressed bank willingly without any backstop against prospective losses is wishful thinking , and amounts to a private bailout of the distressed entity . 
  if the plan really is for a private actor to swoop in and assume that risk , then the plan really does n't seem like a good one in all honesty, 
  and yet , they still vote republican . 
  they are just so hateable, 
  it 's not the same thing . 
  states can make any policy they want , within their power and that 's not pre-empted by the feds ; they are not going to sign a treaty or anything . 
  it 's not the same . 
  it does :  no state shall enter into any treaty , alliance , or confederation ; grant letters of marque and reprisal ... 
  does n't matter , though . 
  they can set whatever policies they want , within their power . 
  signing a separate treaty or joining an alliance is really not what 's being discussed here, 
   however the eu and the us are still by large the best natural ally for each other from the economic , cultural and political point of view . 
  jesus you are poor , then, 
   if you had been following the news , you would have known this . 
  so what are you actually talking about ? 
  you confuse talk with action , and i imagine that the hard-core federalists on this sub find such a conflation comforting . 
  you and i both know , however , that neither france , nor germany , nor anyone else * really * wants to put in the resources needed to make the eu self-sufficient on the defense front . 
  keep pretending otherwise , though .
