  we 've somehow persevered . 
   george w. bush unfortunately , this is not true for him . 
  w got a quite a lot done : no child left behind , massive tax cuts , medicare prescription drug coverage expansion , withdrew from the abm treaty and the kyoto protocol , rammed through the patriot act , invaded iraq , the initial bank bailouts-and these are just the ones i can think of off the top of my head . 
  bush was many things , but a weak president unable to move legislation was n't one of them, 
  realistically , not working and getting on a program like medicaid could be more profitable for someone like you than getting a job paying an average wage that also provides health insurance in a given year . 
   people in the us have an illness based philosophy . 
  ie , i 'll do something once the illness gets too bad and/or do n't go unless you are really ill . 
  many like to attribute this to insurance , but it 's more of the ' i do n't need a doc ' mentality than that . 
  no , it 's not . 
  it 's because even a small chance of avoiding incredible expense is worth the risk . 
   europeans , and most countries with some sort of universal healthcare are in the preventive medicine business , so will encourage people to see a physician as symptoms arise . 
  preventative care is n't a profit-engine , so doctors do n't give a fuck about it here . 
  that 's reality . 
   hospitals are required by emtala ( american federal law ) to treat people in emergencies ( which would definitely include severe infection ) regardless of payment ability , so it 's not a matter of access to care . 
  emergency rooms-not the entire hospital or whatever you may think , just er 's - are required to stabilize you before they shove you out the door . 
  that 's it . 
  and they still charge you a fuckload of money for it . 
  it is n't free . 
  not hard to see why people are hesitant to take advantage of it, 
  the only things more expensive here are imported things , which are also crazy expensive there . 
  the prices stores ask for imported american food there are pretty ballsy imo, 
   i do n't see much to bitch about . 
  for one thing , the poster who claimed that it 's more expensive here has no idea what they are talking about if they compared trader joe 's to aldi . 
  trader joe 's is the opposite of discount store-it is an upscale chain that is often among the most expensive option available no matter where you are in america . 
  i have no idea why anyone would think otherwise , but it 's pretty good evidence to me that that person has 0 reasonable basis for their claims . 
  that , and i have been all around western europe , and know for a fact that food is cheaper here . 
  especially compared to germany , where the person making that claim is from-about the only people who could possibly think food here is expensive live in italy , spain , or maybe somewhere east of germany . 
  no , that just means that you share gas networks ... 
  i get the point you made in most recent post , but all the stuff before it did n't have anything to do with it , and in fact meant the opposite, 
  you are out of your mind if you think things are more expensive here . 
  higher for the poor . 
  for those who are not ... it 's the promised land, 
  making turkey a strong and independent power i see . 
  the un does n't tell anyone to do anything , because it ca n't make anyone do anything . 
  it asks , urges , requests ; it does n't give orders . 
  acting like it does will just piss people off, 
  anyone ? 
  do you seriously think that norway would prefer import oil from saudi arabia ? 
  or that we would prefer to get it from russia over canada ? 
  this is just another example of how justified we are in viewing much of europe with skepticism when it comes to russia . 
  saying `` we 're willing to run the risk/put up with risk '' is one thing , but pretending like there 's no risk in depending on a place like russia is really something, 
  you should be happy about it-pretending to be neutral and all , it 's exactly what you want, 
  being surrounded and protected by the u.k. 
  does n't mean they are n't on the periphery, 
  no , but google is your friend . 
  it 's not a mystery that there are n't enough lng exports in all the world to solve that problem , though . 
  ... if you had only heard good news most of your life , you would n't be a pessimist ... 
  yea , imagine the level of butthurtedness that would instill in people like you . 
  the universe might collapse in on itself . 
  even mentioning the possibility is causing cosmic instability, 
  yea , i keep seeing the term used when it so obviously does n't describe the situation . 
  a form of doublespeak imo, 
  nope . 
  there is n't enough lng capacity on planet earth to fuel we , let alone capacity in europe itself . 
  that is n't actually an option, 
  true , actually . 
  guess russia is itching for an excuse to harass georgia, 
  you ca n't find an account without a monthly fee ? 
  that 's surprising, 
  they are now . 
  still a small portion of all jobs in the country , and contractors are growing more and more common . 
  for once , this really is n't an american problem . 
  it 's something venezuela caused for itself , and something that it needs to fix itself . 
  no excuses or scapegoating us this time , for maduro or the clowns in venezuela and elsewhere who support him , or their supporters . 
  consequences lol . 
  there are no consequences when the eu does n't agree , and everyone knows it . 
  just look at this thread-not everyone is mad about the proposed ( not even existing , mind you-just theoretically authorized ) sanctions, 
  very true, 
  honestly , no one cares if ireland gets 100 % from russia or not . 
  they 're tiny , on the periphery , and not in nato-it makes no difference where they get it from . 
  not much of a fight . 
  europe is happily dependent on russian gas , and will remain so for the foreseeable even if it was n't doing things to actively deepen that dependency, 
  it 's a legislature in name only-it 's members ca n't even propose a bill within the limited power given to it by national governments , while the biggest decisions still require unanimity among member states . 
  and even so , it still does n't change the nature of what the eu is, 
  nincompoop is like combining the insult of a 5 year old with the old-timey talk of an 80 year old . 
  you can do better on the insult front , alex salmond, 
  they wo n't be at rock bottom for long when our oil goes to higher-prices markets overseas . 
  we 'll just have to compete with them , whereas we did n't before, 
  something not having been decided is no barrier to people on this sub pretending otherwise . 
  this is a small example ; the wailing about us sanctions on ns2 are the biggest one , though . 
  it does not . 
  if you do n't work in a unionized workplace or have a written/oral contract promising otherwise , you can be terminated without cause in any state in america . 
  same basic anti-discrimination rules apply everywhere, 
  just because some eu officials are elected does not magically transform it into something it is n't . 
  so what if you chose to have tighter democratic controls over the regulatory process , or over intergovernmental processes ? 
  that 's a change in form , not function . 
  you should do the same , except read an american source , because the hysteria over there is causing you to miss the obvious about this . 
  i think you mean bad news, 
  there are literally no regulations related to firing . 
  do n't fire people for discriminatory reasons and do n't retaliate against whistleblowers is it in most places . 
  union jobs are so rare in the us that it does n't matter, 
  we do not , and have never had , any prohibition against using nukes first . 
  it 's part how deterrence works : promising to let them fly first is very persuasive in making people not attack you in the first place, 
  lol is that the line they 're telling you these days ? 
  and it fucking works . 
  bask in our success, 
  easy for a dane that 's a nice long distance away to dismiss it as paranoia , no doubt . 
  also , i ask again : what did the `` people who know russia , '' as you describe them , know that we did n't ? 
  what gain to russia did they see that we ca n't ? 
  why did such a series of events make sense to them ?
