  there 's not enough shamelessness in the universe for the trumpets to claim that we need to search an irish person 's phone before letting them in . 
  even to them , that would be stupid and embarassing, 
  did n't see that coming before clicking the link, 
  unrelated : since he understands some english , y' all need to discuss why your flags are so similar , and decide which one of you is going to change in order to solve that problem . 
  i 'm not saying it 's easy to get them confused ... but it 's easy as shit to get them confused , and do you really want to be confused with russia ? 
   why not just write `` i hate them all they 're all criminals i 'd never let them in '' ? 
  i mean that 's an established narrative amongst some in europe anyways , yeah ? 
  i do n't think that denying entry to a man ( let 's be real-it 's almost always older men marrying some little girl ) who married a girl 16 or younger is unreasonable , and acting like it 's a pretext for other prejudices is itself unreasonable . 
  i 'd rather we offered the child-bride an opportunity to escape by coming here and leaving the other one out to dry . 
   let 's say that some guy immigrates . 
  do you disallow family reunification for a woman that he is probably responsible for supporting ? 
  ... why would we let some pedo-tastic dickwad married to a child-bride immigrate here at all ? 
  it 's bad enough that we have to allow religious lunatics here engage in this practice ; we hardly need more of it . 
  and if we find out that said immigrant entered into one , or that he lied about it in any way ... out he goes . 
   selling goods in pounds and ounces welcome back to the dark side . 
  the imperial system endures haha for real though ... this is either the dumbest satirical piece ever , or the most depressing poll results ever . 
  i do n't see how people can disagree with the sentiment . 
  here , we fly the flag at half-staff when something like this occurs-the paris attack , the belgium attack , the massacre in turkey a few months back , others i 've probably forgotten . 
  i honestly ca n't remember the last time the flag was n't at half-staff for more than a day or two-and that 's just due to attacks or tragedies in a select few places . 
  before that , only on historical dates ( december 7 , september 11 , stuff like that ) , but now it 's done so often that people do n't even know why we 're doing it ( which particular event led to it that particular day ) . 
  it loses its meaning quickly . 
  probably the same idea in this situation : either do it for all and render it meaningless , pick and choose and cause problems in doing so , or just do n't do it . 
  seems an easy choice, 
  it 's not about fighting religion . 
  our government grants religious exceptions because no one wants to decide what qualifies as a `` religion '' or `` church , '' and what does n't , but they are also unwilling to stop giving special treatment to those that are widely-practiced . 
  it 's the same reason we do n't tax them , and why we see nonsense like peyote-smoking and refusing to pay taxes at all popping up as religious exceptions to the rules applicable to everyone else . 
  people are n't willing to eliminate favorable treatment for some religions , so all are entitled to certain special treatment as a result . 
  liberty or death is good too . 
  france seems to have a better idea than some of what a motto is and is supposed to do , though . 
  like england/uk ; if you told me that was their motto , i would swear it was incomplete or something . 
  sweden 's also seems weird , but i bet that 's a translation thing, 
   i 'm not surprised . 
  made the mistake of going to marrakesh with my bf at the time and got harassed by large groups of young men whenever we entered the main square . 
  i studied abroad in morocco years ago ( 2008 ? 
  ) - spent six months there , most in marrakech . 
  lived with a moroccan family in marrakech for four of the six , took the bus around town , the works . 
  ( taking the bus in a new place is a big deal for us americans-public transit is n't big here ) . 
  everyone was cool to me , but they made no secret of their dislike for homosexuality , or really anything outside the typical gender roles . 
  we had these `` intercultural dialogue '' sessions where we could talk with the moroccan students about whatever they wanted ( students only ) . 
  even among this mostly younger crowd , homophobia seemed to be the norm . 
  have to wonder how many just agreed or kept contrary opinions quiet in order to avoid harassment , though . 
  had you been a straight couple , you probably would have been fine . 
  gay couple visiting , though ? 
  all i can say is that you ( presumably ) live in the eu-there 's got to be a hundred better places there for an openly-gay couple to visit than anywhere in morocco, 
  that 's not fair-there are millions of and millions of germans , brits ( what a weird stereotype , btw ) and frenchies ( ditto-wtf kind of stereotype is that haha ) that break their respective stereotypical molds . 
  the ten people in luxembourg , though ? 
  they exist specifically to help other people dodge taxes . 
  stereotype is the wrong word to describe it, 
  a turk calling a pole a fake european . 
  that 's irony there, 
  jokes on you , euros . 
  ohio gave us bush and helped give us trump-we would n't lift a finger for fucking ohio, 
  just like how i know why the netherlands is also apparently called holland . 
  i mean i know why , of course-i just want to test if you know . 
  most of it . 
  whatever anyone thinks of what 's going on in the middle east and afghanistan , we could stop wasting time with both with no real issues . 
  korea and japan are the only other places that require a real american presence , and we do n't really have to keep forces at home for anything beyond r&r and maintenance . 
   the usa and russia trade . 
  we really do n't , though . 
  trade between us and russia is barely a rounding error, 
  i know what it is and why it 's useful , but even other americans do n't use it . 
  they say `` you guys . '', 
  y' all marks someone as southern in the u.s. 
  where did you find the u.s. flag for the flair ? 
  i looked under edit my flair , but saw like 50 swiss flags plus every other flag on earth but ours, 
   ca n't think of any juicy stuff for y' all seeing russians and other non-southern americans use y' all is quite surprising . 
  did n't think anyone else used it, 
  is this real ? 
  your inability to make simple connections between concepts and apply to them situation discusses is your failing , not mine . 
   if a us sub would sink ... would any other country be allowed to get near it in case the us was not in a position to help those aboard ? 
  depends on who , and the circumstances . 
  for something like this ? 
  yes , especially other nato countries . 
  you vastly overestimate how thoroughly you can examine a sub that is literally already under the water , and is sinking . 
   and stop with the chestbeating , half of pentagon would have cut their dicks off to get their hands on the kursk . 
  hunt for red october style ? 
  maybe . 
  sinking into the ocean ? 
  for what purpose ? 
  the only thing we 'd really want to know is how to figure out where nuclear subs are hiding when they submerge . 
  there is nothing on the sub itself that can reveal that info , though . 
  you do n't seem very aware of what these subs are , and how they work . 
   you seem unable to accept any idea but your own , all you do is talk about how great your navy is and how there 's no interest in the us military to find out anything at all about the biggest threat facing the us at any given time . 
  if you get downvoted then it means there 's a downvote brigade . 
  you seem unable to analyze the situation in a reasonable manner . 
   can you just entertain the idea that you are simply wrong ? 
  sure . 
  not this time , though . 
  i just see someone ignorant of these kinds of things making statements that seem reasonable , but have no basis in reality given how events unfolded . 
  in the paranoid , circlejerk world of reddit ? 
  of course . 
  i doubt that very much , and encourage you to think about why it does n't make sense to arrest someone with any evidence obtained via a search , or why the logistics of no arrests without charges are impossibly strict in the real world . 
  in no way was that the problem with dunkirk . 
  frankly , if this is seen as a masterpiece abroad , i can see why american media is so popular abroad . 
  it 's not worth it ... because you are wrong , no matter what the downvote brigade thinks . 
  we had nothing but goodwill to gain ( even in the unlikely event that a rescue could occur ) , nothing to lose , and it 's no mystery that our navy far surpasses others in capabilities due to spending . 
  which included an entire fleet of nuclear subs ; literally , every sub we have is nuclear . 
  it 's ignorance to think there was anything to gain from trying to rescue people on a sinking sub . 
  did you miss the part where it was sinking ? 
  it 's not a pleasure tour .
