  people do order online through the mcdonalds app , though , so you can save time that way if you want to . 
  oh yea , it 's mostly chip now . 
  not really an issue though . 
  they 'd work fine . 
  cards are frankly more accepted at home than in netherlands , where no one seems to take credit cards . 
  mcdonald 's at home is just not nice enough to bother with doing that though, 
  fun fact : american mcdonalds do n't have these , for the most part . 
  saw them for the first time in france, 
  because of us , of course . 
  why else, 
  is n't it obvious ? 
  spreading information that they would otherwise face sanction for spreading . 
  you are alone in thinking that anonymous sources have no value beyond disseminating a hidden agenda, 
  or politicians saying private what they wo n't say publicly . 
  not a novel concept , really, 
  the paris agreement is peripheral to our success . 
  as for less integration ... you have a veto , yes ? 
  the first part is not the end of the world , if you do n't plan to be operating indepdently far from home . 
  the second part is weird ; those are all easily remedied really . 
  as do many of us . 
  probably true , but from all reports france is capable enough to work with us/uk without any problems . 
  was n't the case in afghanistan for every participant . 
  i 'm surprised they can find their own equipment on the market , though . 
  do they mean bum it off soldiers from other countries ? 
  they 're just passing through is all . 
  the german highway to paris, 
  i mean , every nato head of state was there , or some high-ranking replacement . 
  do you actually think all the security was just for him ... ? 
  one might say that we made english great again, 
   besides , `` real ` muricans '' would n't care about the economic impact - `` muh freedoms '' and `` no more libtards '' would over rule any pleas to look at the bottom line . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  watch what happens when someones threatens their medicare , medicaid or ssd . 
  they care very much about what the productive regions do for them-they just do n't want it done for anyone else . 
   if it actually came to the crunch i suspect the entire left coast plus great lakes states would seriously consider joining up with canada , but probably not actually go through with it . 
  maybe the great lakes would . 
  i doubt canada would want the north east . 
  nyc alone would be too heavy an impact on their political balance and there is no way nyc would put up with being anything other than a dominant partner - and that would go badly inside canada . 
  who said anyone would ask canada ? 
  i find it funny that agnostic at best europe rings church bells , but they exist for decoration ( if at all ) in the us . 
  pretty sure pr systems are better by default . 
  a system designed to elect a leader without even plurality support is messed up . 
  even dictators who hold fake elections know that majority support ( or the illusion of it ) brings legitimacy . 
  you have constant upheaval and polarization when an unpopular minority is favored by a broken system, 
  more than one . 
  truth is , though , that murica ca n't form a viable nation on its own . 
  landlocked , sparsely populated , comparatively poor and very uncompetitive . 
  they ca n't go it alone despite all their bullshit . 
  texas is the only red state that could form a viable nation on its own . 
  the southeast might be able too , but it 's debatable . 
  new england , much of the great lakes , and the west coast could form their own entities . 
  many would join canada . 
  you 're also right-the hate is real . 
  murica hates the prosperous urban majority . 
  the urbanites did n't care about murica much before trump-now , they are biggest enemies the nation has . 
  better add the caveat that this does n't include frankfurt . 
  pretty city with nice people , but i 've never seen so many beggars and homeless people in my life , and i 've spent months in morocco . 
  never expected to see that in germany . 
  technically obama sold the weapons . 
  the deals are just inked during the trip to give trump a fake win and an easy headline . 
  even this tired left him so `` exhausted '' that he had to skip some event that was scheduled for him, 
  do you really think we do n't tell them they are welcome to leave ? 
  you think nothing happens in football ? 
  try watching baseball sometime, 
  nfl is supposedly reducing ad time because viewership began to fall . 
  games just lasted too long thanks to all the play stoppages and commercials, 
  our views on what your country 's changes would be ? 
  no one here has an opinion on it for fairly obvious reasons . 
  that 's why you were asked in the first place, 
  immigrants do n't lose their accents here . 
  why would they want to ? 
  same for those learning elsewhere-no need to lose the accent . 
  it 's both confusing and disappointing when i hear someone speak with a british accent and then learn that they 're just a poser from somewhere else . 
  also , i do n't get why people try to copy an accent in the first place . 
  it makes no sense, 
  not gon na lie-sounds like he was a nut who just did n't pay his taxes and drove without a valid license, 
  well l 'll technically be in haarlem for a few days and commuting into amsterdam , so that 's a good thing to hear . 
  the only places i thought might be a concern were france and italy . 
  i 've never met a european who did n't speak english , but those two have reputations as either not speaking it or refusing to . 
  probably the same one . 
  it 's just too much for people too think that he is barely literate , but the signs are there . 
  explaining what would change for you if you did what op asked is arguing about military stuff ? 
  and you called someone else unreasonable-that 's amusing, 
  you have no reason to make any assumptions about kushner , ivanka , or anyone else believe or want , and it 's naive to think otherwise . 
  look up the video of his deposition where he reads a portion of a contract . 
  it 's questionable how well he can read , without joking or exaggeration, 
  i 've never seen anyone wearing a burqa here , although the head covering is relatively common . 
  there is no way that anywhere in america ( which has almost no muslims at all ) has more people wearing burqas than anywhere in syria, 
  austria has these people too ? 
  i sort of assumed these lunatics were an american phenomenon, 
  wo n't lie , i chose to make amsterdam part of my upcoming trip in part because it has a reputation as a city where people all speak english fluently . 
  not a big factor , but when there 's tons to see and limited time , things like that can matter, 
  respect preference , do n't judge , yada yada . 
  asking dudes to pick the best looking old guy currently in government is going to get answers like that for fairly obvious reasons, 
  an hour or two ? 
  really ? 
  surely it 's more to cross a place like germany or france ? 
  it takes me four hours to drive back to my hometown , and i do n't live in a particularly vast state . 
  askeurope-not askanamerican ... 
  besides , maybe they have an unnatural hatred for one place in europe for some reason . 
  it 's entirely possible that a country can be dull , boring , and viewed as a necessary but unpleasant step to getting somewhere else .
