  i still find it amusing to read stuff like that, 
  trump , putin , and this guy-all in one room . 
  enough headlines for a year, 
  well , yea-the problems exist no matter what happens with the press briefings . 
  just waste less of everyone 's time while doing it is the only real change . 
  all the contradictory nonsense and soundbytes played over and over only add to the clutter anyway . 
  contradicting trump no longer matters , since nothing the administration says has any merit , so it truly is just noise at this point . 
  actually , the biggest effect is how much it detracts from everything else that the republicans are trying to do . 
  his supporters ca n't see how many unforced errors trump and friends have committed on the domestic front alone , but everyone else can . 
  racial or religion persecution . 
  you 're looking for persecution , not prosecution, 
  honestly , trump and friends are so unable to conduct press briefings properly that it might be for the best until he 's gone . 
  trump does n't brief his own staff on what he 's doing , why he 's doing it , or what he wants conveyed to the press ; there 's not much of relevance coming out of them anymore , and no one puts stock in what the administration says anymore anyways . 
  comey 's firing is just the most recent example, 
  an eternal enemy that 's existed for a fraction of russia 's own existence , but is still somehow an eternal enemy . 
  quite a feat , really, 
  none of that changes the fact that they secure control over , not access to , resources , in an exclusionary rather than exploitative process . 
  it 's not surprising to see anxiety over it . 
   that 's the difference between western and eastern europes as well . 
  do n't want to generalise too much , but most easterners do n't feel much collective guilt if any . 
  you should feel guilt for spelling generalize like a dirty redcoat 2 . 
  the east seems more like a victim than a perpetrator , on balance ; easy to see why collective guilt has n't taken root . 
  as time passes , you will probably more introspection . 
  oh right i forget that people elsewhere sometimes call the continent itself america ( we do n't do this ), 
  `` rebels put out of their misery '' again , that dead-end mentality . 
  brutalizing people who do n't want to be ruled is weakness , not strength . 
  wherever this was n't done , gorbachev deserves credit . 
  `` possible to contain '' russia is `` contained '' because it 's much weaker than the west , and because it refuses to stop trying to coerce and threaten its western neighbors into not doing what 's best for them ( integration with eu ) . 
  these threats and russia 's weakness are why you 're surrounded by nato . 
  if you were n't doing this , there 'd be nothing to contain at all, 
   just compare our gdp today and its miles better . 
  so why remember gorby well ? 
  putin did nothing to make oil and gas prices rise . 
  gorbachev does n't have to be loved , but thinking that he caused russia 's problems is a denial of the problem-the logical corollary to thinking putin really made magic happen in the oil markets . 
  the ussr 's dissolution was a humanitarian windfall for most of humanity . 
  russia 's problems are russia 's problems . 
  the two do n't equate , and thinking that they do is a form of deflection and denial, 
   before you cut yourself on that edge and have to go to a non-free doctor ... you do realize one of the greatest indicators of republican support is `` completed college '' and one of the greatest indicators of democratic support is `` never completed high school '' right ? 
  you realize you 're wrong ? 
  http://www.people-press.org/2015/04/07/a-deep-dive-into-party-affiliation/ higher education levels are highly correlated with being a democrat . 
  something about not being ignorant and some capacity to think critically , i suppose, 
   stop what exactly ? 
  like i said , something about it pisses you off , and since you 're a prick , i like it . 
   but he only destroyed our country , made us poorer and weaker in everything . 
  and this mentality is why russia remains a fucked-up backwater that brings nothing but grief to everyone around it . 
   and this also describes exactly the relationship between the west and africa , but i doubt too many people oppose western ownership of africa 's resources . 
  people have a bigger problem with the way china uses resources it secures . 
  private companies sell them on the market at market prices , barring special cases like de beers . 
  chinese companies tend to horde them in order to ensure a supply at home and restrict supply abroad . 
  rare earth metals are the best example, 
  whatever you say , but i wonder :  usamerican why do you write it like this ? 
  never seen anyone do that before, 
  people get discounts for providing power back to the grid during the peak times in some places , but i can tell you that our power companies are looking to kill solar panels-not work with them, 
  i ca n't say why they blended into american culture so quickly , just that they did and that the cultural acceptance of them among americans happened pretty quickly . 
   however , you 'd get along with them very well because of the similar values latin america/mexico has with na . 
  believe it or not , both have a cultural conservatism on the same wavelength as rural america . 
  mena immigrants were never numerous , but they fit into rural america rather well . 
  not anymore though-not the best place for them . 
  i wo n't lie : knowing that my country pisses people like you off in some way , and that you/your country is powerless to do anything about it , is gratifying in cases like yours . 
  not with people who are n't assholes , though, 
  please , only wealthy people who derive their income from sources other than labor should ever contemplate voting republican, 
   no one who has even a basic idea of greek crisis can seriously believe that greece would have been better on its own or if it was left up to the market . 
  all the defenders ignore the basic fact that inter-eu transfers are not going to come without strings attached ( if at all ) . 
  greece got rather harsh terms from people purporting to `` help , '' and i am just skeptical that money will flow freely without similar ( if less restrict ) requirements in the future . 
  there 's not a mosquito net store down the street from many rural areas there . 
  getting things there is more costly than the product itself . 
  at minimum , you 've got a large collective action problem ( logistics ) that these charities take care of . 
  you have to walk before you can run , and if basic stuff is n't take care of first development and progress will never follow, 
   which is ironic , seeing that most of the states on the receiving end are deeply red . 
  it 's a deliberate tactic-assuming you 're european , you would not believe how draconian some of these requirements are in my state . 
  it 's done in part to keep as many people on the resentful side as possible . 
  every state has cutoffs , but none produce the eligibility gap that red states do . 
  the strange part is that they seek to punish those on the right side of the cutoff rather than seek the same benefits for themselves despite that fact that we could afford it with ease, 
  gdp per capita is a famously accurate way to judge standard of living , particularly in bastions of economic equality and clean governance like ukraine and russia . 
   why ? 
  having a weak economy or high unemployment is not at all the same as becoming a failed state . 
  easy to envision people suggesting better uses for the funds , and seeking assurances that it will be used well if provided . 
  whether you see greece as precedent or not , it 's hard to deny that this basic motivation underlies this situation just as it did in greece . 
   you have a similar system in the states . 
  this is the main reason why i doubt your optimism . 
  our transfers are anything but unconditional-conditions are actually very draconian , political , and frankly unfair to most people . 
  playing on the discontent generated against those who make the cut by those who just missed it is a major source of political discontent here ; it 's a big part of what lets the gop thrive , actually . 
   it makes no sense to pour money into what has essentially become a failed state of corruption and beaurocratic hypertrophy without demanding substantial changes . 
  there 's no reason to think that future transfers will not contain similar demands , and every reason to think otherwise . 
  moreover , those were loans , not even transfers of the sort discussed here . 
  i would be very surprised if proposals along these lines were n't conditional in a similar manner , if less draconian . 
  how people respond who knows , but the idea that the richer parts of the eu will just hand money to less prosperous ones with no guarantees or concessions seems unrealistic, 
  keep telling yourself that if it makes you feel better . 
   isis , really ? 
  they 're a little richer , a little weaker , just grew up in a safer and more prosperous society , but the mentality and worldview is identical . 
  if they were born in baghdad , they 'd be the exact type of people drawn to isis, 
   i feel like usually when people mention the development of cinema , they really mean the development of cinematography , not larger rooms and bigger popcorn cups . 
  movie theaters here are innovating and developing much more effectively than movie producers are-remakes and retreads of old ideas are all that come out anymore, 
  ... the same germans that raked greece over the coals during the financial crisis ? 
  tad too much optimism on this point , if past is precedent, 
  i was n't sure if i was going to go to prague or not during my upcoming trip . 
  $ 1.30 beer , though ? 
  that 's crazy cheap . 
  it 's a must now, 
  you know you 're a third-world backwater when you 're the comparator against which everyone else is measured , or is always mentioned when comparisons are made .
