  i 'm not sure that 's the case anymore, 
  til switzerland has a spy agency , and that it is n't very good at whatever it is a swiss spy agency could possibly have to do, 
  alabama already tried something like this . 
  did n't end well for alabama and friends, 
  russia can have steven seagal . 
  unfit for office is pretty strong evidence that voting him was not an option for a serious person . 
  i ca n't blame someone who did n't grow up here for thinking that , since that 's more or less how a two-party system works . 
  it 's different this time , though-trump is in a league of his own when it comes to classlessness and sleaze . 
  everything about him is something that you really do n't want a person ( much less your leader ) to be . 
  i remember reading this a while back-it 's got some ( and i mean some ) of the bullshit trump 's done or been involved in over the years , and the reasons he has no business holding public office : https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/01/donald-trump-scandals/474726/, 
  i could give a short synopsis on why it is n't better . 
  start with george bush ii , end with trump . 
  fill in the blanks between those two . 
   i can see people voting for a cheetoh by mistake , but i can not see them voting for voledmort by mistake . 
  no , trump has been a prominent person in america for decades , and he 's been a despicable human being since the day he entered the spotlight . 
  everyone knew exactly what he was when they voted for him . 
  there really is no excuse for supporting him, 
   to be honest i hear about soros from time to time on / r/europe but i have not idea who this is or what he might be doing what theories there might be about him . 
  soros is ultimate boogeyman for right-wingers in american politics , for reasons that are unclear to almost everyone who does n't believe the conspiracy theories about him . 
  he got rich by being a prick , but he 's not unique in the that regard . 
  he champions causes that the american left supports , which is again is not unique . 
  somehow , the hive-mind of right-wingers decided he was the puppetmaster pulling all the strings in the world , and here we are . 
  i hate to break it to you , but the gop has been saying that since the 2000 's at least-bush included . 
  failed socialist states has been the diatribe as long as i can remember, 
  there are , but bears too stupid to breed without our help are definitely not one of those things . 
  i 've seen the pandas at the d.c. and atlanta zoos . 
  interesting i guess , but i 'd take a wad of profit any day, 
   you need to take a step back and realize your place in the world . 
  you voted to sit at the geopolitical equivalent of the kids table . 
  apparently a us-uk trade agreement is the equivalent of the kids ' table . 
  who knew , right ? 
  the really funny part is that brexit will affect uk-eu more than us-uk . 
  i do n't know what r/fukdisaccount is raging about , assuming that he 's actually american . 
  i ca n't tell if he is or not , but i can say that he 's wrong about there being some magical line that everyone has to wait in while we make one treaty with one country at a time-and no others . 
  if the world worked that way , nothing could ever get done . 
   which is why there 's a distinct possibility a us-uk trade deal might be signed before a us-eu deal one even though the latter is more valuable to the us . 
  that , and eu denizens will lecture you for hours about what a terrible injustice ttip would be and how much they hate it . 
  a us-uk treaty will likely precede one with the eu by default , really, 
  it was , at least in part . 
  hurricanes hit the east coast multiples times every year , but the complete failure at every level of government was something new . 
  it 's hard to describe how epically the mayor of new orleans and governor of louisiana dropped the ball , but fema 's delayed and embarrassing response was n't much better . 
  fema exists to respond to things like katrina , and it failed in every conceivable way despite ample time to prepare for a worst case scenario in new orleans, 
  right ? 
  comparisons to bush ii at this point are pure fantasy . 
  trump will honestly struggle to suck as bad as bush ii did at being president, 
  nah-people did n't hate bush ii in the same way that they despised trump right after the election . 
  people hated the supreme court for handing it to bush more than they hated bush, 
   i 'd wager that 40 % of his hate is from anti-republican sentiment in general and the other 50 % was from him sharing a name with his son . 
  but he 's from a time where republicans were n't as extreme as they are now . 
  he even said that reagan had ` voodoo economics ' during their debate . 
  old people dislike bush i because he promised not to raise taxes , and proceeded to push for a tax increase . 
  reasonable policy at the time , obviously did n't dent the economy in the 1990 's , but people remember him saying `` read my lips : no new taxes ! '', 
  and then doing it anyway . 
   actually , going from the 1205 days number , that works out to be a little less than four years , meaning he was more disliked than he was liked by the end of his first term , and still got reelected anyway . 
  it 's deceptive-the iraq war divisive initially . 
  when it seemed to go well at first , support bounced back up for him-think the `` mission accomplished '' picture . 
  people did n't truly turn against him for good until probably 2005 or 2006 . 
  iraq going south , stupid things he tried to do to social security , high gas prices-all that converged well after his second election, 
  obama 's approval ratings at their lowest were still higher than trump 's current approval ratings . 
  trump received several million votes less than clinton-he started out as the least popular president in history by default , and it 's only gone down from there . 
  it can only fall so far , though , since his die-hard supporters will never blame him for any of his failings or general horribleness , and he does n't have broad support outside those die-hards, 
  it 's really weird to see . 
  former presidents disappear from public life here-all they do is give private speeches to rich people for tons of money , and appear for charity events . 
  really weird that he 'd bother saying anything about a french election, 
   american fiscal realities = they ca n't even afford health care american fiscal reality = we ca n't afford our health care system period , whether it 's single-payor or not . 
  it costs too much . 
  i can only assume that single-payor will help , since it 's so much more expensive than elsewhere, 
   i have no qualms with the rationality of a limit . 
  i 'm opposed to the notion that abortion is never murder -- particularly in the american context where abortions at 5 months are often celebrated . 
  idk what they 're feeding you over in russia , but abortions are not celebrated here in any way , shape , or form . 
  what are you even talking about, 
  obama 's withdrawal ? 
  maliki kicked us out , so we left . 
  the iraqis wanted us gone . 
  well , they got it . 
  really ? 
  mr. iraq war looks better by comparison already ? 
  it 's a bit early for that . 
  that 's what everyone did , because germany was such a massive piece of shit during the war . 
  there 's no denying that it was worse on the other side of the iron curtain , though . 
  only one group walled germans in , and it was n't the west, 
  come and get it, 
  you know that sinking feeling you get as you tell yourself that le pen ca n't win , her success is just a fluke , and the voters will see reason and stop her in the end ? 
  welcome to our nightmare , frenchies, 
   i merely bring up the fact that this vast and unprecedented sociological change happened yea-you 're merely pointing out that the `` moral decay '' has befallen us-not advocating . 
  of course not . 
  you ca n't claim to be a disinterested observer when you 're starting point is the narrative that you claim not to be pushing . 
  payment to the remaining allies for not letting the soviets go on a rape , murder , and occupation spree in the west like they did in the east . 
   is about 6-7 percent higher if you class '' unemployed '' as actually unemployed we track these people as best as we can in the u-6 measurement ; it 's not the one cited in the media , but u.s. bls tracks it each month/quarter/year . 
  grocery delivery is used by a tiny , tiny percentage of the population in certain areas of certain major urban areas . 
  i liked it when i lived in d.c. , but it is what it is . 
  they are the worst measure of how expensive food is here, 
   americans actually had good public transport . 
  never have , probably never will, 
  qe stole from hundreds of millions of americans to help the richest , and the resulting inflation exacerbated the wage stagnation . 
  inflation is non-existent right now . 
  obama blew out the student loans problem , and guaranteed them with the federal government . 
  that wo n't end well , especially with how student loan bankruptcy is framed . 
  student loans have had federal backing for years-long before obama came along . 
  besides , the amount owed on all of them is very minor for the government,
