  there 's a touchiness and eagerness to outrage there that just does n't exist here . 
  herman cain , republicans , and the tipped minimum wage . 
  that never actually happens, 
  actually , it 's more like $ 2.14 / hour . 
  thank you herman cain , you sorry fuck . 
  so yes , tip 15 % -20 % minimum , unless you want people to hate you, 
  after all the huffing and puffing and threats , the system in poland appears to have functioned as designed . 
  all the nastiness aimed at them for nothing-probably did more to help the bill 's supporters than anything ... and all for nothing , in the end . 
  patience is a virtue is an oft-forgotten piece of wisdom, 
  turbines from siemens seem like a great place to start, 
  naturally . 
  germans are potential political targets in ways that others are n't . 
  they stop going in bigger numbers , prices fall , others move in . 
  they probably meant that trump is a lying fuck , and that when he says `` adoptions , '' the truthful statement was probably sanctions . 
  it 's for iran 's continued testing of medium-range ballistic missiles . 
  pretty narrow stuff compared to the broad ones obama put together years back . 
  the timing is iffy , but if they are serious about the nuclear program , why develop missiles designed to deliver non-existent weapons ? 
  this is the big issue for me . 
  opposing something like 3 seas while also pushing ns2 is pretty strong signal that , if push comes to shove , germany would choose economic expediency over commitments to the east, 
  it 's expected to pass overwhelmingly . 
  already has in the senate , and the house would not schedule a vote if a similar outcome was n't expected . 
  too much embarrassment for the gop if any other outcome were even an option , so the scheduling of a vote is the sign that it 's going to pass comfortably, 
  sanctions are always targeted at specific things ( in this case , anyway ) . 
  it 's not that they can never be retracted-it 's that russia will never stop doing the things drawing sanctions in the first place . 
  you conflated the business about elections and syria , but i doubt very much that russians think the sanctions will remain if they pull out donass tomorrow, 
  the german hostility to stuff like 3 seas is more perplexing to me . 
  i see them as unwilling or at least disinterested participants in nato , so do n't really expect them to care about keeping things quiet in the east , but actively opposing something designed to reduce dependency on a hostile power for energy ? 
  why ? 
  germany 's not dividing anything to rule it-it 's just looking to save a few euros , the east be-damned . 
  i wonder how your tune would change if trump were serious about improving relations with russia , and elected to throw some nato interests under the bus for some benefit from russia . 
  i suspect it would not be `` america needs to take a measured approach-play them against each other , maximize short-term gain accordingly . '', 
  and i do n't think you 'd like the outcome very much , either . 
  it 's fair to say that , at minimum . 
  he sees them as something to be traded away , with russia or with the eu . 
  for what , who knows-and everyone is afraid of what the answer is . 
  congress noticed it too-that 's why they tied his hands . 
   we were mastering imperial organization before either country even existed . 
  and yet , those two have largely dominated the world for several centuries now . 
  guess we 're just faster learners ? 
  they are trying to actually diversify their energy sources-not just bullshitting about it while doubling-down on a deal with the devil . 
  they 're not massing forces to stop ns2 , though, 
  chlorination is not uncommon , either . 
  i suspect that everyone in this thread has been a swimming pool , swallowed water by mistake , and made it out in one piece . 
  there 's only so many ways to purify water efficiently and relatively inexpensively that wo n't fuck up delivery systems too badly . 
  chlorination is one of them, 
  defending a stupid practice you say ... what 's that about about making unfounded assumptions ? 
  cooking chicken properly also does wonders for getting rid of salmonella . 
  you 'd be surprised, 
  you can find a truckload of bullshit telling you all about how it did n't go down that way , if you search . 
  you know , if you want to learn to hate humanity a little bit more , that is, 
  fewer people trying to diversify , by definition , weakens diversification . 
  it would be the middle-man . 
  russia is , and to apparent german delight-there 's a freaking former german pm working as an executive as gazprom , mind-the supplier . 
  just the french . 
  you know they are touchy about lots of weird things, 
  shale gas to lng is a long , long process , and it 's not something that is locked-in from one supplier-unlike a pipeline . 
  the fact that there are people doing mental gymnastics to claim that trump is somehow friendly with russia , and is trying to divide them from europe ( despite having said sanctions forced on him by congress ) , really underlines why he called nato obsolete : because many of its members are dead-weight collaborators that are so obviously unwilling to keep it together that it 's embarrassing, 
  does n't fool anyone in the eu ? 
  you think his fondness for russia is an act ? 
  do you think he likes germany , too ? 
  a rather foolish set of beliefs, 
  a compelling argument . 
  you are , i 'm sure , well-read on lng and certainly merit having such an opinion . 
  it 's an ancillary , long-term benefit-it is not as though lng is going to be flooding the world tomorrow . 
  and there 's no guarantee that it will even come from here , as lng can actually be imported from anywhere with the right facilities-it does n't have the strict geographic constraints that a pipeline does . 
  this is about avoiding fissures in nato , and making our work in the east easier, 
  i do n't even mean in the grand scheme-they literally think someone else will be the gullible ally that we are now , under the mistaken belief that they provide actual value . 
  it 's crazy really, 
  i know . 
  fdr expected the nationalists , not communists , to win-that would have left another friendly nation on the unsc . 
  i doubt there was an expectation of dependency on russia either way . 
  i stopped reading at `` finally diversifying , '' given how amazingly full of shit the first part of your post was . 
  it 's like trump and his crowd size claims ; you think just saying it loudly and confidently makes it true ? 
  eliminating nuclear energy in several places and building new pipelines to russia is n't diversification lol, 
  conspiracy theory : level 9000, 
  this is n't the whole eu-mostly the germans . 
  and it 's hilarious . 
  staring a row with a bigger , richer nation that you have a large trade surplus with-over a sketchball pipeline from russia . 
  fact is germans have no interest in and take no responsibility for nato 's eastern flank , and just want cheaper gas and whatever other money russia is willing to give them . 
  literally giving credence to everything trump has said about germany , which is remarkable, 
   he considered chinese subhuman , which is one reason the americans liked him so much - he could be counted on as the best man to build a pro-america , anti-chinese japan . 
  this part is not true . 
  the us is the reason china got a spot on the unsc in the first place ( communists not in power at that time ) ; there is no reason to think or believe that anyone had any interest in an anti-chinese japan . 
  by playing around somewhere where they ca n't project any power at all , and nowhere near the us ? 
  if they wanted to aim something at us , the south china sea or somewhere near us seems appropriate . 
  it 's not aimed at america, 
  you 'd be surprised how many israelis are deluded enough to think they can just swap the us out for someone else , and carry on with no changes . 
  it 's nonsense , obviously , but the view is shockingly common there . 
  they think they are an asset in the region , as unbelievable as it seems . 
  they say all the right things because they know that there are people dumb enough or motivated by emotion enough to buy it , but are protectionist-mercantilistic to the core . 
  it 's way past time we and others put up barriers similar to those that they put up against us . 
  they exist mostly in movies and books, 
   macron send the message france is diplomatic , stable and open for business by meeting with someone despised by silicon valley types ? 
  common cause with trump is an iffy way to display openness . 
   trump gets back home pretending europe loves him . 
  amazingly , people actually do deny how unpopular he is pretty much everywhere . 
  but this is why he went to poland , not france . 
  trump did n't get anything but the chance to escape d.c. for a few days , and at least try to generate headlines not about his and his family 's strange dealings with russia . 
  yes-and we 've been regretting it for decades . 
  is it ?
