  you only see it that way because you 're imposing some vision of a unified eu onto it that is n't reality . 
  the eu is a shared regulatory/legal scheme , and that 's basically it . 
  it is objectively only as strong as the weakest member allows it to be . 
  it is not a panacea for disagreements or divisions , and it obviously not a replacement for national governments . 
  you may not be a brain-dead zealot , but few here are going to claim that trusting russia is wise . 
  yes-that is exactly why they are angry . 
  you are the that does n't understand it , not me , and are apparently swept up in the mania gripping we and blinding to the obvious : * not a single eu company has been sanctioned due to this law ; is n't required that any will ; and it is n't likely that any ever will be . 
  * but the paranoia rages on-yet more evidence in my mind that we would be wise to disengage from nato before we eager to have a few good feels force the issue . 
  we are not exporting oil . 
  it 's illegal to do so , and has been for decades . 
  please-they wo n't ban anything the top kleptocrats like . 
  people do n't - latin america apparently did , though . 
  venezuela used to be richest nation in south america , and look at them now . 
  people are n't likely to forget how a dictator preaching socialism destroyed venezuela, 
  trust me , this sub has people that will find a way . 
  what we should really say to venezuelans is this : `` well , venezuelans , we tried to warn you that this would happen if you elected a clown like chavez . 
  now it has . 
  sort your own shit out-you 've been a constant insulting annoyance to us and we 're honestly laughing at how helpful your stupidity is to us in the region . 
  we 'll just keep buying cheap oil from a faux enemy who has no other choice but to sell it to us . 
  good luck in the hunger games that you caused for yourselves ! '', 
  i assure you that it is n't easier to get rid of underperforming employees in denmark than america . 
  it literally could not be easier here-no reason needed for firing ; no real recourse if you are . 
  the weapons of the russians ? 
  the chinese are not going to rely on someone else for weapons . 
  how laughable . 
  if russia was ever foolish enough to sell advanced weapons to china , the chinese would rip them off and make them domestically as fast as possible , and steal russia 's already-dwindling share of the global arms market . 
  there have always been regional power centers . 
  the point is that none can challenge a global superpower , and that is n't looking likely to change anywhere except maybe in china , and only within its region . 
  anyone who starts a fight with us believing that is in for pain and blood . 
  because that is n't why , just as it wo n't be in afghanistan when we finally leave . 
  people do n't support wars with no idea of what victory is , or how to get there . 
  and multipolar order lol . 
  delusional russians ; we can replace soldiers with ease ; killing them accomplishing nothing . 
  you are a second-rate petrostate , nipping at the heels of the real powers , and will remain so for the foreseeable future . 
  maybe china will let you be their poodle , if they continue to increase in power-and that is the best-case scenario for you . 
  the humiliation and desperation that russians apparently feel is pathetic and a little sad . 
  the yearning to matter again ... so weird, 
  honestly , russia wasting money propping up maduro would be great . 
  what better argument would we have that these populist-lunatics in sa that hate us are a bad idea for other countries in the region ? 
  nothing makes the argument better than venezuela . 
  they turned away from us , took every chance they had to spite us ( despite economic dependency on us ) , and worked constantly to undermine us in the region . 
  having them flail around like they are now is frankly the best thing for us . 
  we should simply condemn , and let things there run their course . 
  flee and give up ? 
  we fought there for like 20 years . 
  the pointlessness drove us out-not the casualties . 
  people are making a big mistake if they believe this, 
  just wait until the second chechens are funded . 
  it will be ... explosive, 
  fucking christ ... those jihadis in syria stole that stuff from hapless , corrupt , cowardly iraqis and similarly-ineffective rebels in the fsa-and the political embarrassment is exactly why a corrupt place reliant on weird right-wing militias like ukraine did n't get such weapons . 
  not hard to see similar embarrassments on that front, 
  assuming that people wo n't do something just because you ca n't see their motivations is unwise . 
  the people living in the east understand the russians better than some dane , brit , or american ever will , and they do n't seem to agree with your assessment with respect to russia 's view of what is to be gained from additional conquest . 
  ukraine is evidence enough that we do n't understand them ; what has russia gained , that it did n't have already ? 
  and at what cost ? 
  looking forward from 2013 , no one could have predicted that russia would respond in such a rash way . 
  assuming that they view cost-benefit analyses on this post the same way that we do is unwise . 
  it 's naive to think the same wo n't happen to any ee nation the moment russia sense that nato guarantees are meaningless . 
  it 's no mystery that the east was much less happy with your departure than the west . 
  they would admit it . 
  most of scandinavia probably would too . 
  roll over ? 
  a good portion of its members support the theoretical sanctions . 
  it 's only embarrassing if the eu rants and raves and then does nothing-which is sure to happen if american sanctions ever actually hit the germans wailing unrelentingly about this, 
  no ... this situation is nothing like that , because here is not a single eu entity that 's been sanctioned yet , and there probably wo n't be . 
  juncker can his tax-cheating , sleazy mouth all he wants-i 'll believe that all eu members will fall on their swords over the selfishness of a few in we when i see it . 
  you 'd think he 'd have learned from trump how stupid and credibility-undermining that empty threats are, 
  china is not opposed to irredentism or wars of conquest , no matter what they claim . 
  not a word about crimea from them , and territorial disputes with neighbors near and far . 
  a world where norms are against easing territory through force simply is n't one that they support . 
  people are foolish to think otherwise, 
  and they choose over other things , because starbucks and friends are just that much better . 
  now stop your whining and get basking, 
  you can tell me some german movie is better than enemy at the gates , but i will never believe it, 
  you 're an uptight frenchie , are n't you ? 
  you would be a great motivational speaker for kids, 
  a trap for the wary . 
  any money invested in russia will not see desired returns . 
  it 's always the same : russia is open and inviting when prices are low , but harangues investors into giving russian partners a bigger chunk of the profits once the market turns . 
  let any fool who wants to lose their money go right ahead and invest there . 
  he 's just saying what most russians probably think : ukraine is ours , and we will take it if we please . 
  belittle role as liberator haha . 
  more like ... deny completely, 
  you could just ... not drink starbucks , or eat mcdonalds . 
  people choose to . 
  bask in their superiority and dominance, 
  what he fails to realize is that china is n't building trade routes-it 's building a pipeline to send stuff to you , while denying you access to their markets . 
  a popular mistake on this sub-lots of people seem to think china is a friend , when it 's really a mercantilist , authoritarian state that does n't care one way or the other what europe does , so long europe lets chinese imports and capital in , while keeping both out of china or keeping capital subservient to china 's government for the benefit of its own companies . 
  why ? 
  because if sk thinks nk can hit us , sk may doubt our security guarantees-and so might nk . 
  all bets are off if nk thinks it 's chinese sugar-daddy will keep putting up with it , while the us might not protect sk due to the threat of nuclear attack . 
  separating sk from the us is going to spur an arms race in the region that no one really wants . 
  as if you do n't already . 
  that 's an empty threat if i 've ever seen one, 
  really ? 
  i think uk will-so long as they are not alone . 
  when you hear americans voice doubts about nato , i promise you that it is n't the brits they 're referring to . 
   let 's not forget that ussr tried to create an anti-nazi coalition before the 've signed non-aggression deal with germany . 
  uk and france under the pressure from poland refused ussr 's suggestion . 
  translation : uk/france refused to enter the equivalent of molotov-ribbentrop pact with stalin .
