  yea-i 'm surprised people do n't realize this . 
  it 's not like they 're built here and shipped over . 
  ditto for the bmw 's , mercedes , and many japanese cars in america . 
  i 'm sure britain is the same way , ie , not importing cars en masse . 
   1 ) give people in the co2 intensive industries new jobs because they will rebell . 
  there are many , many more of these than you seem to think . 
  not as much as in america and probably eu , but globally ? 
  this is n't a realistic option over anything but a very long time-scale . 
   make co2-free energy generation cost competitive with fossil based power generation . 
  this is happening on its own , and why a potential withdrawal from the paris agreement is n't overly-relevant to what 's going to happen or not here . 
  maybe . 
  you would not believe that self-absorbed complaining they did when the bailouts came with conditions like splitting gm 's finance arm from the main business and finding a partner for chevy-they literally expected a blank check . 
  their corporate leaders may think they can profit most from bankruptcy , honestly, 
  i have n't really noticed dirty air in europe , but people definitely have the impression that the cars make the air dirty here . 
  the only difference i 've noticed is that the air noticeably cleaner in haarlem/amsterdam than where i usually live , but that 's probably related more to industry and size than anything else . 
  never occurred to me that diesel is why they say that . 
  they all used that particular device in testing . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , vw is the only one who had it enabled on vehicles actually sold to clients . 
  the company that makes the thing even warned them not to use it to defeat emissions controls , but they did anyway, 
  the imf is certainly taking a more nuanced view than the eu masters are , regardless of the reason for doing so . 
  spaceship that shit straight into the sun . 
  or whatever, 
  that relates to tillerson 's brohood with putin , not his position in the energy industry, 
   yea i dont think it 's like that at all but ok . 
  it is exactly like this . 
  darkie bad , darkie did , donnie no do . 
  gop 2017 , in a nutshell . 
  it only encourages him, 
  idk , but netherlands is pretty much : 1 . 
  bikes 2 . 
  blonde hair 3 . 
  blue eyes 4 . 
  eternal flatness with some canals for some reason i love it , but it is fucking exactly what i pictured in my head , right down to how it looks in amsterdam and the surrounding countryside . 
  i know it is . 
  that 's why i wrote that the imf is actually promoting policies to achieve outcomes now as opposed to just promoting the same thing for everyone . 
  imf has more or less said that greece ca n't handle it 's debtload . 
  there is no fantasy at the imf that austerity will solve the problems . 
  10 years ago , though , there is no way that you would have seen such a considered analysis from them . 
   but on the point of the article , how do you determine what an applicable rate of compensation would be for some of the smaller members with massive up-side potential , we 'll never be able to compete with the populations of germany or france . 
  this is our competitive edge . 
  silly leprechaun-the only competitive advantages allowed will be those that benefit the ones with actual power in the eu . 
  that would be a cynic 's view , anyways, 
   in germany you can get good deals but you often have to go to another market to finish your shopping because they did n't have something that you needed for a recipe . 
  shopping at multiple places to maximize sales is pretty typical at home . 
  if this same pattern follows , it will not be a problem for them . 
  imf is n't the only game in town anymore . 
  it ca n't force poison on people in the same way that it used to and just expect them to deal . 
  edit : it actually needs to consider the prospective borrower 's actual concerns now , as opposed to just pushing cookie-cutter policies with regards to open markets , reduced spending , privatization , etc. 
   `` travel is fatal to prejudice , bigotry , and narrow-mindedness idk , i thought the dutch were a bunch of bike-riding , hitler-youth looking , english-speaking bunch before i came here . 
  think it now more than ever, 
  i was n't aware germany was trying to make portugal pursue austerity . 
  it needs to go east-not elsewhere in the west . 
  if germany is going its own way , there 's really no reason to bother with maintaining a significant presence in europe anymore . 
  you 're wrong on your conclusions about syria , but yea you did n't mention it-reply meant for someone else . 
  as for forces in the baltics now , i invite you to search for the thread with polling showing how willing each public would be to defend them . 
  i 'm sure germany would be fine letting others do the real work and providing assistance , but it 's apparently an unpopular position even now . 
  how willing would you really be if , say , us/uk were n't willing to help ? 
  i and many others have doubts , even setting the capability question aside . 
  i 'm not surprised you would n't defend turkey . 
  i 'm sure they would n't help you either , so no real controversy there . 
  very true , actually . 
  yea . 
  if it were an american or maybe swedish pilot i 'd be pissed , but i 'm willing to make an allowance for one who really is n't used to that kind of thing . 
  you 're free to leave . 
  your contributions to nato are minimal , and polling in germany already shows that you 're not willing to defend the east . 
  turkey is a basket case all its own , but you 're continued membership is really confusing if you 're not even willing to help the baltics and friends . 
  oh , and great news flash : syria is fighting a civil war that started organically . 
  lay off the sputnik when claiming that it 's an evil american design, 
  you say that , but it 's only a matter of time before we 're going to have to leave germany . 
  either we move east , or we just move the bulk of everyone to the pacific and be done with europe beyond the uk, 
  go to frankfurt and then tell me if you still think that this is true, 
  i do n't . 
  nato is n't the place for the europeans or anyone else to fight their moral crusades against domestic policies in other member states . 
   they shot down a russian fighter ffs . 
  who else in nato does that and gets a little shrug ? 
  given the circumstances in which it happened , everyone . 
  i am sympathetic to the pilot on this one . 
  imagine russians doing their typical reckless , aggressive bullshit to a pilot that is n't used to it like the scandinavians , brit , or american pilots are , and then remember that it 's in an active conflict zone involving two nations with opposed interests . 
  we forget because we 've learned to ignore it , but the way russian pilots behave towards the rest of nato is incredibly dangerous and irresponsible . 
   nato is unstable because the u.s. decided to bring in everyone they considered useful for the cold war and to show off against russia without considering the geopolitics in question . 
  nato is unstable because you and the turks ca n't fucking get along-the idea that this is our fault is hilarious , and the idea that the euros blame us for that is only doing more to convince me that nato really is as weak and of dubious value in reality as the kremlin gremlin seems to think it is . 
   that 's not true though . 
  for now even with the referendum erdogan does n't have more power than the french president in france for example . 
  you 're a fool if you believe there are any real constraints on erdogan 's power, 
   if nato summit happened in usa , does it means all other countries support donald trump and his policies ? 
  have to agree . 
  it 's almost as if the only truly indispensable member of nato does n't want to kick turkey out . 
  imagine that, 
  look , you can sit and deny basic economics all you want-i really do n't care . 
  i just do n't see how in one breath you can say :  let 's go over this again : mario draghi , head of the ecb is keeping inflation high and interest rates low as part of his program to stimulate the eu economy , which is working . 
  this is weakening the euro . 
  and it is making southern products more competitive worldwide while encouraging money to enter the economy , as was the intent . 
  yet then claim that the same thing is n't creating a windfall for an already-competitive germany . 
  please be serious . 
   if i wanted my speech policed , i 'd have stuck with communism gringo . 
  deal with it . 
  i mean , you say whatever you want , but if you want to use english correctly , gringo is probably a pretty fucking stupid term for the typical romanian to use, 
   and why not ? 
  hurricanes do n't seem all that rare in that part of the world . 
  they actually do n't hit there very often , and there were ( until recently ) natural barriers that would have weakened the blow of a hurricane hitting new orleans .
