  it 's really that simple, 
  short of a bolt or lever-action rifles , literally every rifle is semi-automatic . 
  perpetuating the myth that nato created the mess in syria bravo , sir troll . 
  bravo, 
  thailand and brazil are not exactly winning awards for stability and governance these days either . 
  even perpetually-almost-bankrupt greece somehow scored better, 
  much harder than all their whining about being open would lead you to believe . 
  immigrating most places in the west is not that easy . 
  the lion does not concern itself with the opinions of the sheep . 
  by holding all the shit ever purchased through from them for an iphone hostage . 
  i 'm calling it revisionist bullshit with respect to the cause of the civil war because it is revisionist bullshit with respect to that . 
  i can dig up scientific papers claiming that global warming is n't even happening ; does n't make the paper any less of an emotionally-driven , not reason ( or otherwise ) driven , product . 
  it 's not common in general , but it is something that happens with respect to topics that have in inconvenient facts for republicans . 
  i mean , you literally had to cull tens of thousand of works by actual civil war historians just to find this one little paragraph in one paper vaguely making a weak connection between the civil war and state debt , and then you act like moses when he rolled down from the mountains with the 10 commandments and assume that all else is false . 
  do you realize what that says about your intellectual capacities ? 
  no , but you can bluster and bullshit in order to deflect from your own ignorance and mistakes . 
  ( hint : i 'm talking about you ), 
  only old people use cash . 
  i do n't even get cash , unless i win something on a lottery ticket . 
  that these old people bother going to bank for it amusing to me, 
   it 's the same as the old except you ca n't use your headpones with it anymore . 
  they will happily sell you proprietary earbuds or whatever bullshit thing they threw together to force consumers to buy . 
  generous tax incentives entrenched and expanded the system . 
  those benefits were tax free , and still are for all but the most expensive , generous plans . 
   and the people that arent using the internet probably arent using a computer at all . 
  why even own if one , if you do n't ? 
  goes without saying that they do n't, 
  that 's like 80 % of the countries that matter , though . 
  it 's a huge deal, 
  i read some revisionist history bullshit making vague , nonsensical claims about how disagreements over debt and `` states rights '' led to the civil war, 
  maybe it is , idk . 
  this article is like some long , empty thing a 19 yr old would write after spending their first week outside of the u.s. 
  it just ca n't be something suited to this sub . 
  there 's no way, 
  you 're basically resorting to a trumpian response here . 
  you realize this , right ? 
  because it has nothing to with military access proposals like those discussed in the article . 
   the us actually needed a bloody civil war so that it finally worked ... one civil war in 230ish years is pretty good-few can claim the same . 
  also , that had literally nothing to do with integrated fiscal and monetary policy . 
  idk . 
  it 's so rare to see corporate crime punished that there 's no way to know . 
  he should have been way smarter about things , that 's for sure . 
   i do agree with you partly in were to put the blame , but then hating example the likes of luxembourg for its tax avoidance schemes is bit more wider than some very pro eu people on a eu pro subreddit complaining about apple . 
  which is why it 's hard to take many seriously . 
  it 's no mystery how this is happening-either make the tax-havens stop being havens , or accept that offer the service that those havens are offering . 
   banking and car industry from eu and tech from us . 
  banking is the strongest sector that the u.s. has ; that 's not a great example . 
  tech is singled out because service companies are better suited to using these loopholes , and google and apple are just politically-popular targets . 
  the only reason vw is getting punished over here is because they lied , tried to cover up that they lied , and got caught doing both . 
  that was stupid , to put it mildly . 
  no other eu car maker is being punished ; audi , bmw , jaguar , etc. 
  are all continuing along as normal . 
  and that 's not even getting into the massive number of cars that japanese/korean companies sell here , who are also not facing similar problems , and who outsell all other imported brands by miles . 
  the political witch-hunt really is a one-sided affair . 
  idk how this does n't qualify for removal as unrelated to whatever this sub is supposed to be about, 
  i 'm sure the far right does too . 
  the existence of a law/rules in italy has little bearing on whether they are followed , enforced , or even acknowledged as existing , from what i saw, 
  the whole topic is about how stupid and ineffective the idea of integrated eu army would be in practice . 
  you are n't reading very closely, 
  it 's called stupidity . 
  china does n't care about turkey any more than it cares about , say , kazakhstan-a place to sell stuff and transport stuff to europe . 
  all the supplication in the world is n't going to change the fact that erdogan is turning friends into foes , and gaining little in return . 
  they 're already living in the eu . 
  kind of hard to avoid traveling there if you 're living there ... 
  i find the rage directed at the companies themselves amusing , given that they are literally using laws that small eu states have . 
  if the sleaziness bothered people more than the fact that american tech companies did this the best , they would aim their ire at the actual culprits . 
  why not ? 
  he lied about the existence of the defeat devices , and plead guilty to conspiracy to violate environmental laws and wire fraud . 
  everything else is dropped . 
  had he and his friends not tried to cover everything up , there would n't be any criminal conspiracy to charge him with, 
  he pleaded guilty to lying to regulators about the defeat devices and conspiracy to defraud the government ... and the other charges were dismissed , so there obviously is n't going to be a trial . 
  you understand english , it seems ; reading the article before spouting defensive nonsense might have been wise for you . 
  i really do find all the defensiveness funny , too . 
  apple and google use eu member laws to avoid taxes , and the euro-homer brigade is out with pitchforks . 
  vw leaders get caught cheating on their emissions , lie about , get caught lying about with the massive paper trail they foolishly created , and get punished-and the euro-homers cry injustice . 
  mediation requires a desire among all parties to reach a compromise . 
  maduro obviously is n't interested, 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  nato has nothing to do with whether a magical `` integrated '' eu army will be a functional thing , or a good idea in practice, 
  that 's surprising , given that half the world 's plant/flower exports come from the netherlands . 
  guess it 's just a tiny market . 
  it 's really not a weird definition-aesthetic stuff that is n't something grown for human/livestock consumption should n't count as agriculture imo . 
  flowers are decorations or luxury goods , and should be counted as such, 
  yes , and as i said , your argument is incredibly stupid . 
  that 's what most of your own eu members are telling you . 
  you should worry more about that , and less about what you think republicans think about it, 
  except for the part where `` major , `` naval , '' and `` russia '' exist in the same sentence , i 'm with you, 
   that applies to state law as well , so it 's universally applicable to tax law in the us . 
  agreed !, 
  every state constitution will have a similar provision anyways , but yes , the 14th amendment applies to states . 
  the 14th amendment also incorporates almost every amendment to the federal constitution against the states anyways , so you almost never have to worry about asking this question . 
   thanks for the good point !, 
  you do law , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  yes . 
  itt : euros complaining about american tech companies using tax loopholes provided to them by proud eu members such as ireland and the netherlands to avoid taxes in europe that they ca n't avoid at home . 
  such a law would be struck down as unconsitutional here due to vagueness . 
  sounds like a cudgel that a government could use against domestic foes , if so inclined . 
  always some idiot ready to get up on their soapbox and jack themselves off to iraq , while ignoring the question . 
  literally never fails . 
  brain turns off , the circlejerk turns on , and discussion stops .
