  and they say that we struggle with geography, 
   like said . 
  you are a disgusting pig . 
  and you 're an ignorant bitch , really . 
  there 's only a few places where we 're really engaged in conflict , and they are not the biggest sources of migrants anyhow . 
  nothing happening in bangladesh of sub-saharan africa except for the usual miserable crap always happening there . 
  you 're simply blaming us for the problem that your leaders helped cause and refuse to do anything sensible about . 
  it 's a joke , really-your leaders literally invite people to come , then you bitch when they do ? 
  pathetic . 
  either get serious about you want to deal with the economic migrants and handful of refugees heading your way , or shut up , but the scapegoating really is beneath you . 
  yea , we totally chased all those bangladeshis and sub-saharan africans over to germany , and totally made merkel invite them in . 
  totally . 
  anyone not from iraq , afghanistan , or some parts of syria is someone else 's fuck up , not ours , and germany 's high asylum app numbers are their own fault as well . 
  de gaulle 's behavior definitely generated a lot of bad feelings , and rightfully so . 
  much more prevalent among older people-opportunistic sleazebags tend to have that affect on people . 
  no one cares about iraq though . 
  french people just get extra butthurt over the things we like to make fun of . 
  it 's funny , honestly . 
  few people actually dislike or poorly of france, 
   the dutch also gave something that is known today as manhattan ( the name itself is derived from the native american who lived there back in the day ) . 
  britain stole it fair and square , and then we got it-there was no give on that front . 
   it might seem like there is less internal pressure from the people on climate change , but in reality there is quite a bit but the political system does n't respond to it at the moment because of the incredible amount of money the koch brothers et al are throwing around to buy legislators . 
  there 's really not . 
  you ca n't honestly tell me that climate change is in the top 5 of concerns for even most democrats , if we 're going to be honest with ourselves . 
  the paris agreement withdrawal is more outrageous for it 's stupidity and oafishness than anything else-people are not literally lamenting the damage that may ensue, 
   i would n't be surprised if in few months they will propose modified deal that would be much better for usa and everyone will be happy to sign it elated that trump suddenly changed his mind . 
  you live in a special kind of fantasy world if you believe that trump and friends are going to do that . 
   usa needs to be severely punished and their bluff called out . 
  lol, 
  the problem is yours . 
  you listed a number of entities that you think have a basis to claim that the us is currently an unreliable trade partner . 
  i pointed out how absurd this is in china 's case . 
  it 's simple really, 
  no-i took the major counter-intelligence agencies ' factual conclusions as to what russia did at face value . 
  accepting a fact as such does not equate to taking a side , no matter how malleable and optional right-wingers view facts to be . 
  i do n't take a side if i says grass is green , the sky is blue , or the capital of the u.s. is d.c. ; neither do i took a side here when i say that russia was responsible for the election interference in trump 's favor that 's been discussed at length for months . 
  you bunch simply can not make this basic logical link , because your polemical mind can not see reality in any way other than whether it is convenient to your beliefs or not . 
  you realize that the retraction literally says that the nsa , cia , dia , and fbi all agree with the assessment , yes ? 
  and that not one other agency has disagreed in public or otherwise ? 
  the only people taking `` sides '' are the right-wing polemicists so blinded by ignorance and hate that they are incapable of viewing anything trump-related through an objective lens . 
  right-wing denial and ignorance ... the best . 
  fbi , cia , nsa ; pretty convincing for everyone but right-wing trash in america . 
  leaks coming from people like this in order to box him in should tell you something , and it should tell you something other than `` the media is picking on poor little donny '', 
  just because every intel agency has used months of strategic leaks to box him in on russia does not mean that he does n't have a weird infatuation with russia/putin . 
  he does , and it 's really weird, 
  the idea that china has anything to complain about is a joke is the point . 
  listing them as a victim , or as having any right to complain , is laughable . 
  the rest of your post is a strange mix of buzz words that must mean something elsewhere and false outrage, 
  pretty much the exact same, 
  it does n't , though . 
  it depresses it in some places , increases it in others . 
  germany happens to be in the latter category , at least right now with the euro as weak as it is . 
  the former category is more static though, 
  really ? 
  because stalin was the ultimate collaborator before hitler stabbed him in the back before stalin was ready to do the same to hitler . 
  so ... i 'd say you love some nazi collaborators too . 
  you just pretend like the collaboration never happened . 
  poles even stealing syrian jobs . 
  who 's laughing at brexit now haha, 
  we be keeping a croatian down , do n't you know, 
  all nonsense aside , the euro artificially increasing german competitiveness is an actual problem , though it 's mostly others problem for others, 
  no , he 's been pretty consistent about germany being the big problem in europe . 
  i do n't think he cares about france . 
  anyone running a trade surplus is a problem in his eyes . 
  the russia thing is still weird, 
  maybe russia could play nice for once ? 
  ... just kidding . 
  no chance of that happening, 
  i 'd say trump dislikes germany more than anything else, 
  idk , the way trump just shoved monty 's pm out of the way , and the look on trump 's face as he did it , not sure it can be topped, 
  looks like a melting wax mannequin playing golf, 
  because there is no one in the eu willing to let the rest free-ride off of . 
  it 's a separate problem from whether it can work or not . 
  we really do n't , though . 
  no one is stirring up the caucasus against russia , although we really need to start doing so with great enthusiasm . 
  ask china ? 
  i 'd say we 've made those mercantilists nice and rich . 
  they 'd be happy to sing our praises on the trade front . 
  euros who think that bunch have anything to complain about on the trade front , or any legitimacy to do so , are seriously blinded by temporary reactionary animus against trump, 
  wait until trump shoves his way to the front of the parade , montenegro-pm style, 
  please-vw was just the worst at cheating . 
  recordings , paper trails , and then repeated lies and attempted cover ups . 
  no other company is foolish enough to do this , which is why so few face serious punishments . 
  this is a case that will help build careers ; the idea that anyone is picking on germany specifically is silly . 
  they 're beneath it too . 
  i have no use for them , and would not help one even if it cost me nothing to do so . 
  the cynic would say that this proposal is just a vehicle for all eu states to free ride on security guarantees provided by others , and that disagreements over who gets to do so are just as problematic as anything in the article, 
  for real-we do n't even provide weapons . 
  being an apologist is learned . 
  i only show you how to unlearn it . 
  i ca n't believe he 's going . 
  he refuses to go to the uk out of concern over negative pr . 
  g-20 is required , but the rest ? 
  there are a lot of maybes . 
  just seems like that is n't much to go on in terms of prosecuting someone, 
  never make a comment to the effect that `` we 're not as [ insert whatever insult ] as you think ] '' either . 
  if op had a flair , just mock whatever fail his own nation has ( which are plentiful , no doubt ), 
   the eu has the largest economy in the world , this is no longer true , thanks the euro 's drop in value , and will be even less true once the uk leaves, 
  the fact that people are sent there and never let out , despite there being no clear proof that they deserve to be there . 
  it 's beneath the u.s. , and it does more harm than good,
