   we should only give them goods that they absolutely can not produce now and within the next few decades . 
   for everything else , they are better of making that stuff locally , with the profits staying at home for further investments . 
  same reasoning problem another poster used . 
  same response :  you 're way to ayn rand on this point . 
  the people getting this stuff are too poor to buy these goods/services in the first place-no one is swooping in and stealing customers or market share from anyone in this context giving subsistence-level people basic medical care and such is n't stifling anything , because there is nothing to stifle , no local supply to supplant, 
   one would think that native born african mosquito net industry disagrees . 
  you 're way to ayn rand on this point . 
  the people getting this stuff are too poor to buy these goods/services in the first place-no one is swooping in and stealing customers or market share from anyone in this context, 
  ... what ? 
   i 'm sure russians would trade their vastly superior standards of living and they say that americans are blinded by propaganda, 
   you ca n't win if you 're russian russian national motto, 
   the developing world can only develop itself . 
  our interference actively stops countries developing . 
  we 're no better than the chinese that started to open countless sweatshops all over africa , except they do n't pretend to be helping . 
  this is a very simplistic view-there are many , many services provided to developing countries that benefit them immensely . 
  healthcare , education , family planning services , and even things like mosquito nets all provide great benefits without detrimental effects on the local populace . 
  not every act of charity distorts local incentives in the way that you described . 
  implying that russia is anywhere close to entering the 21st century . 
  that 's the real crime, 
  i can show you a ton of people who are poor and who steal . 
  you want innovation and progress ? 
  make it happen , do n't steal it . 
  nothing kills it faster than killing the incentive for it, 
  unless i 'm mistaken , it 's actually a ban on anything bigger than a phone , including tablets . 
  if they are n't stolen , chances are they 'll be destroyed via rough handling, 
   i 've been there but europe has better looking countryside that 's because all of the nicest stuff is out west . 
  new england is probably the plainest and dullest part of the u.s. in terms of aesthetics , honestly, 
  seriously . 
  checked-in devices ? 
  ever seen how baggage handlers handle your luggage ? 
  gopers do n't travel abroad ( a parochial bunch that led them to be gopers in the first place ) , so they do n't care . 
  what a pain for everyone else though, 
   he people that are trying to get illegally in a country are those will not try to integrate in their new society . 
  you ca n't say this is a blanket fact-illegal immigrants from mexico/the rest of latin america assimilate very well here . 
  others do to , but this group is where most were from, 
   so no , it is not a strange thing to see in the west , unless you really think the west revolves around the usa , their customs and sensibilities . 
  can you really tell me that it has n't in the recent decades ? 
   you should know that military parades with soldiers ** ( not necessarily a thousand ) and hardware ** is a very old european tradition , especially in former monarchies such as austria , long before there ever was such a thing as communism . 
  ... if you 're not doing it east-bloc style , then it 's not all that foreign to the west . 
  i 'll believe that austrians parade missiles through the streets when i see it in person, 
   anyone that does n't steal is an idiot . 
  the important thing is to improve upon what you steal . 
  how convenient for those who can sit back and profit from others ' innovation and investment . 
  why bother , when you can just steal it from someone else ? 
   with your logic 99 % of the cars on the road are stolen from ford model t. because they have 4 wheels and they are mass production cars . 
  yea , that 's totally what logic is . 
   after visiting china , a revelation hit me . 
  they did it right with software ... 
  instead of accepting the american version they made their own version of everything . 
  yes , we must all steal everything from someone else . 
  that 's the solution for everyone, 
   fwiw , i 've spent some time in the deep south , and never heard a single jew comment . 
  dirty secret : there are so few jews here that many people in the south outside the cities have never actually met one . 
  i 've never heard such a comment down here either ; people are generally extremely favorable to israel and already fairy religious , so possibly people are predisposed either to indifference towards or favorable views of jews, 
   i have seen more jewish people openly expressing their faith in the us than here in europe . 
  surprising . 
  they 're relatively common in select cities , but in most of the country you can live your entire life and maybe encounter a jewish person once . 
  literally , i did not meet a jewish person until i went to college . 
  people do n't give them any grief in public from what i 've seen , but there 's also not that many opportunities to do so . 
  plus , you can imagine how well a muslim person of mena descent harassing a jewish person would go over-i really ca n't believe that they do it in public in europe . 
  white trash are the only ones giving jews here any trouble ; anti-semitic graffiti and stuff like that, 
  we have similar debates here-power companies claim that they have to maintain generation capacity for their entire area regardless of whether people use solar panels or not , and that people opting out via panels are pushing the cost of maintaining the generation capacity onto others while still benefiting from having the grid to fall back on . 
  basically , power companies claim that panel users are free riding on the grid in this way, 
  all the ranting in the world is n't going to change the fact that the ussr 's approval ratings in america today hovers somewhere between childhood cancer and people who drown puppies . 
  people think you 're crazy if you suggest that it was n't a terrible regime and that it 's dissolution was n't one of the best things america has ever worked towards, 
   which is inviting a counter reaction , though , aka , having the majesty of respecting your enemy . 
  well ... we 're not particularly magnanimous when it comes to the soviets . 
  graceless in victory on this one . 
   but i know , it 's actually a bit funny when americans hear how many people in europe call themselves socialists , and they instantly think communism . 
  then you try to explain it to them and they think you 're defending communism . 
  seen that happen on reddit . ^ ^ not surprising at all, 
   lol , so planes , ships and soldiers are ok , but god beware you add tanks , oh the horror ^ childish response . 
  you know as well as everyone else that parading tanks and such along with thousands of soldiers such through the streets is a favored practice among the former communist bloc ; it would be a strange thing to see in the west and especially in the u.s. 
   well , that 's cool and all , but if it 's to put on a show and to fluff it up , i find it even more disconcerting that an usamerican calls a military parade on a military holiday `` in bad taste '' , your words , not mine . 
   different opinions and culture i guess , but not making the connection seems odd to me . 
  the day you see tanks , rockets , and crap like that in a parade here is the you know that something has gone very , very wrong, 
   excuse me , but why are they not comparable ? 
  you are also `` parading '' planes on an airshow , and you are also `` parading '' ships when they show in a harbour/canal/whatever what they can do . 
  the scale is not comparable to marching thousands of soldiers with equipment through the streets . 
  the blue angels are cool and all , but you wo n't find a person in america who considers this to be a parade . 
  entertainment , pr , something like that . 
  fleet week ... i honestly think many people who do n't live near the coast do n't know that it 's a thing at all , but again , it 's not something we 'd consider a parade . 
   also , why add soldiers to a parade that has nothing to do with the military at all . 
  it might not be a purely military parade , but it still partly is , especially when there is next to no connection . 
  i mean , st.patricks day and parading soldiers ? 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  green uniforms ? 
  depends on context . 
  st. patricks ' day because irish immigrants made up a significant chunk of the union forces during the civil war , and they did disporportionate amount of the fighting and dying . 
  really , none of the people marching in those parades have anything to do with ireland of being irish ( high school bands , prominent people in the community , sponsored floats ) , but they 're present anyways . 
  if you 're lucky , you 'll have someone ( usually a priest ) actually from ireland , but that 's about it . 
  more than anything it 's to put on a show . 
  college football celebrations and random stuff like that because , usually , they 're assigned to carry the u.s. flag . 
  in other cases smaller town economies are dependent on nearby bases for survival , and including them is more or less a pr stunt to keep the bases nearby . 
  and , again , to fluff the parade up and make it entertaining . 
  you should n't underestimate the need for fluff-i went to law school in a tiny little town , and recall very well that the christmas `` parade '' was basically a garbage truck , a truck used to salt the roads during the winter , and a few cop cars-all with some christmas lights strung on to the sides . 
  not an inspiring sight, 
  because an eventual invasion of the mainland had to happen from somewhere , and bringing the soviets in and offering japanese territory in exchange was not a difficult trade-off to make either way . 
  the idea that we needed help despite pushing japan from one end of the pacific to the other from 1942 forward is really silly,
