  um ... she died during the jump . 
  how can anyone know whether `` poor english '' caused anything ? 
  did they dial up a psychic medium and ask her ? 
  there has to be something more useful to say in this article . 
  that and caesar was just an awful human being in general , even by the low standards of the late roman republic/roman empire, 
  ataturk 's idealized turkey never was . 
  imposing modernity and suppressing barbarism via repeated coups and systemic repression is n't that much different from what we 're seeing now , and that 's what turkey has been since it 's independence, 
  do n't defend-there 's no need to apologize . 
  sling an insult back i 'd say , except the original poster does n't have a flair to attack . 
  shame leads to hiding it i suppose, 
  why would they even want to ? 
  weirdness all around . 
  why would they even want to ? 
  weirdness all around . 
  it 's a joke . 
  no one here reads what this is , even knows what this is , and they 're not going to change that . 
  that 's why i said `` if '' i read it i would know-not going to happen . 
  i 'm not in the habit of reading english-language stuff from russian toys like belarus, 
  if being the operative word, 
  no one knows what a belta is except op, 
  should be question mark . 
  they 're two different places , so idk how the slash would make sense in any scenario . 
  idk , i was just surprised that it would be higher than the rest of western europe . 
  did n't see an immediately obvious reason why portugal would support nato membership more than the rest of we . 
  not like nato is related to that though . 
  netherlands simply is n't threatened enough to support that high support level imo . 
  lower than expected , and high in seemingly weird places ( portugal ? 
  netherlands/denmark ? ), 
  even turkey seems high, 
  nord stream ii though, 
  exactly my thought when i read it . 
  and exactly why i have hard time thinking of russia as european, 
  whatever that means, 
  either way , seems a weird thing for a person from a smaller nation in europe to oppose . 
  even if someone hated schengen , the common market , euro , and everything other random eu thing , a theoretically competent defensive force should look pretty appealing . 
  just surprising, 
  ah yes , the lunatics in the tea party . 
  i actually forgot about them-because they basically took over the gop . 
  i can only imagine what they looked like from afar . 
  i can ' e believe there even are royalists anymore , but i met one for sure . 
  very surprising to see such pessimism even in nice areas in paris . 
  just did n't know really . 
  this was shortly after the election i think, 
  why would slovakia hate it so much ? 
  apparently the boston tea party is a thing brits know about . 
  i 'm surprised really-seems a small event in the grand scheme of things, 
  show me one trade agreement that meets the purity test . 
  so few do ; experience says that we are very bad at producing ones that do more good for note people than they do bad . 
  much more common to produce monstrosities that benefit few at the expense of many . 
  like i said , 5 % er . 
  feel free to explain why i 'm wrong though . 
  if i got ta see baby pics and hear about baby suff , they got ta see and hear about how awesome it is to not have kids . 
  only fair haha, 
  like some cheesecake do you, 
  your characterization of what i said is entirely incorrect . 
  i did not and do not say that the concept ca n't work without the us-it ca n't work period due to political incentives in various member states . 
  the us has nothing to do with its success or failure , that 's all internal to the eu . 
  we are n't part of that equation . 
  because , no offense , italy is a fucking mess , and rome in particular is a messed up place . 
  yea , that 's exactly how it went . 
  totally . 
  russia is totally doing anything to isis in raqqa . 
  for realsies . 
  unsurprising that bullshit , lies , and nonsense are spewed so often on here . 
  can you get me a job as a shitty shill maybe ? 
  you really need to work on the narrative though . 
  this fake one is weak and bad even by the usual standards, 
  i do n't get the panda thing . 
  they 're ok ( seen them plenty of times in dc and atlanta ) . 
  just not that cool compared with other animals in a decent zoo, 
  yea it 's crazy to be among the last of my friends without kids ( also 28 ) . 
  awesome , but strange, 
  cheese , not cheesecake , i hope, 
  so edgy bro . 
  that 's what everyone does . 
  russians are not interested in hunting those that threaten the west , though , and even has incentives to keep them around as an example of what will happen if assad is removed . 
  while i find the idea of just voting on shit in public not all that civilized and a weird example for you to choose , i ca n't disagree that italy is n't the best messenger for the criticism . 
  but the news and much of reddit ( including this sub ) tell me that free trade is a good and noble thing , and that the world will unite with free trade protectors like china ( lol ) in support of fta 's and against protectionism . 
  are you suggesting that this may not be 100 % true ? 
  welcome to part of the reason why fta 's have such a bad reputation at home . 
  you 're apparently in the 5 % of people in any place who is an asshole . 
  the other 95 % are probably cool , like most places . 
  ( except italy-full of rude people . ), 
  does n't change the fact , though : unless the west steps up to actually provide defense for the eu , it 's all talk , and there 's no reason to think they want to . 
  refusals to do so have been a sore point for years , long before trump . 
  i jsee no reason for this to change . 
  wanting something and wanting to accept the burden to do it are different things , no matter how salty someone is or how badly people wish it were different . 
  if it took trump to actually spur europe to take security seriously , then it really was n't a worthwhile part of nato anyway , so i 'm not salty about it . 
  i personally think it 's outlived it 's usefulness anyways , but i am in the minority on that one . 
  i just find it funny that people are so defensive about the obvious issues with the idea of an eu army . 
  i just do n't think a bunch of places who have spent years avoiding responsibility for their own defense really want to reverse course . 
   actually it 's not as dumb as it sounds , it is definitely as dumb , or possibly dumber , than it sounds . 
  and all i see is wishful thinking by someone who does n't like the reality facing the place . 
  uncomfortable truths are still truths . 
  estonia 's tough spot does not change the fact that the rest of europe ( or much of it , especially the west ) is n't serious about defense and does n't want to be . 
  closer defense cooperation/integration is n't going to change this . 
  you can believe that this will change , but i see no reason why it would . 
  you 're talking in deceptive circles . 
  you are not diversifying anything here-the exact opposite . 
  and deepening a dependency that makes you very vulnerable to russian influence no less .
