  i ca n't find it right now , but there was that one youtube video about black lives matter where one guy said he actually is black , since his grandmother is ( he looks tanned white guy ) , and the black woman laughed at him and said no he is n't . 
  so yes , people are questioning your `` identity '' if your claims sound ludicrous . 
  yes , because a guy who looks white claiming to be black is ... unusual . 
  white people claiming to be irish in some capacity does not require the same logical jump . 
  also , and more importantly , there 's something ... maybe inappropriate is the right word about a white person claiming to be a member of a protected class . 
  it 's more a matter of the right to claim discrimination and persecution than anyone caring what their background is . 
  that 's not something that people are ok with in general . 
  same goes for white people that are 1/16 part native american who look exactly like what hitler had in mind in terms of racial purity claiming to be native american and acting like they are the inheritors of the injustices done to the native americans . 
  this is the equivalent of me claiming that i 'm partially discriminated against based on gender just because i have one x chromosome like women happen to have . 
   there is a clear difference between `` irish '' and `` of irish heritage '' though . 
  a more severe case would be if i call myself roman because i may be probably of roman descent since they had a settlement here , forever ago . 
  the only people that do n't understand this are the ones who appear confused when someone here says that they are irish-no one seriously thinks that they are irish citizens . 
   the burden of proof in that case is on you , so unlike with a degree , you kinda have no way of doing that unless the dictionary and other official sources change the definition of the term . 
  it looks that way to you , but there 's no inquisition into the matter over here , so no one has to prove anything . 
  that 's how people can get here can get away with claiming that their ancestors were on the mayflower , fought against the british , or were part of whatever historical event you want to bring up . 
  no one 's questioning it . 
  if you say you 're irish , there wo n't be a racial purity test issued to confirm or deny the statement . 
   also , the `` i would if i could get away with it '' adds a certain amount of maliciousness to it in my opinion , which i hope was not intended . 
  no one 's questioning it , so there 's not much danger of people questioning where your ancestors actually came from . 
  incidentally , burgers that are part pork and part beef are fairly popular here , so i think most people really would n't object to calling it a beef patty with pork mixed in . 
  `` made with real beef '' is how you would label a patty with 5 % beef, 
   like , would you call a burger patty beef if it only contained ~ 5 % beef , the rest pork ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  you apparently do n't expect me to say yes , but ... 
  i would if i could get away with , no doubt about it . 
  so it is with claiming that your family immigrated from somewhere that 's deemed interesting . 
  who 's going to tell you that you ca n't , or actually prove you wrong ? 
  they also know that escalating would only play into erdogan 's hands and feed the sense of siege of victimization and grievance that he 's played on, 
  if we get the chance to say we 're no . 
  1 at something , we take it , however dubious the claim, 
  yea , and we do n't care , honestly . 
  no one really identifies with any of those places-it 's just cool to have come from certain places but not others . 
  ireland being the coolest . 
  no one will bat an eye if it 's most other places, 
   we have real irish people we have something like 8x more people of irish descent than ireland has people . 
  we 're as real as it gets on that front , and as long as we remain numerous and loud about it , we 're going to stay that way, 
   that the outrageous things him and the republicans are actually doing get ignored . 
  you 've got it backwards . 
  trump tweets and rants bullshit precisely because the gop is n't accomplishing anything right now . 
  i mean , aside from giving everyone a strong argument as to why an alliance with us is a bad idea . 
  he 's more undoing good things than anything else, 
  they can join and they can leave . 
  russia gives them every incentive to join , so they do . 
  i do n't see what 's confusing about it , or why russia is so worried about a few people in lithuania or wherever are doing, 
   even if it was a stunt there is nobody else blame than russia . 
  he 's saying that the `` stunt , '' assuming it was one , only worked because trust in russia is so low due to previous events . 
   the us would go ape shit if mexico was to them what the baltic countries are to russia . 
  in fact they did exactly that and throwed a huge tantrum in 1962 . 
  it is n't though , because we 've long since taken everything we wanted from mexico . 
  the only reason russia acts this way towards the baltics is because their sense of dominion is undermined by the region 's association with nato . 
   the russian deal with nato was that eastern european countries would not join the bloc at all . 
  russia does not have a `` nato '' of its own , they do not place scary military stuff in ireland or andorra . 
  nato made no such deal , because nato members did n't have to make such a deal . 
  the power imbalance should make that obvious to anyone . 
  that 's a myth that russians push to justify their behavior towards neighbors that seek separation from moscow . 
   except , how did russia bully montenegro ? 
   did you even have a say in these matters ? 
  there was no vote , or referendum and the poll from 2016 suggests a 38 % split with rest being undecided on the issue . 
  electing people who do it is the say in the matter . 
  they can elect someone else if they disagree . 
  referendums are not necessary for all , or even most , decisions, 
  it 's all in english , but the brand is baltika . 
  it 's on par with something like sam adams in terms of quality , but it 's ridiculously cheap . 
  same thing with anything from the baltics, 
  then why are they $ 100 million per plane , at least in this deal ? 
  that 's as much as the f-35a . 
  operating costs are lower for the gripen , but the gripen is either not that cheap , or bulgaria overpaid for it, 
  half-hearted attempts to get rebels to fight isis and ignore assad are not what started the conflict , or what made it spiral out of control . 
  you ca n't seriously tell me that this is why syria is nightmare right now, 
   beer is more popular on the market beer is probably the only russian product i 've ever seen in stores here . 
  just one brand , but still . 
  it 's surprisingly good, 
  being a nun would be the profession/career . 
  nursing , teaching , etc. 
  would be part of what they do as nuns . 
  when they 're teaching classes , or working in a hospital , they 're not dressed as teachers or nurses or doctors-they 're wearing whatever you call the stuff that nuns wear . 
  true for catholic church anyways, 
  yea , i do n't think they get what dogfighting means , because whatever this was , it was n't fighting of any kind, 
  1490 's maybe, 
  no idea , but that does n't seem to matter to his ideal solution . 
   sure , there is a big chance that the country would descend back into chaos if international troops were to leave but that 's not the point . 
  the stability right now is what matters . 
  to put it bluntly : no it does n't . 
  the minute we leave , the taliban will simply kill the teachers and threaten the students , probably just adding to the refugee mess . 
  thinking that those 40 % of female students will ever go to school again is really laughable . 
   over time setting up these structures and educating the population will move the country away from the abyss . 
  let 's be really honest with ourselves : unless a rather significant portion of afghans over a certain age are systematically killed , those below that age nurtured for years to support those structures , none of our current efforts there will have any lasting impact in the way you seem to think they will . 
  ( obviously not going to happen ) . 
  he 's saying that anyone who transited a safe county should be sent back to wherever they entered europe from . 
  it 's a deterrent measure , and it 's not related to conditions in libya right now, 
   the discussion is not about whether or not most people crossing from libya originate from libya , it is about whether libya can be considered safe enough so someone crossing would be sent back there . 
  no , it is n't . 
  u/deutschbag _ is saying that many migrants transit a safe country before they get to libya , and that libya just happens to be the most convenient and used route currently available for migrants to reach europe . 
  nothing more . 
  he 's made the point several times , only to be met with disingenuous claims that he somehow listed libya as a safe country for refugees . 
  there is no discussion about libya being a safe country , for what should be obvious reasons . 
  you need to thank someone else for syria, 
   sure , afghanistan is still highly unstable but in comparison to the total shithole it has been before , the isaf presence achieved some considerable improvements . 
  list one improvement that will not disappear within months , or a few years , of foreign forces leaving afghanistan, 
   something that was less known untill the dutch program 2doc highlighted it was that several citizens of the us , france , uk and others were held hostage by the serbians and threatened to be killed in an earlier action of the un vs the serbians .
