  good for them then . 
  never been , but i am surprised that they have it while the rest of europe ( also in places where it gets crazy hot ) does n't, 
  i have serious doubts that much of western europe would respond without major prodding , but also doubt that russia would act so overtly . 
  maybe . 
  i see it as another avenue for eu states to attempt to free ride off of security provided by others ( this time other eu states ) . 
  none are serious about defense , and none want to be . 
  proponents are just hoping someone else will step up . 
  they 'll never agree on who gets to free ride and who does n't, 
  sprawly american cities ca n't do it . 
  idk about honolulu , but places like atlanta ? 
  let the debate over which eu countries get to continue the free ride on the actual defense capabilities of others and who gets to continue neglecting defense begin . 
  i stopped in a cafe and asked the owner what made an americano different from regular coffee in france when i first got there . 
  we got to talking , and he literally told me that he now thinks republics are a bad idea and prefers to have a rich monarch not interested in being corrupt . 
  he was an outlier , but everyone i talked to was pretty pessimistic about the political scene . 
  seems to me that this sub is way , way more enthusiastic about macron than people in paris were, 
  idk , i just know that i did n't see it in the north to the extent that i saw it elsewhere in places like italy or germany . 
  yea , you 're trolling here . 
  quite possibly a paid shill . 
  seem to be a lot of you around these days edit : i mean , you have to be paid in order to suspend reality enough to think that hrc would admit to something like this before congress . 
  you embarrass yourself , shill . 
  for those who do n't want to read russian bullshit and lies , a cnn summary : https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2016/08/12/middleeast/here-is-how-isis-began/index.html, 
  maybe the migrants will flock there after hearing about the relatively backward social attitudes . 
  that would be fair, 
  amsterdam is really not big enough for all that . 
  was surprised . 
  pretty , but not big at all . 
  you 'd think the holland pass would direct people around more . 
  not if things are too spread out for it to work, 
  ... former al qaeda in iraq members became isis . 
  also , the us has bombed the syrian army maybe five time in the entire war , due to stupidity and fog of war . 
  you 're just making crap up with this one . 
  idk what you 've been reading , but it sounds it like it includes a hefty dose of sputnik and russian nonsense . 
  the really surprising part is that there was n't a refugee exodus from iraq years ago . 
  bad as parts are now , iraq was much worse when they really going at each other in full-blown sectarian conflict between nearly all sides , coupled with intra-shiite violence in the south near the oilfields in basra, 
  i 'll do you one better than turkey being held up as model : how about assad as a potential modernizer and reformer ? 
  it 's been a while , but sarkozy was in love with him in the late 2000 's , and time did a flattering piece that i ca n't find atm . 
  it 's laughable really, 
  it means that the eu army is more another tool to allow everyone to not be serious about defense than an actual tool for providing it . 
  members already do n't prioritize it ; why would this change when you can rely on the eu for defense ? 
  it will make the incentives to do so greater . 
  i 'm aware-i went to those places . 
  i just mean that the crisis barely existed in the netherlands , and i do n't know what extra interest you have in a refugee deal given that the problem really is n't one that you seem to face . 
  this is a random and weird comment, 
  it 's not zero sum , but there is an inverse relationship . 
  the more decentralized , the weaker the ability to project power in an outward fashion by the confederation ( for a number of reasons ) or even agree on a plan for increasing its ability to do so . 
  it also crumbled the moment its creator died ... 
  decentralized states are inherently unable to become as powerful as ones with centralized authority like the us . 
  you 'll never have it both ways . 
  they 're not the cool refugees though . 
  besides , best to keep quiet about them while nord stream 2 gets built and especially afterwards . 
  priorities and such, 
   retreat from paris climate agreement . 
   act like the world environmental police . 
   choose one . 
  ... you act like vw punishment is actually related to the environment , and not to gaining unfair advantages by cheating like crazy . 
   you can not sue the same people over and over for the same fact , either the company is responsible and pay or single people are , not both . 
  you need to real a basic legal primer in a big way if you think this is even remotely true , or what 's happening here, 
   what if usa elect president , who is way more friendly with russian goverment , then any of the nato allies ? 
  then i guess the nato allies who do n't look after themselves to the degree that they should are in a tight spot . 
  show me an actual conflict in the past 20 years between opponents with well-armed forces , where such a thing might have mattered . 
  you have your answer . 
  assuming that every way will be chasing illiterates around the desert or jungle as you appear to suggest is naive and unwise, 
  pretty much exactly what the other poster said : weak , distant , abstract , irrelevant to daily life . 
  it 's like asking if every european knows what nafta does or something similar . 
  obviously not, 
  not really . 
  it does n't affect most americans in any way on a daily basis . 
  i 'm not surprised most do n't know or care much about it . 
  most definitely not what matters most . 
  not one person on this sub learned another english with a paper list of vocal words . 
  if you look at the vocabulary on paper , yes . 
  hear them spoken ? 
  you 'd never know the three were in any eat related, 
  if you look at the vocabulary on paper , yes . 
  hear them spoken ? 
  you 'd never know the three were in any eat related, 
  all talk from russia . 
  putin has been extremely careful to avoid a confrontation in syria for good reason , and he wo n't change that policy no matter how many empty threats russia makes . 
  because china has zero interest or ability to project power in the baltics , and even less interest in a confrontation with the west . 
  they would throw russia under a dozen busses if necessary just to maintain good relations with the west . 
  it 's a messaging-move that makes no sense and serves to show how weak and isolated russia really is . 
  idk , maybe . 
  i was in the netherlands for a few weeks , and i really did not see a wave a refugees there , or anything like the effects i saw somewhat in germany or can truly see in italy . 
  not sure what extra interest you have there ( unless you mean europe in general ) . 
  hmm , probably ca n't even trust their official numbers . 
  i doubt that 's even at 3500 , though whatever the number is they are all probably concentrated in the west . 
  yea , it 's hilarious honestly, 
  it 's all true , too . 
  even now , with oil low and is/canada pumping more oil , they and russia are in rough shape . 
  just need to drive the blade in deeper and phase oil out, 
  it 's definitely wrong to say that anyone here sees the eu as a leading force . 
  we both know that that is n't true . 
  most people are barely aware of what the eu is ; how can they have such an opinion about it ? 
  they definitely see working around trump as attractive and necessary though . 
  it 's definitely wrong to say that anyone here sees the eu as a leading force . 
  we both know that that is n't true . 
  most people are barely aware of what the eu is ; how can they have such an opinion about it ? 
  they definitely see working around trump as attractive and necessary though . 
  the russians lie about and deny everything , reality and evidence be damned . 
  r/russiadenies exists for a reason .
