  that 's the point : assuming that it is n't is just as inaccurate as assuming that it is . 
  it requires assuming that this outcome was contemplated and accepted way back when , and there 's no reason to think that, 
   that is no longer valid . 
  china is the a big player in intellectual property ( ip ) protection , filing more patents than the us . 
  thus , ip protection is in china 's interest . 
  that 's a shallow analysis . 
  so long as they can make more from stealing ip , the pure number of patents are meaningless . 
  also , there is no reason to think that enforcement will be fair with respect to foreign ip holders vs. domestic ones . 
  when i see them filing patents somewhere other than in china on a consistent basis , my opinion will change, 
   until this glaring piece of protectionism is lifted , the eu should not pledge to closer cooperation as its in violation of its cornerstone of its trade policy , which is to enforce a level playing field for all parties . 
  talking about doing something , and actually doing something , are very different things . 
  what is the eu or whoever going to say ? 
  `` nah-you can fuck right off , thanks . '', 
  do n't think so . 
  see : donald trump for an example of words vs. actions . 
  china is n't going to open up in the same way that we open up , no matter how many pretty words their diplomats put out there . 
  the reverse is also true with respect to them, 
   i stated objective facts and you just called me scum because those facts did n't agree with your views and i 'm the partisan one ... only a partisan hack would take a ridiculous position like yours . 
   ` my side will only put up with you so long you partisan scum !!! ', 
  it 's a fact . 
  you can not deny that the mentality has shifted here . 
  we 've had to endure bush ( ruinous for the nation ) , and now trump , thanks to a system that gives a minority of voters greater say over all levels of federal government than their numbers warrant . 
  you 're a fool if you think this is n't a serious issue, 
  partisan scum like you is no small part of why polarization is so strong here . 
  the majority will only put up with it for so long, 
   millions of conservatives in california and millions of liberals in texas just do n't even try because they know their vote do n't matter , therefore the grand total is a bit meaningless . 
  all the more reason for change . 
  there is no way to defend the current system other than `` it 's what we 've had already '', 
  in big cities in that region , the police are overwhelmingly irish , and have been for a very long time . 
  something they cornered the market on way back when . 
  that , and everyone white person in america claims to be irish , so ... 
  i would n't know what a pole looks like compared to other white people if i saw one, 
  it is special this time-the gap has never been so large , and it has never happened so consistently . 
  republicans have won the presidency 3 times in the past 5 elections-but won the popular vote once ( 2004 ) . 
  people are not as accepting of it anymore . 
   this `` it ca n't happen to us '' attitude is what makes it happen in the first place . 
  no it is not . 
  we 've only ever had one president serve more than two terms , and he was one of the most popular of all time ( fdr ) . 
  we rewarded his success with term limits . 
  you are dead wrong on this one no matter what your perception is . 
  i assume you only think it 's feasible since merkel 's been in power for ages , and because she 's not unique in that regard . 
  poor bases for such an assumption, 
   what happened in uk or the us is just the normal course of democracy , even if you do n't like the outcome . 
  people getting fewer votes than their competitors somehow `` winning '' an election is hardly the normal course of democracy , though, 
  no , we make the rules when it comes to english . 
  we just decide to change it as we see fit . 
  if we do it , by definition , it ca n't be wrong . 
  i mean , if england and new england do n't make the english rules , idk who does, 
   neither does bolivia 's constitution , but look at their current president in his third term doing his worst to get a 4th . 
  you really do n't know us very well if you think people are going to stand for a third-term president, 
  they definitely are, 
   it 's an option when the branches actually check each other , they wo n't as long as republicans feel they can be elected and they have gerrymandered shit to hell meaning many wo n't fear not getting reelected . 
  republicans ca n't accomplish anything right now-it does n't matter . 
  there 's little that needs checking , and the judiciary has already done what little it needed to . 
  it 's not ethics-risk of losing your valuable ip with no legal recourse ( china , after all ) should push the greed to keep you from taking that risk in the first place . 
  businesses have no ethics, 
   either i am missing a certain agreement between the us and china or this statement does n't make sense . 
   we all have one with them , ** to some extent ** , through the wto . 
  the wto still provides ( in theory ) a fairly high level of access to each other 's markets . 
  the point is that china flouts those rules like no other nation on earth . 
  deepening trade ties would be foolish , given that fact, 
  i mean , we detest our politicians too , but there would be riots if we thought a rehab facility was being used as a forced brothel for someone in the president 's cabinet . 
  and i mean real , american-style , guns 'n' patriots type riots, 
   well their position means that they need to refuse to acknowledge the authority of the arbitral tribunal . 
  participating in such process at all is participation and acknowledgement . 
  not in any legal system that i 'm aware of . 
  you have to show up to assert procedural defenses , or you waive them . 
  i have n't read the decision , but i have no doubt that unclos arbitrators found some form of waiver of this particular provision . 
  if anything , getting a ruling that unclos did n't apply would make their case better than anything else ever could . 
  sounds like a big mistake on their part, 
  never seen the wire . 
  i will tell you , though , that if there 's some suggestion that americans have a view on what poles are like , then that part is fiction, 
  i have no idea-definitely do n't watch the credits , and have n't followed baseball for a while now . 
  i just know that polish people actually from poland are not that common here, 
  seems pretty rational to me . 
  come here instead : germany : `` oh , i have to meet a pole . '', 
  ( sarcasm ) america : `` oh , i get to meet a pole ! '', 
  ( sincerity ), 
  no one likes playing by the rules , but no one ignores them like china does . 
  yep-i stopped reading after 1-4 . 
  weird that china refused to show up for arbitration , then ; seems like an obvious procedural win for them . 
   a better description of what 's happening is that the verb does not agree with people , but with an implied person ( it 's more obvious what 's going on when you rephrase the statement - one person in five is ) . 
  this is a better explanation because it 's more predictive . 
  it can explain why one in three cats scratches furniture : not because cats can act as a singular collective noun , but because of the clause . 
  i think you 're right . 
  i do n't see that caveat listed under their reservations . 
  also , if they really had , the unclos arbitration would never had found that it had jurisdiction . 
  that would have gotten the action dismissed very quickly, 
  give the republicans time-they 'll find a way, 
  gerrymandering is a big problem , just not in presidential elections, 
  setting all that aside , why was your pm hanging around a drug rehab facility in the first place ? 
  that ca n't be a normal thing , and that alone seems like enough for him to lose his next election, 
  even if . 
  besides , even if he did push such an angle , congress would immediately reinstate all sanctions in order to minimize the disastrous damage it would do the republican party 's image, 
  various members of trump 's entourage have said bad things about it , including the now-ambassador to the eu who said it needed taming like the soviet union got . 
  trump 's actions show that 's indifferent at worst to the eu , and it 's probably because he 's mostly ignorant as to what it is and does . 
  he was a dick to merkel but honestly , he 's a dick to everyone . 
  that 's how he thinks you get the upper hand on someone . 
  he was even rude to the pm of australia , possibly the most popular and liked nation in america ( certainly more than trump himself ) , over something that did n't matter at all . 
  why ?
