  most here loved him . 
  surprising to most of them that frenchies do n't love him as much as they do . 
  i 'm not . 
  everyone who would ever abandon trump already has . 
  it will be 33 % from now until the end of the universe , barring the occasional bump after certain events and then a regression to the mean . 
  he 's just got too many tribals who wo n't abandon him . 
  they are like the fuckers and iraq and afghanistan who support every piece of shit put in front of them because they 're from the same tribe, 
  we do n't drive diesel cars , and prefer japanese or american cars anyways . 
  especially japanese . 
  the only people who have reason to care about this are people who drive diesels or who really drive german cars in huge numbers i guess, 
  as if americans give foreign language any thought at all . 
  c'mon , now-you are not an ag power . 
  your numbers are high because of stuff like flowers . 
  it 's not because you are super-productive compared to everyone else . 
  it 's deceptive to claim to be the second-largest ag exporter in the world when that comprises like 2/3 of the total . 
  i seriously doubt that his disapproval rating is actually higher than trump 's . 
  until it is n't more stable . 
  it sits on a knife 's edge , just like tunisia did . 
  and we were all just lucky that tunisia did n't turn out worse . 
  you ca n't assume that morocco is a stable or wise choice, 
  nfl stadiums are tiny compared to the powerhouse college teams ' football stadiums . 
  they do n't come from there-they chose to file suit there because it was friendly to the trolls because the town get tons of money from both sides by doing so , and because you used to be able a patent infringement case in any federal court in the country ( so they of course chose that texas town ) . 
  they ca n't choose where to file anymore , though , so trolling like this is not nearly the issue it used to be, 
  you ca n't tell me that anything other than `` bank and playground for global rich '' comes to mind when someone says switzerland . 
  healthcare is really what kills people here . 
  few people anywhere in the world are rich enough to cover the sudden expenses that you can get hit with here . 
  you just ca n't prepare for or escape it, 
  worry not - u/finndacool is one of the types who would swear to you that grass is n't green , just because an american said it was . 
  he understands that unpopular opinions need protection from a tyrannical majority , and that this inevitably leads to unpalatable ones receiving protection as well-he just wo n't admit it because you , an american , said it . 
  switzerland ? 
  really ? 
  there are no thought police in america . 
  i know , i know , the jew-cooking germans are unfamiliar with the concept , but it 's a pretty simple one at heart . 
  shutting people down only encourage them . 
  so it is with hate speech and the like as well . 
  especially with right-wing extremists who exist on a narrative of the government silencing them . 
  of course . 
  when foreign interventions go south , congress does n't get blamed-they can be hawkish with 0 penalty . 
  i do n't see people cursing the names of the senators who voted to invade iraq ; just hate for bush . 
  same idea, 
  it means he had an election where he did n't want the democrat to lose to someone swearing to hell and back to stay out of crap overseas , which was the trump line from day one , and democrats up for election that he did n't want to make more vulnerable, 
  did you read the article ? 
  the fact that actors abroad will still avoid iran if us sanctions go through more or less throws the rest of that out the window . 
  it does n't matter if the international sanctions are reimplemented or not-if iran is seen as too risky a place to do business , the effect is largely the same . 
  compliance checks are all well and good , but i doubt very much that inspections provide anywhere near the information that espionage has or will . 
  they are more a symbol or cooperation than anything . 
  georgia is 5x bigger than belgium , but has slightly fewer people . 
  would not have guessed, 
  yes , and my point is that you are not getting how unpopular that program was , and how much that influenced decisions elsewhere like ukraine, 
  oh , i can see the world getting rather nervous about former nazis staking claims to lands in europe that do n't belong to them . 
  i can think of two places not willing to tolerate german irredentism , and one of them is the us, 
  no one cared , or cares , about that . 
  i get so tired of explaining this over and over . 
  you know what happened with those weapons ? 
  they wound up in isis ' hands , in nusra 's hands , literally doing nothing other than being captured by or sold to people we never wanted to have them . 
  arming the rebels in syria was such a damaging waste that it 's stunning . 
  it 's not that difficult to put 2 and 2 together and see why people at that time would hesitate . 
  shitpost level : 9,000,000, 
  people are not omniscient-they do n't know if it will pass or not , but the small chance that it will not cost money is worth taking . 
  most of afghanistan is illiterate-i 'd be skeptical of anything written by them and translated into english . 
  also , while they dislike the taliban 's methods , the ugly truth is that they have more in common with the taliban ( certain ethnic groups like hazaras aside ) than anything else . 
  even if by some miracle democracy took root and functioned , the government 's policies would look a lot like what the taliban tries to enforce . 
  i get that leaving would cause problems , but what chance is there that we could ever accomplish anything in afghanistan ? 
  none . 
  noble goals and aims , though extremely misguided , is probably the best description of efforts in afghanistan . 
  ... medicaid has existed since the 60 's . 
  it does n't pay a monthly wage , but which is better : the benefits from medicaid , or the wage ? 
  if you are in bad health , it 's not a tough question for many . 
  re-entering the international community is not the same as circumventing the sanctions . 
  if companies are not willing to defy us sanctions , and the diplomatic glad-handing in the world is n't going to change the realities on the ground . 
  that 's sort of the article 's main takeaway, 
  you underestimate how anti-intervention the public was back then , after all the failures and fuckups in the middle east . 
  i do n't think he could have done so , politically, 
  i agree with this . 
  my experience was that the cell phone market is frustratingly fragmented , and you more or less have to buy a sim in each country that you visit . 
  lycamobile might work , if he does n't mind just recharging the thing . 
  so this . 
  do not let the whiny fucks bitter about brexit obscure this fact . 
  if ag companies let their fields rot , they will have no one but cheap selves to blame . 
  people will do this work , but they wo n't do it for garbage wages . 
  we have the exact same problem with illegal immigrants , who are not bad people themselves , doing this sort of work under the table and undercutting the wage market so much that no one even could do these jobs . 
  either you 'll pay them more , or they will automate their production processes . 
  it really does n't matter what europe does-the article makes clear that big companies are already avoiding engagement with iran due to the uncertainty over sanctions . 
  i mean , boeing probably stands to gain more than any company except perhaps for whichever oil companies are allowed to develop new oil fields , and trump is still not persuaded . 
  oh look , an edgy german who would never do a thing to help ukraine in any way and who also did n't read the article , commenting about something they do n't know anything about and fishing for upvotes just because the comment sounds vaguely critical of the u.s. 
  shocking, 
  more like ... you 're acting like everyone is acting like people go the doctor for a little cold , and then go bankrupt because of it . 
  you are rolling the dice with anything more serious . 
  the minute you start needing tests that need to be interpreted by a specialist , you are rolling the dice . 
  right ? 
  tw = trespass all you want with no consequences . 
   it puts other , more peaceful , un activities in the region such as bringing water etc at risk and makes them a target for the islamists . 
  as if they would leave the un in peace to do work like that under any circumstances, 
   what needs to be done right now is train and fund the afghan forces to defend themselves from the taliban . 
  waste of money and time . 
  fact is , no one in afghanistan wants the central government to succeed , and few actually see the taliban as some regressive bunch of butchers like we do . 
  there are plenty of good and bad reasons for hating the government and its forces , but the basic fact remains that afghans simply are n't interested in fighting the taliban in order to prop the government up-or even at all , once it become advantageous for them not do so in connection with their tribal and ethnic strife bullshit . 
  it 's a shame that we 've wasted so much money and so many lives over there , but there 's little point pretending that there 's anything to gain by continuing to do so . 
   but your society has huge problems and is extremly divided . 
  this is has never not been true , whether the rest of the world suddenly decided to notice for the first time or not .
