   how do you feel qualified to comment here ? 
  you did n't even know the text of the agreement was released two years ago . 
  ... except for the part where i knew when it was made public back in 2015 ? 
  oh no , i forgot we 're already late in 2017-how horrible . 
  `` nato military head fears for job '', 
  italians . 
  foreigner in some way engaging with something that might qualify as italian . 
  you do the math on the hostility, 
  lech walesa is a one-in-a-generation type figure that is well-known among older americans-of course he will be mentioned . 
  if the polish government is going to get mad over acknowledging his role in solidarity , then so be it . 
  yea , former fbi directors testifying before the senate with cameras all around-so shady, 
  the germans are not doing anything to unify europe-the east and some of the south are raging constantly over the migrant issue that germany demands that everyone follow . 
  that 's on top of other slights like nord stream 2 . 
  you can think what you will of these individual decisions , but its disingenuous to say that germany is uniting europe . 
  it 's easily generating more tension than any other member , save maybe hungary . 
  as for france , macron barely started as president-no one knows what he is going to do . 
  i do know that many in the east dislike his ideas on posted workers , though . 
  seems like you 're conflating your approval of german policies with everyone 's approval of german policies . 
  having useful foils in trump and erdogan has also helped , no doubt . 
  the `` germany leads free world '' claim is a strange one in general , as the german government itself openly states that it can not and does not want to fill such a role . 
  weakened growth in either would be bad for china . 
  trump has no long-term vision for anything other than his own well-being . 
  idk if your take on it is right or wrong , but i do love this comment, 
   crickets when it comes to fucking over e. europe for cheap gas and economic interests . 
  are two middle fingers waving wildly in the air actually the same as silence-crickets ? 
  we need a philosopher to weigh in, 
   during g. w. bush 's time , poland split the eu foreign policy by joining the us 's ill-fated invasion of iraq . 
  the fact that poland could do this shows that `` eu foreign policy '' is a thing that does not actually exist . 
   one might have expected they learned from that unfortunate experience ; however , today again , poland again sides with the us against the eu . 
  probably because the eu is doing things that the poles dislike , and its most prominent members in particular are doing things to make poland uneasy, 
   marriage is not an unambiguous concept . 
  marriage is an extremely unambiguous concept . 
  you try that line on your wife/husband and see how far you get, 
  oh , that 's right-they all closed except for one in afghanistan that obama closed . 
  i think they closed due to opposition where they were located more than anything else , thinking back, 
  secrecy serves its purpose , but its pretty obvious that it did not help the tpp . 
  you were not here for the years of speculation and suspicion as to why industry lobbyists were drafting a trade agreement that no one could see , and that obama wanted fast-track authority to execute * even before anyone knew what was contained in the deal . 
  *  the only thing that killed it domestically was captain dumbarse president trump . 
  that 's a big misread on the domestic political situation . 
  it 's been unpopular for a long time . 
  congress barely , barely renewed fast-track authority in 2015 , and the struggle was due to growing resistance to the deal . 
  long before trump became a thing ; he just went along with public opinion . 
  the american right has hated europe for a long time , religion or no . 
  they hate russia a lot more though, 
  trump hates germany more than anything . 
  the eu is just ancillary to that . 
  it 's a pretty big overstatement to say that people actually care about the eu itself . 
  seems like many people on here put more stock in the eu 's importance to the u.s. than americans do . 
  you 'd be hard-pressed to find people who think that europe is capable of presenting a problem for us . 
  just how it is, 
  bush did in 2006 , after the abu ghraib fallout, 
  we 'd consider you to be both small and in ee . 
  so there 's that, 
  trading and uneven wealth distribution have very much gone hand-in-hand . 
  the government cannot/will not do anything about this for a number of reasons , so here we are, 
  another fine example of how this sub is becoming mediocre , like most others on reddit . 
  trump did n't convince people of that-life did . 
  there 's a reason clinton had to back away from tpp , and it 's not trump . 
  he 's just the only one to acknowledge that it 's not a magic panacea , and to be able to pretend to be credible while doing so, 
  you 're missing the point . 
  it 's already a perpetual civil war in libya . 
  there is no government to overthrow-just a handful of warlords vying to control the assets and areas that will make them rich . 
  tying to find some outcome in that reduces migration is probably the best-case scenario , if it 's possible at all, 
  dude , you 're italian . 
  sweden , denmark , and friends can lecture about good policies-not you . 
  we both know it . 
  and i 'm not saying it does . 
  you are british-you understand english well enough to know this . 
  just more deflection . 
  i 'm asking what his reasoning is for thinking this deal somewhat stands as a counter to what passes for trump 's trade policy , as u/finndacool held it up as such ( as did the eu rep quoted in the article ) , when it seems like the exact thing trump advocates for . 
  and it seems no one has any reasoning to support that claim . 
  it was first released in late , late 2015 . 
  all the prior secrecy exacerbated suspicion to the point that it helped kill the deal domestically . 
  various parts were leaked prior to that , though . 
  `` text of the agreement has been public for years now '' that 's one way it 's a model , if no other . 
  good luck finding any text other than leaks on things like tpp, 
  deflection again . 
  the last point is true . 
  iraqi army 2.0 if they throw their weapons down and run away, 
  i do n't read anything about it-who knew that finland used it ? 
  few people here at least . 
  it 's not something we 'd put up with in peacetime though, 
  you 're in a colossal failure-that 's the point people miss . 
  it 's down to the least-bad options , and it 's hard to see how propping up someone willing to stem the tide is really going to make it worse, 
  honestly , nukes sound the real solution to that problem, 
  at least you can feel good about yourself as it happens, 
  that 's apparently supposed to mean something to me , but it does n't, 
  a hate crime . 
  if the attacker does n't have some political goal in mind , they 're not using political violence , and thus not a terrorist, 
  do n't worry . 
  germany will eventually pass some censorship law that will require it . 
  problem ... solved ? 
  hate crimes do n't have political goals-if they did , they 'd just be terrorist attacks . 
  i would n't consider any political murder to be a hate crime for that reason-just a terrorist act, 
  you can let in as many as you want . 
  just do n't be surprised when problems of various sorts follow , from intermittent attacks to ghettoization and increasing financial burdens . 
  you 'll look back and wish you 'd dealt with the devil as it gradually gets worse . 
  why do you have conscription at all ? 
  what is the point ? 
  can you not attract enough volunteers ?
