   you dare to say that after the f-35 ? 
  you 're joking , right ? 
  there is nothing produced in europe that is comparable to the f-35 of f-22 . 
  the f-22 is the best fighter aircraft in the world , and f-35a is the second best . 
  objective facts . 
  whether you want to put the time and money into making something similar is a separate matter . 
   zumwalt class dd zumwalt was cancelled because it was trash , not due to cost . 
  it only went `` over budget '' because production was cancelled at three , making it insanely expensive on a per-unit basis, 
   the only reason the f35 seem to be getting sizable market share is , in my opinion , out of american wink-nudge diplomacy . 
  it 's the only game in town for fifth-gen fighters right now . 
  there are others in the pipeline . 
  but there is no certainty as to when they 'll be available ( if at all ) , or at what price . 
  it does : broader buy-in and funding sources , political influence over greece , stave off grexit and chaos that would ensue , and still de facto save own banks . 
  talk of some guilt about hitler is nonsense . 
  if that were so , germany would not have attached stringent requirements to the bailout . 
  this was a loan from many lenders ( not just germany ) that helped germany immensely , at least in the short run . 
  it does n't stem from feeling bad about anything, 
  having nothing but bad options still gives you options-you just chose the least unpalatable ( to you ) of the bad options, 
  i am the law . 
  no lectures needed, 
  i can respect that, 
  paid intern once , staff member briefly . 
  pay sucks , it 's not the career springboard one might assume , so i left pretty quickly . 
  germans perceiving themselves as carrying the equivalent of the white man 's burden ( just for the rest of humanity this time ) has been a thing for years , but went into hyperdrive in the past few years, 
  they hate all of their politicians, 
  please-go play around in the parts of the world you 've destroyed over the past few centuries and have your fun . 
  you do n't get to lecture people that are stronger than you , though , no matter how right you maybe conceptually . 
  no one thinks about or cares if foreigners send mail to a senator in that manner . 
  it happens all the time , and it 's always ignored . 
  it 's no sketchier than fake mass-mailings that i 've seen lobbying groups or probably certain companies put together on issues that no one but said entities coils possibly care about . 
  was this translated from another language ? 
  does n't seem to have an actual point despite the title . 
  author points out how eager germany is to cozy up to russia , but that 's got nothing to do with the title, 
  it wo n't matter . 
  might get struck down in court though-administrative reversals are not as simple as people think in many cases . 
  i will say , though , that some stuff does get through and makes an impression of sorts . 
  once , someone from the uk sent red trash cans to every senator with bush 's face on it that said `` white trash '' underneath his face . 
  still have it . 
  still think it 's hands-down the . 
  best thing anyone sent us, 
  you can message mine instead . 
  trust me , the unpaid intern reading that message will find a sarcastic message about it from someone overseas amusing, 
  germany would not have celebrated that . 
  you had your chance to force off the euro and the eu , and you chose this course instead . 
  you ca n't credibly make this claim given the past choices already made . 
  true or not , that 's still the concern . 
  letting greece go under would be problematic in other ways-contagion , the euro , grexit . 
  a stealth bailout using significant funds from sources other germany as well as germans funds was the net result . 
  two goals achieved , at less overall cost to you . 
  auto bailouts were much less controversial than the bank bailouts . 
  just your usual partisan opposition really . 
  china almost always opposes any measure that implies that igo 's or other external actors have the authority or right to sanction people for their misdeeds . 
  north korea is one of the only exceptions , and the chinese flout those anyways . 
  more broadly , it 's possible that they perceive these as harmful to some country or group that they want to do business with . 
  article is pretty vague on who gets targeted . 
  i have n't seen it either , only been once . 
  trust me , whatever you think of french people over there in italy is better than the french stereotypes here in the u.s. , and i still found them wrong even in a city like paris . 
  i hear mongolia is asking for it these days . 
  but then no one would notice or care because mongolia, 
  well , you just have to deal either way , trust or no . 
  assuming that the ultimate goal is a fiscal union is a big assumption . 
  do n't - the only reason it happened was to save their own banks . 
  not unlike our bailouts, 
  it 's ok-you can totally trust china though, 
  i loved it , and found that italy and especially rome was the overhyped destination . 
  florence was the bright spot of italy, 
  iflorence is the best city in italy by miles , but better than paris ? 
  really ? 
  that 's why i said ... one or two . 
  mad does n't disappear with russia, 
   i might have to remind you , that your own country had persecuted gay people until not that long ago , and you butchered ten thousands of innocent civilians in iraq for shits and giggles . 
   and i 'm sorry that i have to tell you this because i know you guys do n't like hearing this , but you are not a single bit better than russia , morally speaking . 
  in any way shape or form . 
  you torture innocent people , you support terrorist organisations and have in the past overthrown legitimate goverments . 
  and you have been complicit in every bit of it , hosting one of the largest american military presences on earth , happily lapping up the benefits of an american-provided global order and taking part in the bad so long as you get rich in the process . 
  you germans are so high and mighty on yourselves , but you 've been a part of literally everything we 've done and still do in the middle east . 
  mostly just a bunch of hypocrites eager to benefit from an order we 've provided , and too weak or unwilling to defy us to provide your own . 
  switzerland can whine like this . 
  sweden can whine like this . 
  you ... you need to just shut up and count your euros , or do something to back up your empty words . 
  though we all know you and your export-led economy wo n't do anything but keep being a complacent partner to the u.s. while you complain about the things you 're helping to make happen . 
   there is also the selfish factor here , that the bad things putin does , do n't actually impact us at al. 
  while the bad things donald trump does and could do , very much do and will . 
  you 're telling me that propping up assad and keeping the war going for years did n't affect you ? 
  really ? 
  lest we forget , assad was done before russia and iran swooped in and saved assad . 
  we ca n't know what would have happened otherwise , but pulverizing rebel-held syria hardly helped anyone other than assad . 
  or stirring up war in ukraine-that does n't affect you ? 
  really ? 
  it 's telling how dismissive you are of what russia does and wants to do in ee that 's supposedly part of the eu you claim to love so much . 
  you can add naivety to hypocrisy , perhaps . 
  more accurately , what you could say is that you are actually eager to cozy up to russia and perfectly willing to overlook it 's designs on the east in order to make a quick buck , thus the ridiculous comparison . 
  i mean , your former pm is a gazprom big-wig ( trump-level bullshit right there ) ; i guess you 're all hoping for the same treatment . 
  anyone who thinks that germans are not eager to continue looking the other way in the face of shadiness while making a buck and feeling good about themselves on that front is a fool . 
  hard to argue with that . 
  down with russia , below china ? 
  it 's a joke . 
  there 's no point keeping the facade up, 
  one is why we have sdi . 
  one will not prompt a massive exchange .
