  the only reason it is such a big deal here is because the president in particular and the gop generally are turning a blind eye for the sake of political convenience , whereas in the past both parties would work together to combat it as a matter of course and no one worried about it . 
   also , russian state media does n't shy away from spreading rumours about sweden at home . 
  at home in russia , sweden , or both ? 
  again , i 'd assume that anyone in sweden who watches russian state media probably already leans heavily in a certain direction politically . 
  very unlikely that it actually changes opinions . 
  there 's nothing to be done about the lies told in russian state media in russia itself . 
   i am not too worried about it thogh but even so it is a threat that exist . 
  and yes , it is probably like you say since it 's always easier to reaffirm believes than create new ones . 
  it does n't even reaffirm beliefs ; it just gives the like-minded a galvanizing narrative , and it only matters because turnout is such a big deal in elections here . 
  this should n't be as big an issue anywhere where that is less relevant . 
  maybe , though i think you underestimate how visceral the reaction to obama was . 
  the gop was going nuts before that , but obama 's election drove them to levels of craziness we have n't seen before . 
  the confederates were , literally , rebels that tried to break away from the government in order to preserve chattel slavery . 
  the conquistadors were n't looking to destroy spain, 
  they 're stored somewhere and preserved . 
  they literally sit on public land right now-courthouses and parks and such . 
  that 's where they 're being removed from, 
  it is clear . 
  my point is that a more realistic reading of this call is an excuse to continue doing too little . 
  there 's optimism about it on reddit , but the biggest nations in europe have no interest in stepping up to make it happen . 
  even if they did , would everyone else just make themselves an appendage of the stronger members ? 
  i just see it as an empty slogan , honestly . 
  his base wants to hear it , so he says it . 
  the contempt for obama among the gop is unreal, 
  no one says they have to be purged from the history books , but statues celebrating them ? 
   the current top story on bbc news is about donald trump 's apparent reluctance to condemn white supremacist groups . 
  reluctance to condemn white supremacist groups , but eagerness to shit on anyone else for any reason at any time . 
  that 's what people are most pissed about . 
   3 ) the removing of the confederate leaders statues is wrong . 
  why do you think this ? 
   i would like to know what rights exactly except right to own slaves there is an entire industry dedicated to pretending this is n't the case . 
   nazis were n't actually pro-white . 
  they were pro-certain-kind-of-white . 
  you think these people are n't ? 
  have you seen pictures of these people ? 
  may as well say dog means platonic soulmate in english, 
  i never knew bb guns fired anything but little balls . 
  getting shot in the eye is enough to count as seriously hurt . 
  close range , they 're a risk if you get hit in the right spot , too . 
  never think that bb gun ca n't seriously hurt someone . 
   long answer : i think that the biggest threat is in manipulating public opinion and cyber attacks to strengthen the russian position towards other countries . 
  do you really think they manipulate public opinion , or just reinforce it among the like-minded ? 
  i say the latter . 
   it is high time that europe gets its shit together and learns stand up for its own interest . 
  you 'll have to explain to me how this is a euphemism for `` someone else needs to provide continental security , though i do not wish to bear the burden needed to make it happen . '', 
  seems like it 's all just a call for someone else to step up , with everyone hoping that someone/everyone else will . 
   thats true for warfare against victims , not against someone on eye-hights : most likely neither side has got enough manpower to even occupy every important facility even if they run the other one over in a week idk what this even means . 
  i do know , though , that the assumption that you can prepare for a conflict between today 's armies after it has started is incorrect . 
  what , did i come during mating season , and magically hit the only the few weeks in the year where you bunch are loud at all hours of the night and day ? 
  my mistake . 
  i did n't realize i witnessed a rare event . 
  i just thought you were loud all the time . 
  little did i know that i witnessed a rare , special event . 
  i stayed a few weeks near furio camillo . 
  you really do ; you 're just so used to it that you do n't realize it, 
  it does not-it just provides targets for the advanced weapons and abilities of an army that actually knows how to do things . 
  there 's a reason the world 's richest nations maintain standing professional armies , and it is n't because human-wave tactics work in the 21st century . 
  i reiterate : no italian could view another human as loud . 
  you people basically yell at each all day and all night , especially in rome . 
  it 's not possible, 
  so long ago that we relied on a conscript army vs. a professional one . 
  ancient history in our military history, 
  they pretend that millions of vietnamese were not killed and maimed , or that we did n't sweep them aside in conventional warfare . 
  we did , and would do the same to europe . 
  once gb and france are gone , their ability to fight us disappears . 
  holding it would be difficult . 
   could match the us militarily overall ( after the war engines get turning ) there is no `` after the war engines get turning . '', 
  in today 's world , you win or lose with the army you have , not the one you plan to build some day . 
  it takes way too long to build advanced weapons and train people to use them ; there 's no more ww2-style giving people rifles and telling them to go for it . 
  if you ca n't do it with what you have on hand , you ca n't do it . 
  i 'm talking recently too . 
  there 's just no comparison . 
  political violence is not normal or common on the american left , but it is endemic on the right . 
  literally , they have committed 73 % of all terrorist attacks here since 2001 , and even bigger proportion in recent years . 
  i do n't like it when right-wingers pretend like they are n't they are n't the problem , or when people elsewhere do so . 
   i struggle to see how anyone can claim that the american left is radicalizing , let alone anywhere near to the degree as the right . 
  your response :  apparently you can . 
  so ... yes . 
  i encourage you to look up how prevalent right-wing terrorism has been here for decades before pointing to one or two incidents and claiming that there are no differences in degree or outcome . 
  in that department , there really is no comparison . 
  going all the way back to the 90 's , right-wing terrorists have killed hundreds , from the oklahoma city bombings to the atlanta olympics attack to the charleston shootings to shootings at the national holocaust memorial and various shootings at jewish centers across the country . 
  idk what  let 's ignore the social shanigans by the media and tech companies for a moment because that 's another can of worms refers to exactly , but it is objectively false that the violence is in any way comparable . 
  if you take out the one unusually successful attack on 9/11 , they 've been the biggest terrorism we 've faced for decades . 
  there must be a mistake in that quote-no italian could consider another human being to be loud . 
   over on / r/askanamerican r/askanamerican is an unusually right-wing subreddit , even among right-wing subs . 
  it runs off people who do n't lean that way because it is mostly just americans talking to each other about stuff . 
  believe it or not , r/murica is a better sub for gauging realistic reactions to bad events . 
  i have no idea why , since it 's usually just a repository for memes and funny stuff . 
  the actual problem here is the false-equivalency line that the right is pushing , claiming that both sides are responsible or that the left has it 's own violent extremists . 
  you can see in trump 's speech condemning the violence , but refusing to call out the perpetrators . 
  he does it just to maintain the illusion that all are to blame , and not just him and his friends ( and frankly , his inflammatory language ) . 
  i mean , a bunch of fucking nazis just rolled into the university of virginia , and one of their number has now killed one and injured almost 40-wtf is wrong with people trying to downplay this ? 
   charlotteville literally happened 5 minutes ago , how could anyone feel a shift in tone in that short amount of time ? 
  not that it is n't bad , but if there were to be a shift , something like the charleston shootings would have prompted it . 
  frankly , it was 10x worse than this, 
   the us seems to be a source of radicalization at the moment , on both sides of the political spectrum and i hope they can get this nonsense out of their system i struggle to see how anyone can claim that the american left is radicalizing , let alone anywhere near to the degree as the right . 
  can you seriously say that things like the charleston shooter , or this insanity in charlottesville , or trump , are happening on the left ? 
  not closely enough , apparently-so you did . 
   you keep saying `` i do n't care we fucked you over economically , dragged you into wars , already threatened to invade you , etc. . . why is canada better !? '', 
  no , i keep asking `` why is canada best ? '',
