  terrible design choice, 
  if latvia spent 100 % on it that would n't happen ; do n't play dumb . 
  people from small counties with little actual punch or nato responsibility can wax poetic about efficient spending all they want , but you 're never going to take spending orders from france , uk , us and they have no interest in managing it for you . 
  the reality is that biggest states needs to spend enough to maintain relevance , and there 's one big one that just is n't . 
  for all the walking about russia and trump , i would worry much more as an eastern european about how germany would respond than to anyone else in nato , and there 's a reason they have such fears . 
  or just hungary . 
  frankly , i think this sub and much of the world would prefer more american bullying of petty , aspiring autocrats ( hungary , turkey , philippines ) and less time wasted on crap like afghanistan and misadventures like iraq . 
  you want to live somewhere with sovereignty reigns supreme over all things that ever have or will exist ? 
  go work xi , or book the first available ticket to mars . 
  you ca n't force anyone to do anything with the unsc-always symbolic votes and vetoes , with china abstaining and free-riding on russia 's controversial votes routinely, 
  we were once the students , but we are not the pettiness masters . 
  you just try to top trump , i dare you, 
  those americans are naive to think it . 
  it 's just not the type of entity that can or will vie for global dominance-it 's more like akin to an uber-regulator and , unsurprisingly , a large trade bloc . 
  russia barely had the logistical werewithal to make the georgian invasion go smoothly , honestly . 
  the idea that they could cruise into berlin or warsaw with ease really is delusional, 
   anything larger and we burn moscov of the maps . 
   we  written by a german haha . 
  europe might step up in that scenario , but it wo n't be germany . 
  france and the uk would do the heaviest lifting by default, 
  being way the hell up north in scotland probably did n't hurt either, 
  i would pay to see that, 
  you miss the point : organized crime thrives on business prohibited to legitimate businesses . 
  once the revenue source is gone , they are done . 
  sure you can . 
  the mob can never compete with wal mart . 
  there 's a reason the mob deals in illegal , not legal , activities , and it 's not because they 're great businessman, 
  if you 're so dumb that you think this is a matter of style , there is no saving you . 
  lying , refusing to accept responsibility for our actions , insulting allies , divulging secrets we were entrusted with keeping , working to squelch an investigation for political reasons-this shit is not style like a haircut . 
  incoherence , inconsistency , ignorance , lies , carelessness , lack of personal responsibility , terrible judgment are not endearing qualities to non-shit human beings . 
  unless you just enjoy theater and think no further , that is, 
  do n't troll these europeans like that, 
  people who say trump = clinton tend to get much rage from people who hate trump . 
  you would not believe how many people will say that with a straight face, 
  undercut the smugglers on price , sink their boats , and monopolize the transit service yourselves . 
  like a state airline or something, 
  i would n't say stupidity-i doubt this bunch intends to make a clean getaway . 
  semi-autos just seem like a better option since they 're legally available . 
  i have no idea what they 're accused of-just seen stories about right-wing crazies in army and military rifles unaccounted for . 
  does n't switzerland and either finland/norway sell weapons ? 
  you 'd think flying under the radar that way is simpler than stealing weapons that i assume have to be checked in and out and are never supposed to leave the base to begin with . 
  seems like the highest-risk choice possible, 
  a fair number of `` independents '' are actually gopers , but independents also hate trump as much as dems do . 
  it 's crazy how bad our election system is, 
  his supporters did n't see him as a joke . 
  they still do n't , incredibly, 
  they 're only about a third of the population , although that number is still unbelievably depressing, 
  you 're deluded . 
  the eu is good at what it does , but a threat ? 
  it ca n't even get all members to use a common currency , and one of its most powerful and richest members just voted to leave . 
  common markets and movement are nice , but these are these the hallmarks of an actual on the world stage . 
  i think europeans should think about how they sound to the world when they say stuff like that , honestly . 
  the eu is simply not able to act cohesively enough to challenge the us , china , or whoever else you may wish to list . 
  stealing a state-issued weapon seems like a terrible way to stockpile weapons . 
  must be an easier , smarter way than that . 
  yea , the zumwalt class destroyers were massive pos ' , so they were cancelled . 
  guess what ? 
  we still have a navy that is n't a global joke , though . 
  yours , however , has the been the source of great amusement for several years now-from the kursk to those idiots who , again , literally crashed their ship into a massive freighter and sank it . 
   because you need to give people some incentive to not waste water . 
  not if you have the water to waste , which many places do, 
   gobshite no one with a u.s. flag flair is allowed to write or say gobshite under any circumstances . 
  basically treason, 
   the only difference was trump was outspoken with no track record trump has a long and illustrious history of being a lying , incompetent fool that also happens to be a terrible person . 
  he 's got a long record of being exactly what he is now , in other words  they were both the same . 
  wait until you see what we do with the trump dynasty, 
  idk , but i think you better find some more allied powers in a big hurry, 
  til that greek nationalists are a thing . 
  someone should probably tell them that greece has been a thing for a while now, 
  perhaps it should shift focus towards including countries that are actually democratic . 
  it has to stand for something , and stopping russia is n't exactly an effort that requires international cooperation anymore . 
  slowly ? 
  they worked pretty quickly for a while there, 
   and the fact that eu defense is being blocked by a nation on it 's way out makes the already slow bureaucratic process of getting something done almost impossible . 
  um ... you can do this all day long if you want . 
  you do n't want to , so you do n't . 
  blame yourself , not someone else . 
   as far as morals go , i would rate turkey only marginally worse than the us . 
  as far as judgment goes , i 'm going to have put you somewhere down there with the guy who sold alaska to the u.s. and varus when he decided to trust arminius, 
   how is their black sea fleet being ` boxed in , ' an advantage if total war erupts ? 
  black sea `` fleet '' ? 
  let 's not get carried away here-these are the same people who have to tow their aircraft carrier around on a tugboat and whose surveillance ships literally run into freighters and sink themselves . 
  we 're not talking a major threat here, 
   sure , but that 's about the same around the globe . 
  do you think there 's real democracy in any western country ? 
  depends on how much your sultan is willing to pay me to say otherwise . 
  i want 10x what you 're being paid to push this line , at minimum, 
  oh , i see that now . 
  did n't read that weird qualifier . 
  that 's a strange way to make a chart about alcohol consumption, 
  i do n't dislike german/czech beer , but the ones sold here are mostly similar in flavor ( like they all compete to make the best of a particular lager of pilsner ) or not something i like in general ( hefeweizens ) . 
  i did n't know you could even make beer from powder , whatever that even means, 
  i do n't even know who brews them-just that everything from there is very cheap and quite good . 
  way cheaper than american craft and other decent imports ( which are getting harder to find anyway ) . 
  lots of strong ales , as opposed to the lager focus other imports seem to have . 
  do n't remember even seeing brewery information listed on the bottles , which in hindsight is strange, 
   the civil war made it very clear states are not allowed to secede from the union under any circumstances , so california would either need to grow to a massive size , get help from other states , or get help from foreign actors . 
  that was true in 1865 . 
  i doubt very much that we would stop a state from seceding by force in 2017-fairness and humanitarian concerns aside , consider that any red state will support losing a blue state and vise versa . 
  i 'd be stunned if we did n't see a scotland-style referendum and outcome .
