  the barriers were eroded away , a crappy old system gave way , and the city flooded . 
  the city barely sustained any wind damage at all , really . 
  i was there under a year after it happened . 
  the water did probably 90 % of the damage to the city . 
  quality of life is high there , and europeans should be proud of that . 
  your days of shaping world events are over , though . 
  i get that frenchie would have a hard time accepting it , but i suspect that most europeans do n't even want to do so-they just want to make sure that the world does n't ruin the nice thing they have going on . 
  which is n't unreasonable, 
  they want to believe it , but they 're not willing to step up and be a unified player even now . 
  they all want someone else to step up and to for them what we do now-none of them really wants to do it themselves . 
  i mean we 've been asking them to do so for almost 20 years , and nothing . 
  they 're not about to start now . 
  we shall see . 
  there is no denying that europe is the past , though , whatever you think of the rest . 
  that all sounds good , but it 's unrealistic . 
  germany , for example , is an export-led economy with a large trade surplus with the us . 
  the us relies mostly on internal consumption , and certainly not on exports to germany . 
  i know people like to circle jerk over the one time the eu tried this against bush , but it 's delusional to think this really a viable way to compensate for inherent comparative weakness in an actual trade dispute . 
  even trumps people have to admit that this is a shit idea, 
  if you want to believe that , have at it . 
  you should read the article though, 
  maybe , idk . 
  but i 100 % guarantee that not one cent will get past corrupt officials in pakistan and afghanistan . 
  i 'm just painting the picture painted several years ago-no idea why specifically greece is more or less insolvent . 
   he was a national joke for almost 30 years and then ... bam , somehow taken seriously . 
  yep . 
   it 's actually rather shocking how quickly the major eu countries turned against the us once there was a disagreement . 
  it 's not-there really is no reason for us to be such good friends anymore . 
  germany 's not going to threaten anyone anymore , and frankly europe is a has-been on the world stage . 
  small things become big things in this scenario . 
  unlike the deluded few there that think the eu is going to act in a unified fashion , though , we can and probably will . 
  we would be much better served to actually pivot our diplomatic and security focus towards asia ; i suspect you will see the eu descend into bickering and paralysis once they have to focus on themselves more intensely , but there 's a small chance that the north could ram deeper integration onto , and gain more control over , everyone else in the eu . 
   japan jumped on board straight away when presented the same conditions because they still want something . 
  the europeans do n't think they get much from of us , and see the reverse actually . 
  one might even call it the ncr, 
  does n't seem that difficult to pick a few off . 
  the price of overexpansion , really, 
  because he 's an obese old man despite all of his bullshit on the campaign trail, 
  because i do n't know for sure that it would be stolen and wasted there . 
  af/pak though ... lol, 
  surprising to no one . 
  the german zeal to feel superior and related zeal for austerity to punish the profligate greeks , as opposed to admitting that greece simply can not handle its current debt load and taking steps in light of this fact , is only going to make things worse before they ever get better . 
  pakistani and afghan officials will enjoy stealing it and using on everything but what it 's supposed to be for, 
  do n't cut yourself on that edge, 
  i mean , i 'm aware of some of it due to an unrelated interest in history . 
  honestly , if you can tell me that i can see old buildings and such without bearing horses of obnoxious scammers and lowlifes , i 'd be sold on that alone . 
  oh no , that claim is very unreasonable for sure . 
  at minimum , not make them out of something like copper . 
  i 'm not bashing it-just stating the obvious : broad fta 's are a tough sell there . 
  you do n't have to beat france and italy , just get a bigger piece of the pie . 
  germany is an easy place for an american to feel comfortable in , ime-doesn ' t seem like a hard sell to me, 
  i have no doubt that standards for these things are low . 
  not every place is literally below sea level , but those that are better have a solid plan to keep above water . 
  praying for good luck is not a solid plan , as we saw, 
  state entity created after katrina . 
  state . 
  the us army corps of engineers , which i promise you predates katrina , built the system in the first place . 
  louisiana did n't maintain it , unsurprisingly , and it as never built to withstand a powerful hurricane . 
  none of this means that new orleans was at risk of rising sea levels , though . 
  i know-just find it odd that this is so . 
  tourism is pushed relentlessly here , regardless of local preferences and such . 
  you just resign yourself to it if you live in a tourist town, 
  ... you realize the stuff was there before the hurricane hit , right ? 
  it was not properly maintained and broke when a rather powerful hurricane hit . 
  it did n't just get built after 2005 ... 
  residents never want more , but somehow it always gets pushed regardless . 
  it 's free money for the local and state/regional governments , and merchants who benefit from it push relentlessly for it . 
  find it weird that germany is n't typically considered a big overseas vacation destination in the us either way, 
  then why is he so friendly with china ? 
  has to be more than that, 
  governance too poor , too much inequality and domestic instability, 
  i do n't say it 's a bad idea , just that trade agreement with them are unlikely in general, 
  that 's an amazing rule . 
  eating at the desk is the norm everywhere i 've worked , unless you had business development or client meeting over lunch . 
  regardless , i think germany has a real opportunity to increase us tourism to germany with old stuff like this . 
  most people here probably know nothing about a structure like this , but would love to see it . 
  seems like italy and france in particular have pr shops that work better over here than germany does . 
  do n't be sure india would jump on it , either . 
  india 's extremely reluctant to really open their economy up to outside competition . 
  pretty much everyone wants deeper trade with india-us , russia , china , eu , canada , aussies ; it 's usually india that is more hesitant ( not always ) . 
  is it so rare ? 
  i 'm headed there tonorrow . 
  forecast is warmth and clear skies, 
  india and brazil really are n't , although india is important for a number of other reasons , and there are certainly no countries in africa waiting in the great-power wings . 
  brazil and south africa in particular are huge messes right now . 
  all the brics excluding india are really . 
  bravo-we should follow suit . 
  people throw our one cent coins on the ground . 
  no one even wants them, 
  trump is just a catastrophe for the us foreign relations and credibility in general . 
  he does seem to hate europe though . 
  it 's very strange, 
  way ahead of you . 
  the only reason new orleans is n't submerged is due to the army corps of engineers building a series of damns and levees that keep it that way . 
  i mean , usually keep it that way . 
  you keep acting like the political convenience to merle and friends delegitimizes the point , but it does n't . 
  it makes both southern and german products more competitive , but it benefits germany enormously given that it does n't necessarily need the stimulus and because the rate of exchange on the euro is much more favorable to germany than would be the case right now if germany still used its own currency . 
  also , unless your a latin american that somehow wound up in romania , never use the term gringo . 
  it 's just ... weird , especially if you are white, 
  the whole argument here is about how inefficient eu military spending is , and how little capability the numbers and spending provide right now .
