  and your society is n't exactly getting any better . 
  if people think trump is somehow already worse than bush , then hysteria really is an understatement . 
  you can not seriously say that he 's already worse than bush . 
  i reiterate : not even 100 days in . 
   actually it very easily could . 
  but you 're also assuming i want it to stay ` in it 's current form ' , which i do n't , i 'd love for there to be more and more changes . 
  you can not defend your periphery without our assistance . 
  that 's what i mean by `` current form . '', 
  russia is n't going to invade , but you 're going to see ( at minimum ) an inevitable tilt in those nations against anything resembling further integration , and they will be reliable proponents of the russian line within the eu . 
  that 's best-case scenario , mind you . 
   also ; none of the us past two decades have given any indication that they are n't going to keep pushing for a major war in the middle east . 
  something that we usually have to deal with the consequences . 
  i 'm sorry that refugees are flooding your way ( bear in mind that we did n't start the syrian conflict , or even play the biggest role in afterwards ) , but here 's a hard reality for you : there 's nothing you can do to stop the stupid things we do in the middle east . 
  as much you do n't like it , you may as well not let it affect your perception of what role american security guarantees play in europe , given that fact . 
  the wisdom of starting a conflict is not always the best guide as to whether one will occur . 
  my point is that people assume some natural benevolence inherent to china , when the reality is they occupy a crowded neighborhood . 
  whether you think other concerns will check military adventurism , past precedent should n't be used as a guide in that analysis, 
   what you want us to wait for you to kick him out ? 
  or that you wo n't re-elect him or someone worse afterwards ? 
  mostly , chill out , given that his deeds have such a large disparity with his actions that it 's becoming a non-issue . 
  i 'd also prefer a little more realism from you : without us , the eu can not persist in its current form . 
  the membership line will move west . 
  how far is anyone 's guess , but it 's one that 's hard to refute . 
  what 's the plan in that case ? 
  there 's a reason that i used the word hysteria in my previous post . 
   what do you mean ? 
  sarcasm , mostly . 
  does it really matter to the philippines what becomes of the biggest global institutions ? 
  i imagine that it 's more of an intellectual exercise than anything for many people . 
  duterte , at least internationally , has taken every position twice now . 
  no one pays attention to him anymore , and as you said , he wo n't be around forever, 
  china 's not going to play a role on that front either way . 
   you ca n't just look at what 's happened until now in a superficial way and conclude that this surge of these movements is over . 
  ... nothing has happened until now with respect to the u.s. / eu-that 's the whole point . 
   that 's like looking at the world economy in 2007 and thinking `` hey , do n't be alarmist , destroying 5 trillion of the world 's wealth in a day ? 
  that 's never happened before ! '', 
  irrelevant . 
  i get the point you 're trying to make , but you could have made the exact same point at any time from the 1960 's onwards . 
  the point here is that there is actually evidence suggesting that the tail-event touted so widely is extremely unlikely . 
   a self declared socialist from vermont almost topples clinton . 
  yea-the same clinton toppled by an unknown black guy named barack hussein obama in 2008 . 
  there 's nothing earth-shaking about this-clinton is a weak , unpopular , candidate , and has been for a long time . 
   classical conservatism in the form of say bush or cruz is essentially dead ( one of the bigger factors of stability in a democratic society ) . 
  classical conservatism appears to be winning every ideological battle that 's been waged in the trump administration so far , for better or ( in my opinion ) worse . 
  you ca n't point to a single act by congress or trump to the contrary , because there have n't been any . 
  the big exceptions are trade and immigration . 
  with trade , specifically the trade agreements ( ttip , which europeans also despised ; tpp , and nafta ) - and as much as i hate trump-he has a point . 
  whatever we 're doing in our free trade agreements is n't working , because it 's delivering all the gains to a select few , and impoverishing the rest . 
  this does n't mean you do n't ever trade , but it does mean that the way these agreements come together needs to change . 
  as for immigration , it really is an embarrassment how our system works . 
  i can go into if you care , but it does n't strike me as something all that relevant to germans . 
  i 'll just say that we have had lax enforcement for far too long , and that 's created an unfair situation ( thanks to our outdated citizenship laws ) without a good immediate solution-even if i think that trump 's actions are not productive on this front . 
   that 's not a good way to look at risk . 
  i 'll leave you with a caricature out of nassim taleb 's silent risk . 
  if this is really the given reason for the hysteria , i think the skepticism needs to come from our side of the atlantic , and not vise versa . 
   they are being created right now . 
  the brics bank and the aiib are new institutions . 
  they are not western-led but new regardless . 
  more will come in the future . 
  also , existing institutions such as asean and african union are also being strengthened . 
  recently , we launched the asean economic community . 
  they are being created , arguably , to reduce the influence of existing institutions . 
  that 's fine , but it 's still a major assumption to think that a world order that is n't western-led is going to rely on institutions in the same manner or same degree-particularly when many of those involved in said institutions are against the core concept of a non-state institution , as i described above . 
  the african union is a different animal to the others listed above , and is going to proceed in its own way independent of whatever other changes happen at the global level . 
   maybe , maybe not . 
  but its not like the eu or the west is helpless on this . 
  you will have less say but that 's just how it is . 
  i did n't see-you 're from the philippines . 
  i assume that you have more pressing matters to worry about than how international institutions might look in years to come , or if they 'll be around at all, 
   a free trade deal with them is absurd . 
  we all have one with them , to some extent , through the wto . 
  what a mistake that was . 
  they cheat like hell , of course , and are allowed to because they throw just enough of a bone to the rest to keep the elites in the west happy . 
   yeah i think better relations with china is one thing y' all are on opposite ends of the world ; there 's not much to fight over , really . 
   they mostly use economic , diplomatic and military posturing rather than actual use of the military to get what they want . 
  i think that makes them pretty responsible , at least relative speaking . 
  now , i 'm quite aware of the vietnam war etc. 
  but those were done in mao 's time . 
  it 's more of an exception rather than the rule . 
  they use what 's available to them . 
  china is bordered by india , russia , basically japan , and has american forces close by . 
  their ability to wield hard power is severely constrained . 
  assuming that this behavior will always continue is unwise . 
   also , the american-led one was n't without troubles , if you include cambodia , vietnam and korea . 
  korea was a civil war that started without outside intervention that we intervened in . 
  it was not a product of an american world order . 
  south korea is ; north korea is very much a product of china 's intervention in said war , and its decades-long support for north korea . 
   international laws reflect the balance of power that was in-place when they were established . 
  when the balance of power changes , new institutions and laws are created , and old ones fade away . 
  that 's a big assumption-there is no reason to think that new institutions will arise . 
  institutions governing a global order are a new concept in human history , and their existence implies an authority over or in other nations that china is opposed to on every level . 
  it 's just as likely that no new institutions would arise , for this very reason . 
   when the balance of power changes , new institutions and laws are created , and old ones fade away . 
  yes , and you need to ask yourself whether the incoming rules would really benefit europe as much as the current one does . 
   the us has taken a very sharp turn towards isolationist , very narrowly defined interests . 
  the us is n't even 100 days into the new administration that ca n't accomplish anything of note despite total control of the federal government , and is also wildly unpopular in most of the country . 
  you can seriously say that you think  the us has taken a very sharp turn towards isolationist , very narrowly defined interests . 
  is anything close to accurate ? 
  germans are always stereotyped as methodical , logical , and efficient people , but honestly it seems like many of you ( especially germans ) have lost the ability to objectively assess many matters involving the us . 
  no serious , honest person can say that there 's been a meaningful shift in american policy towards europe , because there has n't been , regardless of what trump says .
