  yes, 
   then why did germany have to pay reparations for both world wars ? 
  hint : not because the un or some similar body said so, 
   as a germany the only genocide we every were taught was the holocaust . 
  nothing else . 
  over 80 % of our history classes were about the second world war . 
  american history courses before college : 70 % american revolution , 10 % american civil war , 10 % wwii , 10 % other shit that may or not qualify as world history, 
  no one pretends that it has n't provided benefits-just that the overwhelming majority of those benefits have gone to a privileged few . 
  i used to think that , but i 'm not as sure now . 
  intelligent people know what they do and do n't know , and take steps to compensate . 
  trump lacks basic knowledge about things that even average american kids know . 
  any 70ish year old american who can stand up in front of the world and talk about how `` not many people '' know that abraham lincoln was a republican is an uninformed , thoughtless moron . 
  that he saw no problem with it reveals what an idiot he really is . 
  trump 's said equally stupid things for the better part of two years now ( even apart from the many lies ) . 
  it 's probably not a pleasant thing to think , but it 's a fact : the man 's intelligence is average at best . 
   he put all his points into int and cha idk-if he put any points in cha , the vast majority of humanity might not hate him so much, 
   i think that democrats would lose out big too though . 
  in the long run , both parties would . 
  short-term , they would be much better off . 
  they 'd eventually split into several different parties that routinely form a coalition together , but it would take a few election cycles for that to happen . 
  the same people who are part of the party now would probably wind up forming those different parties , i suspect . 
  the ones in the safest electoral districts would fight the hardest against such a change . 
  the republicans would lose seats in congress in the very next election because they tend to get about 5 % more seats than the proportion of votes received in general . 
  i also think that they would fracture as a party almost immediately , or go through a pretty dramatic change of some kind at the very least . 
  the only thing they all have in common right now is not being the party of obama , and the cracks are showing in a big way right now . 
   obama campaigned on closing gitmo this was n't his doing-congressional republicans made it impossible to actually get it done . 
  nowhere to send the rest overseas , and blocked from sending them anywhere in the u.s. short of dumping them in the ocean , he had to keep the place open, 
   what is going on with trump ? 
  first he decides nato has a point after all , then he antagonises russia , then he backs the eu over the uk after complimenting the uk on leaving . 
  ... his words are meaningless ? 
   i do n't believe trump is stupid you 're in the extreme minority on that one . 
   and he is n't the type to back out of his campaign promises either . 
  he very much is-he 's on a roll in that regard . 
  this is the same person who promised to work with assad and russia in syria , label china as a currency manipulator , pursue criminal charges against clinton , and offer a healthcare plan generating more coverage for less cost . 
  he 's reneged on these so far , and that 's time aplenty for further shifts . 
   did someone in the party order him to back down ? 
  the republican party could n't stop him from getting the nomination in the first place . 
  he does n't listen to them , and they risk alienating his hard-core supporters if they appear to confront him, 
  underrated comment, 
  we 've got a trade deficit recorded at around $ 60 billion , actually . 
  it 's deceptive , too , because anything that arrives here that is then sent elsewhere counts as an american export . 
  that 's one reason china 's surplus with us looks so big-anything that arrives here and that goes on to canada/mexico is still an american import , by the official numbers . 
  attempting to adjust for that is tough , but also makes clear that we actually have a huge deficit with mexico . 
  why ? 
  because tons of american `` exports '' to mexico are chinese , european , canadian , etc. 
  imports that are then sent over the border to mexico , magically becoming exports . 
  i ca n't remember the exact numbers , but the official deficit with mexico is probably much lower than the actual one . 
   why is he so against nafta then ? 
  because it 's politically wise to do so . 
  whatever people think of it , nafta made a few people very rich , and a lot of people much poorer-especially with respect to trade with mexico . 
  there 's no reason to think that the once-pending agreements with nations with much lowers costs would n't do the same . 
   first you got to distinguish . 
  the average joe who voted for trump does n't care one peep about the european union . 
  he cares about industrial us jobs , supreme court nominations and/or antipathy towards pc culture and black lives matter . 
  this guy/gal gets it . 
  under all the nonsense , trump 's supporters generally are mad that our trade agreements have helped the rich get richer , and hurt everyone else . 
  europeans fall victim to the same tendency to interpret things their own lens that we all , and they see this in conjunction with trump 's ignorance as an anti-eu bent . 
  trumpets do n't care even in the slightest about the eu , with one big exception :  the hard core , t_d regulars , have built up this idea in their heads that there is a global fight between nationalism and globalism . 
   to those people , that means globalism . 
  that 's why they hate the eu . 
  they hate the unrestricted travel aspect more than anything . 
  but :  the eu is a supranational entity , it transcends national borders and institutionalises cooperation between sovereign countries at a supranational level . 
  idk if it runs that deep , but they are definitely hostile to things that subordinate national governments . 
  frankly , i 'm impressed ; you understand them better than 95 % of americans do . 
  it 's easy to lose focus on what they want , given trump 's massive inarticulate and ignorant ... everything really, 
   the way it seems to be going now everyone , including the alt-right ( or whatever the fuck this new group of ( ( non - ) closet ) white supremacists likes to call itself or be called , will remember trump with a serious amount of embarrassment . 
  his die-hard supporters will always blame external factors for his failings-democrats , insufficiently conservative republicans , the swamp , whatever . 
   the only thing i thought was ` why do n't you guys have a proportional voting system per state instead of winner takes all ? ', 
  both your main parties seem completely meaningless and many people do n't even bother to vote . 
  republicans would lose mightily in such a system-they would block any attempt to implemnt one, 
  nothing bad that i can recall . 
  nothing sticks out in the same way . 
  too busy hating the afghans, 
   did ... did he pull out of ttip because he thought it 's a bad deal because he could instead negotiate with all the countries individually where the us would have much more leverage this is exactly why . 
  this was literally one of the main selling points of his campaign, 
   to trump supporters this is all just part of the plan . 
  he can do no wrong in their eyes because he is playing 4d golf chess or some shit they wo n't even notice . 
  no one cares about ttip or trade with europe-all they care about are china and nafta . 
  this is one reversal that has no demographic to criticize it, 
  idk , seems that the favor would have been to vote with china in this case-not exercise the veto . 
  china really does n't want nk to go nuclear , or for any conflict occur on the korean peninsula ; russia signalling support seems to undercut both goals, 
   i think , eventually we will find one or even two true chechens . 
  right ? 
  it 's disgraceful that russia 's letting it happen , but the idea that the chechens are bystanders does n't square with reality . 
  if it were unpopular , kadryov would n't do it-or he would be reigned in for causing the very problems he 's supposed to keep a lid on, 
   that ... is a very good perspective . 
  thanks . 
  that 's my take , anyways . 
  also , despite his flamboyant words , trump is as coastal , urban-elite as a person can be . 
  the crazy nonsense he spouts for his very right-wing , rural base is totally foreign to him ; it probably does n't take much to push him in away from those ideas even if he gives them serious thought . 
  all of his friends and all of the people he 's ever dealt with were in the former category , and they 're not going to share the latter 's views . 
   right now it mostly means pushing the brewing anti-eu sentiment . 
  things like openly encouraging brexit , calling the eu a vehicle for germany , trying to praise individual nations for eu accomplishments or i even remember trying to talk to individual nations for trade agreements . 
  these things show a complete disregard for the union as an institution and aim to fuel existing flames . 
  some of them could also stem from complete incompetence . 
  brexit i think was him sucking up to someone claiming to support him , but ca n't really say . 
  trump is notorious for chumming up with any sleazebag that says good things about him . 
  it 's why people worry so much about sycophants persuading him . 
  could be this , could be nefarious , or some combo-but this one in particular i would not ascribe to incompetence . 
  the trade agreements ... idk .
