   so you basically have china supporting free trade laughable . 
  china supports eu integration so it can get easier access to europe , and have less competition on the foreign currency front ; it 's never going to open its own markers to outsiders on the same level , though . 
   how can it account for 118 % of their operating profit ? 
  that is n't even possible . 
  i can only assume they mean that the imf took in more overall from greece than the imf 's net operating profit , which makes sense given what an operating profit is . 
  they chose this measure to gin up a dramatic number , as no one looking to convey actual information would ever choose such a meaningless metric . 
   then explain to me why she won by a landslide in far-left states and trump won all the moderate states . 
  because left-leaning and moderate voters did n't show up to the polls in their usual numbers in swing states , and the right-wingers that did turn out broke for trump . 
  moderates in particular had little desire to vote , as their only choices were two very unpopular candidates . 
  it 's a well-known maxim in u.s. politics that low turnout favors republicans , and that 's exactly what happened in many of the few competitive states . 
  he won most red states big , and she won the most liberal states by wide margins . 
  more people live in the blue states , though , so she still managed to win the popular vote . 
   in general the officials are volunteers from various parties there 'd be a scandal here if people from the parties themselves were running the actual polling place , or even present . 
  you 've got people from individual county governments and volunteers running it here . 
  party people though : unless they 're present to vote , they 're not supposed to be there . 
  that 's why the trumpet idiots wanted regular people not officially aligned with a party to take on the intimidation task-sending their own people would have been unthinkable, 
  [ russia understands ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=so2fsa9g7ci ), 
   after all , the us is one of the few countries that grants their citizens the right to overthrow an illegitimate government . 
  do n't let the gun-talk fool you-that is definitely not the case . 
  ask the confederacy how much of a right they had to rebel , or those morons that took over a government building in oregon how well it went for them . 
  we 've got a long history of putting rebellions/armed uprisings down with force . 
  you definitely do n't have the right to overthrow the government just because you 're pissed . 
  we 've got the same right to do so that everyone else does , excluding elections : you can do it if you 've got the power to do so . 
   they are taking away their own rights , that is the very definition of being brainwashed . 
  you severely underestimate what people will sacrifice in order to ensure that their perceived opponents ' rights are curtailed . 
  you and i know both know that , if the akp had its way , that girl would not be wearing what she is in this photo or doing what she is doing-it would not be a choice akp supporters would give her . 
  she obviously knows it too . 
  what we 're less certain of what motivated her to break for yes , and it would not surprise me if demagoguery against something drove her to make that perceived tradeoff . 
  this calculus is literally the guiding principle of the republican party, 
   thanks for posting the numbers that back up what i said . 
   republicans control congress because republicans got more votes from their constituents than democrats did , so you have nothing to complain about there . 
   republican share of votes cast ( house of representatives ) 49.1 %  house of representative seats held by gop : 241 of 435 ( 55.4 % )  democrat share of votes cast ( house of representatives ) : 48.0 %  house of representative seats held by dems : 194 of 435 ( 44.5 % ) typical right-wing pos . 
  the fact you can look at those results and see no problem is exactly why i and much of the planet hate my fellow right-wing americans , then again , you 're the same bunch that cheers when things like the civil rights act gets struck down , so i guess it 's not surprising, 
  no offense-i like the brits as much as the next person-but you honestly do n't seem to have any idea what the dynamics in the most recent election were . 
  trump was not , by any stretch of the definition , a moderate candidate . 
  aside from a select few heresies , he was extremely right-wing . 
  if people really wanted a centrist , they would have supported any of his competitors ( especially bush sr. ) in much larger numbers . 
   clinton went all in on the big-government lefty types , which is why she won california by such a large margin , whereas centrists en-masse voted for trump because of his anti-war policy , strong stance on states ' rights and liberal views on lgbt rights ( first president ever to go into office supporting gay marriage , and he has since the '90s ) . 
   that is why he won virtually all the swing states . 
  ... if centrists were really voting for him en-masse , he would not have lost the popular vote by such a massive margin . 
  trump won all the swing states because clinton was an exceptionally bad candidate , and she kept turnout low in those states . 
  she was a bad candidate in 2008 when an unknown black guy named barack hussein obama beat her , and she was a weak candidate in 2016 . 
  seems to me that you like what you think he stood for , but that 's not related to why he managed to pull off a technical victory last year, 
   turkey 's politics do n't change its strategic value . 
  they most definitely do . 
  a hostile , prickly , unpredictable strongman makes a place less reliable and able to serve whatever purpose you want it to , regardless of where it 's located . 
  external politics have done more to lessen turkey 's importance to us than anything else , though . 
  russia may pose nebulous threat the eu periphery , but i do n't think anyone west of poland is really worried about the russians rolling in . 
   there is a reasonable chance that turkey will eventually leave the alliance voluntarily , especially if it faces economic sanctions from the west and friendly overtures from russia . 
  more useful to him to stick around and play the victim before his domestic audience . 
  for all his whining , every tie he breaks with the west gives him one less easy scapegoat to point to and demagogue against . 
  he 'd much prefer expulsion over voluntary exit for that reason  re : ukraine , shrug . 
  the us would certainly welcome ukraine into nato , not sure how the other members feel about it . 
  no , we absolutely would not . 
  the quickest way to render nato a meaningless , internally-inconsistent mess is to let in a place as unpredictable and poorly-governed as ukraine . 
  they 've got to step up their game before that becomes even a remote possibility, 
   they also managed to be one of the initiators of and biggest players in the transatlantic slave trade , but mostly escape the blame for it for some reason . 
  no one in america knows about that , or anything else that portugal did , so that 's one way, 
   1 in 5 is still plural , unless there are only 5 people . 
  no , the subject would be the people who are the one in five as one entity . 
  it 's a singular collective . 
  it 's like awkwardly saying `` the faculty is 20 % xxx . '', 
  the way you write the `` 1 in 5 people is '' business to it make sense is `` 20 % of people are xxx . '', 
  then you do n't have weird problems like this, 
   the subject/verb agreement is between the first number and the verb , not with people . 
  the number is what 's making `` people '' function as a collective singular collective noun here , and what makes it appropriate for `` is '' to follow after people . 
  it does n't matter what the actual subject/verb agreement is . 
  the point is ( or is supposed to be ) that most native speakers will say `` 1 in 5 are xxx '' and not `` is '' because it sounds weird to use a singular verb after a plural noun like people, 
  i 've got more bad news : most people do n't really know what uk refers to . 
  more know now thanks to the attempted scotland exit , but still, 
   it can be , though . 
  you can technically make it work : `` 1 in 5 people on the planet is chinese '' is the `` correct '' way to get that idea across , but it sounds awkward and weird to native speakers because we never use people this way . 
  ditto for the example given-it 's not something we 'd ever say , and just sounds weird, 
   the president has been elected without the majority vote plenty of times , and it 's definitely not an issue that favors one party over the other . 
  you see the american flag on my flair here ? 
  that means i live here , and know how full of shit you are : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_presidential_elections_in_which_the_winner_lost_the_popular_vote#1888:_benjamin_harrison tl ; dr : the ec has elected a president that did n't win the popular vote 4 times since the modern parties emerged-and every time , it favored a republican over a democrat . 
  fun fact : two of those individuals were george bush and donald trump . 
  good thing our glorious system made sure to give us george bush and iraq , huh ? 
  works like a charm . 
  drone on defending a system that elects people with less popular support all you want , but please do n't spout falsehoods while doing so . 
   republicans control congress because republicans got more votes from their constituents than democrats did , so you have nothing to complain about there . 
  really ? 
  math suggests otherwise : republican share of votes cast ( house of representatives ) 49.1 % democrat share of votes cast ( house of representatives ) : 48.0 % house of representative seats held by gop : 241 of 435 ( 55.4 % ) house of representative seats held by dems : 194 of 435 ( 44.5 % ) but yea , sure , no reason to complain . 
  none at all . 
  i mean , i know it works ... i just think it 's stupid the way it works here . 
   i believe this is a good system because it encourages candidates to appeal to more moderate voters . 
  it really does n't , though , given how our elections work in practice . 
  appealing to the most partisan voters and turning them out to vote is what our system encourages , not appeals to moderation . 
  this is especially true given how low turnout tends to be in uncompetitive states like california and arizona . 
  it sounds good in theory , but it 's destabilizing and corrosive when you have system that disenfranchises a majority in favor of a minority of voters . 
  it 's never actually done this to the degree that it 's done in the past 20 years though . 
  just consider this : had we done the intelligent thing and not used the current election system that we now have , we would not have elected either george bush ( no iraq , no isis ) or donald trump . 
  does it sound like moderation is winning ? 
  if voting power were not so unequally distributed here , and if gerrymandering did not ruin elections to the house of representatives , i would agree . 
  i 'm surprised no from europe finds the part of akp representatives being present at the polls unusual . 
  you 're not allowed to campaign within a given distance of a polling place here , and to have a political operative present at the polling station ? 
  illegal , and would cause a major scandal . 
  that 's why the story about trump people proposing to `` monitor '' polling places here caused such a massive uproar, 
   nato exists for purely strategic defense reasons , not for being a western-style democracy fan club . 
  synonymous , at this point .
