  only one nation is referred to as america . 
  north and south america collectively are the americas . 
  just embrace it like we do : they 're your isles , just like the americas are ours , and tell the rest go and fuck themselves with a nice , thorny stick . 
  it 's more satisfying than you think, 
   they came out of the womb preparing to destroy the world implies that russians are born from the womb , as opposed to spawned like something from the movie alien, 
  it 's not inconceivable that you could . 
  trump is getting more and more desperate for a policy win , and a bilateral trade treaty with the u.k. is one of the things uncontroversial enough that it might occur . 
  he 's been surprisingly consistent on preferring bilateral trade deals , as opposed to multilateral ones . 
  what he says is almost worthless , though , so literally no one can make a confident guess, 
  in willingness to use it , at least . 
  it 's growing weaker in comparison to everyone else though , and will continue to do so as long as energy prices remains low and china continues to steal russia 's share of international arms sales . 
  why would n't armenia drop it , then ? 
  they are far closer to russia than to nato . 
  this is the exact opposite of what one would expect, 
  it is remarkable how few people support his specific actions , actually , even among the people he chose to carry those actions out . 
  never seen anything like it . 
  setting everything else aside , you 'd think he 'd at least figure out if things will be well-received or not before implementing them . 
  but it does n't seem like any actual work is done to figure out if this is true or not . 
  this is probably true for most of the world . 
  i doubt egypt has an official position on the matter either , but i 'm betting romania is not going to ban them from serving like egypt undoubtedly would . 
  that 's why this map is so silly imo-most of the world is silent on it , so it 's meaningless, 
   same bots that ended delivering trump propaganda were used to deliver anti-american bullshit , that would n't have bothered almost anybody if shut down . 
  you underestimate what a tribal and petty creature the american republican is , especially with respect to anything obama-related in any way . 
   yeah but ... come one ... we know it 's bollocks . 
  we really do n't . 
  the only reason he has n't tried already is because of all the political heat related to the various info that came out from comey , and more prominently the robert mueller probe . 
   at this point . 
  it 's pretty cringe , the whole russia/trump thing . 
  come on now , be honest with yourself . 
  his behavior suggests otherwise . 
  i suspect you do n't know how hard he has worked to shut down any probe into this matter , or how many lies he and his family have told about it . 
  it 's only a major issue still because of their lies and suspicious behavior . 
   i think a lot could have been done just properly without going partisan . 
  while that sounds good , i can hear the wailing about obama silencing conservative voices from here, 
  bush voters , my mistake . 
  they are fanatics . 
  nothing is going to sway them . 
  and i mean nothing, 
  it 's been a major concern here and elsewhere for months . 
  i do n't see how you can make that claim, 
  that sounds good now , but you can not imagine how ridiculous the gop response would have been had he called out russia for aiding the gop candidate . 
  i think he worried to much what those animals think , but it 's not an invalid concern, 
  trump voters are not the same as trump voters . 
  that will not phase them . 
  pretty sure that the russians were solidly in the hate us column already . 
  and really , who cares if they unite around that ? . 
  it does n't matter whether putin loses support or not . 
  even if everyone in russia starts hating putin , he is n't going anywhere , nor will their opinions matter when it comes time for whoever is in charge after him to set a foreign policy . 
  signaling that trump wo n't be able to unilaterally lift sanctions is far more important, 
  it does n't mean deepening reliance on russian gas . 
  you can whine all you like about american energy exports , because there is no feasible scenario in which you could ever be as dependent on gas from across the atlantic as you would on gas pumped directly via pipeline from russia, 
  we 're not net exporters by any means . 
  besides , during the cold war germany truly was an occupied vassal state . 
  what damage could it have done back then , and to who ? 
  nato ended at the iron curtain . 
  neither is true anymore, 
  trump did n't withdraw from any deal . 
  he certified iran 's compliance with it . 
  the big concern is that iran is n't serious due to continued missile testing . 
  the us wo n't lose more , though . 
  it 's inherent in running a trade deficit . 
  i also do n't believe that the whole eu will unite with you over something like this . 
  i mean , putting lots ice in drinks is the norm here . 
  idk if they sell bags if it there ( they do here ) , but they will usually have it and will give or sell you a cup of it . 
  they 'll think the request is weird , but they all have it . 
  you can walk in pretty much any restaurant here and get ice water no charge , even if you buy nothing , so i figured the same would be true for american chains overseas . 
  it worked everywhere but italy , where they were so difficult about it at most places that i stopped bothering . 
  map is incorrect . 
  still allowed in the us . 
  whatever the merits of the rest of your post , i would hesitate to rely on vote ratios on reddit to gauge much of anything . 
  there 's a heavy dose of arbitrariness to them that makes their value to anything questionable , even in a good sub like this one-unless it 's an upvoted joke or something . 
  i can say with some confidence , though , that the resentment is far more one-sided than you think . 
  most americans would be rather surprised i think . 
  never heard of a defense pact with sweden, 
  trump has no strategy , but the point is to keep iran from developing weapons in order to prevent every other state in the region from doing so . 
  saudi arabia will be next , and the dominoes will all start to fall . 
  that 's a terrible outcome for everyone . 
  it 's not true like it used to be . 
  but for a long time it was known as the black man 's hamburger , because it set up shop in rougher and poorer areas where mcd 's did n't . 
  their food was always better , but that 's not a great marketing tactic . 
  netherlands has almost as many international fast food type places as germany , from what i saw . 
  pretty sure i saw dunkin donuts , subway , and dominos pizza of all things too . 
  i used american fast food places as a source of ice the whole time there , so i tended to notice and keep track of where they were . 
  that 's an optimistic set of assumptions : eu actually joining to defend the north our of principle ; the us deciding that sweden is so strategically-situated that it warrants protection without any contributions to nato ; that control of gotland ( or denial of control to russia ) somehow requires full-defense of sweden . 
  you can not . 
  iran dominates the iraqi military , and has massive economic and political influence over the country . 
  all the crowing about a `` us-led coalition '' pushing isis out of mosul , for example , is window-dressing for a ground assault spearheaded by iran . 
  dumbfuck bush handed iraq to iran . 
  and afghanistan has n't had a functional central government , let alone one not , at minimum , passively-hostile to us for decades . 
  iran rules iraq . 
  and no one rules afghanistan . 
  yea-the months leading up to the french elections were the most favorable exchange rates ever for usd to eur , and the rate is still pretty good . 
  i 'm sure this spurred more people to visit ireland and elsewhere . 
  no-congress is so worried that he is that they are tying his hands on the sanctions front . 
  it 's been reported generally here . 
  ongoing projects in the black sea and such , where there 's a us company involved as a minority partner , are excluded . 
  it 's not so much resume as not hit ongoing projects, 
  i do believe that there wo n't be a response . 
  because much of the eu already hates ns2 , and because those that support it ( especially germany ) have a lot more to lose than we do in a trade war . 
  trump is literally hoping for one , so that he can crow about eliminating the considerable trade deficit with germany .
