  well , those options all exist , though not every group necessarily received every option, 
  lithuanian beers are some of the best imported beers you can buy here outside of belgian stuff . 
  crazy cheap , strong , excellent . 
  if i could get it everyday , i 'd chug it like water too, 
  reality hurts russians , i know-like kryptonite-but it 's still reality . 
   they did not liberate ee , but occupied them or forced puppet governments i mean , by definition , the ussr was just another occupying power-not a liberator . 
  if the russians were really such great liberators and heroes , they would not be despised by the people in ee who had to deal with them most . 
  silly to even debate , really, 
  what , does everyone just know everyone over in ireland ? 
  two people in one thread who know the pm 's daughter is kind of crazy, 
   not just iranian but whatever . 
  if we are speaking about iran , their country has much more resources than the rebels ( like by a lot ) . 
  unless rebels bring down iran , iran will not back off . 
  it does n't have to-but if at any point ( now or future ) it ca n't do the heavy lifting or starts losing , russia will have a decision to make . 
  this wo n't be the last conflict in syria . 
   nice argument . 
  iraqi militias ( not the official government ) had claimed many times that they will go to syria once they finish off isis in iraq . 
  iraqis claim a lot of things , but i 'll believe this when i see it . 
  that 's one of the few things that iran could do that would turn iraq into an even bigger mess than it is now . 
  ignore that , and i guess it makes sense, 
   syria is more important to iran than it is to russia . 
  they will not back off . 
  it 's not a matter of back off-it 's a matter of russia relying on iranian success in doing the real work . 
  that could change , and russia would then face a difficult choice . 
   also , once iraqi deal with isis ( relatively soon ) , they will come fight to syria as well ( and obviously on assad 's side ) . 
  there are so many things wrong with this statement that idk where to start, 
   if the americans really want regime change , they 'll get regime change . 
  let 's not pretend that this is n't the case . 
  i also do n't see how this makes the assad regime a higher priority than isis . 
  a voice of reason-i 've been saying this for years . 
  if we wanted assad gone , he 'd be gone, 
   ukraine turned from russia before the intervention . 
  wanting good relations in both directions is not turning from russia . 
  russia forced ukraine to choose , and it chose the west . 
  that 's a pretty hefty loss-it shows that russia ca n't even control it 's traditional sphere of influence without force . 
  you do n't see the u.s. bombing france and canada in order to keep them in nato, 
   the thing with syria is that russia keeps their intervention pretty low key and are only there to support syrian army . 
  the thing with syria is that russia rides on the work that iran and it 's proxies do . 
  if iran 's efforts falter at any point in the future , russia will have to commit more and more . 
  it 's a huge gamble that this wo n't happen in the future, 
   syria is not even close to ukraine in terms of how many problems it brings to russia . 
  yet . 
  edit : see u.s. and afghanistan, 
   difference is that many people are starting to lose faith in trump , while in hungary orban 's party is still leading in the polls . 
  truth is , people who supported him in the election are with him no matter what-he 's lost almost no support . 
  everyone hated him then and now-the election system is just broken, 
  obvious , is n't it ? 
  like the benefits , hate the burdens, 
   freedom of press index is created by reporters without borders , an so called ngo , with obvious political lens , so their index is more of an index of how pro migrant , so called progressive a country is , without checking sweden will be near on top . 
  ... this assertion is trump-level stupid . 
  got ta be careful-russia 's relying more on the nationalism and support rebels cb 's these days too, 
  i take it back-you do n't seem to know what you 're talking about , or ca n't express it clearly at least, 
  you seem to know something i do n't ... 
  i 'm sure that he 's joking, 
  if lawmakers are reasonable enough to require it in the first place , they 're probably reasonable enough to account for people unable to take them for medical reasons, 
  imagining this said defiantly in a scottish accent . 
  i like it . 
  would n't know , though . 
  there was something in the news over here about it a while back , but it faded into the background pretty quickly . 
  idk , the real failure was hillary clinton . 
  she 's just electoral cancer , and always has been on the national stage . 
  any other opponent would have put trump away , but she kept turnout down so much that he eked out the most technical of victories . 
   i do feel very sorry for the americans who opposed him . 
  the great irony is that , with few exceptions ( like women reliant on government-sponsored family planning services ) , nothing he 's done and little he 's proposed would seriously hurt us . 
  mostly hits his own supporters, 
  chaplains doing mass and such for soldiers vs. christening weapons into the holy hand grenade . 
  denying the former would be an exceptionally cruel thing for the church to do , whereas the latter is just weird . 
  are we really comparing these, 
  he 's being deliberately obtuse . 
  anyone who has lived here more than a year knows that crime occurs most in the poorer parts of a given area , and anyone who claims otherwise is lying to your face . 
  i assumed it was a translation thing ... but the link ends in uk . 
  that 's really messed up . 
  are the brits really so worried about bruising people 's feelings ? 
  throw every last person involved in prison and dare anyone to speak against it-worrying about backlash in this case seems ridiculous, 
  ... in the same way that the romans `` established '' british culture : they made a desert and called it peace . 
   cause i do n't feel that eu/nato would try hard to go to war with russia for the sake of estonia either . 
  ukraine just is n't worth it to anyone . 
  ukraine actually makes russia look a haven of good and competent governance . 
  the odds that they could ever join the eu , or contribute in any meaningful way to nato , are just barely above zero . 
  whether the same is true of the some of the more recent entrants and candidates or not , this is definitely true for ukraine , and more or less why no one 's riding to the rescue : who wants to own the mess ? 
  who wants to send weapons over only to have them stolen or lost ? 
  no thank you-had enough of that with those incompetent fools in iraq , syria , and afghanistan . 
  the biggest concern in ukraine is the irredentism . 
  if fabricating territorial claims and pressing them becomes the norm , the world 's going to get a lot less pleasant for a lot of people . 
  more likely , americans relocating to the eu were that way already . 
  trumpets barely leave their hometowns-the idea that they would move to europe is amusing to me, 
  nazis are great source material jokes and targets fps games , and there 's nothing you can say to convince me otherwise, 
   but it 's american imperialists who called our rocket in such a way , because they want to see their lord everywhere . 
  -- says country where religious leaders literally , physically , priest in robes and the works , bless actual nukes, 
  south americans , north americans , whoever . 
  bad news aplenty for anyone in the americas unfortunate enough to be `` discovered '' by that the spanish, 
   also trump himself is pretty crazy for america to vote in and baffles me the more i think about who trump was before being president . 
  yea , trump is a classless asshole and he 's always been known as one . 
  this was not some charming stranger with no record ; he 's a terrible person with a history of sleaziness that puts most human beings to shame . 
  and people know this-it 's not a secret . 
  it 's depressing , honestly, 
  yea , ca n't believe there 's so much here without anyone asking . 
  my money is on no . 
  here 's what actually happened : http://www.politico.eu/article/uk-blocks-eu-military-unit-in-wording-spat/, 
   the eu has never been as anti-trade as it is at the moment to hear this sub tell it , the eu and china are standing strong against the evils of anti-trade sentiment coming from the u.s. and a few other places unworthy of mention .
