  improper analogies do n't change the fact that a few places in the eu get something for their money , while the vast majority of it produces nothing of any real value, 
  animals accept their surroundings as a given and adapt to their environment . 
  humans adapt their environment to their own needs . 
  guess which one your philosophy falls under ? 
  none of that has anything to do with the fact that the eu ca n't really field a functional force , excluding a few members . 
  ... does leasing count ? 
   we are facing structural issues regarding how germany has managed it 's industrial ability , and the inertia behind existing infrastructure . 
  this will take decades to sort , the anti-euro nonsense is distracting us from it . 
  it 's not a binary issue ; you realize this , right ? 
  distorting effects resulting from ecb policies only make it harder for all parties to fix the structural problems . 
  it 's especially interesting to see the resistance come from the eu , as they are the ones hurt by it-it 's less of a concern for nations outside the eu . 
   i mean seriously , he is currently fighting the ecb to keep infation low and interest rates high to please the older demographic and their pension which will win them the elections . 
  he has everything to gain from painting it as too low and the ecb 's fault . 
  how does this escape you ? 
  excuses for the basic reality . 
  i suppose merkel is doing the same ? 
  i doubt very much that the fbi knew of 100k people literally planning a terrorist attack . 
   and in the 1980 's you 'd be complaining , but instead of the euro being to weak , you 'd be saying that the dm is too strong and that 's the reason for german economic might . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  it does n't matter what happened in the '80s , and i do n't care what debates have been going on for decades . 
  the euro has been around since 1999 ; most eastern european members did n't join until the late 2000s , so you can stop worrying about what anyone said almost 40 years ago . 
  germany 's own finance minister has acknowledged that ecb policies keep the euro lower than germany 's competitiveness warrants , so i really do n't see how you can deny this . 
  germany claims not to like this , but the point is that they do n't even deny it ... for reference : https://www.ft.com/content/d2384ec6-eb89-11e6-930f-061b01e23655, 
   we are the good guys , they are the bad guys ... am i arguing with a disney princess ? 
  even cartoons have more depth than you . 
  this response sums up the substance and maturity level your overall response displays before the last line :  russia tried that in the 90s ... 
  did n't stop nato 's expantion i ca n't tell you what will make russia more attractive than the west , because quite frankly it has less to offer ( then and now ) . 
  i can tell you that threatening your neighbors with proxy wars and doing the usual r/russiadenies game is the last way to go about it , though . 
  i mean , the u.s. alone is more powerful than russia , and nato obviously dwarfs it . 
  if there really were some evil plan to destroy russia , you probably would n't have had the last two decades to harp about it . 
  you must realize how ridiculous it is to claim that adding estonia or montenegro is really somehow a threat to russia ? 
  i do n't see you refuting the broader point , just ... whining , really . 
  there a greek joke in there somewhere , i 'm sure, 
  i 'm not concerned with that the french thought in the 80 's . 
  it 's not really a question as to whether the euro is weaker than the dm would be-it 's a question of how much more cost-competitive it makes germany than it otherwise would be . 
  in this case , it 's composition of the currency . 
  the french were simply not competitive before , but they are even less competitive vs. germany now thanks to the euro, 
  as if reaffirmation of the paris agreement would affect the transition already underway here ... 
  10 % seems unreasonably low , yes, 
  more like `` the rest of europe needs nukes , so we can continue to sit pretty with the euro undervalued in comparison to where the dm would be and contribute nothing to the self-reliance we 're preaching '', 
  do n't get sucked into his bullshit . 
  none of it has anything to do with how shittily russia behaves in eastern europe , or how empty claims about nato threatening russia itself are . 
  if the russians would fuck off from eastern europe , they 'd suddenly find nato a lot less menacing , because it would n't be thwarting their plans to de facto control over those nations . 
   let 's try and look at it from another perspective . 
  what if russia , iran , and north korea would sign a nato style treaty . 
  i would have to contain my laughter , which would be deep and long . 
   do you think that there would be no opposition from us and other countries ? 
  no to the degree russia resorts to-fomenting war in its neighbors just to forestall something that , as the map above shows , never happens . 
  russia is n't worried about a nato attack , and you make yourself seem ridiculous when you suggest it-all russia wants is a free hand to dominate and control it 's western neighbors , and it hates that nato stands in the way of this goal . 
  all i hear is former superpower trying to justify it 's continued attempts to act like one . 
  frankly , if russia fears encirclement so much , it should stop being such an raging asshole towards its neighbors and stop worrying about being able to control them through influence or otherwise . 
  perhaps would see no benefits to joining , in such a scenario . 
  why in the holy fuck does no one in europe have ac , anyways ? 
  i 'm here in paris and it 's like 80 fahrenheit in my room ( just under 27 celsius ), 
   in fact , i highly doubt that the usa has the capacity to defeat the eu militaries in europe . 
  which it should be able to do , easily , if it was 10 times more capable . 
  the fact that someone actually believes this is more concerning evidence that europeans really do n't have a realistic grasp of how militarily ineffective they are once you step aside two or three nations, 
   that is a very misleading statement . 
  it focuses on some very specialised areas , like air tanker refuelling , airlift capacity . 
  these are absolutely essential capabilities-not some specialized niche . 
  if you ca n't keep planes in the air and get assets where they need to go , you ca n't accomplish what you need to . 
  the usn 's greatest weakness is actually its lack of refueling support vessels for instance . 
  this is not something to just waive off . 
  bluntly , a military that ca n't do this stuff is useless in the modern world . 
   but the manpower , tank numbers , equipment quality , artillery , training etc of the eu armies is very much above `` 10 % of the us '' . 
  only because france exists . 
  italy has a respectable navy too , but remove the uk and france , and the eu has almost no military capabilities at all . 
  none of the remaining numbers change the fact made in the previous argument . 
   the uk has by far the most professional and most experienced military in europe . 
  the loss of those those types of ships from the eu does n't accurately depict the loss of british expertise . 
  this is not an exaggeration : within nato , the only country that can actually contribute in a truly meaningful way to us military operations is the uk . 
  look at the recent western intervention in libya . 
  that military operation was depicted in the media as basically being some sort of pan-european operation and yet the us and the uk did most of the work . 
  france as well , despite the wwii jokes about them . 
  ( french wwii rifle for sale : never fired , only dropped once ! ), 
   the eu without the uk is way , waaaay weaker from a military standpoint . 
  that is a fact . 
  unquestionably, 
  seriously . 
  france , uk , us , and believe it or not italy field the best navies in the world already ; it 's not clear why anyone would need more than the minimum to do routine policing and patrolling given this fact, 
   i though this sub hatted russia . 
  hating the us is only a generalized feeling over the internet , not something specially from this forum . 
  pretty much , although hating russia is pretty popular the world over . 
  this sub mainly has a hard-on for some fantasy where all europe becomes one country and acts as such , and they see american retrenchment from europe as a galvanizing force this fantasy, 
  you can act like the mess in syria was created by us , and pretend that you 're doing anything to help fix it ( you 've done nothing against isis despite all of russia 's lies ) , but it 's just that : pretending . 
  i 'm much happier with former eastern europe not having to deal with russian nonsense and accepting the risk of a terrorist attack now and then than i would be with russia instituting systemic repression and all the usual trappings of russian misgovernance there . 
  they have five guys in paris now , and elsewhere i 'm sure . 
  much better than the rest of the list imo . 
  panera is all over the us ime, 
  doughnuts , cookies , and cupcakes are great at home . 
  we tend to lack variety on the baked goods though-finding french desserts or something like that can be tough, 
  i mean ... our food is basically german food with a slight change ... 
  pic is a lie-you ca n't buy half a liter of soda here . 
  also , our soda is made of corn syrup as opposed to regular sugar , it does n't taste as good, 
  it 's a convenient and acceptable excuse for trying to squelch competition ? 
  yea , uk-just break into 500 tiny , pretend counties that exist just to be tax havens , rejoin the eu , and profit . 
  follow lichtenstein 's example, 
  i find that idea that russia would have become a mercantilist autocracy as opposed to just a petrostate extremely unlikely , and have no doubt that most people would make same trade again if asked, 
  luxembourg ... well , if we must pick a place to offend , a tiny place that exists solely because it 's more valuable as a tax haven than as extra territory for some actual country is not a bad choice, 
  brought al qaeda , helped convince soviet union to stop forcing it 's awfulness on much of europe .
