  the election-time groveling to russia that trump did was , and remains , an embarrassment . 
  we are far too powerful to behave like that towards an irredentist russia that is hell-bent on weakening our influence in the world , and in turning our allies against each other and us . 
   many cynics have been speculating that trump will use the air strike opportunity to eventually remove sanctions on russia in a bid to restore diplomatic ties that does n't make sense . 
  the cynics are reaching with that one, 
  attitudes towards russia are surprising ; 31-38 approve/disapprove is closer than expected . 
  expected a bigger split . 
  also surprised that 15 % of poles hate japan . 
  seems ... random, 
   you think your constitution is vague , at least it 's all written down in one place . 
  ours is spread out over hundreds of years worth of legal documents and political acts . 
  yea , but that just means that you can find support for anything spread over the random sea of stuff . 
  we 've got about 20 double-spaced pages of vagueness , almost of all of which has n't changed in about 230 years . 
  we have to constantly invent ways to get around its obvious limitations . 
  you probably do to , but i 'm betting it 's easier to do with centuries of stuff strewn here and there to pull from, 
  we 're a big country-there 's room for more . 
  diversity is strength , after all, 
  https://isthereanydeal.com will tell you who has what on sale , the historic best prices , and you then can check the individual retailers for when sales end . 
  steam 's got it right now for $ 10 , but you can get it for less if you 're patient . 
  eu iv is an awesome game , definitely worth getting . 
  i would not recognize half the flags on reddit if i had n't spent tons of time with it, 
   but if those same people vote for the right it 's because they are uneducated low information voters . 
  ... because they are ? 
  you 're canadian-you have no excuse for pretending/not knowing that the american right does n't seek to fuck over poor people left , right , and center, 
  ... is this a real bbc production ? 
  i 've only ever seen the news network , and this is extra shit by comparison, 
  `` give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses yearning to breathe free ... '' you can give us some these lovely redheads too , fyi, 
   there is reason to use them for the rebels , if the us would intervene on their side as they did if you suspend reality and ignore the past five years , you can believe that the rebels would believe that such an act would n't a ) be found out and b ) spur a u.s. reaction , when none of the other usages spurred any action to date . 
  i 'm starting to see why people advocate ignoring the rest of the world on this sort of thing , frankly, 
   iranian forces ? 
  quite a lot . 
  that 's true , mostly because iran has done a significant majority 's of assad 's fighting for him , and because they did n't want isis spreading it 's tentacles into lebanon . 
   assad lacks the capacity to do anything much , this is almost all russia and iran by now . 
  russia gets a lot good press for what is really iran 's work, 
   who 's going to stop them ? 
  no one , but there 's every possibility that the rebels might surrender before it goes the way of aleppo . 
   that would be good if it was consistent . 
  and then it would be good if the measure actually hit in an effective manner that does not help daesh . 
  assad 's forces have done almost nothing against isis , because it 's politically useful to keep them around and deal with them last . 
  not a conspiracy ; just a harsh political reality that assad appears to understand . 
  i have no doubt that , if assad had really pushed against isis at any point , that our government would be much more willing to overlook incidents the current one . 
  while it may eventually help isis , well ... there 's a bigger picture we have to deal with . 
  besides , isis ' days as a territory-holding fighting force are numbered no matter what happens to assad . 
  the other rebel groups rampaging around syria are a bigger concern with respect to strikes on assad imo, 
   there is no reason to think assad would use chem weapons two days after us told him he can stay either . 
  there 's little reason to use them at all , but both he and the rebels have been doing so . 
  chemical weapons are easy for an armed force to guard against , but extremely effective against civilians that are n't ready for it . 
  that 's why they 're banned in the first place . 
  no one can give you a decent answer as to why any of the combatants use them , aside from the desire to spread fear among a civilian population . 
   it just means that idlib will be flattened by conventional means . 
  maybe . 
  taking assad to task over chem weapons is n't about syria , though ; it 's about the next upjumped cutthroat that might think about using them in the future , and dissuading them from doing so . 
   it was pretty obvious then , and the inquiry just confirmed it iirc . 
  half-right . 
  the dutch led the charge , conducted an investigation along with other countries , and confirmed the obvious . 
  the u.n. did not , in part because the russians vetoed a resolution to establish a tribunal that would have investigated and prosecuted the offenders . 
  there 's no reason to think that anything different will occur this time , except the obstruction by the syrians and russians would probably render a similarly-thorough investigation almost impossible edit : although i ca n't see how people ca n't see that it 's also obvious this time ... 
   we need to stabilise the situation and than negotiate with the russians for him to step down . 
  and now , there is more leverage than ever to use in said negotiations . 
   g\u00fcnther meyer respectfully , that guy is wrong , and if he really thinks that anyone ( rebels included ) expected american intervention due to chemical weapons usage , he does not deserve to be called an expert on such matters . 
  seymour hersh is someone that all respect , and there 's no reason to doubt him . 
  there 's also no reason to think that a 3 + year old article about a rebel group that is on the verge of defeat that might have had the ability to mix sarin ( and deploy it effectively ) a ) had this ability , but used it sparingly at best prior to two days ago ; b ) had any incentive to use the weapons on this particular group of people ; or , again , c ) had any reason to think this would spark american intervention , given the reasons i mentioned in the previous posts . 
  honestly , i find it unreal that this sub suddenly has such a hard-on for conspiracy theories that do n't make any sense . 
  stunning for this sub , at the very least . 
  never in a million years would i have expected it in r/europe . 
  hilariously , it 's also the same nonsense being peddled by people who sub to [ the_donald ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/the_donald/ ) and read breitbart . 
  different motivations , but same irrational thinking, 
   if russia had n't stepped in i am extremely doubtful that our countries would n't have gone in . 
  they 've been sabre-rattling since the war began . 
  maybe in britain , but that has n't really been the case here . 
  sentiment against involvement ( as in , occupation-level involvement ) was and remains high here . 
  i ca n't imagine that brits feel differently . 
  i also think you 're reading the timeline wrong : russia intervened because assad was flailing , and also because it eventually became clear that obama and friends would not get involved directly in any meaningful way . 
  russia did n't race the west to syria ; they entered once the risk of conflict with us over it appeared to subside . 
  it was not a bad read on putin 's part . 
  trump 's unpredictable response here was something putin could n't have predicted , though . 
  no one could , honestly-his supporters are very divided over the recent strike, 
  a far cry from  they are basically funded by the neocon warhawks . 
  hell , half the wiki page is dedicated to how hrw is disproportionately tough on israel ; does n't sound like the tactic of a neocon rag to me . 
  moreover , criticism is not the same as being financially dependent on someone . 
  every humanitarian organization receives such criticism , from the u.s. and from others , about its perceived failings . 
  hrw probably does go easy on america , but to suggest that hrw will help fabricate some massive conspiracy on our behalf makes the mh-17 deniers look like reasonable people, 
   there 's still no proof provided by anyone that the attack was indeed with chemical weapons.it does n't make sense because assad is winning using conventional means so why risk a retaliation for such a small gain ? 
  easy answer : the risk of retaliation only looks real to you now with hindsight . 
  i 've reminded people elsewhere about this , but we 've done nothing about chem weapon use since it first popped up in 2013 . 
  our congress did n't even vote on whether to take action in response to it , because russia ( at the time ) supposedly brokered a deal in which assad would turn his stockpile over for destruction . 
  clearly , that did n't happen , and none of the violations since have led to retaliation . 
  assad and friends had no reason to think that this time would be any different-especially not with trump 's previous stance against intervention . 
   dont want to minimize the impact on those people , but more civilians die in syria in a regular week in car bombs , svbieds , rocket attacks , etc. 
  on the other hand , even if there 's no proof , i would n't put it past some of the people in syria 's military/government simply based on their track record . 
  but again , it does n't really make sense from a tactical point of view . 
  again , it 's not about syria , it 's about making sure that there is no next time . 
  no one 's pretending that it 's going to make syria better , or that these are the biggest killers in the conflict . 
   escalation would be a disaster for everyone , not just russia . 
  which is precisely why russia wo n't escalate with us . 
  you 'll see the same reaction you saw in 2013 : diplomatic ( and otherwise ) attempts to forestall such an outcome . 
   hard to do in a country where only the cult of personality is seen as powerful . 
  who you 're going to put in charge and have everyone be ok with ? 
  assad 's brother , the one everyone agrees is a psychopath ? 
  a moderate rebel figure head that wo n't hold any power over the hardliner islamists that started to dominate the rebellion since 2015 ? 
  iran and friends can sort that out .
