  amazingly predictable . 
  i invite you to look at ukraine and ask yourself why 28 or so mostly tiny , shitty armies ( with maybe two exceptions ) with redundant and weak capabilities is perhaps not a great idea . 
  you know it 's true . 
  russia has the same access to sevastopol that it always had , and which was never threatened in any way . 
  it 's turned ukraine into the most anti-russian nation on earth . 
  it 's gotten itself sanctioned by all of the west thanks to crimea and mh17 and has pushed its old playground in the east closet to the us than ever before . 
  it 's got the government openly advocating to join the eu and nato . 
  crimea is having so many problems simply keeping power flowing that the russians are resorting to deception just to get hold of parts from siemens ( not that the germans tried very hard to stop that happening $ . 
  so what is that they gained that is so obvious to you but to no other ? 
  you 're just bullshitting . 
  if you came here and could n't find cheap groceries , you really were n't looking very hard , or you did a terrible job . 
  it does n't vary much by state at all , unless you live in hawaii or alaska where everything is expensive . 
  i ca n't believe there are people claiming that germany has lower food prices than low-tax , agricultural powerhouse us which produces more agricultural goods than the entire eu put together and is the largest exporter of agricultural goods in the world . 
  only in the most technical of definitions . 
  flowers are a luxury good that happen to grow out of the ground , like actual agricultural commodities like grain . 
  i do n't care what a random website called numbeo says . 
  food is cheaper than in germany . 
  this is a uncontroversial fact that anyone who has ever been to both places knows . 
  you get more here , and you pay less . 
  unless you buy gouda cheese or some other imported item , this is true for almost everything . 
  there 's also the fact that the kurds in iraq fought each other non-stop , and will get right back to the moment they are n't focused on external threats . 
  civil war is sure to follow , even if they manage to gain independence, 
   those wronged have the possibility of having their day in court . 
  lawsuits brought about due to employment discrimination do win . 
  but that can only happen if you 're in a protected class . 
  they might get their day in court . 
  problem is , it 's extremely difficult to win such a case , and the case wo n't get to court for quite a while-if you have n't already signed an arbitration agreement of some sort when you were hired , in which case you will struggle to find an attorney to take your case and get a fair trial due to how arbitration works . 
   i think you 're saying that if you 're smart , you can fire anyone for any reason by covering your tracks . 
  many people are not smart . 
  you do n't have to be smart-you just have to not get caught . 
  he-said , she-said is an easy place to find yourself , and if that 's all you have , you again will not have much luck finding an attorney to take your case because it will never get to a jury . 
  the smartest will create a paper trail , but even the dumbest are competent enough not to create an incriminating trail , and that 's about all you need in most cases to avoid liability . 
   if you ca n't see that , then i think it would be futile to try and explain it to you . 
  translation : `` yea , russia really did n't gain anything that ukraine did n't give freely . 
  that 's a good question-i 'd be better off dodging it . '', 
   that 's probably because you do n't know what you are talking about then . 
  see above, 
   hm , i think it would still be wrong in german , too . 
  it 's a participle construction and would therefore look completely different . 
  the period after money is weird-a dash or '' , but ' flow better , but the real confusion is :  caught coordinating with executives his political speech on pollution fraud idk what this is supposed to mean with respect to mr. spd . 
  what did he actually do ? 
  why oh why would nato forces need to pass through slovakia ? 
  i just ca n't envision why . 
  your responses are 90 % ranting about iraq and such , and about 10 % you being whiny and ridiculous while feigning some serious stupidity, 
  it does , though . 
  it gives them the resources and time needed to find work where they do n't have to work with a bigot . 
  the idea that a homosexual person can reasonably work for someone that hates them based on their orientation is just not realistic . 
  if there were a way to make it work , i 'd be all for it , but until i 'm convinced there is one , giving people the financial capacity to find something elsewhere while punishing the discriminator is the most realistic outcome in the cases where this will matter . 
  i say that because larger companies will already have no tolerance for this nonsense ; these problems are going to pop up with a smaller employers where simply getting rid of the discriminator is n't possible . 
  no , i know employment law rather well . 
  i just know how weak the protections are in reality . 
  old people and pregnant women are discriminated against all the time , despite the rules . 
  they have more protection than gays on paper , but in reality , the difference is n't that great . 
  there 's no reason not to add gay people as a protected class , but there 's also no reason to pretend that will help them much, 
  it 's not about `` improving coordination . '', 
  10 nations with no real capacity put together amount to a lot of spending for no real return . 
  someone has to step up and provide the difficult and expensive capabilities . 
  and the free-riding critique stands . 
  the ridiculous assumption that `` integration '' can magically create military capability on the cheap is a fantasy used to sell others on the idea in the hopes ( or perhaps on the assumption ) that they will have to step up and do the heavy lifting . 
  it 's just a buzzword . 
  burden sharing is the image , but burden shirking seems like a more likely reality for lots of reasons . 
  ... the us was roughly 80 % white in 1970 . 
  slaves were not imported after 1807 . 
  these two things have literally nothing to do with each other . 
  and how do you think they do this ? 
  by limiting employment decisions to factors other than those proscribed . 
  which still results in people who hate each other working together-or does , in theory . 
  reality is that a gay person will never be treated fairly by a homophobe employer , prospective or otherwise . 
  penalizing the discriminator , compensating the one discriminated against , and thus enabling the one discriminated against to move on , is the best realistic outcome, 
  liberation awaits them all . 
  ... except for whenever the fuck people feel like keeping them . 
  everyone in the eu spending so little would give you a bunch of tiny militaries with no capabilities and relatively high expense . 
  it 's just a nice-sounding way for you to free-ride on the assumption that others would provide the actual capabilities . 
  what happens when everyone tries the same , though ? 
  title gore ... `` coordinating with executives his political speech on pollution fraud ? '', 
  what ? 
  also , paywall, 
  luxotica is italian, 
  he can take all the credit for it . 
  he just wo n't be relevant to a gauge of innovation in 2017 , for what should be very obvious reasons, 
  so ... it 's not going to carry the banner for innovation in 2017 all by itself, 
   see this post . 
  again , the japanese can not claim every single thing done , discovered , or accomplished on the iss . 
  and , incidentally , in no way does that mean you invented the internet . 
   or like an american person claiming to have developed the atomic bomb . 
  most large projects these days are international to some extent . 
  so ... you 're admitting it was weird a thing to claim ? 
  then why did you bother listing it ? 
   i said for all we fucking know , we dont know why or for what , because american goverment dont bother telling us , and i ask why should we allow that in that case , alliance or not i mean , i 'm not expert on fancy things like walking from point a to point b , but i 'm going to go out on a limb here and guess that such access is , in fact , for getting from one end of slovakia to whatever is on the other side without going all the way around it . 
  just my radical theory though . 
   yea and i know you would just waltz in , cuz freedom and moral obligation bla bla bla , whatever suits you more like ... you 're just in the way of where we want to be , and being incredibly whiny about it . 
  what other reason would we have to go to slovakia ? 
  look on the bright side , though : this means you can elect your own saddam hussein if you want-no one will care . 
  so there 's that . 
   god forbid that you would actually need to respect un and international law ( iraq ) customary international law , as practiced for centuries without interruption , says that slovakia makes a great shortcut for getting armies from a to b. i 'd say we are upholding a proud tradition here, 
  because an american did n't devise it . 
  we 'll come up with something else for you to work with in short order , i promise . 
   ok , so ... what the fuck ? 
  you seriously think it 's ok to fire people for what they are ? 
  i suppose you think people should be able to be fired for being white ?
