  also , keep in mind that there were only 11 states in the confederacy-three of which ( virginia , florida , north carolina ) now seesaw between republican and democrat . 
  the problem is that many republicans ' only electoral concern is to avoid losing in a primary challenge to a more conservative candidate looking to take their place as the republican candidate in whatever state or congressional district race the incumbent running in . 
  supporting any legislation becomes self-defeating for them , because it opens them up of accusations that they sold out their values by compromising with the other side on something . 
  ( gerrymandered districts designed to ensure a republican victory in the general election are the root of this particular problem . ), 
  these particular republicans then demand changes to legislation ( like the most recent failed healthcare bill ) to protect themselves against a primary challenger . 
  those changes , however , alienate the rest of the gop , as the kind of regressive and draconian changes demanded are politically unacceptable to the vast majority of the country . 
  you wind up in a situation where the no-compromise faction ( which is not small number-at least 35 in the house , and somewhere between 4-6 in the senate ) forces the republican party to work with democrats to accomplish anything . 
  problem is , doing so is dangerous politically for the remaining republicans , and there 's little incentive for the democrats to help save their embattled counterparts in the first place . 
  it also does n't help that , frankly , the republican party 's policies and positions are just not that popular . 
  there is a reason why the republicans have only won the popular vote once in the past five elections . 
  they control congress and the presidency solely because the electoral college and the goofy way that we apportion seats in the legislature give people in less populated states disproportionate voting power . 
  there 's still some risk in doing massively unpopular things , though , especially in swing states . 
  he 's russian . 
  he 's comrade , now and forever . 
  those are the rules, 
  bet that they do n't know , after the whole money supply fiasco, 
  you can only deny the majesty of chicken tenders and lots of sequels to fast and furious for so long, 
  no lie , american subs for news and politics have gotten pretty toxic . 
  i hate trumpets as much as anyone , but i 'd rather not deal with them on reddit . 
  i already deal with enough of them in the real world . 
  this is one place where that wo n't be a problem, 
  philippines counts , for better or worse . 
  the putin one is just funny, 
   37-page letter turkish needs a tl ; dr. 37 pages ? 
  are we sure something was n't lost in translation here ? 
  i 'd rather go blind than read a 37 page letter from anyone, 
  duterte is still around 72 % , of you can believe it . 
  and , of course , comrade putin has been above 80 % since the beginning of recorded history . 
  nvm-meant to post this in response to someone else . 
  right , but do you know how much we spent on our space program back then ? 
  roughly 5 % gdp a year-there never a shortage of resources . 
  we 're never going to dedicate those kind of resources again , so there 's less rooms to take the kind of risks and absorb the sorts of setbacks that we did in the 60 's, 
   i 'd say that you had a choreographed act with the `` fight '' over the aca , which i assume is what you 're thinking of . 
  ordinarily , when congress does n't want to pass something popular , they blame the other party for blocking it . 
  exactly-the fact that they could n't even manage to get this done says a lot about their capacity to do anything of substance . 
  checks on power are less important when someone is too feckless to exercise it in the first place . 
   the gop and the president are working together , but if anything , it 's congress extending influence over trump -- having a party head ( priebus ) as white house chief of staff , the guy who determines who the president sees , is pretty dramatic . 
  trump ran on a platform of independence and overturning the establishment . 
  in practice , he kicked off with no clear policy agenda , and i 'd say that he 's running a very weak presidency . 
  does n't matter-congress is where the paralysis and ineptitude is strongest ( and that 's saying something ) . 
  he can only do so much without them , and they 've shown little ability to do much so far . 
  besides , there is a sizeable portion of representatives that simply do not work with anyone on anything . 
  to say that they are working with trump is a farce ; they work against their own party 's plans , casting those plans as insufficiently conservative in order to avoid a challenge from the right in the primaries . 
  they will play spoiler for the entirety of trump 's term , because it wins them elections , and it costs them nothing . 
  the only real question is whether the filibuster will remain in place for legislation or not . 
  that could get interesting, 
   then why is there a clear correlation between areas where the economy is largely based on agriculture and starvation/malnutrition ? 
  there could be many reasons why , depending on the correlation . 
   i mean you really think that venezuela does n't have oil and/or is unwilling to trade it ? 
  oil or other things . 
  they ca n't even engage in sufficient trade to feed people , period . 
  trade with them is going to have little , if any , impact for the french or their territories in light of this fact, 
  liberal trade does n't work in venezuela , not matter what the term `` liberal '' mean in italy . 
  if they had something the rest of the world/region wanted , were willing to sell it , and had enough of it to matter , they 'd have food right now . 
   not saying russian government is trustworthy but who knows what will happen if the status quo shifts completely to us favor . 
  nothing bad . 
  russian pride would take another blow , but oh well, 
   metro 2033 and stalker ( ukrainian devs but the concept was quite russian ) if the devs are ukrainian , that 's not a russian anything . 
  russia gets the book , not the game ( s ), 
   the moment rufed loses its nukes , the us and uk will wipe us off the face of the earth . 
  the moment russia loses it 's nukes , the us will forget that russia exists . 
  and everyone who is n't russian will be happier that both things happened, 
   because most schools are basically owned by the catholic church . 
  there is also a severe shortage of school places , so they use this as a means of deciding who does n't get a place . 
   hence the reason why parents , regardless of their religious beliefs , will always baptise their children . 
  i 've even heard some anecdotal stories of parents with a catholic up brings baptising their children into the protestant faith just to get them into protestant schools , which may be a bit more exclusive . 
  sounds like ireland need a serious dose of freedom, 
   trump is n't transforming the power structures in the us in any way at all . 
   it actually appears that the opposite is happening . 
  u.s. presidents are weaker than realized . 
  their ability to fundamentally change things is very limited , even when you have a competent leader in charge . 
  in truth , trump 's been one of the weakest presidents in years largely because his own party is built in such a way that it can compete in elections , but ca n't govern . 
  they can control the legislature without winning anything near a majority of votes cast , and can capture the presidency in the same manner . 
  and it 's killing them on the governance front, 
   well trump became president and the first thing those checks and balances should have addressed were his massive conflicts of interest . 
  fun fact : there is no check for conflicts on a president . 
  literally , not one . 
   congress is one of those checks and balances and it does fuck all . 
  congress is the biggest weakness in the american federal government 's structure by a wide margin . 
  it 's been falling down on the job for a while , but it really got bad in the 1990 's with newt gingrich circus . 
   that 's not enough to guard democracy imo . 
  honestly , what passes for democracy here would n't pass muster elsewhere , so make of it what you will, 
   though as your trump is showing , checks and balances are no magical bullets . 
  they just help . 
  checks and balances are n't even needed , mostly ; trump and the gop have been their own worst enemies . 
  incompetence like this something we have n't seen in a while . 
   not the americans . 
  they do n't give a damn about culture . 
  not like the french do . 
  you 'll never see people demanding protection for american singers or food or whatever . 
  they 'd be laughed at as lunatics and mocked by everyone, 
   he could very well declare that we all are failed socialist states the republican party beat him to it , sorry . 
   and stop trading with us . 
  he 's a little too reliant on eastern european women for that, 
   are you actually this ignorant ? 
  venezuela has no resources to trade ? 
  not one , vitally important one ? 
  while that sounds nice , the fact that venezuela is facing severe food shortages despite having lots of oil is pretty strong evidence that they do not , in fact , have much to offer in terms of trade at the moment, 
  whatever your opinion of the rest of it , there is a big difference between being in something 's gravity well and having to launch from the body 's surface where the gravity is strongest ( and the actual atmosphere presents it 's own problems ) . 
  the iss is in both bodies ' gravity well , but no one would seriously say that it 's no different there than here , though .
