  we ca n't invade anyone anymore now !, 
  it 's not nato that lets us do what we do with little opposition . 
  so ... what i said . 
  one phrase : gmo 's . 
  uncompetitive sector needs protection , it gets it . 
  no nonsense about health fools anyone . 
  just because they do , does n't mean we will be butt hurt if they do n't . 
  plenty of movies elsewhere that do n't , i 'm sure-you do n't see us whining about it , though . 
  i 'm going to let you think about how stupid your comment is . 
  i 'm sure you will have a revelation if you do . 
  five seconds on this sub will remind you otherwise . 
  that 's so ancient to most as to be a non-issue in today 's world . 
  so it will be with the u.k. and any regret over brexit, 
  of course . 
  but they wo n't not go just because they have to stay in italy . 
  saudi arabia is n't wrong . 
  i do n't hear any whining from our biggest allies ( uk , japan , australia , canada ) about trying to keep nato from growing too dependent on russian gas . 
  all i hear are whiny western europeans ( mostly germans and their smaller neighbors ) complaining about it . 
  none of you take any actual responsibility for or feel and compulsion to worry about nato , but that is not so here , and that is not going to change . 
  imagine a world where [ insert almost item conceivable ] where blah blah blah , and continue this sentence as you did above . 
  that is the point : banning one and not the other is incoherent and stupid . 
  do n't get too excited . 
  abominations like ns2 are still in the crosshairs . 
  and it 's still ridiculous how hard germany is working to ensure that dependency on russian energy deepens . 
   the us prosecutes a bunch of businesses and people each year for sanctions violations . 
  that means that there are companies violating sanctions in the us . 
  yes-but the sanctions are set up to work with proper enforcement ; not provide the illusion of a restriction . 
  show me one country in the world as unreliable and untrustworthy as russia . 
  some might honor this sort of restriction , but not them . 
  it does n't matter how corrupt or how noble the russian partner was-pretending that such a restriction was anything but illusory given the sanctioned nation at issue is a joke . 
  ... the article is about some place in finland ... 
  trump should push for something useful , and demand reciprocity legislation along similar lines : china gets the access it gives-and no more . 
  there are many igo 's that intermittently oppose american interests , but no serious person is going to claim that the u.s. does n't essentially control those institutions . 
  so it is with the eu and germany, 
   in my opinion doing something redundant and potentially dangerous is stupid . 
  i do n't see why these topics should be independent of one another . 
  so ... you 're changing from `` the practice is stupid , '' to `` too many health precautions are stupid and potentially dangerous ( even though i know the practice is n't unsafe , and am just bullshitting to save face in this regard ) . '', 
  got it, 
   how could the uk ever be a proud and confident nation if the butchering nazis could become the chosen ones in less than a century , i think the uk can manage this much . 
   no , i see it as a failure of democracy . 
  with the polling that close , and the referendum being advisory , i think it was the governments duty to reevaluate the relationship but not to end it . 
  that was n't a realistic option . 
  the referendum broke for leave ; no one could legitimately not do that . 
  calling for a referendum in order to avoid making a politically-difficult decision was the real failure . 
  russia would change nothing regardless of what we do . 
  but signaling to the world that trump will not be given a free hand to sell us out to putin , for whatever reasons trump has to do so , was important to do either way . 
  the iran sanctions relate only to the irgc 's ballistic missile program-specifically the components with mirv capabilities-because if they are not tying to build a nuke , they do n't need such a thing . 
  i like how you think america first has any meaning in the real world . 
  it does n't , much like everything else trump says, 
  what a circus . 
  banned ? 
  lol . 
  smoking like crazy : cool . 
  msg : banned . 
   rather that those events provide a good pretext to pass what is really a protectionist measure which would make us more dependent on us gas . 
  and i 'm the troll lol . 
  this is a lie , and you know it , but you keep repeating it . 
  you are just mad that the east wants to get off of russian gas , and thus remove a pressure point that germany intends to use via resale rights from ns2 ( and that russia has as the supplier of natural gas ) . 
  that 's something that ca n't be denied , though-the only losers in this scenario are those who want to rely more on the pipeline gas , regardless of whether you want to admit it . 
   anyway , if these sanctions are passed , you may enjoy complaints at the wto . 
  and germany may enjoy watching that trade surplus with us fade away as it does so . 
   if they understand that greece or italy is as far as they will ever get , many might not bother going to europe at all . 
  you can not honestly believe that . 
  do you really think that migrants do n't see italy and greece as better than whatever shithole they came from ? 
   pretty sure flying is more expensive in the us , especially if you count in the lccs . 
  it 's cheaper to fly between major hubs . 
  it 's really expensive to travel to one of the many , many bumblefuck airports here though, 
  how does an entire government resign ? 
  i 'm sure that was an anticipated outcome at the outset . 
  ca n't imagine otherwise, 
  honestly-instead of pretending to be in compliance with sanctions . 
  there is no point in pretending that a sanction aimed at keeping something out of crimea can be complied with by simply asking the russians not to send something to crimea . 
  if you do n't want it going to crimea , do n't sell it to a russian company . 
  shipyards can be considered a strategic national asset . 
  i have no idea if this one is or not , but i could see why one would hesitate to lose a domestic shipbuilding industry . 
  of all things germany deserves criticism for , this ( appeals over asylum decisions ) is n't one of them . 
  this means that they need a better system for handling the huge volume-not that they are silly or mistaken for having the system in the first place . 
  a lot of the critical comments in this thread are off-base in that regard, 
  let 's be honest : that siemens business was a joke-just a wink-nod promise to provide political cover for when russia ignored any provisions about crimea . 
  no serious person can say , honestly , that they though russia would honor such a restriction voluntarily, 
  the last quoted part really does sum up the overarching point, 
  you can claim anything and have people believe it when they want to believe it , and when you do n't make them actively hate you , regardless of any facts . 
  see : obama , trudeau , macron . 
   that 's why yanukovich had to pick between europe and russia - he was originally going to pick europe , then he was offered a deal from russia and changed his mind . 
  he only `` had '' to pick because russia-not anyone else-demanded it . 
  the idea that others force people to do less business with russia is a lie designed to obscure the fact that russia is the one forcing this choice , and that doing so only winds up hurting russia . 
   what about pakistan ? 
  bit hypocritical to call iran and afghanistan middle east yet a country that borders both of them can have as many nukes as they want . 
  what is with europeans and ignoring the world as it is , and instead of going to nonsense like this ? 
  if we had a fucking time machine , we 'd use it and assassinate every person who played any role in pakistan 's nuclear program . 
  whining and bitching about hypocrisy does not mean that we should repeat past failures like pakistan . 
  why is this concept so hard for so many ? 
  unless you have said time machine , i said you stop worrying about ensuring that every country in the world get nukes for fairness ' sake , and start thinking about whether a middle east bristling with nukes is really worth living with just so that you can feel good about not being a hypocrite . 
  they appear to see that as a benefit , not a burden . 
  ... wow, 
  i thought the reform package was vetoed ? 
  either way , those pushing the changes are probably happy to have a a foreign boogeyman to rail against . 
  they are also all very expensive-even the bolt is just under 40k us . 
  electric cars are made for driving around the city , where most of your fuel and emissions savings come from . 
  they are not made for long trips ; regular cars will have to fill that role , at least for a while .
