  is everyone going to fall on their sword over ns2 for you ? 
  trump would love it : splitting the eu and giving him the best excuse ever to ensure that the trade deficit with germany vanishes . 
  says a person who would likely denounce trump 's eagerness to remove sanctions on russia without congress tying his hands . 
  a typical example of a no-win scenario we often face with some people . 
  as if there is n't already . 
  they 've got a former pm on the gazprom 's board , and are so excited to deepen their dependency on russian gas that they are clashing with pretty much everyone aside from a few of their neighbors over it . 
  it 's a bit too late to worry about them getting cozy with russia imo, 
  not with us . 
  assuming that they are within the umbrella is mistaken . 
  maybe others would extend it for them , but i ca n't see why we would as things stand . 
  does just everyone get the umbrella for no reason ? 
  there has to be a line somewhere , else the umbrella has no value to us and there 's no point in providing it . 
  as it should be . 
  anything that puts nato members under the thumb of russia and now germany is a problem . 
  it 's like you are begging to strengthen the divide and sow dissent tactics that they are forced to rely on these days, 
  ns2 will make germany the reseller of gas to much of the east . 
  they 'd be subject to russia and the germans . 
  they are obviously not enthusiastic about this , and ruskies/germans do n't want to lose that leverage . 
  they seem to think so . 
  i have no idea why anyone in sweden would think that nato or the us would help them if something happened . 
  putting it bluntly , having them get steamrolled while nato members stay untouched is the best pr nato could ever get , if it must continue to exist, 
  it means that the nazis terrorized them enough that they realized how shitty the nazis were , and did n't repay the favor to one of nazi germany 's buddies , if your post about the nazis not being so bad for you has any truth to it, 
  idk who we is in this statement , but i know if you think that 's true , it just means that the allies did n't bomb you nearly enough, 
  no , i know that-i was n't clear before . 
  my point is that it seems like it 's used in the common-usage way when it seems almost inappropriate to , and that it is done to avoid singling out certain groups . 
  like , is it really fair to use that term when we know that indians are n't doing anything ? 
  is the idea . 
  it 's more like deal with the reality of what i said , or explain why it is n't true . 
  no one is saying that they will disappear-but all is not well in either by any means . 
  it 's not illegal where i live . 
  i do n't think it 's as common as it used to be . 
  fair to say that vw ( at least until recently ) was respected in germany , though . 
  if germans mocked vw as trash , it would be similar . 
  bk overseas is a way , way better than here , but it 's weird that a place that made it 's name the way bk did would decide to venture overseas in the first place . 
  she seems awfully concerned about the east receiving them directly . 
  i was legit to surprised to see burger king overseas , since there is nothing interesting or unique about them to warrant it . 
  still do n't get it . 
  bk is known for opening up in ghetto areas where mcdonald 's would n't , and that 's about it . 
  there 's not . 
  the euro is weak ( and was weaker ) , so people travelled more, 
  right ? 
  the whole point is to tie trump 's hands on this front . 
   and it 's the only sunny day in eastern finland this week . 
  this guy manages to fuck up even your personal plans !, 
  damn , who knew that putin could control the weather ? 
   we can have both russian gas pipelines and lng terminal for us fracking gas . 
  we can only benefit by allowing competition . 
  then why is germany opposed to 3 seas ? 
  probably , but what i mean is that it seems like the price of a coke might be a better item for such an index since it 's sold in more countries than mcdonalds ' food, 
  you 're wrong about not caring , i think . 
  france has , imo , the second-best tourism outreach in europe . 
  it 's not hard to get info , tickets , or any sort of help you might need after you 're already there . 
  surprising , because it really has a reputation to the contrary . 
  it 's not like people just come without any effort put into getting them there . 
  many still would , but from what i 've seen france puts considerable effort into trying to get people in too . 
  if you want to see what place that does n't give a shit about tourists and whether they show up looks like , wander down to italy and they 'll show you how it 's done, 
  coke ? 
  yes , it can-and the point is that the term seems to be used in stories about various fuckery ( that issue where pakistani gangs were grooming kids rape , this story , various terrorist attacks ) , when we all know that it probably was n't some person from india and the maldives . 
  taking the common usage there and deliberately applying in a manner that is overly-broad is the game ; why are you pretending otherwise ? 
  are you seriously telling me that you have indians and nepalese among the `` rape 15 yr olds asking for help '' demographic , and that such a description is really accurate when talking about this kind of stuff ? 
  the fact that you see a threat from lng , and not the pipeline , speaks volumes, 
  most contributed a token presence in afghanistan , with the uk and us doing the heavy lifting . 
  if that was too much , then they are welcome to leave, 
  your game , not the rest of the world . 
  show me why i 'm wrong , or deal . 
  there are tons of people from puerto rico , cuba , and the dominican republic here , and it can refer to any of them , unlike `` asian '' in the u.k. 
  it is not code in the same way by any means . 
  the idea that we ca n't prevent people from getting nukes does n't mean that should do things that will make everyone automatically seek them . 
  edit : and i will say that pakistan is extremely irresponsible . 
  they even stated a war with india ( kargill ) , using the nukes as a way attack without fear of serious retribution . 
  the idea it 's fine just because none have gone off in the west is very naive . 
  yea , and the germans go way back . 
  and that 's the problem, 
  i think it 's an option for those who would prefer to choose it for security reasons . 
  and it can come from anywhere-the seas are not a pipeline which is why people are suspicious and mad about the resistance to the idea . 
  does n't matter , if it happens . 
  that 's the power of running a trade deficit for you . 
  it 's more ... whether you should stick with one dealer , or hedge bets by working with others . 
  somewhere not playing the `` let 's pretend it was n't a pakistani or bangladeshi '' game that the u.k. seems to play would n't know . 
  so ... most of humanity , really . 
  he 's saying that if italy from rome to the north turns more against eu , italian exit is a possibility . 
  personally , i did n't get the impression that romans were happy with anything government-related , be it the italian government or eu . 
  that is the least of his problems, 
  mexico has some serious problems-so does thailand . 
  mexico do not kid yourself . 
  how dare you bring logic to this debate . 
  it does : they did n't have to participate , and they benefit from membership . 
  it does n't matter . 
  there are a shocking number of western europeans who see anything resembling energy independence for the east as a threat to their own position within the eu , and they prefer to pretend that some foreign boogeyman ( as opposed to their own scheming ) is to blame for the divisions that the plan is causing . 
  they 'll even tell that they prefer to be hooked on russian gas , rather than let the east import lng . 
  it 's pretty nuts , and it 's convincing me more and more that trump is maybe right about nato, 
  israel is still raging about the nuclear deal . 
  they do n't always get what they want, 
  dominant axis ? 
  russia may act like china is their friend , but anyone with sense knows that it is an act . 
  russia is losing what little influence it had left in central asia to china , and knows better than most that china would fuck ten over in a heartbeat for pretty much any kind of concession from the us , or probably even eu . 
  turkey is also throwing away good relations with all of its actual neighbors , while betting on a place that stands on the other side of a religious divide between a clown like erdogan and the a shia state like iran . 
  you are crazy if you think turkey is doing something that will benefit it in the short or long term, 
  he still looks like someone beat the shit out of his face with an iron though, 
  oh noes , sweden is n't in nato !,
