  why do you insist on staying dependent on one unreliable source of energy , when the east wants to diversify ? 
  western europe apparently wants to stay dependent on russian gas , in order to maintain leverage over the east , but that really is too bad-no matter what you think about the effort to diversify , or what schemes you see in these sanctions . 
  and i still say that you are a monumental fool if you think that three disparate actors like russia , congress , and trump actually put an elaborate show on just to pass some sanctions . 
  hardly . 
  if anything , it just allows his opponents and the law 's supporters to cast him as a german stooge , afraid and unwilling to act independently . 
  eu no doubt made his life harder , not easier . 
  ... did you miss the part about ukrainians stealing stuff and selling to anyone willing to pay ? 
  well yea-it was n't worth the risk . 
  that 's kind of implicit in the equation, 
  i do , because that was around the time when the worthless iraqis let tons of gear fall into isis ' hands , and when became more and more obvious that the fsa was both shifty and also corrupt itself . 
  the last thing obama wanted was american weapons making their way to the ukrainian rebels , or being used in some fuckup like mh17 ( on a less grand scale ), 
  i mean ... how do people think humans purify water ? 
  we put non-threatening levels of certain chemicals in it . 
  if you live somewhere without access to naturally-pure water , this is how it make to drink . 
  while that 's all super-interesting , it hardly amounts to evidence that chlorinating chicken is a stupid practice . 
   when it comes to internal-eu energy diversification efforts ... 
  seems to imply that ns2 is one such effort, 
  none of them were allies at the outset . 
  we did n't want to get involved in more european bullshit , and why we worked so hard after the war to make sure those clowns would stop making their problems our problems . 
  germany declared war , japan attacked , so not many options were left at that point . 
  i 'm sure the british had similar feelings about the unrelenting bullshit spilling forth from the continent at that point , and would have been happy to have the same option that we had . 
  but they did n't , unfortunately for them . 
  besides ... you realize australia and nz were part of the british empire , right ? 
  french bashing ? 
  c'mon , now-you ca n't tell me that french people place an important on their culture that other people just do n't . 
  it 's mostly just harmless and amusing to everyone else , but the french do n't seem to realize that this sort of thing is n't universal . 
  that 's not french bashing . 
  it 's something i doubt most french people would deny, 
  yes , afghanistan was peace and harmony before russia and the us came along . 
  that 's totally how it was, 
  it 's a state , but not a functional one . 
  the same concerns that prevented obama from sending weapons are still present . 
  we 're rather tired of having weapons sold/given to `` friends '' stolen and mysteriously reappearing elsewhere , aimed at us/friends . 
  ukraine was too corrupt then , and it 's too corrupt now, 
  while it 's nice to pretend like it was ingenious strategy , the reality is that the us had almost 0 military capabilities before wwii . 
  powerful standing armies have only been a thing here since after the korean war . 
  between fighting on two major fronts and having nothing at the outset , it was a struggle just to carry out operation torch, 
  that 's not really pedantism ... 
  but it 's also true . 
  it will take ages to get capacity up to the point where lng could replace a pipeline , but lng is a fungible product that you can buy from anyone selling it . 
  canada , australia , indonesia , even qatar already have considerable export capacity . 
  some places in africa do , but you never know with a place like nigeria . 
  whether it 's the `` next best option '' or not does n't change the fact that it creates options where none existed previously , and does through markets as opposed to geographic and political necessity, 
  lng lets you buy from whoever is exporting . 
  probably us , canada , australia , qatar , indonesia . 
  really , it 'd be an insurance policy against future coercion via pipeline diplomacy . 
  buying russian gas is n't as big an issue if you have a plan b should that fall through, 
  you do n't have fewer trade partners simply because your former vassals trade with other people too . 
  that 's a gross mischaracterization of how trade works and russia 's own problems , and it really says a lot about how former ussr territories are seen even today . 
  say what you will , but there was no annexation being done in iraq . 
  for better or worse , we left their borders intact . 
  when the us is the de facto guarantor of security for pretty much everything east of france and italy , it very much matters . 
  also , i love the double-speak : `` energy diversification efforts '' haha . 
  how exactly is building a new pipeline to carry russian gas energy diversification ? 
  you claiming that this is about energy diversification is not unlike an internet service provider claiming that they support `` net neutrality '', 
  no one said it was n't . 
  but those align well with ee 's concerns right now . 
  though i find it very unlikely that the `` geopolitical situation '' will ever change to the point where we advocate more dependence by nato members on russian energy, 
  us is meeting german resistance because the germans assumed that trump would be so hated that everyone would rally to the eu 's ( germany 's ) side . 
  i imagine that the divided reaction caught them off guard . 
  this is more a failed publicity-move than actual prelude to a threat . 
  germany runs a huge trade surplus with the us-they would not confront us over something like this pipeline . 
  idk if i 'd call it threatening america . 
  but yea , choosing to fight this of all battles ? 
  it 's less conspiracy theory than ever . 
  his behavior and strange refusal to criticize russia , his eagerness to eat a political shit-sandwich to shut down mueller probe , and his idiot son 's failure to coordinate with the other liars lead many ( like me ) to believe that it 's a matter of when , not if , we get a report from mueller outlining how such collision occurred . 
  there have been far too many damaging lies for there to be nothing . 
  literally , no exaggeration , every factual statement the trump team ( former campaign members included ) has made about this matter has been shown to be a lie , and they have followed it up by barely admitting the evidence found that disproved the last lie ... and by telling another lie . 
  then the same thing happens again . 
  and the cycle has repeated for months . 
  not just the germans , of course , but it 's not worth pretending that austria and the netherlands are really pushing the eu to beat the wardrums here . 
  and , well , only germany has a former pm working as a director at gazprom , so you can forgive people for being skeptical of how big and devoted the opposition really is outside of germany, 
  more lies . 
  no one can `` force '' anyone to buy american lng . 
  you can import from anywhere-not just here . 
  you know , a market ? 
  really ? 
  using nerve gas on little kids in no big deal ? 
  assad should have been personally killed for that action . 
  and there is nothing that anyone would have done , or will do , about it , even if we do it tomorrow . 
  saudi arabia is not knocking on nato 's back door , looking for weakness in order to barge its way in . 
  whatever its other many flaws , that is why russia is the focus , and it 's silly to pretend not to know this, 
  there 's no need for anyone else to bother trying to divide you . 
  the divisions are your own ; if they create weaknesses , there 's no one to blame but those among you who created the divisions . 
  turkey is past the point of being a reliable ally . 
  they just leaked the locations of us forces in iraq last week , as part of the latest turkey-tantrum under erdogan . 
  this is the same place that , in the last two years , shot down a russian jet ( though i am sympathetic , given how recklessly russian forces routinely behave toward other nato members ) ; experienced a failed coup that led to purges at all levels of society ( and especially of military members supportive of nato ) ; had used nato forces in turkey as bargaining chips in yet other turkey-tantrums ; and is now purchasing s-400 's that can not be integrated into nato systems . 
  this is not a stable , friendly , or reliable partner . 
  their potential usefulness is no longer relevant , as they are no longer interested in being a part of nato . 
  we 'd be wise to turn to sticks instead of carrots , and use the kurds are a real pressure point to stop some of erdogan 's bullshit while we reduce our presence in turkey and reliance on it as much as possible . 
  japan can . 
  without the us , they would go nuclear in light of china , and then the dominoes in the region would fall until everyone had them . 
  same would eventually apply to germany . 
  bitch though people do , no one wants to see either outcome, 
  japan is the one of the most important american allies in the world , in the same league as a few 5 eyes members ( uk , australia , canada ) . 
  it 's also the focus of american forces in asia , even more than sk . 
  it is , literally , the linchpin of american policy in asia . 
  there is no way that they would invite the headaches of nations on the other side of the world that are of questionable value against china , and that contains wish-washy and even traitorous ( turkey ) members-especially since they are already have their own problems to deal with in asia . 
  whether the `` a '' in nato is strict or not is a non-issue, 
  i doubt it .
