  mostly humor about this fact, 
  the russians lie about and deny everything , reality and evidence be damned . 
  r/russiadenies exists for a reason . 
  mostly humor about this fact, 
  just work with new pipeline buddy , putin . 
  he 's got experience rewriting unpleasant things out of his people 's collective consciousness . 
  i 'm sure that y' all can make it disappear from history for good if you work together, 
  just work with new pipeline buddy , putin . 
  he 's got experience rewriting unpleasant things out of his people 's collective consciousness . 
  i 'm sure that y' all can make it disappear from history for good if you work together, 
  just work with new pipeline buddy , putin . 
  he 's got experience rewriting unpleasant things out of his people 's collective consciousness . 
  i 'm sure that y' all can make it disappear from history for good if you work together, 
  and how many of those planes can the eu actually field effectively ? 
  russia 's rate is probably quite low , but i doubt very much that france can field 1600 combat-ready planes , and laugh at the idea that italy has 1000 ready to go . 
  more realistic numbers need to be compared . 
  and how many of those planes can the eu actually field effectively ? 
  russia 's rate is probably quite low , but i doubt very much that france can field 1600 combat-ready planes , and laugh at the idea that italy has 1000 ready to go . 
  more realistic numbers need to be compared . 
  the same eu comprised of members sinking deeper and deeper into dependency on russian natural gas ( and willingly ? ), 
  i will believe that they will ride to the rescue when they do it and prove me wrong . 
  if you 're american , rejoice : beer is ridiculously cheap anywhere in the common market . 
  even belgian that we pay a fortune a for is cheap . 
  wine and liquor i paid less attention to . 
  oh it 's very much in our interest . 
  go right ahead , try and help-all that will happen is the iraqis will kill you as you stand in the way of their zeal for killing each other . 
  you are dreaming if you think yemen somehow shows that superior arms are no longer important in interstate conflict . 
  like , truly delusional, 
  we shall see, 
  pretty much, 
  better than suffocating or burning to death because someone could n't be fucked to build a halfway-safe building that would never pass muster here . 
  and no , we do not . 
  having actually seen the west now , i know it is n't true in every category or for every other country in the west , and it is less true of the buildings we live in more than anything else . 
  translation : `` profits over people '', 
  germany buddying up with russia and causing cleavages in nato ( and now within the eu ) is nothing new . 
  i have no doubt that poland 's security is an afterthought at best in their thinking . 
  remember gerhard schroeder ? 
  france too . 
  france was literally selling russia a warship before russia started its business in ukraine . 
  for all the talk , it 's fair to say these guys view security in the east as a secondary concern . 
  the dutch , same as germany . 
  they were all mad about mh-17 for a while and really helped push europe to pretend to care about ukraine , but they pretty much toe the german line aside from that . 
  eu army wo n't happen because every nation in europe keeps their defense spending and capabilities very low , and they are happy that way . 
  other things factor in , but that 's the big one . 
  for all the talk , none actually want to invest the resources needed . 
  i 'm still convinced that eu army equates roughly too `` someone else in the eu can provide my security . '', 
  `` got mine , fuck the rest of you . '', 
  at least you do n't lie about it , unlike the other germans denying it . 
  how is this diversifying sources ? 
  you know that 's not true-don ' t pretend like it is . 
   it makes mentioning nuclear totally wrong however . 
  we mainly use gas to heat our homes directly . 
  ok , and the diversification away from this ... ? 
  you 're only going to become more reliant on gas , not less , is the point . 
  it 's not impossible so transition how you provide heat , unless you have no other sources of energy with which to generate said heat . 
   the us has different interests in this game . 
  especially about selling gas to europe this business of selling gas to europe is really overblown . 
  it 's just too expensive-the idea that the u.s. is ever going to be a major supplier to europe is not a serious idea here . 
  the only place where it appears to have any credibility is among those who would prefer to build new pipelines to russia . 
  america simply can not supply europe 's gas , no matter who might want things to shake out that way . 
   and to dismantle europe before it becomes another global superpower . 
  as rude as it sounds , no one ( edit : here ) is really worried about this happening . 
  all this talk of of federalized europe with an actual military ignores that fact the entire continent , excluding a few places in ee , is scrambling to spend as little on defense as possible . 
  each wants the rest to step up-there 's no belief here that anyone can or even wants to lead to even begin to make it happen . 
  still struggling with english i guess, 
  yea , will be real fun to smash your export-led economy with our own sanctions . 
  co2 levels will fall , smugness levels will fall , everyone wins . 
  lol massive dependence on russian gas and energy security do not belong in the same sentence . 
  it deepens an insecurity that makes them more and more questionable as supposed allies . 
  energy security haha, 
  wow , i really expect better from r/europe . 
  if i wanted to read dumb crap like this , i 'd stick to r/worldnews . 
  for all the whining , the saudi government 's iron fist is all that stands between the world and the truly reactionary populace of saudi arabia . 
  be careful what you wish for on that front . 
  it 's rather obvious at this point that germany , at minimum , would n't . 
  the germans seem to think that they can set our policy towards russia and ee because of the eu . 
  they 're mistaken . 
  waiting ? 
  are you paralyzed ? 
  elect a government with some backbone and get it done . 
   first of all , ns2 is a gas pipeline , not an oil pipeline . 
  as are all such disputed pipelines in the east , typos aside . 
  the broader concern still remains unaddressed . 
   secondly , we do not heat with electricity . 
  be that as it may , it still does n't show a serious effort at diversification . 
  looks more like doubling-down on the same current options . 
  you 'd need to explain to me how nord stream ii is n't a way to supply germany and friends with russian gas while isolating the east from similar , pressure-resistant access . 
  like it or not , having nato more under russia 's thumb is very much our problem . 
  much more than your claimed interest in diversifying energy sources . 
  you deactivated/will decommission your nuclear reactors and are building an oil pipeline wth the russians . 
  that hardly screams diversification to me . 
  no , i 'm saying they should stop making excuses for it and trying to justify it . 
  which you are doing , and i am not . 
  `` yes , but ... '' does n't count , and you 're the only one trying such a thing here . 
  maybe you clowns should stop calling it holland when speaking to other people , then ? 
  your government literally sells a holland pass for visitors to use . 
  take it up with them if you do n't like it . 
  i wo n't say anything because i 'm not trying to justify or excuse what happened in previous wars , unlike you . 
  there 's nothing to say . 
  i think you 're first dutch person i 've ever interacted with with a less than perfect grasp/understanding of english .
