  it 's mind-boggling, 
  if anything , it makes more sense in the case of the british isles , since ireland comprises a tiny portion of the isles , whereas the u.s. is nowhere near as big a percentage of what people refer to as america or the americas . 
  also , you wrote this :  all the same , call a mexican or a canadian `` american '' and you can expect to be rebuked about it . 
  yes for canada , maybe for mexico . 
  latin america uses the 6 continent model-they call themselves americans just like you call yourself a european , and not all are happy about us calling ourselves americans as our nationality . 
  whatever in this that linked image can not possibly look or sound as stupid and boorish as boris johnson . 
  never dismiss someone 's chances at political success just because they are a retarded-looking scumbag piece of shit, 
  the hole in your theory is that ... this is a private lawsuit , not a government action of any sort . 
  turn down your teutonic defensiveness a tad , and think for a second before you claim something so ridiculous, 
  it 's not a criminal lawsuit . 
  class actions , by definition , ca n't be used in a criminal case, 
   or it 's different and americans do n't seem to understand that . 
  it 's not . 
  it does n't matter that the path to a similar outcome is different-it 's a similar outcome . 
   all the same , call a mexican or a canadian `` american '' and you can expect to be rebuked about it . 
  this is not related to the british isles parallel , or anything else , and is irrelevant to the issue, 
  whatever the other concerns about the sanctions , the us federal government is simply not functioning as it is supposed to right now . 
  trump announces policies without telling even the people who are supposed to carry it out , while congress is wracked by the institutional warfare that the gop is waging and has been so for the better part of 6 years . 
  lack of consultation is not all that surprising , really, 
  it does n't matter if the unsc oks anything like that , or that they are a sovereign state . 
  every state accepts limits on its sovereignty when making deals with other states . 
  the issue here whether both sides are willing to make the required compromises to avoid a conflict , and achieve a detente . 
  iran is frankly a much more natural partner than sa ever was or will be , but at least trying to keep nukes and more weapons out of their hands in order to avoid an arms race that no one will win is a too important in the short-term to ignore . 
  saudis get a lot of leeway because they help counter iran and , more centrally , because the ugly truth is that the saudi government is actually moderate compared with whatever the population would want . 
  the womanizing rich people in the royal family are not the ones demanding things like preventing women from driving alone ; they make a lot of ugly compromises with the religious crazies in order to stay in power . 
  too afraid of something worse and unfriendly coming along , sadly . 
  there 's nothing to be done about trump . 
  the only real choices are they stop the program and hope for the best , or face a conflict down the road , however unfair it is and however poorly it reflects on us . 
  it will depend on what they value more, 
   you are like those brexit jokers who have a complete and fundamental lack of understanding of how trade works . 
  countries do n't import out of the goodness of their hearts , but because of either needing that product or it being more easily/cheaply available . 
  no one said it would n't be a more expensive or worse substitute . 
  that 's why it 's called an import substitute . 
   there is literally nothing germany exports to the u.s. in large quantities for which other potential markets do n't exist . 
  and i 'm the one who does n't understand how trade works . 
  are you going magically stimulate demand ? 
  or do you think that supply magically creates demand ? 
  that 's very much a george bush/gop belief . 
  fact is , if there was such heavy demand elsewhere , you would already be meeting that demand by increasing supply and selling accordingly . 
   while there is a lot germany produces no one else anywhere produces . 
  another optimistic assumption . 
  manufacturing equipment and medical equipment are the only things that might fall into this category , but there is little reason to think that these could n't be made elsewhere , if push comes to shove . 
  and yet again , are you going to find someone to buy enough of the slack to keep your capacity at where it is now ? 
  you appear to think so , but for no clear reason . 
  most of the surplus actually comes from automobiles , which i promise you are manufactured in places other than germany . 
   you should seriously lay off whatever you are taking , you sound like someone with actual brain damage by this point . 
  or you are north korea level brainwashed if you think thats how international economics works . 
  it 's not international economics , because it is n't related to international economics-we literally are our own largest creditor . 
  american entities and individuals hold the vast majority of our debt . 
  various other entities own the rest , but they own a small portion of the debt . 
   if you were `` your own creditor '' germany 's export surplus to the u.s would n't be a problem , you got infinite money , right ? 
  well ... we seem to : people keep wanting it , no matter how much we print . 
  i do n't think the surplus is a problem regardless of what capacity we have to print dollars with consequences , but trump apaparently does , and i simply do n't think that a smaller economy exporting so much more to us than we do to it is in any position to win or even sustain a trade war with us . 
  think of it as a way to make fun of the idea that it 's an issue . 
  you must admit that britain covers a pretty significant chunk of the area . 
  it makes sense to cal it the british isles-certainly more sense than referring everything over here collectively as the americas . 
  what would you prefer to call it ? 
  i mean , how would you sanitize the fact that britain covers most it ? 
  pretty words hiding a simple truth : you 're public health pretext is just that . 
  gmo says it all, 
  i do n't know the solution , but pretending like the problem is n't still a problem just because diplomatic language was poorly-worded does n't strike me as a productive approach . 
  yea , missiles capable of carrying nukes sound like part of a defense force to me, 
  why would you assume that ? 
  companies dumping sub-par products are n't going to dump them in the eu . 
  that 's another weak pretext for sheltering an uncompetitive industry , if that 's a given reason . 
  there is no american equivalent to someone talking nukes spreading freely just for the sake of `` fairness . '', 
  i suggest you read the other poster 's comments , and you will understand why your responses are off-base in the context of this discussion . 
  i do n't disagree that a change in approach to iran is needed , but not on the nuclear front . 
  i 'd want the same response for the saudis if they did the same thing . 
  i do n't think dual-use ballistic missiles really qualify as weapons needed to defend themselves . 
  no one 's pushing to stop them from buying s-400 's and the like for a reason-those are not a concern in the same way . 
  an arms race in the region is also undesirable , but not worth risking a nuclear deal over . 
  no one said the new sanctions were wise . 
  but acting as if a nuclear iran will not to bigger problems is insanity, 
  does n't seem far-fetched to me . 
  your are not our creditor-we are our own creditor . 
  you 're deluding yourself if you think that matters . 
  and i do n't believe just because we buy tens of billions more stuff from germany than vise versa , although that is pretty solid support for the point . 
  i say it because you depend on foreign trade to a degree that we do n't , and because we can substitute imports much more quickly and easily than you can find tens of billions in new places to export the same amount of goods to . 
  most of the world does not have a policy on it-trans people could theoretically join in much of it . 
  only in theory , though , which is why the graph does n't say much . 
   europe has never decided unitarily about sanctions which mainly hit the us and of course the proud us would never accept such a thing . 
  these sanctions do n't mainly hit europe-they mainly hit russia . 
  that 's how sanctions work . 
  german zeal to do business with them is incidental damage to the main goal . 
  that 's triple what i assumed we even had in the country . 
  i can only assume many were involved with implementing start treaties and similar initiatives , and that cnbc is being lazy in describing those booted out . 
   you have to understand that it is the us government which is further pushing germany into being in direct opposition to us policy . 
  nobody put a gun to their head and made them do this . 
  i 'm sure they do n't want to be in this position , but neither do we . 
  if they are really so eager to put a quick buck over all else , then there is no reason to worry about any such separation-because unity was an illusion . 
   props to russia though , the rift between us and germany is something they 've wanted for decades . 
  we put the gun to our own heads when we forced the other allied powers ( russia included ) to agree to german reunification . 
  history is an oscillating cycle of germans and russians teaming up or opposing each other , and causing problems for everyone else around them . 
  there was never any reason to think things would be different just because the cold war ended . 
   if a single one is russian , there is a decent chance he is laundering money . 
  there 's a decent chance he 's laundering money regardless of whether any of them trace back to russians . 
   if this keeps going like this you might end up looking like turkey or venezuela . 
  i 'm going to suggest , respectfully , that you do n't shit about venezuela if you really think that . 
  lack of democracy , frankly , is way down the list of problems those fools have,
