  just because a place is n't a giant catastrophe like syria does n't mean it 's stable and peaceful, 
   i moved to a mid-sized city ( 100 000 inhabitants ) in 2011 and since 2016 i see more and more groups of african men hanging around near the train station and in parks this was pretty much the story of everywhere i went in europe except for the netherlands and denmark . 
  they 'll try and sell you drugs in many cases, 
  ... all of these countries are a mess right now , what are you talking about ? 
  eritrea has literally been the biggest source of migrants to europe for the past few years . 
  venezuela is on the verge of collapse due to nothing that the u.s. has done . 
  sudan , while no longer in the news , is still a genocial madhouse in darfur . 
  myanmar has been a free-for-all between the government , rebels , and drug runners for decades . . you really do n't seem to have a great grasp of history , or the present . 
   none of those countries are destabilised except ukraine and us promised that they 'll be defended if they gave up their stockpile of nukes . 
  no , we did not . 
  you appear able to read english , so read the very brief agreement here and see if you still believe that : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_weapons_and_ukraine#budapest_memorandum ukraine gave up nukes that it could n't actually use in exchange for a painless independence process . 
  that 's it . 
   in modern history is more adequate . 
   i dare you to find a destabilised country that us had nothing to do with . 
  mali , nigeria , sudan , ukraine , eritrea , myanmar , venezuela-there 's a world full of them , really . 
  not our fault that so much of the world is shitty . 
  you are easily the angriest german since hitler . 
  and i wo n't lie : i love it, 
  i heard that they hate each other but not much else, 
  the joke implies that he fought in the first place-i do n't think it contemplates someone actually fighting the germans . 
  people were quite salty that the vichy forces fought so hard , while the french seemed to roll over for the germans . 
  and then de gaulle just made it worse ... france was basically viewed as haven of secret nazi sympathizers because of those two things, 
  you probably just heard about it more after 2003 . 
  that 's been a trope for a long time , well before iraq . 
  people do n't even remember who went and who did n't anymore , beyond a few specific contributors like the uk , australia , canada , and other usual suspects along those lines . 
  it 's all about the lies prior to war now , if it 's mentioned at all . 
  amazing how it left the collective consciousness in so short a time , really, 
   quit the `` hurr durr pushing an agenda '' . 
  c'mon , do n't you know that ireland is at the very heart of the migrant issue , and has all sorts of agendas related to it that need pushing ? 
  it makes complete sense , if you do n't think about it, 
   whenever there 's a destabilising country , you know america had something to do with it there 's great humor in hearing that from someone supposedly from somalia , i 'll be honest . 
   just learning about what the government did domestically is already shocking . 
  i say again : you need to brush up on your history if so . 
  history is full of awfulness , and out tiny little 250 or so years of existence pales in comparison most of it, 
  unrelated and false ramble ? 
  it 's a fact . 
  i just think you germans need some perspective to go along with your criticism . 
  collaborators like you have no ground to stand on with respect to this sort of criticism . 
   i 'd love for the government to kick your soldiers out . 
  it 's not like we benefit from warmongers like you . 
  we 're waiting . 
  all of you claim this , but none of you suggest it . 
  you 're lying about the former , or the latter , but something stops you from doing so . 
  iraq did it for a time , france did it , and the philippines did it . 
  what 's stopping you ? 
   at the same time you are probably too young to remember how people here demonstrated against your illegal invasion of iraq . 
  we remember . 
  and what did you do during the invasion ? 
  the same thing you 're doing now : being the main logistical hub that made it possible . 
  which is why criticism from germans is such a joke to me . 
  sweden ... sweden can criticize because it 's literally a non-actor in the whole drama . 
  so is greece , and for example portugal . 
  germany ? 
  hardly . 
  germany claiming outrage and innocence is like america claiming the same over what saudi arabia is doing in yemen , whether you wish to admit it or not . 
   do you have evidence of interference ? 
  you use the word fact but fail to show any proof . 
  i 'm beginning to believe that you are russian shill . 
  there is no reason for anyone no on the take to deny that the interference occurred-no one , not even fox news , denies that . 
  you 're capable of using a computer , and can look up anything you want on this point-i suggest you do so . 
  whatever proof you want , however technically you want-it 's all been reported on by any news organization you can name , left and right . 
  google is magical . 
  you will no doubt reject it , however , as that is what trumpet-defense-mode forces you to do . 
   the cia 's ( its hilarious that you trust any organization of that nature ) word isnt evidence . 
  bullshit like this is why the world despises you sorry fucks so much . 
  what , you think the cia is bastion of liberalism out to get little donny ? 
  why would n't you trust the pre-eminent american counterintelligence agency on something like this ? 
  why would they lie ? 
  what possible gain is there to the agency ? 
   you seem to have a lot of faith in agencies that have led the us into wars based on lies , counter-productive drug wars , and illegal regime change around the globe . 
  forgive me if i 'm a bit suspicious of them . 
  drinking the right-wing kool-aid . 
  the cia ( and others ) called bullshit on the nie 's claims about wmd 's in iraq and an active program there . 
  read for yourself-the whole thing is contained within : http://www.businessinsider.com/heres-the-full-version-of-the-cias-2002-intelligence-assessment-on-wmd-in-iraq-2015-3 drug wars are hardly the cia 's brainchildren , either-that was moron reagan 's idea . 
  you really think the cia pushed for the `` war on drugs '' ? 
  i mean ... seriously ? 
  that 's not getting into the obvious question of why the nsa and dia would also want to team up and bring little donny down . 
  you 're simply constructing conspiracy theories designed to pre-emptively protect trump from any and all criticism . 
  there is simply no reason not to trust their evidence beyond the right-wing desire not to . 
   `` facts '' `` logical link '' `` factual conclusion '' - please provide proof . 
  like a baby bird-your ignorance is by choice on this topic . 
  seriously , i am ready for a civil war against right-wing scum that are happy to align with foreign powers and destroy institutions in order to justify the false reality that they inhabit . 
  they made me their enemy ; may as well join the battle . 
  fortunately , opioids and meth seem to be doing the job for me . 
   do you have evidence of interference ? 
  you use the word fact but fail to show any proof . 
  i 'm beginning to believe that you are russian shill . 
  there is no reason for anyone no on the take to deny that the interference occurred-no one , not even fox news , denies that . 
  you 're capable of using a computer , and can look up anything you want on this point-i suggest you do so . 
  whatever proof you want , however technically you want-it 's all been reported on by any news organization you can name , left and right . 
  google is magical . 
  you will no doubt reject it , however , as that is what trumpet-defense-mode forces you to do . 
   the cia 's ( its hilarious that you trust any organization of that nature ) word isnt evidence . 
  bullshit like this is why the world despises you sorry fucks so much . 
  what , you think the cia is bastion of liberalism out to get little donny ? 
  why would n't you trust the pre-eminent american counterintelligence agency on something like this ? 
  why would they lie ? 
  what possible gain is there to the agency ? 
   you seem to have a lot of faith in agencies that have led the us into wars based on lies , counter-productive drug wars , and illegal regime change around the globe . 
  forgive me if i 'm a bit suspicious of them .
