  that 's painting a rosy picture . 
  seems like many would prefer local solutions to these `` problems '' - which is what 3 seas and nord stream ii are . 
  i just do n't see people outside a few bastions in the west wanting more eu say over things, 
  who cares ? 
  that 's the deal they asked for , and they are breaking it constantly . 
  they either hold in their end , or we very , very belatedly cut them loose and turn up the heat until their more egregious actions stop, 
  ... no , just no . 
  isis has zero to do with why the war in syria started or continues . 
  realpolitik does n't always work period . 
  it 's not hard to envision a public demanding retribution based on reporting back home and stories circulating from the front . 
  singular . 
  its , or i guess her would work too, 
  ... let ? 
  it 's not a matter of let or not let . 
  that provides the illusion of control over the issue in that situation . 
  if the us or germans had gotten mad enough about the attacks , switzerland would have paid a high price , and we 'd be laughing at how stupid the idea of pissing them both off was . 
  find someone who served in afghanistan and dealt with the afghans . 
  then , find someone who served in iraq , and dealt with the iraqis . 
  ( hard for most of europe , i know ) . 
  ask both what they their experiences were . 
  do n't be surprised if the person who was in iraq says something like `` most iraqis are decent people stuck in a bad situation and led by the worst people imaginable . '', 
  sympathy , mostly . 
  and do n't be surprised if the one who was in afghanistan goes on a long litany about how backward and fucked-up afghans are , what a shithole the place is , and how much they despised both . 
  stories about women just left in holes where they were stoned ( always for some bullshit reason ) ; murdered because they were a rape victim ; or , my personal favorite , the despicable bacha bazi practice prevalent even among the fucking ana . 
  seriously-just find someone who 's been there , and talk to them . 
  if you walk away from that thinking you want anything to do with afghans , i 'll say that you need your fucking head examined . 
  i can just see parallels between all the things i 've heard about the place and the people , and tidbits in this article . 
   in light of the brexit negotiations , the european union is enjoying a record high in popularity among its citizens . 
  everyone likes the common market and free movement . 
  that does not mean that people do n't see the problems , and are not happy with the way that those are handled . 
  there are some pretty obvious tension sources right now : migrants , nord stream ii , three seas , greece bailout . 
  and that 's not getting into some of the crazier challenges coming from the east , like poland and hungary . 
   the feds took on alabama , and even alabama was never quite as lawless . 
   p.s. 
  i have no idea what you are referencing with regards to alabama . 
  honestly , i 'm not totally sure what that person was referencing either . 
  i assume he 's talking an incident where the john f. kennedy federalized the alabama national guard and forced alabama 's governor to let black students enter the university of alabama . 
  the alabama governor literally stood in the way blocking a couple black students , and soldiers were there to make sure they got in . 
   those whose interests align almost perfectly ? 
  i think the us and israel might be called natural allies . 
  lol . 
  israel , a crackpot nothing of a nation , has wagged the dog far too long . 
  natural allies ? 
  israel needs to be a de facto vassal , stop it 's bad behavior re : settlements , or stands on its own and become the next international pariah . 
  natural ally-what a joke . 
  canada and the uk are american allies . 
  japan is a natural ally . 
  israel is a parasite that hides behind american power to push an agenda harmful to american interests , and it needs to be put in it 's place in a big way . 
   iraq comes to mind , germany and france were against the intervention . 
  yea-because it was stupid as fuck , and not in anyone but iran 's interest . 
  and they were right . 
  we 'd be better off if bush had listened to them . 
  just saying that emerging competition is bad for the monopolist . 
  despite the optimism on this thread , the eu is not competition for the u.s. in the sense of accumulating and wielding power abroad . 
  many are convinced otherwise , but their paranoia is the strongest evidence that it 's false . 
  no one in america is worried about europe challenging the u.s. off as the top global power , i assure you , but there is apparently great fear that the u.s. will bring europe down a peg . 
  the truth is that the u.s. has more important things to worry about . 
  more like foolishness . 
  that could have backfired in a big way for switzerland, 
  as of now , we have straight-up net neutrality . 
  no holes , no nonsense . 
  it will be probably stay that way , too , thanks to the courts, 
   but it is showing it 's importance in the wake of brexit , and the instability inherent in the white house . 
  is it ? 
  looks more like the strains and divisions are showing it 's limitations . 
  paying high prices for tiny stuff is part of the experience in some places . 
   there are other airports besides newark . 
  yea , look up how much it costs to fly from , say , texas or tennessee to anywhere in europe and them come talk to me about how all you need is time, 
   you took part in the iraq invasion that in turn led to the whole middle east and isis clusterfuck and syrian war . 
  til that iraq turned into the syrian civil war . 
  reddit logic right there . 
   you sow what you reap . 
  you reap what you sow , not you sow what you reap . 
   that the us wants to fuck his  his sounds weird to refer to a nation as a he in english, 
   microsoft bundling ie with windows that 's edge to you . 
  ie went the way of the dodo . 
  something about everyone mocking and despising the brand . 
  you 're kicked out of the club automatically for making a shia lebouf reference . 
  russia does not have a fifth gen fighter in production yet . 
  unless you think their old planes are better than our current ones ... no . 
  they are working on one with india , but it is not flying yet . 
  also , i encourage you to actually look up what the f-22 is capable of , before making silly claims like that . 
  the f-35 will be the best multi-role fighter , but the f-22 is literally the best air-superiority fighter ever built, 
  you divide yourselves . 
  hatred of trump is the uniting force really ; you should thank him, 
  why would anyone hate 3 seas ? 
  i 'd never heard of it before stories about german worries popped up . 
  i bet 99 % of america has never heard of it . 
  seems a weird thing to worry about, 
  they are toying around with it . 
  if the goal was to make it autonomous , it would n't be built to accomodate a pilot and keep one alive . 
  waste of money, 
  you 've got very wrong ideas about what predators can do , if you think they are actually capable of securing air superiority/supremacy . 
  drones can not fill those roles effectively as of yet, 
   given that europe will probably not even buy a large number of jets the cost per jet will be extremely high . 
  so the question is does it make sense to do so from an economic perspective . 
  i dont really see how it would currently . 
  problems they will discover in time , if the project ever gets off the ground . 
   who do you think has more know how when it comes to fighter jets and military airplanes ? 
  the us or the eu ?
