  just because the people in atlanta or denver read the nyt/wp does n't mean that the nyt/wp reflect their view on the election better than their regional paper does . 
  it simply was not that important to most americans outside of `` will the brexit/trump wave continue ? '', 
  context . 
  nyt/wp are great papers , but they hardly reflect the majority view on the french elections . 
  now , the new york post ? 
  that 's a tabloid . 
  idk why it 's listed here, 
   and that is also how poor people justify voting for lowering the taxes and more benefit for rich people . 
  because when ( not if ) i will become rich i want to have the same benefits they have right now . 
  i hear non-americans touting this all the time , but it 's really not true . 
  republicans convince poor people to vote against their own interests by generating resentment between those poor enough to receive help from the government , and those who just barely miss the cut but are still working several jobs just to survive . 
  government aid is strict about cut-offs here : make too much , own too much , whatever , and you receive little ( if any ) . 
  it 's easy to breed resentment between those below the line , and the many , many people just above it . 
  i assure you that the working poor do not think of themselves as future billionaires . 
   homeless people in us are overwhelmingly in their said situation due to substance abuse or mental illness due to a mass closure of mental institutes during left wing jimmy carter . 
  whoa , now-that was ronald reagan 's baby , not carter . 
  it 's true , though-they 're mostly people who ca n't function on their own and who have been left to rot . 
   also , doctors are n't allowed by law to refuse you healthcare just because you 're not able to pay . 
  doctors ? 
  no , just emergency rooms . 
  emtala and a few others are what you 're referring to . 
  everyone else can turn you away without sanction, 
   the american system seems to operate on charity and personal donations for things which most europeans see as a human right . 
  mostly , it operates ( to the extent that you can call it an actual system ) because the federal government requires emergency rooms to provide a certain level and certain types of care to anyone-can ' t turn people away . 
  it 's an unfunded mandate , and it is brutal on hospitals that deal with brunt of these patients . 
  not sure that qualifies as charity, 
   as much as i wan na make this a contest to prove my point . 
  it 's not worth it . 
  between being somewhat of a prick and not really understanding what 's been written so far , it would be hard for you regardless . 
   oh europe knows it . 
  we hosted 5k nazis this year . 
  was all over this sub . 
  did you not know ? 
  ahh . 
  american world knowledge . 
  so superior . 
  much best . 
  world knowledge / = / what a few people in switzerland are doing . 
  frankly , very little that switzerland does will ever be important enough to register as world news . 
  i did n't make things that way , but things are what they are . 
  just would n't have pegged it as a place with a lot of far-right leanings , as there 's no obvious reason for it . 
   as opposed to what ? 
  the ones tied to italy , ireland and germany ? 
  ok it is a generation or two removed . 
  but do n't play it as uncommon . 
  it 's not-it 's just uncommon with respect to people who immigrated from europe . 
  been a while since europe was the main source of immigrants . 
  plenty of people from latin america , africa , and asia who maintain close ties to family overseas , but many fewer from europe . 
   and if you say the south is worse ? 
  worse than what ? 
  my point is that a hard-core conservative family in connecticut that still has with their family in europe is itself an anomaly , and so is their aversion to differing opinions . 
   and if you say the south is worse ? 
  proving my point . 
  though i will not believe it until i see it . 
  i live in georgia . 
  it 's worse , but imo the worst places are the hinterlands of middle america and florida . 
  you 'd think they personally fought for the confederacy if you drove through and saw all the confederate flags . 
  ohio 's a great example  you said syrians were terrorists too . 
  turns out most had blue collar jobs . 
  what are you talking about, 
  in fairness , they also have a sense of [ humor ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/69tcgc/draw_me_like_one_of_your_french_girls/ ) : there 's also a crazy number of people supposedly from other countries who post there, 
   and i 'm not talking `` a lot '' . 
  i 'm talking everywhere . 
  for example , this stat says that 43.55 % of reddit 's desktop traffic is from usa . 
  find a sub that is n't in english , and you can instantly avoid almost all of it, 
   did you miss me growing up in switzerland ? 
  i 've listened to nsbm since i was 17 and had openly fascist friends . 
  i 'm no stranger to the far right . 
  what are you trying to point out ? 
  it 's not exactly common knowledge that switzerland 's far-right is prominent and public . 
   back home i just got ta raise my voice and i will be hated , no debate . 
  i am a dirty commie from europe . 
  trust me . 
  i know my family and we are no exception in the us . 
  they really are . 
  just think about what you already said : hard-core conservatives in a place like connecticut , let lone some that have ties to their family in switzerland ? 
  that 's not a common combination, 
  it is . 
  they eat up any fake crap that various fake news sources put out , but they are mostly just a sincere group of idiots . 
  ... yes , which is my whole point : that google is an exceptionally bad example for someone claiming that the eu is immune to nefarious lobbying . 
  i live here . 
  i promise you , it wo n't . 
  redneck northerners and westerners from states that were n't even part of the civil war , or had nothing to do with the confederacy , flying the confederate flag ? 
  i 'd keep an eye on them . 
  it 's weird , but it 's surprisingly common, 
  acting like the failure of a few large american ( emphasis on that point ) companies to get what they want in brussels = there is no corruption or self-interested lobbying in brussels is a little silly , and on some level you must know that, 
  idk , people wailing about dangerous zones in europe are really focused on those taking in refugees in greater numbers . 
  sweden and germany being their favorites . 
  france was the favorite a few years back though . 
  any brigading of a thread like this one is probably due to people in this category , for sure . 
   many , like me , speak french and have lived in france and have french friends . 
  you and i both know that very few americans have actually visited france or one of it 's territories , let alone speak french . 
  i 'd wager most who speak it are either louisianians with no connection to france at all , or immigrants from francophone countries . 
   millions more are well-educated and care about international relations and business - not only american positions directly , but about the world as a whole . 
  many millions more simply do n't , or do n't know enough to have a strong opinion . 
  i 'd be very surprised if americans were bombarding a post about the french election . 
  there 's awareness that it 's happening , but it 's not seen as a pivotal event as it seems to be seen elsewhere, 
   being the largest economy and all . 
  3rd is pretty pathetic . 
  well ... that was before the euro took a nosedive in value .
