  no , not even extreme left parties advocate it . 
  the `` free flow '' is a complete fiction created by the right-wing to try and paint the left as not supporting reasonable restrictions on immigration . 
  they 're literally killing thousands upon thousands of muslims around the world . 
  muslims are _ by far _ the majority of the victims of isis . 
  it 's very safe to say that they would attack an eid festival if the opportunity sprung up . 
   some people might consider presenting the mere idea that immigration could be considered a problem as a result of these events to be `` gross '' almost no-one thinks this . 
  pretty much _ everyone _ is for reasonable restrictions on immigration . 
  yes , even far far left parties . 
  what _ is _ gross though is that people let themselves be manipulated into attacking refugees and refusing to help them , forgetting that the refugees are victims _ of the exact same kind of people _ that did this terror attack . 
  what is gross is that people are calling other human beings who happen to be muslim barbaric and subhuman . 
  what is gross is that ( for some people ) the suffering of thousands of people in the me , both in syria and in refugee camps ( both in and outside europe ) is invalidated by the actions of one asshole . 
   so every white person is responsible for actions of us , even those not on same continent ? 
  very ironic that you say this , and in the very same post are generalizing minorities as `` amounting to big trouble '' . 
  by your own logic , yes , all white people are responsible for the actions of the us , just as all `` minorities '' are apparently responsible for the `` trouble '' . 
  the rational thing is indeed not falling into the trap of persecuting muslims . 
  not sure why you 're being sarcastic ? 
  it 's an objective fact that retaliation by europe and attacking all muslims for this kind of things helps isis radicalize even more people . 
  they do good things to show off ? 
  omg they should n't do those good things !, 
  wtf , you should only do good things and be quiet about it . 
  `` virtue signaling '' is such an inane term . 
  it 's literally just saying `` yeah you support those moral values because you want to signal that you 're a good moral person '' . 
  yeah , no shit . 
  people with morals show them , yeah . 
  it 's literally just used by right-wing people to somehow make something objectively good ( being a moral person and showing it ) into something bad . 
  eastern european countries certainly do n't share all broad cultural and religious perceptions with western europe . 
  for example , someone who is dutch can say they do n't want any people from the backwards cultures in eastern europe that do n't allow gay marriage . 
  they can say they do n't want any backwards poles since poland is very strict on abortion . 
  i 'm not saying they should , because it 's horrible to call other people backwards and barbaric and use it as an argument to deny empathy . 
  it 's just as horrible to call refugees from the me backwards/barbaric . 
  they are dutch . 
  they 're also from moroccan descent . 
  people can have multidimensional identities . 
  wealth redistribution promotes meritocracy . 
  it prevents wealth concentration and gives everyone a chance to earn their keep . 
  it 's not a coincidence that countries with stronger social safety nets and better wealth equality generally have higher social mobility . 
  the us is an example of a country with little wealth redistribution and little meritocracy : the poor get stuck in poverty loops because they do n't have money . 
  the rich get richer because they have money providing them opportunities , not because of merit . 
  wealth redistrubition does n't reward laziness or punish productivity , it gives people a leg up to reach their maximum potemtial and prevents unfair competition . 
   i do n't see how that 's relevant . 
  are we supposed to let these people come to our country and do whatever they want out of some misguided colonial guilt ? 
  you literally conquered their lands and called it `` your country '' . 
  you 're not `` letting them into your country '' . 
  you forcefully put them inside your country , and now they 're just as french as anyone born on mainland france . 
   misguided colonial guilt colonial guilt is anything but misguided . 
  it 's one of the most impactful things that happened to the world for centuries , and has helped european countries tremendously . 
  it is misguided to now refuse to deal with the consequences . 
   no , this is in direct contradiction to democracy . 
  no it 's not . 
  note the qualifier `` simple majority '' . 
  this is crucial . 
  democracy is _ not _ equal to rule of the majority in everything . 
  that is called `` tyranny of the majority '' , and in many ways brexit is an example of that . 
  50.1 % of the voters should not be able to do everything they want to the other 49.9 % . 
  of course this is a little bit of an exaggeration , but the brexit vote was really close . 
  a small majority of people voted to essentially screw over a _ lot _ of other voters . 
   charlie sheen being a ladykiller in two and a half men is n't a character saying `` look at me i 'm hetero '' , it 's just a character being promiscuous and happens to be heterosexual because that 's the normal thing . 
  a. heterosexual is not the `` normal '' thing , it 's the most common thing . 
  do n't confuse the two . 
  b. i pointed out that there are virtually no gay `` guykiller '' personages on tv . 
  given that about 10 % of the population is gay , you would expect those . 
  yet you _ only _ see guys like sharlie sheen shoving their heterosexuality in your face on tv . 
  you seem to be missing the point too that i did n't say that such series are a bad thing or that they should n't exist , i just pointed out the hypocrisy of people complaining about gay people being too open/obnoxious on pride day . 
  heterosexuality is shoved down our throats 24/7 because it is more common than homosexuality . 
  why is one day of homosexuality being the focus then a bad thing ? 
   obviously most of them will be hetero but does n't mean those are `` hetero feasts '' , it 's simply things hetero people do . 
  no , the use of `` gay '' as an insult is definitely a hetero feast . 
  catcalling is a hetero feast . 
  these are all things people ( mostly men ) do to _ explicitly , publicly and loudly _ confirm their heterosexuality . 
  it is equivalent to gay people loudly proclaiming their gayness during a pride . 
   this tweet is fully self-contained and contains all the necessary context actually it does n't because he was commenting on the idea that racism is only for a certain class of whites . 
  then he pointed out that everyone who is white _ can _ be racist , and that you do n't have to be a skinhead to be racist . 
  or that you ca n't be racist if you 're gay . 
  the first sentence might be badly phrased , but i can definitely see where he 's coming from , especially after reading the article . 
  extremist students have existed for literally the entire existence of universities . 
  they never `` poisoned '' anything . 
  they 're so few in number that is absolutely laughable to suggest that they can `` poison '' any source . 
  this is again fear-mongering from pear-clutching right-wingers trying to paint a few extreme students as some kind of huge threat to universitites . 
  they 're not , have never been and will never be . 
  the first examples of harassment are obviously not okay for gay people to do either . 
  they were to illustrate that people _ are _ constantly shoving their heterosexuality in people 's faces . 
  then i went on to the shows and specifically said that i do n't really mind it , because sex sells . 
  i 'd say give gay people a day to be very open about their sexuality . 
  they 're not harassing anyone , and if heterosexual people get to constantly confirm their heterosexuality , why ca n't gay people do that for a day ? 
   be obnoxious about their homosexuality , like dancing in bondage uniforms on parades why is this even considered obnoxious ? 
  is the carnival in rio obnoxious to you ? 
  is mardi gras ? 
  as far as i can see , those feature parades , often with scantily clad women , too . 
  i think it 's is perfectly okay for gay people to also have a festival , yes . 
  they 're not behaving like perverts , they 're not acting obnoxious . 
  the only people who think this is `` annoying '' are people who have a problem with homosexuality to begin with ( although they might be in denial ) . 
  for people secure in their sexuality , the pride is just a fun festival , which is also how the dutch people treat it : like a nice day out . 
  literally every photo of every woman ever on the internet has at least a couple of people commenting some variation of `` muh dick gets hard from this '' . 
  pretty much every woman who does n't stay inside 24/7 has encountered men giving an unsollicited comment in the same vein . 
  in nightclubs , it 's pretty much par for the course that women will have to get away from random dudes grinding on you without asking . 
  a party without women is literally called a sausagefest because `` reee no chicks to get muh dick hard '' . 
  the mere suggestion that someone is not heterosexual ( i.e. 
  gay ) is mortally offensive to huge swathes of guys . 
  i mean , it 's not hard to see around you . 
  heterosexuality is shoved into everyone 's faces 24/7 .
