scotland . 
  just tell them that they ca n't partake in the eurovision . 
  japan and korea are great places . 
  the people are very polite . 
  china was different , they kept taking photos of me because i am so tall . 
  what about `` swedes '' like ibrahimovic ? 
   europeans will gun you what ? 
  just do n't . 
  i 've never met a walloon before but they have good footballers . 
  oh come on . 
  ca n't we just ban them from eurovision and be done with it . 
  polish people are great to watch football with . 
  i watched poland - germany with some polish friends and they went absolutely insane . 
  flemish people are so nice !, 
  they are also very good at cooking . 
  sint maarten is such a nice island , altough i 've only been to the dutch side of it . 
  are you sure you love the netherlands ? 
  we can be very rude . 
  rescue mission ? 
  you love germany ? 
  are you really polish ? 
  thank you . 
  looks pretty cool.thanks, 
  sounds like frisian . 
  this comment is hilarious . 
  has the goverment given a response ? 
  1940 and 1974 . 
  i disapprove of the way european leaders are dealing with it , sweden and germany being the biggest example . 
  the migration will also cause multiple far right parties to become the largest in european countries . 
  uk , norway , denmark and switzerland . 
  it says : no , do n't click this . 
  if you do n't agree with our cookie-policy , then close this tab and never come back . 
  i think it has something to do with oman being ibadi ? 
  i read a thread on this sub a while ago with people saying that ibadism is so much better than other forms of islam , though i 'm not sure why . 
  pvv wil win the next dutch elections if this keeps happening . 
  pvv is anti-immigrant and anti-eu , for those who do n't know . 
  besides the obvious 80 ' years war and the voc : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-dutch_war, 
  what a cool language . 
  germany , unfortunately . . 
  romania is great !, 
  upvoting everyone in this thread !, 
  edit : 184 comments huh ? 
  i 'll come back later . 
  e : ok 763 comments now , i 'm done upvoting . 
  done . 
  are you a bot ? 
  restore the hre . 
  edit : http://youtu.be/qe57zsos1am, 
  hello are you british ? 
  your peas are shit . 
  do you dislike catholics or something ? 
  true enough , but it 's more about being able to compete with france and spain etc. 
  than just having land . 
  especially considering the size of the netherlands . 
  i think that everyone from a former colonial empire is proud of their country . 
  `` look at all the land we had ! '', 
  poldered . 
  http://europeisnotdead.com/disco/expressions-of-europe/european-jokes/ - where i found this . 
  germany, 
  get rekt germany . 
  it 's time . 
  and yet willem-alexander , our king , is the viscount of antwerp . 
  it 's a ceremonial title , but still a bit strange . 
  the mines !, 
  croatia is rightfully brabander . 
  $ 100.000 is called a ton . 
  200k is called 2 ton and so on . 
  limburgs sounds good to me . 
  i 'm from west-overijssel and the people here pronounce the g like they 're speaking arabic . . 
  to paris !, 
  and me !, 
  credit to / u/countlippe for posting this to / r/worldnews . 
  fine . 
  first in something !, 
  are there frisian speaking people in east frisia ? 
  i know that there are some in holstein or schleswig . 
  well . . 
  happy portugal day / u/herbacio, 
  germany ? 
  true . 
  / s the french too , maybe . 
  aha you 're quite right . 
  it is very anoying watching as an nl fan when they make so difficult for themselves to score . . 
  netherlands were leading 3-1 but then in the last 20 minutes the us scored 3 times and beat the nl by 3-4 :(, 
  you mean ned - usa ? 
  mostly football and the weather for the netherlands . 
  i 'm not from holland ( the province ) and my friends and i usually say * nederland * . 
  news outlets and dutch officials also say nederland . 
  only time i hear holland to refer to the whole country is in sporting events . 
  ( i ca n't speak for people who actually live in the 2 holland provinces ), 
  and married to hollande . 
  if australia wins , they can compete again next year . 
  if australia does n't win , they 're out . 
  forever *, 
  voting for them , just so that they can partake again next year !, 
  maginot line 2.0 , this time with lasers !, 
  monaco ? 
  belgian revolution began in 1830 but the treaty recognising it as a country was signed on 1839 . 
  person : willem i , king of the netherlands what would i do : not lose belgium . 
  1648 : sweet , sweet freedome !,
