  ( perhaps 1568 , when the eigthy years war started ) worst year = 1672 , year of disaster or 1839 , loss of the southern netherlands . 
  edit : maybe 1602 , when the voc was founded . 
  not fitting , but i 'll just leave this here . 
  - http://youtu.be/jxvcgdmbu94, 
  walloon as well . 
  is walloon very different from ` regular ' french ? 
  like flemish is from dutch ? 
  around 60 demonstrators . 
  of europe or of the eu ? 
  because that 's a big difference . 
  what would be our capital ? 
  spanish i guess . 
  but my spanish is muy mallo . 
  german sounds like sober dutch . 
  now is not the time !, 
  flanders should be dutch . 
  glorious europe , bastion of western civilization and values . 
  haha . 
  for shared language and history . 
  and to beat germany in football, 
  i understand , but it still seems to me that this violates belgian law . 
  but king willem-alexander is civil count of antwerp . 
  because jesus . 
  iedereen in de patriootboot !, 
  is there a problem with australians ? 
  dutch english german want to learn : french spanish italian, 
  this is a very serious matter . 
  come on , i 'm still mad about the 2010 world cup . 
  let me have this one . 
  fair enough . 
  i think they would prefer to stay belgian :( . 
  the thing i want to know is if they would want to become independent . 
  just assume it 's always the whole of the nl unless stated otherwise . 
  independencia !, 
  1648 best year of my life !, 
  sense of humor to me is kinda like a job for a spanish person . 
  we do n't have one . 
  turkey will prob never get membership . 
  weed, 
  `` want to party like it 's 1093 ? 
  then join isis ! '', 
  agreed . 
  clearly an aggression to russia , poland is using this as wizards training camps to fight against russia 's orthodox priests . 
  pretty good . 
  so ... war ? 
  do you want your payment to be in cheese or tulips ? 
  pickled herring, 
  yes . 
  byzantium final frontier against truk invaders, 
  almost . 
  it 's king willem-alexander, 
  yes . 
  benelux army ? 
  we did our part for the last 2000 years . 
  now we 're just going to sit back . 
  it 's better then the migration threads . 
  ah good , was n't sure . 
  happy independence day !, 
  please do n't start this discussion . . 
  this map shows the distribution of catholics and protestants : http://i.imgur.com/094z3m3.jpg, 
  joke of a politician . 
  nice people , nice country . 
  the island is danish though . 
  it feels very forced whenever the king gives a speech . 
  the pm is also not the greatest . 
  cool !, 
  but you forgot the most important one . 
  benelux * santa is from spain :d, 
  and grab holstein while you 're at it . 
  nightmare fuel . 
  it 's 2015 !, 
  imperialism !, 
  france, 
  https://media2.giphy.com/media/oidpwoqpgenw4/giphy.gif but seriously this is bad . 
  if the uk leaves then more wil follow . 
  netherlands fav : belgium least : germany, 
  my guess : not a lot of ports that wo n't freeze during winter ? 
  you want us to polder the atlantic ? 
  why do coastal towns suffer more from inequality than other towns do ? 
  remember that half of the voters voted remain . 
  but are you good at quidditch ? 
  very impressive !, 
  why is there a random lake in romania ? 
  bye bye turkey , welcome back ottoman empire !, 
  the man is a footballer . 
  hopefully britain will be back in a couple of decades . 
  good !, 
  will spain veto their eu membership ? 
  i do n't know why this is so funny . 
  perfect . 
  i 'm rooting for england . 
  `` norway will build a great wall , and they 're gon na make sweden pay for it ! '', 
  i got my data from wikipedia , so it could be a bit dated . 
  scotland . 
  both frugal . 
  37 \u00b0 c ( 98.6 \u00b0 f ), 
   the ambassador joked that it must have been harrowing to the scillians `` to know we could have attacked at any moment . '', 
  you 're right . 
  i should say non-catalan spanish . 
  what do spanish ( castilian ) people think of catalan independance ?
