  i 'd like to see it completely collapse , i see only destruction and violence as it further expands and attempts to further integrate formerly independent nations . 
  the uk will never join . 
  self-rule and independence is a matter that trumps all other issues . 
  is this really a surprise to anyone ? 
  we all knew it , we just pretended that it was n't a problem . 
  i have a proposal , let us bury our heads in the sand for another year and hope it gets better , okay ? 
  of course , any real actions or solutions will be racist and bigoted , so let 's pretend that nothing is wrong . 
  also , just a daily reminder that wanting to limit the number of these immigrants is racist and fascist . 
   those whom the gods wish to destroy they first make mad, 
  there are bigger fish to worry about than putin when talking about integrating formerly independent nation states . 
  russia has nukes and a relatively strong military . 
  ukraine does n't . 
  i was going to mention the germans going through belgium and the bef and french armies getting split up in that way , but instead i chose ` going around the maginot line ' . 
  the british people were dragged into it . 
  heath knew what he was signing up for , but he told the british people that sovereignty would never be lost or handed over to the eu . 
  he lied . 
  the british people were sold an economic union , but ended up in a political union . 
  the fact that a foreign court can overrule british law is utterly disgraceful . 
  it is just as well that the tories have the seats they need to remove this stain on our nation . 
  eu law should have absolutely no say over the british courts , the fact that we even allowed the eu to be the sovereign of our courts is a shame . 
  we were sold an economic union , and got dragged into a political union . 
  remember when heath said that we would always have final say over our laws ? 
  what a scumbag . 
  if you lived through the horrors and destruction of ww1 , then i 'm sure you would do the same . 
  not even remotely true . 
  the lufftwaffe was destroyed by the raf , and german tanks were utter shit . 
  people often romanticise german tanks because of the german efficiency meme , but in reality nazi tanks were nothing special . 
  initially , german tanks were designed to be fast and take advantages of breakthroughs , but that changed as the germans thought that thicker armour and bigger guns meant the tank would be better . 
  the german tanks may have had the biggest guns and thickest armour , but they were useless on the field . 
  german tanks were designed to fight allied tanks , whereas the allied tanks were mostly designed for taking advantages of breakthroughs and outmanoeuvring the enemy , and they were very successful , for the most part . 
  tanks do n't adhere the trench warfare , and world war 1 saw the development and advancement of the tank . 
  the same can be said of airplanes , they had come a long way since world war 1 , and digging a trench was no longer as safe as it once was . 
  technology had advanced beyond trench warfare , and trench warfare was eventually counteracted by the end of ww1 ( see 100 days campaign that ended the war ) . 
  the primary reason it did n't work however , is that the germans broke through the maginot line by simply going around it . 
  the french had impressive armaments and defences all along the border , and it was hypothesised that the germans would be stopped by the maginot line , but once they went around it , the bef and french army was thrown into disarray . 
  the germans mobilised their armies fairly quickly ( often called ` blitzkrieg ' ) and once the maginot line was broken , the bef and french armies were not able to form a defensive or suitable position to attack or defend from . 
  new tactics , new technology , and new outlooks of war had seen trench warfare obsolete . 
   arrogant british ohh , shocker . 
   little englanders i really hate this term . 
  why is turning our back on a political union considered a bad thing ? 
  leaving a political union does n't mean we are isolationist , and also , why does everyone forget about the welsh ; did they not vote brexit ? 
   americans who used to titter at the sight of european commission president jean claude juncker representing europe , alongside barack obama and china 's president xi jinping , now spend their time apologizing for donald trump . 
  yes , i 'm sure those who make the decisions in america have stopped working and doing their jobs and apologise for trump all day . 
  what a load of bullocks . 
   the euro-area economy is projected to grow 1.9 percent this year , faster than the u.k. 's ( 1.6 percent ) and within range of the u.s. 's ( 2.2 percent ) the .3 % increase on the uk is brilliant and bad for the uk , the us ' .3 % of the eu is ` within range ' . 
  hmm , no bias here . 
   the eu has begun to fix the banking crisis in southern europe hahaha  a more integrated euro zone would involve an even clearer multitrack europe , but that too might suit the union : the outer ring of non-euro countries could perhaps eventually include a penitent britain , the western balkans , and ( close your eyes and dream ) maybe even turkey . 
  the comeback by brussels could augur a future with a more cohesive and regulated single market . 
  what is that word i 'm looking for ? 
  ` delusion ' seems rather fitting . 
   there 's a bigger problem than france : italy 's debt is 133 percent of gdp , its economy is basically unreformed oh , so we 're not glossing over the economic problems in europe ? 
  i thought that 's what we were doing . 
   and it faces an election next year that could be won by a coalition of silvio berlusconi 's center-right party and the anti-immigrant northern league god forbid . 
  would n't want a politician to represent the [ people 's interests ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/09/16/european-opinions-of-the-refugee-crisis-in-5-charts/ ) now , would we ? 
  what a disaster that would be ...  let alone feeling guilty about the austerity they 've enforced on the rest of the continent yes . 
  those damn italians ruined it all for us , not our fault . 
  none of it our fault . 
  not at all . 
  have us true europeans ever done anything bad ? 
  it is all those pesky italians that forced us to impose austerity upon our own people . 
  none of it our fault . 
  how could we brilliant central and western europeans ever do * anything * wrong ? 
   some germans see themselves as long-suffering philanthropists who 've bailed out the lazy people of southern europe repeatedly . 
  ahh , at least we 've stopped pretending this was going to be a fair and balanced article . 
  this may be the worst article i have ever read . 
  why did you even post this shit ? 
  the entire article is self-congratulation and patting yourselves on the back . 
  the article glossed over major eu problems and then blaming someone for the problems , whether it be anti-migrant parties , the ` arrogant british ' , or the ` lazy southern europeans ' . 
  what a crock of utter shit , i hope this sub is not too far gone to mindlessly upvote it because it makes you feel better about your own country . 
  pathetic . 
   britain had been friendly with france since before the crimean war yes , but britain was snubbed by france when france chose to ally russia , which meant that two of britain 's ancient enemies had now gotten in bed with eachother . 
   without a shadow of a doubt after the franco-prussian war , not really . 
  france was britain 's ancient enemy , and many saw the french steam-powered ships as a potential threat as they could transport tens of thousands of soldiers over the channel . 
  gladstone himself was outraged at the annexation of alsace-lorraine , but he was unable to persuade his cabinet to attempt to organise a protest the german annexation by neutral states . 
  gladstone was outraged , but clearly the british cabinet was not . 
  gladstone was actually the subject of much mockery after it was leaked that he criticised the annexation is an anonymous article published in the edinburgh review . 
  [ the ornisi affar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/orsini_affair ) and the conspiracy to murder bill of 1858 led to a very anti-french opinion prevailing in britain . 
  france annexed savoy and nice in january 1860 which also fanned the flames of the very anti-french opinion currently prevailing in britain . 
  france and britain were not allies , culturally and diplomatically speaking , it made more sense for britain and germany to form an alliance , but to quote disraeli :  `` this war [ franco-prussian ] represents the german revolution , a greater political event than the french revolution of last century . 
  i do n't say a greater , or as great a social event . 
  what its social consequences may be are in the future . 
  not a single principle in the management of our foreign affairs , accepted by all statesmen for guidance up to six months ago , any longer exists . 
  there is not a diplomatic tradition which has not been swept away . 
  you have a new world , new influences at work , new and unknown objects and dangers with which to cope , at present involved in that obscurity incident to novelty in such affairs . 
  we used to have discussions in this house about the balance of power . 
  lord palmerston , eminently a practical man , trimmed the ship of state and shaped its policy with a view to preserve an equilibrium in europe . 
  but what has really come to pass ? 
  the balance of power has been entirely destroyed , and the country which suffers most , and feels the effects of this great change , is england . '', 
   do n't think you can , russia was their ally on the continent , well , the argument would n't begin in 1914 , the argument would begin with france not wanting revenge for the franco-prussian war , and not allying themselves with russia , which would directly counter the expansion the germans so badly wanted . 
  france purposely aligned themselves with russia and had a very-anti german view because of the franco-prussian war . 
  france got involved in ww1 because they wanted revenge for the embarrassment 50 years prior . 
  the french could have stayed out of ww1 , but let us not pretend that russia , germany , and austria-hungary were n't itching for war either . 
  germany wanted to prove herself as a world power and have her colonial empire ( anglo-german naval race ) , austria-hungary wanted to move further into the balkans , and the russians wanted to prevent austria-hungary expansion and bring the balkans under their own protection . 
  britain was enemies to france ( napoleonic wars ) and russia ( the great game ) . 
  britain should have allied germany , that would have made more sense as we were culturally and diplomatically closer to the germans , but we wanted to maintain the balance of power in europe whilst stopping the threat of a german navy , so we made perhaps the greatest mistake we have ever made as a country . 
  you can argue that the french should have stayed out of the war , but you can say the same for all of the participants of the war , barring serbia . 
  you can not , however , blame france for ww2 . 
  and america had a plan drawn up to invade british canada . 
  historic war plans are meaningless . 
  there a plenty of instances of outnumbered , abandoned , outgunned soldiers fighting to their death .
