  if you want justification , here , have a speech of geobbles calling for ` total war more radical than anything we can yet imagine ' . 
  germany wanted total war , germany got total war . 
  simple as . 
  you do n't want to get bombed ? 
  do n't start wars that you will lose . 
   the distinction is just semantics . 
  i disagree . 
  the goal was n't to kill civilians , the goal was to end the war and completely fracture cities . 
   and in any case , it did n't even work . 
  as shown by the bomber harris quote , he did n't know if it would work or not . 
   i am sure the workers living in the residential districts borgfelde , eilbek or hohenfelde were producing thousands of weapons every day in their small flats , these districts just had to be leveled to the ground . 
  you ca n't build munitions for the germans if you do n't even have a home in germany . 
   uh-huh , like i even claimed that i never said you did , i said the idea that dresden was purely civilian and administrative area is laughable . 
   with the area bombing directive however , civilian suffering and deaths became the very goal of raf missions , no , damaging civilian morale and making it hard for cities to function was the goal , civilian casualties and suffering was required to achieve that goal . 
   this happened in hamburg , in dresden , cologne , pforzheim etc. 
  dresden , as i said before , was targeted because it was a very important transport hub that allowed germans to transport troops and supplies to the eastern front . 
  dresden was bombed in a fashion to kill civilians , but killing civilians was not the main goal . 
   what are you saying here ? 
  that quote is explaining the reasoning dresden was bombed . 
   i remind you that the targeted bombing of civilians was subject to controversy even in britain itself ? 
  what does this have to do with anything i just said ? 
  as if goebbels did n't have enough propaganda material with ` muh juden ' ? 
   bombing civilian housing and administrative buildings the idea that dresden that other such targets were purely civilian housing and administrative areas is laughable . 
  dresden was a military and industrial area , and it was a important railroad junction that the germans used to transport troops . 
  in the words of carl spaatz :  [ to target ] cities where heavy attack will cause great confusion in civilian evacuation from the east and hamper movement of reinforcements from other fronts . 
  as for your point about people becoming more determined , well , hindsight is beautiful , and i point you to this quote :  `` there are a lot of people who say that bombing can not win the war . 
  my reply to that is that it has never been tried . 
  and we shall see . '', 
  germany started the war . 
  germany screamed for total war . 
  germany received total war . 
  i 'll also leave you with another quote :  `` i do not personally regard the whole of the remaining cities of germany as worth the bones of one british grenadier . 
  it therefore seems to me that there is one and only one valid argument on which a case for giving up strategic bombing could be based , namely that it has already completed its task and that nothing now remains for the armies to do except to occupy germany against unorganized resistance . '', 
  - bomber harris, 
   the nazis entered this war under the rather childish delusion that they were going to bomb everyone else , and nobody was going to bomb them . 
  at rotterdam , london , warsaw , and half a hundred other places , they put their rather naive theory into operation . 
  they sowed the wind , and now they are going to reap the whirlwind . 
  nationalism and giving a foreign court power over your laws are directly at odds with one another . 
  shame it ca n't happen sooner . 
  well , the point is n't whether dictators are good or bad , the point is that people often turn to dictators in times of great struggle . 
   britain does n't have the best , most diverse and beautiful natural landscape , and we do n't take care of what there is that well . 
  i often regret this . 
  as someone who recently drove from london to cornwall , i 'd have to disagree . 
  our country has a very special , natural beauty . 
  some people do . 
  most of the great ` men of action ' in history have been dictators of one sort or another . 
  you 'd be surprised at the amount of people who feel that their country can only be saved by a `` man of action sweeping aside the men of talk and of delay '' . 
  the romans had dictators in times of great struggle and peril . 
  although the roman dictators were different from what we think of as dictators today , but the point is that in times of great peril and danger , people turn to dictators . 
  did n't the mongols successfully conquer what we today call russia ? 
   you have used monarchy for 100s of years ago as an example of why soverginty is not a illusion and then appealed to tradition to why that is still the case . 
  the world is certainly a different place then , than it is now . 
  sovereignty is n't a thing that existed ` hundreds of years ago ' , we were a self-governing nation-state a few decades ago . 
   here was a british president of the ecj as well so it is not like the uk has been excluded from it . 
  i never said we were excluded . 
  i said it is a foreign court , meaning not a british court . 
  the european court of justice is definitely a foreign organisation . 
   most countries still have to occasionally deal with ` foreign courts ' from time to time , when enforcing international laws or arbitration courts , when dealing with trade disputes . 
  again , international cooperation and agreements is not the same as surrendering your sovereignty . 
   so your are accepting that japan might not be as independent as it might seems . 
  i never claimed otherwise , and i do n't see how the sovereignty of an asian nation that lost ww2 is relative to britain at all . 
  japan is not fully independent because they lost the war and have remained firmly under the us ' thumb ever since . 
   china is certainly not a ' governor to her own people ' as for one they are dependent of international trade and that comes with certain conditions attached are you being disingenuous , or do you really not see the difference to trading with other nations and surrendering your sovereignty and allowing foreign law to supersede your own law ? 
   you have n't really explained why this is better but rather just appeal to tradition and to me it seems like there is some superiority complex or possibly even xenophobia about it . 
  there is nothing xenophobic about wanting britain to be ruled by british people . 
  britain is different from the rest of europe , we do not see ourselves as european , but rather as a separate peoples , which is why i posted the henry viii quote . 
  we are culturally different from the rest of europe , now , i 'm not saying our language , laws , and traditions do n't come from europe , i 'm saying we do not see ourselves as european and we are different from the rest of europe , as is russia , perhaps that is because of our defensive positions and the relatively few times we have been conquered by europeans relative to the rest of europe . 
   britain is in europe , that is a fact . 
  oh boy , did you miss that henry viii quote again , or are you trying to score cheap points ? 
   the ecj is not a german ruled court but one where all the members of the eu have input in . 
  and who do you think is the undisputed powerhouse of the eu that has the most influence ? 
  it is germany . 
  the eu is a continuation of germany by other means . 
   even back then he could n't have full control without consequences except i 'm not making a case for absolute monarchy , am i ? 
  i 'm making a case for self-governance , which is possible and has been the way in britain for donkeys years . 
   the reality is the world is moving closer together as such the need to work together and pool in sovereignty through international agreements becomes more important . 
  the world can work together without being ruled by a foreign court or having a foreign law supersede your own law . 
   even countries like china and japan are n't authorities to themselves . 
  japan 's foreign diplomacy is largely dictated to by the americans , but china is an independent nation and no other nation can tell china how to govern her people . 
   also the ecsc/eec/eu was always a political project , whose membership was approved by the legal process of the united kingdom . 
  the eec was completely honest about this at the time , if you are going to blame anyone , blame british politicians at the time for it . 
  it was always a political project , but the british people were promised they would retain their sovereignty and right to self-governance . 
  needless to say we were lied to . 
   `` there is no question of any erosion of essential national sovereignty '' - edward heath , government white paper , july 1971 . 
   i fail to understand why having as much sovereignty as possible is a good thing . 
  it seems to be a way for dictates to abuse their people . 
  because i want britain to be ruled by british people who live in britain and are impacted by our laws , not a foreign court . 
  britain is britain . 
  europe is europe . 
  if you prefer to be ruled by a german-ruled court , then so be it , but i 'd prefer to maintain our independence . 
   self-rule and independence is nothing but an illusion sure it is ... self-rule is not an illusion . 
    when henry viii declared that ` this realm of england is an empire ( imperium ) of itself ' , he was making not a new claim but a very old one ; but he was making it at a very significant point of time . 
  he meant -- as edward i had meant , when he said the same over two hundred years before -- that there is an imperium on the continent , but that england is another imperium outside its orbit and is endowed with the plenitude of its own sovereignty . 
  the moment at which henry viii repeated this assertion was that of what is misleadingly called ` the reformation ' -- misleadingly , because it was , and is , essentially a political and not a religious event . 
  the whole subsequent history of britain and the political character of the british people have taken their colour and trace their unique quality from that moment and that assertion . 
  it was the final decision that no authority , no law , no court outside the realm would be recognised within the realm . 
  when cardinal wolsey fell , the last attempt had failed to bring or keep the english nation within the ambit of any external jurisdiction or political power : since then no law has been made for england outside england , and no taxation has been levied in england by or for an authority outside england -- or not at least until the proposition that britain should accede to the common market . 
  the british parliament and monarch had the final say on british laws for millenniums , only recently has a foreign court been allowed to overrule our laws based on foreign law . 
   there are certain issues that can only be dealt with on a wider stage . 
  there is a very big difference between international cooperation on global issues and losing your sovereignty and self-governance to a foreign court .
