  best pm we never had tbh . 
  and a few hours ago it was the anniversary of the murder of lee rigby . 
   when will uk actually do something ? 
  our current government will do fuck all . 
  they will take a tough stance , pretend to pray , then back to business . 
  people will start turning towards ` men of action ' if nothing is done , and ` men of action ' have rarely brought peace or stability . 
  ay hol up , whiteboi . 
  ay hol up , / u / -- they -- did_this , just be sayin dat , he jus be sayin dat we wuz europeans n shit . 
  22nd was the anniversary of lee rigby 's beheading . 
  this is terrorism . 
  this is definitely terrorism . 
  it is the anniversary of [ lee rigby 's ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/murder_of_lee_rigby ) death . 
  [ 19 dead ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/05/22/manchester-arena-evacuated-reports-gunshots-explosion/ ), 
  have some willpower ? 
  such a dreary , yet beautiful , place . 
  so you 've stopped slinging buzzwords but are using completely irrelevant points to try and distract people from the fact you have absolutely no arguments . 
  good work . 
  you are not making any arguments . 
  you are pointing out arguments i will make in an attempt to undermine them , but you 're not undermining them , you 're just trying to appeal to the reader for upvotes . 
  enoch powell was not a fascist ; he fought against the nazis , not for them . 
  he was not a xenophobe . 
  he was not racist ; there is not evidence of him being a racist . 
   no he technically was not a fascist glad you agree , so i 'm not sure what your point is . 
  stop posting if you 're not going to actually contribute but instead just trying to undermine valid points because you disagree with them . 
  so you 're not even going to bother answering , just going to throw around more buzzwords with negative connotations ? 
  lying is not the same as fascism . 
   sadly , it is the british who are out of touch . 
  ahh yes , britain , an island with 65,000,000 people , is more out of touch with reality than this insulated hugbox of a subreddit where any opposing opinions are shouted down and anyone with a conservative view is called a fascist . 
  you have given no examples of nigel being a fascist , until then , goodbye . 
   your username is supremely ironic in this context . 
  literally how ? 
   he was as close as you can get to one while still remaining a member of the conservatives enoch powell was not a fascist at all ; he fought against the fascists in world war 2 . 
   yes , he was a racist , why would you say he was n't ? 
  enoch powell or nigel farage ? 
   he would absolutely be in ukip now if he was alive no he would n't ; the majority of the population agreed with enoch powell and enoch powell would have been able to force the conservatives hand in the current political climate . 
   national arrogrance prove to me how this is fascism . 
   isolationist america was isolationist for a very long period of time , are they a nation with a fascist history too ? 
   little englandism this is isolationism . 
  isolationism is not fascism . 
  you equate it with fascism because you know this is an overwhelmingly liberal/pro-globalism subreddit and you 'll get upvoted , but isolationism is not fascism . 
   repressed racism if history has taught us anything , its that when fascism takes hold , it does n't adopt ` repressed racism ' , it is outright and openly racist . 
  however , racism is not fascism . 
  racism was around long before fascism . 
   nasty sniping at everything that does n't fit his world view wait , you 're not a fascist are you ? 
   he ticks all the boxes . 
  he really does n't . 
  a fascist is someone who advocates or follows the political philosophy known as ` fascism ' . 
  fascism is , in the most common form , an authoritarian and radical form of nationalism . 
  nigel farage is not a fascist in any sense of the word , just as he is not a nazi in any sense of the word . 
  you can throw around the word ` fascism ' all you like because it gets you upvoted on this out of touch subreddit , but anyone with a brain knows nigel farage is not a fascist . 
  validating your view by comparing it to that of an unstable killer is a rather weak argument to hold . 
   and how that was already disgraceful because of the murder of jo cox ? 
  you ca n't win . 
  from the day she was murdered until the 23rd of june , all you heard was `` do n't politicise her death '' , but when nigel farage chooses not to politicise her death you are all outraged . 
  incredible . 
  either he mentions it and people lose their shit , or he does n't mention it and people lose their shit . 
  mosley was inspired more by mussolini than by hitler . 
   fascism looks like  national arrogrance not fascism . 
   isolationist absolutely not fascism . 
   little englandism i have to wonder , do you even know what fascism is , or do you just throw around that word willy-nilly ? 
   repressed racism not fascism . 
   nasty sniping at everything that does n't fit his world view . 
  shocker , ladies and gents : not fascism . 
   this is what british fascism looks like you throw around that word far too easily . 
  farage may be many things , but he is n't a fascist . 
  you would have to worry about turks in europe rioting and causing utter destruction though . 
  if you 're so ready for war , i hope you join to army and fight on the front lines . 
  ohh , i always assumed he was trying to say `` heil hitler '' or something , but his dodgy speech impediment made it sound like `` herr hitler '' . 
  thanks . 
  yes , they just did n't want to further deteriorate public opinion towards pakistanis , which is why we just call them ` asians ' instead of specifying that they are pakistani men . 
   [ the gbp will fall if scotland stops using the pound anyway ] ( http://imgur.com/a/aip44 ), 
  oh , is that why churchill referred to hitler as `` herr hitler '' in some of his speeches ? 
   insanely strict there is nothing insane about having strict immigration rules . 
  they were powerful figures who used their money and position to keep people silent ; people spoke out against them but no one believed them and those who did kept quiet because they were fearful of what these powerful men could do . 
  the pakistani men in rotherham are not powerful or rich ; they do not have the bbc behind them ; they are not capable of covering up their crimes with their vast wealth . 
  the men in pakistani were allowed to get away with their crimes merely because they are brown and the police and politicians felt it would be better to allow the rape of young girls to continue rather than potentially change the public opinion towards pakistani communities . 
  i feel like that man deserves a good hanging by the neck until dead . 
  as far as i know we have a lot of pakistanis and not so many syrians , jordanians , or iranians . 
  what did we expect ? 
  we allowed them to form their own communities and essentially segregate themselves from britain , our laws , and our cultures ; they maintained pakistani culture instead of integrating to british life . 
  self-segregation is a natural consequence of mass-migration , which is why we have communities following the laws of their third world shitholes instead of the laws of this nation . 
  common enemy ( jews ) and both natsoc and islam are both war-based ideologies . 
  woah , get out of here . 
  do n't you realise we 're all going to starve to death , declare war on spain , become a third world country , become a us puppet , become a russian puppet , become a chinese puppet , and be left all alone with wales ?!?!?? 
   5 years ago very few would have seriously thought brexit would be voted for not really . 
  brexit has been a big political issue in the uk since we joined the eec . 
  the uk has consistently been one of the most europsceptic nations in the eu . 
  my ww2 knowledge is not lacking . 
  also , you call me an autistic tit yet cry when i post that image ? 
   that asshole pictured in there was the politic which wanted uk to have nothing to do with the rest of europe that asshole pictured in there was the politician which wanted the uk to have nothing to do with the * european union *, 
   russia was only involved because it got attacked irrelevant ; they still liberated europe from nazi germany . 
   that is why i say we gifted them independence what you think of irish independence is irrelevant , you tit . 
  the point is : ireland should n't have to vote for us in eurovision because they got independence from the british empire , just as belgium should n't be forced to vote for the canadians because they helped liberate belgium in ww2 . 
   i 'm just disappointed they gave us 0 eurovision points after we allowed them to be independent . 
  please , friend , try to read this out-loud and you 'll realise how ridiculous your point is . 
  by the same notion , surely all of europe should vote for russia because they did the heavy lifting and liberated this continent from the axis powers ? 
  all of this is irrelevant though ; you ca n't just conquer someone , give them mp 's and be mad when they want independence . 
  if people want independence , they want independence . 
  ireland was conquered territory just as britain was to the romans , it does n't matter if we were good for ireland in some ways , they wanted independence . 
   the uk could have exterminated every single spark of resistance in ireland if it had wanted .
