  then again , i do n't blame the dutch soldiers and i do n't imagine i 'd be brave enough to die in a foreign land for a foreign cause that does n't benefit my nation . 
  expecting an education from reddit was your first mistake . 
  could you further explain ? 
  british propaganda on napoleon was so effective that british parents used to threaten their children with napoleon to keep them in line . 
  british children were terrified of him , and therefore snubbed the republican revolution taking place in france . 
  pretty effective . 
  well , that 's not really why they used anti-british propaganda . 
  hitler wanted an alliance with britain , he saw the british empire as a force for good . 
  even after britain declared war , hitler believed that he could make an ally out of britain ; anti-british anger in germany was n't the reason for posters like these . 
  they had anti-british propaganda because they were at war with britain and wanted to turn the populace against britain and against fighting for liberty . 
  remove unpersons and thoughtcriminals now !, 
  i 'm talking about london , not english people in general . 
  only if they can destroy the french and spanish armadas . 
  ca n't rebuild the empire without redcoats and india . 
  we have the redcoats , now we just need india . 
  i do n't think he is historically illiterate , i think he is being intentionally disingenuous to try and push a political agenda . 
  except this is n't relevant today , is it ? 
  warfare in europe is , for the most part , non-existent . 
  we have nuclear weapons to defend our nations , we have military alliances with nations that have nuclear weapons . 
  a small nation does not need to lose all sovereignty to survive , despite what this subreddit may tell you . 
   it 's just the natural cycle : tribe  hamlet  village  duchy/county / ...  nation state  continent-sized union . 
  there is no evidence to back this up other than your federalist wetdreams . 
  brilliant . 
  i recall watching a [ putin interview where he surprised the translator by replying in german ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpot9zvw0hg ) . 
  merkel speaks russian as well , but putin is a dickswinger who likes to play mindgames , so probably russian . 
  then again , this is all conjecture . 
  * removes kebab *, 
  yeah i saw that now , but i posted to comment before i scrolled down . 
   well to me eu = europe so that settles it that does n't settle it , not even remotely . 
  europe is bigger than the eu and will live on after the eu . 
   oh spare us the melodrama , you are more likely to send soldiers out to die for trump or saudi arabia than for the eu brilliant cherrypicking and excellent way to move past the point that we still have military obligations and will defend europe in case of an invasion . 
   this kind of people . 
  people who were voted in in 2010 , 2015 , 2017 . 
  people who threaten the eu in order to negotiate an exit . 
  people who side with trump who wants the end of the eu . 
  so , let me get this straight , anyone who votes against a political union moving towards further federalism and integration is an ` enemy of europe ' . 
  i honestly can not imagine being so mentally unstable . 
   russia and the uk deserve it - they are enemies of europe . 
  neither are ` enemies of europe ' . 
  russia is not an enemy of europe , they are an enemy of the eu and nato . 
  the uk is certainly not an enemy of europe just because they left the eu . 
  we still have military obligations to the eu and will fulfil them , if we send british soldiers out to die for europe , then how are we an enemy of europe ? 
  the uk leaving the european union does not mean the uk is an enemy of europe . 
  this country was a friend to europe during this continents darkest hour , which , incidentally , was before the eu , and we will continue to be a friend to the nations of this continent long after the eu . 
  on another note , if you can tell me what an ` enemy of europe ' truly is , i 'll be surprised . 
  europe is not one homogeneous country with the same ideals and wishes . 
  for example , poland and france are very different countries with very different wishes . 
  if you said an ` enemy to the eu ' , then fair enough , because the eu is a political union and the uk leaving it directly harms the eu . 
  the uk is not an enemy of europe . 
  get your head out of your arse . 
  funnier than you then ? 
   we 're the only the country with the epithet `` great '' great britain refers to the fact that our island is the biggest of all the british isles . 
   skool * skl  candy bars * sweets/chocolates  corner store * corner shop  hot mum * fit mum, 
  forgetting is n't the same as moving on . 
  if you want to silence everything that was said , created or built by an anti-semite then you 'd be missing a significant proportion of very important history . 
  stop being an idiot . 
  do we , the british , have to knock down statues of churchill because he was a notorious racist , or does he not matter because his attitude towards indians does n't hurt your feelings ? 
  luther , like churchill , is a national symbol and an important part of the nations and world history . 
  one should remember and recognise the faults of historic figures , not knock them down and silence them because it hurts your feelings . 
  strategic bombing , no matter how brutal or excessive , was , by definition , not a war crime during ww2 . 
  there was no international treaty protecting civilians from aircraft attacks during ww2 , which is precisely why neither goring nor bomber harris were prosecuted for their bombing campaigns . 
  everyone loves to pretend that the british somehow cheated the system and got away with a war crime whilst simultaneously forgetting that the axis powers were not charged for the same actions . 
  you can argue the morality of strategic bombing all you want , but morality is a fickle thing , especially during wartime . 
  war is war , if you do n't want your civilian populace to get bombed , do n't start a war . 
  the british got involved once belgium was invaded , but germany , luxembourg , austria-hungary , russia , serbia and france were already at war before the germans entered belgium . 
  germany was forced to accept responsibility for ww1 , but they were not responsible . 
  germany being blamed and punished so harshly was actually one of the major reasons germany started ww2 . 
   are you saying that because you actually believe the uk office was better yes . 
   the us office is one of the greatest shows of all time . 
  purely subjective , but i beg to differ . 
   not because it was american , but because it had better actors , better writing it had better actors , yes , but that is because it was already famous in the uk and it was very likely to blow up in us too . 
  i do n't think it had better writing at all . 
   and lasted more than 14 episodes . 
  this is how british tv works , though . 
  we prefer series with shorter seasons that are n't dragged out . 
  it was just right , the story wrapped up perfectly , they changed as people , they had completed their arcs , they had completed their wishes , and they had a relatively happy ending . 
  that is how british tv works . 
  being longer does not mean a show is better . 
  look at lost , it has an incredible amount of episodes , but that does n't mean that is was n't an utter shambles for most of it 's existence . 
  this is just utter delusion . 
  uk office is much better , much more subtle , more cringey , and , you know , funnier . 
   stop appropriating my culture , plz . 
  he says in the english language . 
  also , you created rock and roll , we perfected it . 
  the same is said about almost every democracy to ever exist . 
   primitive voting system oh boy , i 'm sure this will be a fair and balanced video . 
  everyone wants pr until ukip get 3 million votes , snp loses all relevancy , and the cons still get more votes than labour . 
  * clicks ` culture convert ' for a measly 57 diplo points *, 
  it was proposed as a way to stop masturbation in the us , was n't it ? 
  do n't know , the donkey is a bit of an ass . 
   hahah we build aircraft carriers to kill taliban  hahah i 'm not going to address your point because of your username . 
  hmm . 
  you wont be saying that military spending is a ` waste ' if - god forbid - your military ever has to fight to secure your independence and safety . 
  except it was n't built for the ` taliban aircraft ' , was it ? 
  we needed a carrier last time we needed to defend one of our islands , do n't be so disingenuous . 
  `` becuz muh distance n british imperialism n shit '' on a serious note , check his username , he is a troll . 
  you are truly pathetic . 
  uk is england , scotland , wales and northern ireland . 
   american  commenting on satirical comedy either i 'm in a coma or you 're satirical with a fake us flag, 
  bert is a puppet .
