i feel the same . 
  maybe they mean higher league games ? 
  i go to low league games quite often and everyone eats pukka pies at half time . 
   so i may have a tendency to call english pirates * privateers, 
  well how else would we get easy upvotes ? 
  i doubt it . 
  pretty pathetic . 
  hey , you may be delusional , but at least your an optimistic delusional , right ? 
  fair enough . 
  they are reacting to it because we are positioning ourselves to be the go between for the us & eu , but that does n't change the fact that there is literally no proof she said what the title is claiming she said . 
   someday your generation will be rememberd as the morons who fuck 'd it all up . 
  fucked what up ? 
  fucked the eu up ? 
  good . 
  pretty sure she did n't even say that , but hey , do n't let me get in your way . 
  i 'm down for a quick crusade . 
  i think you have just changed my mind tbh . 
  maybe you 're right . 
  there is n't one , i do n't think . 
  some people turn to religion , some people turn to the law , some people turn to art , some people turn to themselves . 
  i 'd argue that there is n't one true moral authority , and if there is one , then it certainly is n't the law . 
  yes , our laws are mostly based on christianity , and christianity has played a major role in what we deem acceptable and morally right in our societies , but i would still argue that despite the laws being based on morality , the law is not the ultimate moral authority . 
  it is the ultimate authority , but not the ultimate moral authority . 
  no , i 'm saying that the british people voted for a government that did this , and they chose to re-elect them , meaning the british people do not mind these measures . 
  this is a very different kettle of fish from a foreign court dictating what should and should n't be allowed in a previously sovereign nation . 
  what you think of british laws are irrelevant , the british people chose a government that made these laws and then re-elected them . 
  that is a soon-to-be sovereign nation deciding her own laws , not having her laws decided by a foreign court , it 's a very different kettle of fish . 
  spain have blockaded gibraltar before and what did it achieve ? 
  spain can not force britain to give up gibraltar , it will remain british until the citizens no longer want to remain british . 
  they could be , but britain is much stronger , both economically and militarily . 
  gibraltar will remain in british hands until the citizens of gibraltar would prefer not to . 
  it is utterly irrelevant , the czechs should be able to create and keep their own preferred laws and not be dictated to by the eu . 
  foreign courts dictating to previously sovereign nations what their laws should be ... who would 've known that handing over your sovereignty has its downsides ? 
  i love the proms . 
  ohh , thanks . 
  no problems here , chaps . 
  this is n't prevalent a certain type of community and it * certainly * does n't remain here because we ca n't integrate them . 
  please , move along , say nothing and do n't be offensive . 
  mosley never really had any chance of getting into power though , he just painted himself as the peaceful option that would save the empire . 
   un-ter-mensch i thought that word meant superman ? 
  what about the part where stannis , the most experienced commander of the seven kingdoms , marched his army right into slaugter because he did n't bother to send scouts ahead of him ? 
  a shame we did n't listen . 
  the handling of stannis is absolutely a valid criticism of the show . 
  why did one of the greatest commanders in westeros get beaten by 20 good men and not sending scouts out ? 
  rubbish and lazy way to get rid of a character they did not know what to do with . 
  dorne was not the only poorly written part of the show , most of season 5 and 6 was utter shit . 
  the show has been steadily going downhill since the end of season 4 . 
  you seriously underestimate just how much of a shithole many areas in england are . 
  i 'm not from birmingham , but i 'm from somewhere just as much of a shithole . 
  i feel your pain . 
  who would have known that changing parts of this country into foreign and alien places would be a disaster ? 
   how i wish that christopher nolan 's new film , `` dunkirk , '' had not been released at this moment in history . 
  the reviewers have been near unanimous in their praise : searing , complex , uncompromising about the savagery of war and death . 
  yet the essential message of the film , with its narrative of heroic retreat in order to fight another day , can not help but feed the national pride in britain 's capacity to triumph eventually , no matter what the odds . 
   nothing could be less helpful to our collective psyche as the country blunders toward brexit . 
  we hear much about american exceptionalism , but britain feels it , too . 
  we are the nation of empire , whose ancestors once controlled a quarter of the globe ; we are the mother of parliaments ; we stood alone against hitler ; we have not been conquered for a thousand years . 
  we feel remarkable . 
  do people pay to read this shit ? 
   we expect this new wave of immigrants to embrace it because ? 
  why ? 
  because we can not rock the multicultural boat and question mass-migration from people who hold incompatible views with our society , this wave of mass-migration will be just as great as the last ones , right guys ? 
  surely nothing can go wrong , right ? 
  maybe not this specific city , but please do n't try tell me there are n't any european cities that have been completely transformed into utterly alien places . 
  the european unity will always be a foreign entity to almost every country except germany . 
  i thought he was talking about [ this thing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_pacific_garbage_patch ), 
  big difference . 
  you need money to eat , sleep comfortably , have shelter , and you need money to live . 
  pointing out that poor people steel more is a more apt comparison than what you 're trying to make , but guess what , that is probably true ? 
  we 're not saying all poor people steel , we 're saying that those who are economically less well-off are more likely to steal . 
  do you see the difference ? 
  who would 've known ? 
   and the overwhelming majority of them are nice , law-abiding inhabitants . 
  i 'd like to believe . 
  [ hmm , 36 % of 16 to 24-year-old british muslims believe if a muslim converts to another religion they should be punished by death , compared with 19 % of over-55s . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/6309983.stm ) nice chaps , eh ? 
  islam is a plague on our society and the self-segregation it entails will lead only to violence . 
  pretending only a few hold incompatible views is ignorant at best , and disingenuous at worse . 
  you do n't need to look at the news to see the catastrophe of muslim-migrants in europe , you need only find some opinion polls . 
   why blame religion because religion drove this man to kill , he then also screamed ` god is great ' as he was killing people . 
  no , you 're right , not religious at all . 
  there is no trend or pattern to this terror , we must bury our heads in the sand and wait for it all to blow over , right ? 
  you can play mental gymnastics to defend islam all you want , but please , come up with something more original . 
  unless , of course , you 're referring to why he did n't call it ` islamic terror ' , in which case , you probably know why . 
  it is a sad state of affairs when your own cities are transformed into foreign and alien places . 
  or , you know , not let them in at all ? 
  would n't that be nice and easy ? 
  if they are not allowed here , or they outstayed their welcome , then they should be denied access or deported . 
   the eu is not responsible for immigration , passports , citizenship , visas and so on . 
  i wish they were . 
  you wish the european union , a foreign entity , had say over your own nation when it comes to who could and could n't enter your own country ? 
   good thing most brits are able to hold themselves to higher standards today than those based on a fucking goebbels speech . 
  that whole invasion of poland , netherlands , belgium , france , greece , denmark , norway , luxembourg , ussr , yugoslavia , czechoslovakia , and then calling for more total war was more what i was referring to than the man himself . 
   then you 're admitting civilian areas were targeted . 
  good . 
  very poor attempt at justifying it btw . 
  no , industrial , military , and transport areas were targeted . 
  no purely civilian city was targeted . 
   very poor attempt at justifying it btw . 
  that was n't me justifying it .
