  the us flag behind bert implies that ukraine is an american puppet . 
  i 'm not talking about the backlash of the british public , i 'm talking about the attention it received on here , shit like :  fucking brits leaving eu and turn into 1984  fucking chinese puppets  worst authoritarian state world wide  stupid fucking brits voting brexit you would n't believe the attitude round here if the british government announced this . 
  boy , could you imagine the shitstorm this would cause and attention this would get if it was britain doing this , yet this article barely gets any attention because it 's the germans , i wonder why ? 
  doubleplus good . 
  we must stop those from traitors from having ungood thoughts and committing doubleplusbad crimethink . 
  may those who commit doubleplusbad crimethink be sent to the joycamps or miniluv . 
  hail big brother . 
  ownlife and old think are plus bad , this way the thoughtpol can quickly arrest thought criminals . 
  hail big brother . 
  may big brother turn the traitors into unpersons . 
  what are you rambling on about ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  this is n't because of blasphemy laws , this is because of ` hate speech ' , because we dare not upset the muslims . 
   us free speech is complete bullshit though and certainly not something i want in europe . 
  read that back to yourself in a year or two , you might die of cringe . 
  * teleports behind you *, 
  pretty sure the quote refers to when the state systematically burns books , not your average person burning an old book for warmth . 
  we dare not rock the multicultural boat . 
   rational society . 
  well there is your problem . 
  we covered up the rotherham rapes to ` not rock the multicultural boat ' . 
  there is no limit to what our rulers do to keep the populace in check . 
  i hate the people who rule this country . 
   a post pretending the eu flag is more revered than the national flag has almost 1000 upvotes  `` ahhahahah you must think the eu wants to eat babies if you have a problem with this blatant pushing of a political agenda '' certainly gets the noggin ' joggin ' . 
  yes . 
  op 's post is by far the worst post i have ever seen on this sub . 
   this election does not signal an end to brexit . 
  absolutely . 
  the people saying `` british people voted against brexit '' are being intentionally disingenuous , given that corbyn pledged to end freedom of movement , and we all know we can not end freedom of movement without a hard brexit . 
   conservatives not winning a majority is a clear rejection of a hard brexit  snp losing seats to cons and lab is not a rejection of indyref hmm, 
  yes , however , they are right . 
  i have personally bought 4 different newspapers and they are all telling me who to vote for , and i will do exactly as they say , because it 's not like the british people can make up their own minds , is it ? 
  we must 've been forced into our recent political decision by propaganda . 
  we have no control over our own thoughts , right guys ? 
   fair ? 
  people here are just rooting for their side . 
  oh , i am fully aware of that , but surely the majority of people here can maintain neutrality on their views on nationalism ? 
  i do n't care that the people here do n't particularly like britain or brexit , i do , however , care about hypocrisy , so surely if you are anti-nationalism , you must maintain your views on nationalism regardless of the benefits it may bring to your ` side ' ? 
  sturgeon has made england her boogeyman long before may . 
  britain is n't against europe . 
  we are against being in the political union . 
  i know why this sub thinks english nationalism is bad and scottish nationalism is good , but perhaps we should be a little fair ? 
  england would be economically better off without scotland , wales , and ni , would n't we ? 
  ( not sure of this , pls correct if wrong ) regardless of economics , i 'd prefer to keep the uk together . 
  hmm , this is interesting . 
  english nationalism is bad , yet scottish nationalism is good ? 
  also , sturgeon should spend more time trying to improve scotland instead of blaming absolutely everything on england . 
  she is no different from any other leader who makes a boogeyman to keep the populace on her side whilst she ignores all scottish problems . 
  holy shit , that sweden needs to be destroyed before it gets too out of hand . 
   the point of terror is to strike fear into our hearts to divide us . 
  funny , i 've never seen isis say this , i have , however , seen them say their goal is to kill the infidel . 
  it 's a nice soundbite , but it is false . 
  they do n't care whether we are divided or not , they care about spreading islam to every corner of the globe and killing the infidel in the name of allah . 
  i 'm not speaking about the populace of the colonies , i 'm speaking about the dominion/colony/country itself . 
  most of them were utter wastelands before britain arrived , and now some of our colonies are the some of the best countries on the planet . 
  just to reiterate , i 'm not condoning genocide or murder , simply pointing out that some of the colonies did rather well from the british empire , the natives , however , not so much . 
   shitty for all the colonies not all the colonies . 
  what does gun violence in america have to do with terrorism in ireland/northern ireland , or are you just trying trivialise murder to suit your political agenda ? 
  do it again based henry v !, 
  the british and french won ww1 , and ww2 was won by the soviets . 
  oh shit , i completed misunderstood your point . 
  my bad . 
   if you look hard enough you 'll find that he had only one testicle , a short dick , brown eyes , jewish grandparents , wait , is this proven ? 
  i thought this was post-war propaganda ? 
  suez crisis worst crisis of my life . 
  embarrassing . 
  they had legitimate reasons to invade , we were kidnapping men and forcing them to fight in our navy ; but they did invade , the army repelled them and set the white house on fire . 
  it is a war , but it is forgotten as the us did n't win that one . 
  it is a forgotten war precisely because it was a stalemate . 
  well because if donny and the queen ever met , it would be in the uk . 
  if you are in britain , you follow british laws and traditions regardless of birthplace . 
  well because that someone from a different country would be in britain , where the queen outranks you regardless . 
  in britain , you respect british customs and traditions . 
  we 're not in the position to declare war , but we 'd probably cut ties , but then again our government probably would n't care , the public , though , would go fucking mental . 
  treason . 
  spaniard blood contaminated the fish along with your armada . 
   everyone was avoiding eye contact that is our natural state . 
  it got downvoted because / u/koleye was offering his support and being a stand up guy , but / u/snoopdrug just had to drag his political agenda in and make his irrelevant point at the wrong time . 
   this sub is full of cunts i do n't know , i 've only spotted two so far , one of which , by the way , is you . 
   joke that british held up their spirits throughout the ww2 , the terror acts , but once the snow came they went into an all out panic that is n't a joke , that is objectively true . 
   these beautifully designed subs have glass bottoms so the modern spanish fleet can get a really good look at the old spanish navy . 
  fucking brilliant . 
  10/10 post . 
  it would definitely help , but most of our terrorists are home grown cunts , not imported cunts . 
  what is your point ? 
  yesterday was the anniversary of lee rigby 's death , and yesterday there was a terrorist attack , could be a coincidence , but it makes no difference as this has been confirmed as a terrorist attack ; is have since claimed responsibility . 
  this is terrorism . 
  unfortunately , yes . 
  i do n't mean put a gun to their head force them to drink tea . 
  i mean make it impossible to survive without integration . 
  if they do n't want to integrate , fine , they ca n't work here , they ca n't claim benefits here . 
  kuffir , he is not in hell . 
  he is in paradise with 72 virgins . 
  seriously though , fuck that cunt . 
  i hope he rots . 
  we really need to rethink our mass-migration laws that allow muslims to form their own communities . 
  i do n't think we 'd have this problem if we were capable of forcing them to integrate without being scared of being called racists for it . 
  islamic communities rarely leads to any good . 
  integration must take place or we are going to be dealing with islamic terrorism for centuries . 
  terrorist attack on the anniversary of lee rigby 's death .
