yes but south ossetia and abkhazia are right across the border . 
  this is far away , and would anybody really care for transinistria ? 
  would they ? 
  it 's not like anybody can help them now , and moldovans are presumably more numerous and better equipped , however poor they might be . 
  scotland is n't being taken anywhere . 
  united kingdom is , which you are part of . 
  it is your right not to care how england voted . 
  similarly , they do n't have to care about scotland , especially since you had your referendum two years ago and botched it . 
  seriously , why do n't moldovans just steamroll over them ? 
  ottomans - middle of 13th century - 1923 . 
  they win , sorry bro . 
  i 'm pretty sure burqa is a pashtun clothes . 
  they have already started cutting back on those benefits . 
  plus , ` the rich ' in the us pay almost half of federal taxes and still get shit on regularly , while leeches get what they did n't earn . 
  does n't sound that great , although they are probably crying in their lamborghinis now . 
  the process is reversed ; irish are becoming more english than english themselves . 
   but denmark 's economic philosophy seems to be that the market is an unfortunate socioeconomic lottery system , and so the country compensates the poor with generous transfers paid by high taxes on ~ ~ the rich ~ ~ everyone and everything . 
  ftfy, 
  i know , i do n't like them either . 
  but this is a fine example of beautiful slavic culture , and i like it for what it is . 
   they are n't the most grateful ones , unfortunately context ? 
  i 'm sure you should offer armenians your help and guidance . 
  make caucasus great again and such . 
  in the beginning , after we got steamrolled at marica and kosovo . 
  not much of a choice there , right ? 
  to be honest , we were the first confirmed judenfrei country in occupied europe . 
  german high command actually had to issue an order forbidding people to report their neighbours as jews because there were none of them . 
  we spilt our blood in both wars , but let 's not pretend that we 're completely innocent . 
  [ serbia stronk , happy birthday brothers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qs1e0kc580m ), 
  rahat lokum is master race . 
  only thing for which i regret the serbian revolution , we do n't get decent rahat lokum anymore . 
  well , we do , but it 's really hard to find . 
  '' i mean , it 's not rape if she was given a choice . 
  nothing prevented her escaping , except for mu knife to her throat . '', 
  yes , that is exactly how they work . 
  judicial branch also has to be checked and balanced , which pis is doing right now . 
   or for purposefully segregated housing that shoves minorities into the same neighborhoods . 
  whites run away from them because they destroy every neighbourhood . 
   it is in fact much more effective at carrying out a racist agenda because the racism is implicit in the system rather than explicit . 
  so , if they are equal under the law , but the law hurts them more , does that mean that they are n't equal to the white man ? 
  are whites inherently more able to follow the law ? 
  is there something , hmm , biological in black people which makes them bad citizens ? 
   black people are extremely over-represented amongst poor people in the us due to extensive discrimination over generations reducing their social mobility . 
  they are poor mostly due to broken families and unsafe neighborhoods , which discourage investment . 
  but majority of imprisonments are not for drug use , but for drug trafficking . 
   80 % of all prisoners incarcerated for drug usage are black or hispanic . 
  not because they hunt down people with joints in their hands , but because they pack it up alongside more serious crimes . 
   they are usually not the ones dealing on the street but control the white collar side of drug trade . 
  white collar side does n't directly produce so much bodies and destroyed communities , and it is harder to prove . 
  also , they get screwed hard if they get caught . 
   this nominally ` equal ' law punishes the poor to a much larger degree , and with that the african american and hispanic populations , who are historically marginalized . 
  but why is that the law 's fault ? 
  just because something has disparate impact , does n't mean it 's racist . 
  that would be like saying that public school system is racist because poor black students perform worse than poor white students . 
  equality under the law means what it means : equality under the rules which are the same for everyone . 
  so , black people really ca n't stop committing crimes ? 
  you 're acting like they , in their majestic equality to the white man , ca n't stop killing each other over jordans . 
   if you have a city with one religious minority and everybody else being atheist and you virulently start to pass anti-religious laws which reasonably recent ( say , since 2000 ) anti-black laws have been brought ? 
  dealing drugs is illegal since time immemorial , as are stealing , armed robbery , kidnapping and murder . 
  them ? 
  dealing drugs , looting stores , etc. 
  is illegal for everyone , black or white . 
  it 's not like the laws were put in place secretly , everyone knows that you can end up in jail if you deal drugs and they still do it . 
  unbelievable . 
  you can vote pis out of office if you want . 
  he did n't say that jailing judges is n't the end of judicial independence . 
  he is saying , however , that poland is not jailing judges , and that two situations are n't even comparable . 
  so , blacks ca n't stop committing crimes ? 
  roosevelt is the single most authoritarian us president to ever hold office . 
  i 'm generally for curbing the judicial power , but '' judges serving at discretion of the justice minister '' ??? 
  that is * fucked * . 
  jordan . 
  sneaky motherfucker . 
  so what ? 
  many english are french in origin , does n't make them the same nation . 
  if you play crusader kings , it was always into nordics . 
  as you would do with every tax increase . 
  everything gets passed down to consumers . 
  and the germans get cheaper smartphones , which means that their citizens have more disposable income , which can be taxed . 
  i see where people are coming from , but right now , i think trying to get rid of shell companies will do more damage than good . 
  one of the ways you get rid of them is by lowering the tax rate across the board , so the cost of running a shell company is higher than just paying taxes . 
  but you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
   apple needs french sales more than it needs irish tax loopholes . 
  at the moment it can enjoy both . 
  if forced to choose it would be ireland and not france that would be screwed . 
  they would n't choose ireland , they 'd choose the entire european union . 
   bad faith goes both ways . 
  one of the large nations just needs to get sufficiently perturbed and then that 'd be it . 
  you do n't understand what trust means , right ? 
  nobody has any problem with doing business in ireland because they are fairly certain right now that things will remain more or less same . 
  that * wo n't * happen if french and germans suddenly start trade wars . 
  you do n't trust people like that , and you do n't do business there , because the risk is too high . 
   ireland is providing neither good , service , material nor customer . 
  if your alternative is paying double the tax rate , i 'd say the irish provide a pretty good service . 
   if that happens ireland is f 'd , not france leaving the european union would be a disaster for the french , as it will probably be with british . 
  remember , most of the brexiters were n't against free markets , as they recognize that it benefits them . 
  but right now , negotiating that market is proving difficult . 
   if apple sell 200 phones in germany , they should pay the tax on those phones in germany . 
  they do . 
  it 's called vat ( value added tax ) , and each individual country sets it 's own vat rate .
