  the state does n't store your money , it provides infrastructure , education , a certain degree of security , social welfare and various other services in exchange for taxes on your income , property and various other things . 
  providing a better service in this context means providing better infrastructure or education for your taxes , you choose what service you use by deciding where to live and work , opting for a better service would therefore mean to actually move to switzerland and pay taxes there as i previously mentioned . 
  in regards to where to draw the line between acceptable tax avoidance and unacceptable tax avoidance i would say that tax avoidance is unacceptable as soon as a state does not allow you to `` opt-out '' of their service by moving somewhere else/renouncing your citizenship or doing/owning nothing that would cause taxes , because in that case it essentially forces you to use their `` service '' at gunpoint , like north-korea . 
  when it comes to the application countries like switzerland should simply put an end to their banks helping people to avoid taxes alltogether in my opinion , simply because the majority of people that avoid taxes should actually be paying them ( e.g because they drive on the roads/send their kids to schools other people paid for ) . 
  also people from oppressive countries who store their money in places like switzerland are usually influential and wealthy people who have ties to the regime themselves . 
  the swiss banks are not offering people a better service by helping them hide their supposed taxes . 
  instead they help them to use someone elses service without paying for it . 
  people have to abide the laws of the country they are living in , if i could just move my income to some place where it is n't taxed and say that the laws of the country i am in do not apply to my money in the other country , everyone would do that and nothing would function . 
  in regards to your example i have to add that not everyone is an unrightfully persecuted whistleblower , if i take your example and expand it a bit then there could not only be states that give whistleblowers asylum , but also states that give actual criminals asylum . 
  i think it works in a similar way for swiss banks that help people to avoid taxes , some people might be from countries with an oppressive regime that mistreats its citizen and should probably not get more taxes , but most people are from countries within europe . 
  these countries should definitely get that tax money . 
  it is definitely stealing . 
  it would be equivalent to your example if the people that avoid taxes right now would move to switzerland , get a job there and then tax their income by swiss tax laws . 
  as of now these people are living in eu countries , reaping the benefits of other peoples taxes while not contributing themselves , which is not only unethical but also against the law . 
  having larger communities of immigrants from certain countries can actually be something negative imo . 
  not having many people from your country of origin in your new country can encourage integration and make it easier to learn the language since there is no escape from it . 
  also having no significant presence of people of a certain skin-colour in a country does n't necessarily equal more racism towards that group of people . 
  as a half african who was born here ( germany ) i would argue based on my personal experience and knowledge ( i also remember reading statistics about this but i forgot the source ) that there is much more racism and stereotypes against people of turkish/arabic origin than there is against black people here in germany . 
  people in countries like france on the other hand appear to be a lot more prejudiced against black people because of the large presence of immigrant communities from african countries . 
  conclusively it might appear easier to live in a country with large communities from your country , but moving to a country where this is not the case might result in better integration/language learning which eventually leads to a better overall situation . 
   in germany , a train arrives exactly at scheduled time . 
   germany ... train . . at scheduled time . 
  pick two . 
  that is actually limited to bavaria . 
  some bavarians were pretty dumbfounded when i told them that the parents here could just decide at which school they enroll their children at after primary school , they only give you recommendations but you 're free to simply ignore them . 
  ( i live in nrw btw ) i remember one guy from primary school who had a recommendation for the hauptschule and went to the gymnasium ( where he still is ) . 
  i went to the realschule ( with recommendation ) and switched to the gymnasium after graduation as well . 
  the advantages disappear if you spend all your money in the country , because everything is more expensive . 
  the country is nice though . 
  an example might have done good explaining it to them . 
  the netherlands had detailed records about the religious beliefs of its citizens at the time germany invaded them during ww2 . 
  this was obviously very harmful for the jewish population of the country after the nazis started to put their horrible plans into action . 
  you can buy lots of cheap alcohol and weapons there . 
  they also have a [ really comfortable prison with only one prisoner . 
  ] ( http://www.tntmagazine.com/news/world/san-marinos-only-prisoner-has-a-private-library-gym-and-tv-room ), 
  yeah , but the country is so big that for many those countries are too far away . 
  i do n't know about the reasons for scandinavian countries , but beer around here is cheap enough . 
  i 've always found this chain of relative cheap alcohol funny . 
  norwegians travel to sweden to get cheap booze , swedish people go to denmark and danish people go to germany . 
  the french riot all the time though it seems . 
  no matter what happened , someone in france is probably rioting or on strike because of it . 
  upvote for arkona , i think the band singing that part is a pagan-metal band though . 
  unfortunately there is n't much original folk music around anymore , except for that stuff from bavaria , which i perceive as a pain in the ear . 
  we do have many bands which play `` medieval music '' here though . 
  i kind of like some of those and many of their songs are of german origin too . 
  this brings back bad memories of our own schlager music . . 
  i think one of the problems for us germans is that most of our folk-music today is terribly awful . 
  ca n't i just post something from ireland ? 
  oh i love this guys youtube channel , you should certainly check out all his other stuff . 
  he plays great folk music . 
  in light of the recent scandals it 's probably not going to look pretty for them . 
  i just put vatican city in there . 
  the nsa is not only spying on americans . 
  but normal police also enforces traffic laws , right ? 
  if you overtake a police car or park in the wrong place normal police surely wo n't ignore that . 
  i think the telekom disagrees with you . 
  there should be some simple questions such as : `` would you mind a foreign neighbour ? '', 
  included in the poll , i 'd be curious about the answers in this subreddit . 
  also unemployment , many people are moving out of rural eastern germany because unemployment is far above the german average . 
  [ relevant irish music video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljpfzrrd3j8 ), 
  many people in hong-kong dislike people from mainland china afaik , so i guess that may have influenced the results in the poll . 
  did n't he make a law himself that prevents people from actually going to prison after a certain age ? 
  hah , i am sure all the coal and nuclear energy that makes up the majority of our electricity is very `` renewable '' . 
  germany is n't like switzerland or scandinavia , most stuff is not really expensive here , even though many people like to think the contrary because the news always makes us seem so wealthy . 
  why should not having blonde hair and blue eyes really make any difference ? 
  when it comes to wether someone fits into a certain society or not the most important factor is the culture someone was raised with and his willingness to adapt a different one depending on his enviroment . 
  there is no evidence that the ethnicity of someone has anything to do with their nonphysical qualities as a human being , so why exactly do you focus on something so irrelevant when the actual problem seems to be the unwillingness of certain immigrants to adapt to european culture ? 
  if you 'd have read the article you would know that it is not trying to make a case for unskilled immigrants who do not desire to contribute to society , but rather tries to highlight the problems and prejudice people of dark skin in sweden face solely based on their skin-colour . 
  / r/doesnottranslate, 
  i currently go to the german gymnasium , what you said is not really true , most people here are pretty average and do n't have such a hipster attitude towards pop-culture . 
  the only thing i 've noticed is that there are a lot more nerds and religious people on the gymnasium compared to the realschule and these people are obviously more involved with their particular subcultures . 
  ( realschule is the one below gymnasium , i do n't know about the lowest tier since i never went there ) also there are a lot more girls , but that is simply because girls do better in school on average , the lowest tier high-schools are a sausage fest compared to the gymnasiums in germany if you look at the statistics . 
  there is a certain degree of mobility between the school forms though , i have a degree from the realschule ( medium tier ) and directly switched to the gymnasium ( highest tier ) for another 3 years after i got my degree . 
  i also know 2 people from my grade who have been sent to the hauptschule ( lowest tier ) first . 
  i do agree though that the current system does n't support this mobility and someone who is sent to the hauptschule will most likely decrease further in his performance . 
  we have laws like this in germany too , nachtruhe for example is in place from 10 pm to 6 am so you can actually report people who make loud noise to the police afaik . 
  there also is sonntagsruhe which applies to the complete ( sun ) day , i am not sure if it is as restrictive as the nachtruhe though . . also certain appliances are not allowed to be run between 1 pm and 3 pm . 
  i have to agree , that 'd be hilarious as long as you do n't live right next to those buildings . 
  i think it depends on the whereabouts mostly . 
  i 'd rather live in scotland than east-germany , but given the current economic and political state of affairs in both countries i 'd most likely prefer to stay here in my part of germany . 
  a rather bad decision imo , as if church bells were n't annoying enough already . 
  rules for disturbing the peace should also apply to religious organisations . 
  at least one thing they 're good for . 
  that does not have anything to do with angela merkel winning or not winning though , all parties that will most likely get into the parliament are pro-euro . 
  unfortunately being german does n't make me look like one , i only have one german parent so i still look like i am from africa/india . 
  one of the disadvantages of that is that any encounter with violent neo-nazis would be a very dangerous situation to be in . 
  i would still be scared of running into people from golden dawn there . 
  do n't they have a presence all over the city ? 
  as far as i know norwegians and swedes go to denmark for cheap booze , so it must be worse than denmark . 
  that 's pretty interesting , i did n't know that before . 
  i have to agree with you , of course you only get paid if you actually do work during your apprenticeship , apprenticeships where you only receive theoretical training in schools are obviously exempt from that . 
  as far as i know there are n't that much of those compared to the normal ones though , where you both work and receive vocational training . 
  but apprenticeships do pay ? 
  all my old classmates that went into an apprenticeship after graduation ( it was a realschule , i decided to have another 3 years of school and go for the abitur instead . ), 
  make about 500 $ -800 $ per month , which is a lot of cash if you still live with your parents . 
  the other things like internships and minijobs will most likely not make you count as employed and i only know very few people my age who do something different than being an apprentice or going to school anyways . 
  they actually started building the first railways here almost 100 years before hitler came to power . 
  they proved themselves to be rather useful in much earlier wars like the austro-prussian war in 1866 . 
  i 'd start laughing if someone would call me an immigrant-hating neo nazi , i am a person of color myself so i can say criticise these people and noone would bother calling me a nazi for it since i am most obviously not . 
  they do n't run around the streets telling people they ca n't eat this or wear that because of their own religious beliefs .
