  luckily they are n't supported by the government itself yet , but the situation amongst the greek police-force is scary nonetheless . 
  i was n't excluding western countries with `` places with less effective police '' , the police in weimar germany was obviously not capable of calming down the violent and hostile atmosphere between the political parties of the time . 
  i think vigilantism that acts in the name of beliefs that are accepted by the majority , is likely to be tolerated in places with less effective police where people are more reliant upon themselves . 
  i 'd hope so but i fear that it will certainly not be `` easy '' , those people are just fueling hate and prejudice and should n't be allowed to stay in europe with that behaviour . 
  i am certain that they would like saudi-arabia more . 
  what a bunch of idiots . 
  i hope the police takes them off the streets as soon as possible , such behaviour is not to be tolerated in a western democratic state . 
  more like suck it germany , i was pretty surprised ireland ranked higher than a good bunch of the european states who are currently far better off economically . 
  you have some gorgeous nature and great alcohol in ireland though so i 'll gladly throw more money at you guys the next time i visit , 
  this is of course not how it is supposed to be . 
  however , in my opinion higher pay does not automatically equal less corruption . 
  [ italy for example has some of the highest paid politicians in all of europe ] ( http://technorati.com/politics/article/controversy-as-italian-parliaments-salaries-are/ ) , now some of the italians here can surely confirm us , that their politicians are known to be trustworthy people that would never accept money from questionable sources . 
  and at the same time , the great chancellor-candidate of our _ social-democratic _ party `` peer steinbr\u00fcck '' publicly claims , that the wages for the job are too low . 
  now that sounds like a great thing to say , to convince your voterbase that you totally care about the current economic situation and the people that might elect you , does n't it ? 
  i do n't think it would be very healthy to eat a stray dog , especially not when it is likely that that dog has been on the streets for quite a while . 
  i guess i can count myself lucky that my family does n't follow this tradition . 
  for me it is mostly onion-bread and salmon fillet , although there are also appetizers on little sticks with cheese , meat and such . 
  but even today we still do n't want your politicians . 
  * shudder *, 
  we have the last one in germany too , i 've heard people who are not from holland will take offence with being called holl\u00e4nder . 
  oh , we also call the french people `` froschfresser '' ( frog-eaters ) sometimes . 
  as a ethnically half-african german , i find this rather unpleasant and frustrating . 
  because of my skin-color , i have to endure all these annoying stigmas that these folks have planted into the hivemind with their behaviour . 
  many people here automatically seem to assume i am a badly integrated african/muslim immigrant who does not speak german properly , even though it is not only my native language but also the culture i grew up with , not to mention i was born here and do n't believe in any deity . 
  i try to counter this by acting against the present stereotypes at any possible point , yet i constantly talk to people who ask me why i am in college at ramadan or wo n't believe me when i am saying that i am no immigrant . 
  the former ddr parts of germany are indeed doing quite well compared to the rest of germany . . as far as i recall saxony was at the top in the last comparison . 
  the glorious maggi-w\u00fcrze is popular through all of germany , we mostly put it on our soups in my region though . 
  wait . . other countries do n't do that ? 
  do you mean you eat the food with your * hands * ? 
  it really does seem like everyone here except me likes this stuff , nothing against some nutella on some of my beloved wei\u00dfbrot though . 
  they love this dark-bread over here too , i ca n't stand it though and prefer the unhealthy white stuff . 
  ah , thank you for that , chips are pretty uncommon in germany then , but i do remember having some decent ( fish & ) chips at kingfishers in dublin . 
  in german you would call them both by the same name , so i do not really know the difference . 
  now there we got something you eat that i have never heard of . . 
  i mean i do know the crisps with salt & vinegar flavour , but i 've never heard of or eaten fries with it . 
  mayonnaise on fries is not common in other countries ? 
  ketchup is also an option here though . 
  if there is a demand there will always be someone to satisfy that demand in a capitalist economy , it would n't matter if we would stop selling weapons to the americans . 
  the only consequence would be more profit for companies from non-eu countries like izmash . 
  indeed it is , ironically it also has the highest percentage of neo-nazis in germany . 
  that is if you compare it to the rest of the world though . 
  within the eu romania is one of the poorest countries . 
  at least we can hope that western states will likely not accept proposals that just play into the hands of states like russia , china or saudi-arabia . 
  in this case it is probably for the best if the internet is not controlled/managed by all u.n members . 
  even though this could also give europe more power , there is still a huge amount of islamic and/or undemocratic countries which could force things like this proposal down our throats . 
  i remember the whole thing backfired when we tried that the last time . . 
  sure , ordinary scottish accents are pretty okay , but glaswegian is on a different level . 
  i remember having to ask what he said repeatedly when i talked to a guy from glasgow the last time . 
  obviously , english is n't my native language so the english folks might have some advantage over there . 
  sure they even need to drink a pint for that ? 
  but . . but . . how is it possible that after all these scandals , about 10 % of the population might still vote for him ? 
  should n't one scandal be enough to make a politician disappear ? 
  then again , people from less corrupt states are certainly less-likely to like that idea . 
  as a black , native german , i get the impression from myself and others that most seem to prefer it if you just say `` black people '' or `` black . '', 
  it is not historically loaded and careless at the same time , exactly what most of us want , i do n't really want people to care about my race and therefore could n't give a shit about `` correct '' terms , careless is much better . 
  some sjw types might even object to that , but eh , if they do they care too much about race , in my opinion . 
  ideally , though , i 'd like it if people would just stop adressing or discussing the matter at all and treat me like any other german . 
  that sounds absolutely hilarious , but at the same time so unnatural to my german mind that i can barely comprehend . 
  i do n't think not having to pay for fuel makes a car that costs as much as a house any more affordable to the common person . 
  if you can shell out 70.000 $ -100.000 $ for a car gas likely is n't a worry for you to begin with . 
  i think he refers to the price of the car . 
  most people would n't be able to afford the high base price of a model s. 
   bucky / scotch for an snp seat i do wonder : is it a good or a bad drinking game if you land in the hospital in the end ? 
  where do you live , if i may ask ? 
  the german pirate party is pretty left leaning in general , but rather chaotic , with some people focussing on the parties core issues such as copyright and others going full left wing , which has not made them fare well in recent times . 
  just because the government builds housing , it does not necessarily mean that they have to be ugly commieblocks nobody wants to live in . 
  vienna has affordable housing projects that are attractive and geared to both the lower and middle classes . 
  considering the dire housing situation in parts of the uk , it would seem like the country could very much use similar initiatives . 
  not like that 'll happen anytime soon with their current government . 
  who said anything about letting those go free ? 
  the system is quite strict with who is allowed to go into the open prisons and they can quickly revoke that right for a number of reasons . 
  in germany , we use open prisons alongside closed prisons to allow some prisoners who are on good behaviour to reintegrate into normal life by contributing to society in a productive manner e.g by taking up a job . 
  i think it makes sense if the intention of your prison system is rehabilitation and not mere punishment , or the generation of profits for certain industries ( i 'm looking at you , america ) . 
  after all , the people can still get locked away 24/7 if they violate the conditions of the open prison . 
  it makes sense if you want to rehabilitate people who have not committed terrible crimes . 
  open prisons are n't a concept exclusive to greenland ; [ the uk has places like this too . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/open_prison ) a significant percentage of prisoners in germany also currently serve their time this way . 
  germany is an economic world power . 
  most countries would want to maintain a large embassy in berlin . 
  this is exactly how the bus stop in front of my apartment looks like if there is anyone standing in the cabin . 
  i quite enjoyed reading your comment and fully agree with the assesments made , particularly about the cultural differences between the uk and germany . 
  as a german with mixed ( german/somali ) racial origin that is easily mistaken for an african immigrant on account of looks alone , i find the general attitude of saying that `` it 's not their culture/religion '' , which is very present in the media and public , to be very worrying and non-conductive for solving the issues with the sudden influx of refugees , as well as our already existing ethnic minorities . 
  to be honest , i am quite afraid of the changing social climate within german society stemming from the events of this and the last year . 
  it really does n't take much to see that men in islamic countries like egypt , syria or even turkey , where most of our immigrants come from , tend to view women in a way that is very much incompatible with the values of a western democracy like germany . 
  what will people think if they see them behaving like they did in cologne , and people in the media absolving the north african background of the attackers of any responsibility for the attacks ? 
  will they think that they and their friends could 've done the same thing on a drunk night out ? 
  * it is only playing in the cards of right-wing rabble rousers to not acknowledge an existing problem , as it reaffirms their conviction that the media is lying and that everyone is out to get them . 
  in my opinion , this is how we get more burning asylum seeker housing and violence against people of colour . 
  problems like this ca n't be solved without acknowledgement and open discussion first , and up until now , there has been very little of it . 
  we really should n't leave this playing field to the racists because we are afraid . 
  pretending that different cultures are not a problem further alienates everyone that experiences or sees that this is not true , which in turn alienates minorities who are now held in even more contempt . 
  personally , i do n't want to live in a germany where people behave in such a disrespectful way towards women and other people in general , nor do i want to experience the backlash this will inevitably create if ignored . 
  integration and assimiliation can only take place through acceptance , and i think we are not too far from loosing it with a large part of the population . 
  this thread itself is a good example of that . 
  * : while i know that sexual harassment is n't unique to some cultures , i would argue that the view of women in a society or persons culture at large has a large influence on how likely someone is to act out such an offence . 
  never heard of it , but i 'm certain it 's on tv here somewhere . 
  i simply do n't watch tv around the holidays and do n't really like classical music . 
  i 'm really living up to the stereotype , hm ? 
  str\u00f6bele is a good example as well though . 
  uhhhh . . no ?
