  you had mostly germans living there . 
  forcing people to leave their home is never good and should be avoided if possible , having it revert back to it 's status between the wars ( it was independent during that time ) would have been acceptable too though . 
  it used to have a german majority . 
  i do n't think todays germans are resentful for this anymore . 
  the vast majority of us is too young to care and asking for poland to return these territories would be very controversial anyways , as we are very sensitive in regards to anything relating to ww2 . 
  my grandma used to live in danzig ( gdansk ) and she is definitely resentful for being forced to leave her homeland , but she is 82 years old so that generation is going to die out very soon . 
  i definitely think we should have kept the parts of germany that were majority german , but our country was in a * very * bad position to negotiate after world war 2 . 
  after the iron curtain was lifted again you had new people calling these regions their homeland , that saw themselves as part of the country that emerged from the soviet union . 
  i do not believe you can ask these people to experience the same things my grandmothers family had to experience nowadays . 
  having them be part of a country where they would be a minority would also not be a good solution . 
  most people here would probably agree with this and the people that are seriously demanding to reclaim old german territories are mostly neo-nazis that do not care about the points i mentioned . 
  i think the loyalty also depends on what country the exclave belongs to . 
  of course the people on the falklands would rather be a part of the uk , instead of being part of a poorer , more corrupt south american state . 
  britains exclaves are loyal to britain , because belonging to britain usually means getting lot of advantages that they would n't have if they would belong to the states that are claiming them . 
  i have no idea how the people in kaliningrad feel about russia , but being a part of russia is definitely not as good as being a part of britain , imo . 
  can someone ban this troll already ? 
  oh yeah , i forgot about the tabloids . 
  i was pretty oblivious to that , as i do not read them and most people i know either avoid them too or do not read that section of them . 
  it 's probably hit or miss then . 
  some people will probably know all the new rumous and talk about the royals , while others will have no idea . 
  we are not learning in school about it though . 
  no , that 's actually something i did n't know . 
  to be fair , germans do not really care too much about royals in general . 
  that does n't look like speeding to me . 
  i do n't really remember learning anything about sweden in school except for its location on the map and its capital . 
  people know about ikea and volvo , but that 's it mostly . 
  we also learned about the australian ones in english class a few years ago . 
  do you remember which book you used for that ? 
  i remember that we did it because our textbook had one chapter about australia . 
  the way data was collected probably skewed the results very heavily in this case . 
  i 'd link you to the thread of the original post that was posted on / r/dataisbeautiful this week , but i 'm on my phone right now . 
  tesla started in the us . 
  i do n't think they 'll have problems expanding into any european market because of large distances . 
  you forgot about [ this serbian classic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-sdet31ca8 ) . 
  you ca n't really take a wrong turn when it comes to finding nice scenery in ireland . 
  the large amount of svoboda flags in the crowd is worrying . 
  it 's just replacing one evil with another if they get in power . 
  the law is mostly working for persons that are not of public interest , i have to agree that it is not effective in cases like this though . 
  have you ever been to southern europe ? 
   job  in spain are you sure you are looking in the right place ? 
  then your english teacher was an idiot . 
   anti-intellectualism ? 
  group think ? 
  obedience towards authority figures ? 
  indoctrination by teachers ? 
  lack of self-reliance ? 
  lack of freedom ? 
  unhappiness ? 
  that 's pretty much what these religious nuts were probably intending to teach to their kids . 
  most german artists/bands that are popular here either sing in german ( making it only popular in germany ) or play something that is not part of the mainstream ( making it only popular among people that are into that particular genre ) . 
  the lack of international success for german music could therefore be related to germans not being as fond of english as people from other countries ( like sweden ) are and the german language being perceived as angry and blunt . 
  are you trolling ? 
  i am not entirely sure to be honest . 
  the sidebar rules only disallow x-posting and mentioning it in comment threads . 
  was n't romania the country where they purposely made it very hard to found a political party and participate in elections ? 
  my part of germany got most of its history bombed away in ww2 , the biggest city in the region is now an ugly grey mass : /, 
  i am probably going to vote for the pirate party . 
  i would otherwise tend towards the pes ( represented by the spd on the german side ) , but i do not trust the representatives of the bigger parties not to jump ship , when it comes to protecting european citizens from dangerous agreements like acta that threaten their privacy and freedoms . 
  berlin is a pretty good place to go to for general german history . 
  from what i 've heard the deutsches historisches museum really has a lot of stuff , i 'm definitely checking it out if i get to visit berlin this year . 
  did the truck driver get some kind of a settlement out of that ? 
  that sounds like a really unprofessional thing for the police to do and turkish prisons are not known to be a good place to spend christmas at , especially if it 's not your fault . 
   but i assumed it would be much harder for foreigners to even recognise it 's a loire castle absolutely . 
  i thought that was in austria and lost a lot of points on that wrong guess . 
  just take some golden dawn supporters and their political counterparts , give them spears and shields , put them in an arena and you got your hoplite fights . 
  well . . fuck those people . 
  wow . 
  skip to 1:36 on the first video . . what 's wrong with these policemen ? 
  we usually view poland and all countries behind the former iron curtain as an eastern european countries in germany . 
  i do know that there are varying definitions of eastern europe though , some including poland and some not . 
  this looks a lot less crowded , friendlier and more civilized than the masses in the video i posted , but it 's pretty well known that eastern europeans are even more into pc gaming than the rest of europe . 
  the media likes to report about neo nazis in germany , simply because news about nazis taking over germany again usually get them more readers than reporting about similar groups in other european countries . 
  their actual numbers are comparably low , i 've never seen a single one while living in rural western germany , the only place where i 'd be afraid of them would be some towns in eastern germany , but that 's a rather sparsely settled region . 
  also every time they hold a demonstration anywhere , it 's usually a small bunch of nazis ( 100-300 ) that is severely outnumbered by both the police that has to protect them and the counter protesters . 
  compare that with the thousands of far right extremists that usually show up for the polish independence day . 
  looking at the [ voting results ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/ergebnisse_der_bundestagswahlen ) in germany , anti semitic and racist parties ( at the moment the npd is the only notable ) are very far behind both their european counterparts and other german parties . 
  of all european countries , i 'd put germany pretty far down the list when it comes to the relative size of our neo nazi movements and antisemitic views in society . 
  we do put a heavy emphasis on events like the holocaust not happening again and did learn a lesson from 1933-45 , at least in my opinion . 
  that was supposed to be a joke ? 
  damn , we germans are really living up to the stereotypes here . 
  this screams for someone to do a face-swap . 
  i might be inclined to agree with fn or pvv not being far-right , but rather right-populist parties . 
  jobbik however is definitely on the far-right side of the political spectrum . 
  just look at the way their supporters appear ( e.g the hungarian guard ) or how anti-semitic and racist their politicians/members are , you can not possibly put these people on the same level as the likes of geert wilders and his pvv . 
  was n't the minimum age 21 ? 
  if i am wrong i missed out on a lot of opportunities when i last visited stockholm . 
  wow . 
  malta really appears to be lagging behind quite a bit in regards to the emancipation of women when compared to the rest of europe . 
  it 's great to see my favourite country in the eu recovering from the financial crisis . 
  lets hope it works out for the other bailout states too . 
  they could have thought of a better place to put the refugees to . 
  rural eastern germany is not exactly known to be very welcoming towards foreigners , nor does it offer much perspective in terms of jobs with some of the highest unemployment rates in the country . 
  it wo n't suffice in the rural parts of germany for sure , he should probably not bother trying to survive with that money anywhere in western or northern europe . 
  this reads hilarious if you 're german , like a very informal , colloquial version of the german title with some strange words mixed in . 
  there are most likely not enough people living here to make it financially viable , i am always astonished by the quality of public transportation in bigger cities ( the stockholm metro was great ) and would love to have something of similar quality over here . 
  instead we get busses and trains that stop driving at 9 am in the evening . 
  it is pretty obvious that you are from a very flat place . 
  where i live there are lots of hills and the public transportation is overpriced and shitty , so i do n't really see any viable alternatives to a car unless i like waiting 2 hours for the next bus that gets me home . 
  they are not providing a better service but a different one . 
  banks store your money , handle your investments and give you loans among other things .
