  when i drove through there this year , it did n't take me long to see the first menacing looking neo-nazi walking around , not to mention all the npd posters you could see on lamp posts . 
  as someone of mixed race myself , this kind of stuff can be very unsettling and i would n't feel safe at night or even at day in a places like that . 
  many immigrants probably feel the same way and would rather move to a place where they can feel safe and actually have opportunities . 
  edit : also the higher rates of anti semitism in western germany are most likely coming from immigrants themselves . 
  if you 've seen pictures or videos of the recent anti israel protests across the country the people in the crowds were quite obviously of arab or turkish origin . 
  berlin is the exception . 
  half of it was already part of the frg ( `` western '' germany ) before reunification and that 's where all the immigrant communities are . 
  have you been to the siegerland yet ? 
  i live in a rather small town as well and there 's so many active and practising religious people in my grade , i would n't be able to tell you the exact number . 
  we even have creationists and crazy evangelicals of the american variant here . 
  eastern germany is not the place where immigrants go to . 
  unemployment is pretty high and the people are rather xenophobic compared to western germany . 
  and since they are pretty young you also have to factor in the chance to get free high quality education up to university level , for a poor indian boy , having access to opportunities like this is probably a once in a lifetime chance . 
  even as a german i envy danes for their modern , extremely well equipped schools and the generous funding for young people going to university , imagine how it must look like from an indians perspective . 
  oh yeah , i did n't think about that . 
  they 're probably headed for the uk then , there 's not many indians in other parts of europe . 
  getting over there could prove to be quite a challenge . 
  they 'd probably like italy or romania even less then , it does n't get any better for immigrants than scandinavia . 
  i 'm also fairly certain that there are many immigrants who have integrated into danish society and live a perfectly happy life , denmark is a great place to live , especially compared to the war and poverty ridden home countries of many refugees . 
  why would illegal immigrants in europe want to leave denmark ? 
  of all countries in europe denmark is the kind most of the refugees/immigrants detained in camps in italy or greece probably dream of . 
  as a german i find this thread very interesting , it 's kind of hard to understand how a whole country can get so excited about being mentioned in foreign media . 
  do n't worry , we like you over here in germany . 
       this guy never drove . 
  if he did , he would know that commuting by driving is primarily about enjoying the speed which is hard even by current speed limits . 
  therefore , drivers accelerate and brake hard precisely to enjoy at least some acceleration and deceleration , some dynamic . 
  a 30 km/h / 20 mph speed limit makes it worse - driving at it is so boring that everybody who enjoys driving - and those who not usually take the public transport - makes sure to make it a game to accelerate to this speed as fast as possible . 
  that is a huge generalisation . 
  i do n't believe that most car commuters do so just because they enjoy accelerating . 
  there are many different reasons for choosing to commute by car , like being independent from public transport , sitting in a comfortable car instead of an overcrowded metro or having to go to places that are not very good to reach by public transport . 
  if anything , low speed limits like this will lead to a lot more speeding tickets because people do n't want to drive that slow , but i really do n't believe that a majority of car commuters finds stop and go traffic in cities anything but annoying . 
  i would only support it if the people within the proposed borders of an independent afrikaner state would support it with a democratic majority . 
  if this is not the case , the afrikaners would have ( in my opinion ) no right whatsoever to impose it on the local population against their will in order to preserve their culture and would have to find other ways to do so . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've seen him posting around / r/ireland quite often . 
  at least they found it out themselves . 
  our government needs snowden to inform them and they still do nothing about it . 
  unfortunately we only covered very few topics about the middle ages ( the printing press , the class system and the bad living conditions ) during my education , so there 's not much to misrepresent there . 
  viewing religion critically especially in the context of the middle ages is good in my opinion though , the church really did a lot of terrible things during that time . 
  i do n't remember anything being misrepresented during my history lessons . 
  that might have to do with our history and view on nationalism , as most of the other posts are related to nationalism which is seen as bad in germany . 
  consequently , our history books do not glorify anything and are usually pretty balanced and critical , especially of ourselves . 
  what region do swedes refer to when saying west coast , skane ? 
  seems like my corner of nrw got lucky . . the worst we got was 10 minutes of pretty strong wind , not even rain . 
  why should non smokers be the ones going to a separate room ? 
  i 'm fine with smokers having their own room to fill with their smoke , but i see no reason for everyone else to move away from the main room to accomodate them . 
  you do n't see what 's wrong with that ? 
  try finding pubs where you ca n't smoke outside of big cities . 
  if businesses have the choice to restrict a certain group of customers they are under economical pressure not do do so , especially with a large group like smokers . 
  i enjoy going to local concerts at pubs/small venues to enjoy the music , drink something and have fun , but having to put up with the constant , disgusting and unhealthy smell of cigarettes every time ( and having it in your clothes afterwards ) just because assholes like you refuse to go outside for a minute to follow up on their addictions is frustrating . 
  you either discriminate against non smokers by smoking up a vast amount of public venues with that terrible smell or discriminate against smokers ( who can still smoke outside and then go inside again ) by banning them from doing so there . 
  to me that decision is a no-brainer . 
  why should n't they try to reduce the amount of future smokers ? 
  it 's not like they 're banning those already addicted to cigarettes from buying them . 
  i do n't see anything positive in giving money to a shitty industry while polluting the enviroment and affecting everyone around you in a negative way just to satisfy your addiction , so you might as well try to work towards a future where this is not common anymore by discouraging younger people from becoming addicted to nicotine . 
  the song / u/countvontroll linked is based on the ss song `` ss marschiert ins feindesland '' if anyone 's curious . 
  i 'm surprised that france of all nations uses songs/melodies with nazi origins as marching songs . 
   i thought the french fries were a must in a kebab ... not that i eat much anyway . 
  i must remember this for the next time some italian complains about northern europeans eating pasta with ketchup . 
  / r/dataisdepressing, 
  that would be too funny because parties like front national are actually friends of the kremlin . 
  the eu is not ukraine and i 'd doubt that putin would attack the very people he is supporting . 
  we really should n't tell them about mecklenburg-vorpommern then . 
  considering all the other smaller parties that got seats because the treshold was dropped , i believe that this was a price worth paying . 
  you 'd also expect that leftists would not be supportive of a leader like putin . 
  apparently , the conflict in ukraine is not running along the lines of left/right as it is dividing both leftists and right wingers . 
  there is plenty of support for putin from many nationalists all over europe . 
  that 's only the kremlin supporters on the left . 
  strangely many right wingers ( not only from germany ) are also very supportive of russia . 
  to be fair , with our voting system these splits actually do make sense . 
  nowadays the party that split off ( die linke ) is significantly different from the social democrats and is represented in our parliament with 64 seats . 
  the only issue with the split we have now is that the social democrats are more likely to work together in a coalition with the conservatives than they are with the left , which is quite annoying if you prefer a left leaning government and the only thing stopping it are the social democrats . 
  it wo n't happen in germany though , as the social democratic party ( which martin schulz is part of ) had a split some time ago and how has quite a few voters less than the conservatives . 
  [ polls expect his party \\ ( spd \\ ) to get about 10 % less in votes than the conservative cdu . 
  wtf is that first video ? 
  is this seriously a part of the election campaign of the local cdu there ? 
  i can imagine she will not be mourned with a record like that . 
  i recognise that as the flag of prussia during national socialism . 
  sure thing mate . 
  anti discrimination laws are totally not okay because having to sell a drink to someone you do n't like in your publicly accessible establishment is literally the same thing as being forced to prostitute yourself to that person / s how detached from reality are you exactly ? 
  as abhorrent as their ideologies are , those are some really epic looking symbols . 
  you know that there 's a difference between a public space and someones body ? 
  there are different shades of everything . 
  thinking in absolutes especially in regards to private property is a dangerous and rather naive thing to do . 
   for those who 've read the discworld novels , italy is literally ankh-morpork blown up to country size , minus vetinari . 
  i just want to say that i love that analogy . 
  wait , you did n't have to pay for water and had no postcodes ? 
  how does that work ? 
  at least you will have someone from the police to visit you . 
  i really do n't understand the video , what is so hard about the pronounciation of the word that bothers my fellow german speakers in the video ? 
  it might have to do with the accent of the region i live in , but i have no problems with the word . 
   how do such people end up in germany ? 
  wikipedia says that he was born here , to a german mother even . 
  the article also says he converted to islam later in life , so his parents were not the source of the extremist influences . 
  i am very curious myself as to what exactly drives people to convert to radical islam , these salafist groups are quite small here , but have the potential to cause trouble nonetheless . 
  he does have a german mother and was born in berlin , so he is definitely a german . 
  unfortunately , people of all backgrounds can get drawn into religious extremism , even if they did n't grow up with the religion or associated cultures . 
  and nothing of value was lost . 
  it 's probably for the best if these lunatics do n't come back to our countries alive after the war . 
  the best thing is many of the modding teams are continuing their work for skyrim now . 
  have you played adash : stadt der magie as well ?
