  i ca n't wait for the follow-up for that one . 
  the german modding community produces a lot of good mods . 
  i remember playing a vast amount of high quality german mods a few years ago on oblivion . 
  i was confused for a second ( i know that they have quite a few people in the d\u00e1il and seanad ) until i realised you were talking about the european parliament . 
  what about sinn f\u00e9in ? 
  that 's just the german term for it and no , there is nothing like this to be found in my part of germany . 
  edit : seems like you can get them at the next ikea and one single cafe in the nearby city . 
  cinnamon rolls from scandinavia . 
  if they would sell this stuff in my part of germany i 'd be overweight by now . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i think it 's safe to assume that condoms are cheaper than abortions by a huge margin . 
  what the fuck is up with eastern europe ? 
  do they know how to use condoms ? 
  that 's why we have labor laws . 
  this american mindset of having to work overtime without being compensated in order to appease your boss and having to be available in your free time as an average white collar worker is significantly less common across many european countries . 
  regularly answering phone calls and mails from work at home/on holiday is something i 'd expect from someone in a leading position , not your average employee . 
  most private microsoft office users would not either , i assume . 
  giving free electricity to the other half of the island for * 30 years * , just to assert that your government is the legitimate one . . you 'd expect people to be a bit more pragmatic after some time . 
  westphalia is pretty large , you know . 
  the siegerland is in the very south of westphalia and we have [ lots of hills ] ( http://www.derwesten.de/img/incoming/crop6943097/3788503894-cimg0273_543-w656-h240/nebel-berge-siegerland-landschaft-feature-656x240.jpg ) . 
  i drive up and down 2 hills just on my 15 minute commute to school . 
   whenever somebody asks me why i do n't like my hometown , that 's the example i give ... at least they removed the damn siegplatte now . 
  only a siegerl\u00e4nder would think it 's a good idea to cover up the river going through the inner city with a parking lot . 
   germany 's third-worst large city to cycle in !, 
  that does n't surprise me one bit . 
  they even had a parking lot placed on a plate over the city 's main river until very recently , but no bikelanes or places to put your bike in sight anywhere in town . 
  cycling in this region can get quite scary either for you or the pedestrians . 
  haha , yes i 'm from the siegerland . 
  i do n't live in siegen directly but the situation is just as bad in the surrounding towns . 
  try coming to my area . 
  even the local university is located on a goddamn hill . 
  i have only ever seen one person using his bike to commute to work here because nobody is going to give up his car for a bike unless you find a way to flatten all those hills . 
  not every country or place is as great and accomodating for bikes as the netherlands . 
  he payed 94 $ for the flight . 
  you ca n't really expect too much with such a price and i do n't think op would have liked to pay extra for a nicer meal on a 2 hour flight . 
  who cares about details when you can have clay ? 
  surely there must be some old woman left there that we can shove in front of the cameras . 
  those leopards are definitely part of our green energy program . 
  maybe we should go there claiming to protect the german minority , we have some experience with those kind of things . 
  i was surprised until i read the name of the politician . 
  it 's not really news coming from geert wilders . 
  the news from zdf and ard are much better than anything on private television in germany . 
  estonia seems to be one of the few european countries with a competent leadership in regards to the use of modern technologies . 
  other leaderships should follow the estonian model . 
  i usually associate belgium with beer , fries and the european union . 
  that sounds like a very modern and progressive system . 
  where do you live ? 
  svoboda is associating with fascist parties like the german npd on an international level . 
  this is the german party that had ties to the right wing terrorists that murdered several people during the last decade , it is also the party that has had one third of it 's functionaries previously convicted for crimes like assault or disturbing the peace . 
  one of their leaders is also openly anti semitic and called our state a jew republic , among other things . 
  i do not believe any reputable and serious democrat can associate with criminals like this without losing his credibility . 
   i 'm clueless as to why so many young people keep studying stuff that 's so useless , while there are so many companies crying out for skilled workers . 
  it 's not like everyone would be able to actually complete a degree in a stem field , it 's really important to have a grasp on your subject if you want to have that kind of degree . 
  it 's not like the rate of people who drop out is n't already high enough in these fields . 
  i am considering studying political science and i can almost definitely guarantee you , that i would fail miserably at attaining any kind of stem degree . 
  you lucky bastards . 
  yeah , as long as streaming is more convenient than any legal alternative , people are going to go for it . 
  the creators of services like steam and spotify have already realised this , maybe it will catch on to the film industry as well , just give us netflix goddamnit . 
   if they show it one week after it airs in the us then it 's probably always the english version . 
  and sky.go usually has it online 12-24h after it airs in the us ( which in my opinion is still too late ) . 
  they did not show the english versions on the normal sky channels over here as far as i know . 
  and yeah , most people here are not at all willing to pay prices like this for television . 
  i 'd pay for netflix or would watch the original with some commercials , but we get none of that here . 
  yeah . 
  even the paytv channels only show the dubbed versions of series like the walking dead one week after they aired in the us . 
  if there was a legal way of watching the series in english when it airs in the us i would definitely watch that . 
  this was long overdue . 
   berlusconi 's supporters think it 's unlikely that the former premier will campaign for another eu member state . 
  these people must be self aware enough to know that they are the only ones that are stupid enough to vote for this guy . 
       employees have a say , what are you talking about ? 
  if they are treated badly , they will leave . 
  if their company is run poorly , they can start up their own and take over the market in that area . 
  they can unionize and band together that way . 
  consumers can choose to shop wherever they want . 
  if enough people stopped shopping at walmart , it would fail . 
  if enough people stopped buying burgers at mcdonalds , they would fail . 
  this is the most idealistic and absurd claim i 've read all day , i do n't even know why libertarians and ancaps continue to discredit themselves with ridiculous assumptions like these . 
  do you really believe that workers would dare to form a union when their employer can fire them any time ? 
  do you actually think the majority of costumers knows or cares enough about working conditions in a company to stop giving them money , even when they ca n't afford to go to their competitor who pays fair wages ? 
  i do n't even need to make up examples to disprove claims like these , just look at the behaviour of walmart customers today and tell me how severely the company has been punished by the customers for their bad practices . 
  the only thing that has power in your vision of society is capital , employees and the average customer can do fuck all against employers and corporations if the latter are free to do as they please . 
  competition is not only about efficiency , but also about capital . 
  i ca n't just compete against a large corporation , because they can afford to undercut me severely before i even manage to grow the business any bigger . 
  if it were n't for the state , workers would still be in the same situation as in the beginning of the industrial revolution . 
  the financial elite and corporations are lobbying for a smaller state and less regulations for a reason . 
  they want the state to stop giving those with small financial means more power against them , they want to return to the times of unrestricted capitalism because they were the only ones profiting from it . 
       calling them legitimate because they are democratic is an argumentum ad populum . 
  that 's not a rehearsed argument , that 's a fact . 
  he is not calling them absolutely legitimate . 
  he is just saying that a decision made through democracy is most likely to be more legitimate than a decision made by a small , wealthy elite . 
  there are no perfect solutions to every problem . 
  i must have been very lucky when i last visited stockholm then . 
  i was definitely in some tourist areas ( gamla stan , various museums , etc. ), 
  and do n't remember seeing any beggars there . 
   i do not think there are significantly more people in switzerland who identifiy themselves with the right-wing than in other countries . 
  what about all the votes for the svp ? 
  they are getting over 25 % of the votes in your country , which is about 5 times as much as much as any right-wing party in germany gets together and makes them the strongest party in your country . 
  what i wanted to say is that since the danzig and the whole region ( western prussia ) were mostly inhabited by germans at the time , it would have made sense to leave the people there and let the region be a part of germany , instead of killing and displacing more people even though the war has already ended . 
  i personally think keeping the peace and preventing suffering is more important than nationalist claims and political power-play , which is why i believe both that prussia should have remained within germany after ww2 and that it should remain with poland now . 
  i was talking about after the war , when the allies were dividing germany .
