this is the song that got me started on irish folk . 
  heard it first when i watched the sherlock holmes movie that was in cinemas in 2009 . 
  this reaaally depends on the situation you are in . 
  if it 's anything work related you better show up 5 minutes early or with a good excuse , but in more casual situations especially with younger people even germans are relatively relaxed about punctuality . 
  i remember showing up 20 minutes late ( of course i wrote him a message that i would come later ) at a friends place to hang out and that was no problem , another time i was there on time and they were still out getting food , not a problem either . 
  good . 
  the way these fascists behaved reminded me of politics in weimar germany . 
  most people on this sub are aware of the hypocrisy in the things putin and the kremlin are saying in recent times . 
  i do n't think it is harmful at all if people post their shenanigans here so we can laugh at it and point out the hypocrisy in the comments . 
  he probably prefers driving his country into ruins to ending up like ghadaffi . 
  even if it is only a plan , the idea itself that each generation needs to pay its own costs is miles ahead of the german system in terms of sustainability , foresight and fairness , where the currently working generations have to pay for the retired generations pensions . 
  this will be a terrible burden for my generation , because our parents generation is a lot bigger than ours and all generations after us . 
  we can not pay for the pensions of a generation so much larger than us . 
  as a young person living in germany this makes me want to move . 
  our pension system is fucking the younger generations over and politicians only make it worse by giving the older generations `` wahlgeschenke '' ( election gifts ) that we have to pay for later on . 
  luckily those people are unknown or ignored by a majority of germans . 
  the descriptions make it sound like all the parties you can realistically vote for are shit . 
  op is a submitter to / r/whiterights , / r/greatapes and / r/conspiracy . 
  they are expanding their infrastructure along the autobahn routes and even my quite unknown rural region has a charging station along the autobahn , but i 've only ever seen one model s in the wild here . 
  i think there are n't enough tax incentives for people to buy a fully electric car , this new law is n't going to help with that . 
  this should n't be a reason to be happy in my opinion . 
  the minimum range a car needs to be able to drive on electricity to qualify for these new incentives is really low due to pressure from our automobile industry , so now heavy luxury hybrids who can barely drive 40 km without gas can drive in the bus lane and get better parking , which absolutely defeats the purpose of a law like this . 
  it 's basically a bunch of extra priviliges for rich people with their hybrid bmw 7 series and the like . 
  they do n't have a large russian minority unlike estonia and latvia . 
   but it 's unintelligible for german speakers . 
  yes . 
  and this is also why i usually enjoy the original tone more ( except for cases like this ) . 
  people who watch dubbed movies and shows usually miss out on so many different accents and wordplays . 
  edit : but does n't oberst klink have a saxon accent ? 
  are you taking the piss or do they seriously do irish voiceover on some movies and shows ? 
  i 'd second this . 
  if not for the view gliders are great fun for themselves . 
  i do n't see any reason to give these fools even more publicity than they already have . 
  from the video they uploaded it seems like they are nothing more than an annoying bunch of street preachers that call themselves police , simply calling the real police on them would likely suffice to deal with the issue . 
  but no , of course this has to be all over the media and politics so now everyone knows about them , which is exactly what they wanted . 
  they even said it was a publicity stunt . 
  is it impossible to not give stupid provocations and stunts the reactions they try to gauge ? 
  we do n't give the stupid actions from our neo nazi parties the reactions they desire either and that seems to work . 
  is there any kind of story behind that joke ? 
  so the fp\u00d6 is set to become the strongest party if they do n't have a major fuck-up until the next elections ? 
  that 's scary . 
  there 's a lot of sports , game and entertaiment related subreddits that have a surprisingly high amount of subscribers in the three digit range . 
  i think it 's 18 + for beer and 21 + for hard liquor in ireland too , the pub owners there just do n't give a damn about those laws in my experience . 
  only people who have white skin can be born europeans , duh . 
  everyone else is obviously a filthy foreigner . 
  i live in a smallish town ( ~ 13k ) in rural north rhine westphalia , germany . 
  even the poorest people usually have cars here because public transport absolutely sucks , you ca n't even do your grocery shopping without one most of the time . 
  the only thing that i used to use public transport for was getting to school , but even that sucked and was only tolerable because i go to school in the same town . 
  if you live anywhere else and go to school here it 's not unlikely that you 'll waste a lot of hours waiting for and/or sitting in busses . 
  many young people ( including me ) try to get their own vehicle as soon as possible , so motorised scooters ( which are age 15 + ) are pretty common , just like starting with your driving license as soon as you can . 
  i 'm really happy that i have my driving license and access to a car now , makes life a lot more interesting . 
  the biggest city in the area has about 100.000 inhabitants and if you 're going to university there you 'll likely be able to get there by bus , although students there complain about them a lot . 
  still , if i had a job there and would live in the city i would probably want to have a car anyways , i remember someone else on here calling it the most car centric city in germany and i think that 's pretty accurate . 
  most bigger cities are perfectly fine though . 
  finding parking space in berlin was such a hassle and everything was so easy to reach without a car , that i would n't think twice about not having a car if i 'd live there . 
  i think a more sensible solution would be to make it mandatory for supermarkets to hand over leftovers if a charity demands it , that way this will not put as much burden on everyone . 
   if i own a supermarket and want to burn the leftover apples because i enjoy the smell , i should be able to do so . 
  the only thing people like that should be allowed to is to go fuck themselves and find another country . 
  if someone wants to purposefully waste food to maximize profits ( thereby doing damage to not only society but also the enviroment ) he should not have the right to do whatever he wants with the leftovers . 
  as a german who visited dublin two years ago , the gpo was a lot easier to find since it 's right in the city center and not out of the way for someone with a limited amount of time who wanted to see other places too . 
  ca n't anyone give the address to the edl or something ? 
  they 're idiots too but that 's pretty much the only way for them to be useful once . 
  but there is flair for iceland ? 
  just look again . 
  it 's definitely coming from the nationalists , going by the design at least . 
  note the triskelion and green colour on the window on the right side opposed to the window on the left . 
  i think they 're protesting the bigotry from the `` other side '' while at the same time celebrating that they themselves are fighting racism . 
  they really do that ? 
  that 's almost stereotypically german . 
  i 'm not a swede , but the band garmarna has some beautiful renditions of swedish folk songs . 
  i 'm not sure how well known they are , but i really like [ herr mannelig ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwy6gmyggji ) and [ den borts\u00e5lda ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7j9htcl3khs ), 
   [ the rocky road to dublin ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtekuwrpuwg ) : this is a fast and lively song , performed her by luke kelly from the dubliners . 
  i really love this one , it 's the song that got me into irish folk a few years ago . 
  i enjoy drinking whiskey , cider and schnapps . 
  beer is not my thing though , please do n't revoke my german citizenship . 
   they still followed their own customs , they still ate kosher , they still bathed in those bathing-houses of theirs , they still did n't follow the popular festivals but their own . 
  come on , now you 're just being ignorant . 
  these things obviously have to do with their religious beliefs . 
  there are two kinds of right wingers on the fringe of the european political spectrum nowadays . 
  there 's those that are mainly against muslims/immigration . 
  they tend to be slightly more moderate and bourgeouis ( it 's people like geert wilders and his pvv ) and very much in favour of israel . 
  the other kind are the neo nazis and fascists who are more radical and tend to hate everything foreign from immigrants to gypsies and jews , these are represented by parties like the german npd , jobbik or golden dawn . 
  they were probably pandering to the former with this campaign and this pretty much hits the nail on the head , you could easily repurpose these posters as pvv or pro-nrw election posters . 
  i ca n't believe this kind of dumb right wing propaganda is coming from the israeli embassy . 
  as official representatives of their country they really ought to be above the mobs shouting things like `` jews out '' or `` down with israel '' , but they 're pretty much getting on the same level with them . 
  i would say that it will take quite a few generations for that to realistically happen . 
  i was born in germany , speak german as native language , have a german mother and spent my whole life here growing up in a german household , but i still have a hard time getting people to view me as german first due to being of mixed race , one person would even insist that i am not german even after arguing back and forth with him . 
  our concept of nationality is still so closely tied to race that even people born here , who are german by almost all definitions but race feel excluded sometimes and that 's probably going to take a long time to change , as this kind of view is prevalent even among certain immigrant communities . 
  by following the american example , both our governments and our people have a lot to learn from you in regards to handling immigration . 
  the usa show that there is an effective way of dealing with immigration of this scale , that 's what i meant to say . 
  why does an american have to ask this ? 
  just look at italian americans or any of the other assimilated immigrant groups in your country . 
  all these arabs and turks protesting really do a good job making themselves and their cause look bad in the eyes of the public . 
  i do believe that what israel is doing in palestine is wrong , but i can only dislike these people and their hate filled protests , not to mention that shouting religious verses is excluding non-muslims from their group . 
  they are also active in germany , just like the hells angels . 
  many american bike gangs are active in europe , seemingly . 
  so basically anything you do n't like is bad for democracy ? 
  to be fair , scientologists do n't deserve to be treated with the same respect as a religious group . 
  it 's an abusive cult and it 's followers should be treated as victims . 
  yeah , but the presence of neo nazis is quite visible in eastern germany in comparison to western germany and those are the most dangerous types .
