in australia we call `` paprika '' capsicum . 
  no , how did you interpret that from my comment ? 
  they were n't really widespread enough in europe to cause an issue before the rise of islamic terrorism . 
  muslim populations in europe have risen , so there are more burqas around , so now it 's time for a rule to be made . 
  but being bald does n't represent that . 
  burqas undeniably represent that description above . 
  that actually looks quite nice . 
  it 's catholic is n't it ? 
  reminds me of the building in slough where the uk office is set . 
  i 'd be interested to go and what it 's like inside though . 
  i was n't offended by the opinion , i do n't give a shit . 
  i was disgusted by people unnecessarily being pricks to a religious fellow in the comments . 
  to recap , you swooped in and tried to gatekeep me out of / r/europe , then i believe you told me off for defending my beliefs that were being made fun of . 
  i ca n't make this shit up , you and the estonian fellow are honestly being ridiculous . 
  that was just a joke . 
  honestly , i 've come to expect * better * reasoning from your kind . 
  i suppose you 're from a country where you do n't need to defend yourself as often , so i ca n't blame you for having blunt arguments . 
  i was going to make a mean remark and then go to bed , but rather , may i ask how many devout christians you know personally , if any ? 
  obviously you live in a country with a very low population of religious people , but the impression i 'm getting is that you 've never even met many of them ; you 've just read about them , or understand that they disagree with you politically , and see that as a threat . 
  if estonia is some ` atheist paradise ' , what have you got to be so bitter about ? 
  it 's called faith , and it 's kind of central to any religious belief . 
  if you could prove it , it would just be part of science . 
  religion has always centred around faith -- do you think the first century christian martyrs did n't have the same doubts people have today ? 
  if you could prove or measure religion , it would literally just be a part of science . 
  it 's called religion specifically because it 's taught and believed , but ca n't be completely , tangibly measured with our worldly understanding . 
  did you expect that scientific principles * would * be relevant to a philosophical debate ? 
  no , believe away . 
   so far you ( and the whole religious bunch in history ) has come up with zero evidence . 
  the discovery of the big bang was actually a pretty big deal for christians and the priest who first observed the expanding universe , because it affirms the abrahamic belief that the universe and our existence had a beginning point , while squarely disproving a whole bunch of eastern religions that believe in infinite or cyclical time . 
  so there 's far from being `` zero evidence '' -- scientific and historical knowledge have been quite agreeable with the basis of christianity ( roman catholicism at least , i ca n't speak for fundamentalism ) , relative to other religions . 
  the fact that it has n't been disproven , when science has disproven other religions , lends it at least a sliver of credibility . 
   the knowledge does . 
  what revelation do we now have that suddenly made an all-powerful deity 's existence any less likely ? 
  okay . 
  i 'm not trying to convince you of anything , i literally just responded to your argument . 
  it 's how discussions usually work ... 
  of course -- the validity of a religion , which is ultimately synonymous with the perceived truth in a religion , comes down to personal belief and faith anyway . 
  but take science for example . 
  just because your science teacher is a right cunt , does n't make his lesson false . 
  obviously it makes him harder to believe and take seriously , but ultimately he 's just transferring what was taught to him by his teachers , which was taught to them by their teachers , and so on until those scientific principles were first discovered by somebody ( who had good intentions ) . 
  is there a known reason for that , or is it related to the religions themselves , e.g. 
  higher discipline in catholicism , more liberalism in lutheranism ? 
  does it align with east german communism , or are there other factors ? 
  do you have a problem with some members of the church in the current era ? 
  because that 's a different argument to the validity of the religion itself , and is not an objective argument ( in other words , if the abuse scandal never happened and the church did n't advocate particular inconvenient moral standards , would the faith suddenly become true ? ) . 
  you concede that the apostles had good intentions , so is that not justification for a belief in the supposed truths they taught , regardless of who is running the show today ? 
   you are clearly too biased and invested into your religion to have a reasonable discussion with , so why bother ? 
  are you listening to yourself ? 
  your point is literally `` you 're wrong '' , nothing more , nothing less . 
  i 've had plenty of decent discussions in the past , and would be happy to have an earnest discussion with you , but with all due respect , you 're not setting a high bar . 
   you tell us that just stating this fact is offending you in some way i 'm curious , in what way is this an objective fact ? 
  i mean , what if ( horror of horrors ! ), 
  a religion were , somehow , actually proven true ? 
  they are supernatural by definition , and are theoretically much larger than the constraints of human reason or logic . 
  arguing that it ca n't be proven by scientific methods does n't really make point against it -- if you could prove god , then god 's existence would just be an accepted part of science anyway , and there would be no need for faith . 
  when we 're talking in that capacity , literally anything imaginable and totally unimaginable could be possible . 
  no , because the cookie monster does exist , as a character in a children 's tv programme . 
  believe away . 
  what 's your point ? 
  when you come out to talk to other people , it 's * generally * a good idea to be reasonably respectful of their beliefs and differences , and not be excessively rude to demeaning to them . 
  i 'm subscribed to / r/europe because i 'm an irish citizen , and i often browse the comments here and on / r/ireland . 
  i like to participate in religious discussions for obvious reasons , and i thought / u/h2ppyme was being unreasonably rude to / u/lectarian . 
  apologies if i 've trespassed in your territory , guardian of the realm . 
  can you give me an official eu regulated list of topics i 'm allowed to talk about here ? 
  i heard that baptism rates are going up in dansk folkekirken . 
  what do you make of that ? 
  if you 're baptised into a church as a baby ( be it catholic , church of england , folkekirken , etc. 
  ) , they do n't record who keeps practicing and who does n't , so you 're included in the membership statistics . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's possible to stop being a member , but there 's not much point unless you live in a country with a church tax and do n't want to pay it . 
  it 's the same at catholic schools in australia and everywhere else . 
  i mean , it 's kind of the point . 
  does n't ireland have a state school system ? 
  here , every state school has a region , and if you live within that local catchment area then they have to give you a place . 
  my girlfriend is japanese and did a working holiday in dresden . 
  she is lutheran ( she became one after living in germany ) , and said that bavaria has more catholics . 
  is there a correlation between religiosity and historically catholic parts of germany ? 
  that does n't explain the modern state of affairs though . 
  czechia was like  90 % roman catholic before communism , but afterwards , only slovakia emerged with strong religious numbers . 
  considering that atheism and deism have been trendy at other times in history , before religion became mainstream again , would you be surprised if christianity grows again in your lifetime ? 
  yeah , the apostles and all the martyrs were such retards !, 
  dying instead of renouncing their saviour . 
  they should 've just got on reddit like me and seen how the world really works . 
  if you have evidence that christianity was a huge scam all along , i 'd be happy to hear it . 
  those apostles sure must 've been committed to making a buck , if they died instead of renouncing it . 
  mate , being a shitcunt about religion on reddit is one of the best known examples of a superiority complex . 
  that 's literally just an opinion of yours . 
  you saying religions are fairytales does n't actually make them false , and the fact that you come from a very irreligious country suggests you were probably raised with a bias anyway . 
  the century that we happen to live in does n't make faith any less justifiable . 
  the integrity of christianity has fared well with scientific advancements , considering other religions have been disproven by the big bang , or by climbing a mountain . 
  right , but love has nothing to do with it . 
  the thing i take issue with is people painting this as a great oppression , and saying marriage is `` unequal '' , because the word under its former definition did n't mean what they would have liked it to mean . 
  it 's not like marriage originally existed in a pure , equal state before someone came and banned gay people from marrying each other . 
  it was never unequal , it was just what the word meant for a very long time . 
  literally any group who wanted marriage to be broadened could make the same arguments of `` inequality '' , and call their cause `` marriage equality '' . 
  the legal framework for a marriage is basically just a contract merging two people 's estates , under a few criteria . 
  family , love , and romance are just dressing we apply to it because of our traditions and emotions . 
  so i 'm kind of reluctant to pay attention to all the emotional outcries made against the evil legal definition of marriage , because there never has been an inequality . 
  there was never an obligation to avail that union to anyone who loves each other , because its legal definition is what it is . 
  i hope you understand the angle i 'm coming from . 
  it does n't matter what you or i think marriage is ; the only definition that matters is that of the law .
