  the latter description is definitely closer to the legal framework that exists . 
  rights are a legal issue , not a subjective emotional one , so a legal marriage is whatever the government says it is , and the scope of people 's right to access that legal contract only goes as far as the law allows . 
  few countries explicitly deny any one group rights to be married , people just want the definition to be broader so it lets them do what they want . 
  there was no oppression , everyone knows this . 
  just a change in definitions . 
  it 's natural , that does n't mean it 's normal . 
  a lot of things we do n't like are also natural . 
  no , it 's stating a fact . 
  nobody could marry people of the same gender . 
  by definition , the `` right to marriage '' has been delivered to everybody equally , within the constraints of its definition ( no more or fewer than two humans , over 18 , consenting , of opposite sexes ) . 
  the assertion that some right was being denied to gay people is just false . 
  the law does n't care who you love , it just has a legal contract for joining two people , under certain criteria . 
   there is no normal . 
  according to biology and evolution , heterosexuality is normal in every sense of the word . 
  the catholic church will never allow it ever , because it 's already firmly ruled out by doctrine , and new doctrine ca n't contradict old doctrine . 
  same applies for divorce , contraception , abortion , etc. 
  people who think francis will `` modernise the church '' know nothing about roman catholicism . 
  he 's already in trouble for implicitly trying to change the church 's teaching on communion for remarried people , which he does n't have the power to do . 
  everyone did have the same access to it . 
  wait until australia wins , and russia loses . 
  why the fuck are we even in a european competition anyway ? 
  or the spirit of modern ireland , depending on which way you want to spin it . 
  what made you think the idea of reclaiming lost land was dead ? 
  have you not heard anything about irish politics in the past fifty years ? 
  i guess danish lawmaking is very secularised , and if you are n't a member of folkekirken then your taxes do n't fund it , so in practice it 's a secular country . 
  but there are few countries in europe that have staunch secularism like what france has , because christianity has obviously been intertwined with many of those societies since their beginnings . 
  irreligiosity and secularism are n't the same thing though . 
  the danish constitution orders the government to maintain the lutheran church . 
  danish lawmaking is probably very secular , but there are few european countries with official secularism . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean ? 
  how many gays have been thrown off roofs by the polish government ? 
  how many infidels has trump beheaded ? 
  how many polish women have been attacked for not covering their hair in public ? 
  are you asking a bulgarian why he has n't served in the u.s. military ? 
   `` the religious '' are a minority in secular denmark denmark has never really been a secular country anyway though . 
  that would have been the law a few hundred years ago . 
  now they have freedom of religion , but the government still maintains the folkekirke . 
  denmark is n't a secular country , so there you go . 
  i know dansk folkeparti have an interest in protecting folkekirken , so that 's probably their motive in voting down the full repeal of those laws , while probably also wanting an amendment to narrow their scope . 
  i was going to say , they should all be in square brackets , because as far as i know we only use them for loan words , like caf\u00e9 , na\u00efve , and doppelg\u00e4nger . 
  but we never carry over \u00d8 for some reason , it 's always translated as `` oe '' . 
  other people are talking about \u00eb , \u00ef , and \u00f6 being used to differentiate between sounds , but i 've never seen that before . 
  i 've never seen that used , ever . 
  my computer puts a red line underneath co\u00f6rdinates . 
  how `` lately '' has it fallen into disuse ? 
  i do n't think anyone fell for it or thought it was n't a pr stunt . 
  but they still agree with the feminist issue being highlighted here . 
  there 's also a different between going to a foreign country and entering a place of worship . 
  the meaning behind it is the problem . 
  it 's not just a fashion item , women are traditionally made to wear it by their husbands or fathers for modesty , so other men wo n't be sexually tempted by them . 
  it 's not a sign of respect , it 's signifying that you are basically the property of another man . 
  that kind of misogyny and rape culture has n't existed in europe or anywhere in the west for centuries , so it should n't be hard to understand why many women take offence by it . 
  are you in rome as a clergyman ? 
  or do you just like the unique flair ? 
  ah , i know ` bibelselskab ' is the danish bible society , so i can guess that this is the atheist society . 
  what does that membership entail ? 
  is it just a nominal status , or do they do activities and things ? 
  your holiness , is that you ? 
  i have n't been keeping up with all of the different candidates . 
  is fillon especially bad or do you just prefer macron ? 
  do you pay the church tax ( i.e. 
  were you baptised in folkekirken ? 
  english-speaking pollsters are wrong , but other pollsters are accurate ? 
  english-speaking media lie a lot , but the rest of the euro media are free from bias ? 
  to be fair , both leave and donald trump had losing odds before their respective polling days . 
  of course there is a lesson to be learnt there in trusting polls , and some people are way too sure of themselves in saying that le pen will lose , but it 's still very hard to determine . 
   even more people dislike her just . 
  those are extremely close margins for someone whom many still call a `` fringe candidate '' . 
  i 'd like to visit northern europe ( particularly denmark and norway ) . 
  what 's there to do in and around aarhus ? 
  collectively blaming a broad group of people \u2260 racism collectively blaming a religion \u2260 racism collectively blaming a political ideology \u2260 racism collectively blaming a ** race of people ** = racism, 
  muslim is n't a race . 
  i have n't followed them much , but i was under the impression they were a decent one ? 
  i would say either politically neutral people , or people who would say yes to the ban if it were n't politically incorrect . 
  what about eurobarometer ? 
  but as far as the law is concerned , marriage has nothing to do with love . 
  it 's just the legal contract of people joining together into one household . 
  the aspects of family-raising and love raising are cultural/religious origins , and just the dressing over the actual legal structure . 
  the law does n't care whether or not you love the person , it just says that the people with whom you can join must be a consenting human who is over 18 , and of the opposite sex ( depending on jurisdiction ) . 
  people have full rights to be involved in such a partnership , under the constraints of its legal definition . 
  ah i see , thanks . 
   homosexuality which is a purposefully evolved phenomenon i 've never heard this before , is there any evidence for this ? 
  it seems counterproductive to what evolution aims to achieve . 
  so by that logic , eastern europe should not be in the eu ? 
  there was a comment higher up in the thread that basically said the same thing as this , and it was upvoted . 
   if you 're straight/male you can marry the person you love/vote . 
  would n't the correct analogy be `` you can vote if you 're a male / you can marry people of the opposite sex '' ? 
  your analogy would be correct , if the government kept a register of who is gay to determine whether or not they can get married . 
   backwards i would n't call it backwards , they simply just did n't change like western europe did . 
  all societies need to point themselves toward something . 
  usually it 's a religious belief . 
  some countries have the state instead . 
  countries with neither just worship materialism instead . 
  it 's simply because eastern europe was protected from the cultural shifts that occurred in western europe . 
  most countries that have lived under marxist regimes have come out the other end as being largely religious and conservative , whereas there has been a trend against religion and towards marxism in countries that were always capitalist . 
  what about very atheistic estonia ? 
  it depends if you speak to a bernie supporter or a trump supporter . 
  bernie fans like to think the whole continent is a nordic atheist leftist paradise , trump supporters like to think every city is under constant siege against shariah law proponents . 
   heritage what is meant by this ? 
  would you say it 's more liberal , or more conservative ?
