  most places on reddit are far more left wing than the place they represent , a prime example being / r/australia . 
  reddit makes a lot of americans think that europe is some huge liberal socialist atheist bernie sanders utopia , and that the whole continent consists of denmark , norway , sweden and finland . 
  they get disheartened when they realise it 's not . 
  exactly . 
  the fact is that marriage law applies to everyone in society equally ( that is , either everybody or nobody can marry someone of the same sex ) , so even people who do n't support the redefinition of marriage should answer yes to this question . 
  it 's worth noting that answering `` yes , they should have the same rights '' does n't necessarily mean support of stuff like same-sex marriage , because in legal terms , the law on marriage still applies to everyone equally . 
  so if the question is interpreted like that , there 's no real excuse not to say yes , whether you support same-sex marriage or not . 
  i thoroughly enjoyed this . 
  i do n't speak much danish , what 's going on here ? 
  i just checked the website , the programme ended after 79 days apparently . 
  i had it bookmarked because i wanted to call it one day and ask about national parks to visit if i ever go to northern europe . 
  i read that the diocese of aalborg is [ launching an online service ] ( http://aalborgstift.dk/liv-tro/nyheder/2017/januar/folkekirken-lancerer-online-praester/ ) where you can get connected to a priest from folkekirken , so maybe i 'll just ask them instead . 
  to be fair , on twitter i saw hordes of europeans abusing trump supporters as well in the lead-up to the u.s. election . 
  do n't act like either side does n't have an interest in the other 's politics . 
  seeing the outrage over russian ` fake news ' recently does seem awfully suspicious . 
  i 'm not informed enough to make a critical analysis of the situation , but it seems convenient that this outrage is happening just as right wing movements are gaining traction . 
  the only people speaking out about the russians happen to be the same ones who would be seriously threatened by those right wing movements winning . 
  labour are also leaving a gap in their traditional constituencies , which ukip is keenly filling . 
  i think she is also having a go at appealing to that crowd , and locking labour out for the next few elections . 
  presumably you would have a job in your new country , in which case you just have to get a working visa , or permanent residency . 
  it 's not like it 's literally impossible to move countries without being in the eu . 
  the fact is if you wanted to move to another country right now , you have every right to do so . 
  your eu citizenship probably wo n't go away until about 2019 . 
  you 're still an eu citizen , are n't you ? 
  `` i doubt the labor party would have shot all jewish people , but does n't the fact that they did n't say they would do it ring some alarm bells ? '', 
  you think right wingers in europe are literally going to gas muslims ? 
  the pope 's offhand political comments are n't official doctrine . 
  you can disagree with him and still be a catholic in communion with rome . 
  this pope is extremely political and leftist compared to any of his predecessors , maybe ever . 
  it might be pleasing to non-catholic liberals who read the headlines , but many catholics , including myself , are n't too attached to francis . 
  his job is to guide the church and create doctrine , and it 's hard to deny he 's done a very poor job of it . 
  either way it 's a papacy people will read about in history books . 
  to be honest , as a regular citizen , i think nazi germany would have been preferable to live in than the soviet union . 
  as a catholic , i do n't like what the papacy has become in the past few decades , and especially under francis . 
  he is there purely to give guidance to the church , and establish new doctrine to catholics . 
  his political opinion is not special , and he 's not there to make headlines for atheists to smile at . 
  i do n't like it when he does say those things , because it 's purely an opinion , not necessarily related to catholicism -- had another cardinal been elected and spoke about politics , we could be hearing different opinions from the pope , it does n't make him less catholic . 
  but outside of making vague , scandalous , potentially heretical doctrine , that 's all francis seems to do . 
  popes were n't this public until the time of john paul ii . 
  oh , nothing 's officially planned yet , it 's only a distant dream at this point haha . 
  i suppose i 'd probably go during spring or autumn though . 
  thanks for the tip , i 've heard a little bit about gotland . 
  i recall seeing a youtube video of a recreated catholic mass from the 1400 's , which was filmed somewhere in or near visby . 
  it seemed like a mysterious , secluded part of the country . 
  are the \u00c5land islands worth visiting as well ? 
  scania seems nice from what i 've seen , in the rural parts anyway . 
  i plan to visit scandinavia one day , though in sweden i 'd probably focus on the forests , small towns , and churches and things up north . 
  is it possible that the outcome of the dutch election could influence the french election ? 
  if pvv makes strong gains , which is highly likely , i 'll bet more french fence-sitters would feel justified in voting for fn . 
  i 'm going to start using it . 
  it was annoying not having a proper noun form of the adjective `` czech '' . 
  slovaks come from slovakia , czechs come from czechia . 
  it makes perfect sense . 
  until now , `` czech '' was the adjective form of a non-existent word . 
  imagine if you had to say `` polsk\u00e1 republika '' all the time , because the word `` polsko '' did n't exist . 
  that was the situation in english for your country , so things are a lot easier now . 
  plus it sounds cute . 
   czechian you mean czech . 
  irish republic aka ireland , czech republic aka czechia . 
  what do you mean ? 
  it 's pronounced `` check-ee-a '' . 
  i think people will get used to it , if it starts being used by the media and politicians . 
  he 's also the reason why the abortion argument has flared up in ireland recently . 
  the pro-abortion groups are n't getting their money from irish donors , it 's being pushed from offshore . 
  regardless of your personal views on abortion , i find it absolutely sick how this man is forcing things in that the irish people have never even wanted , for his own agenda . 
  whereabouts in sweden are you based ? 
  [ imperialistic fantasies , you say ? 
   most effective i think its track record is waning after brexit and trump . 
  in a past life , i bet these people were trying to scare others into converting to christianity using threats of eternal fire and brimstone . 
  some kind of ministry of truth . 
  the problem is that only a handful of high population states would actually get a say , and they all vote usually the same way all the time . 
  that means you are n't the president of the united states , you are the president of basically just ny , ca , ma , and pa. . to have a balance of views , and represent everyone fairly , the electoral college helps to balance out this disparity . 
  the electoral college exists because there is a contrast is views between cities and rural people . 
  without the electoral college , the democrats would win every single election , because city dwellers vote for them religiously and make greater numbers . 
  for the vast number of people who do n't live in new york or california , their vote would hardly matter because those two states would tip the scale every single time . 
  in a fair and equal election , no state should have so much power over the rest of the nation . 
   read what eu politicians say about the refugee / migrant crisis i 'd rather read what they are actually doing about the migrant crisis and its implications for their constituents . 
  the conservatives are a major party addressing ukip 's concerns , which is all they ever wanted anyway . 
  i think it was announced about three or four months beforehand . 
  it happened in july last year . 
  here in australia , our pm tried to do it last year . 
  he just won , but lost seats . 
  the socially conservative members in his party hate him , and far-right anti immigration parties have been gaining traction from his voter base . 
  it 's basically why may , originally pro-remain , has taken the conservative party in such a direction . 
  they see the potential for cleaning up ukip , and obviously many tory voters have the same concerns . 
  in doing so , ukip has basically achieved its goal ; a major party is supporting its interests so it does n't need to exist anymore . 
  the tories would be stupid not to play this card , given labour 's situation . 
  i thought sadiq khan was a labour man ? 
  edit : oh , i thought you were lamenting the conservative party winning all of those , rather than the fact that there are so many . 
  my bad . 
  that still does n't explain how it got there in the first place , or why physics and biology exist the way they do . 
  physics and biology are just laws within our universe , they are certainly not the be-all-and-end-all of philosophy . 
  science and religion answer different questions though , one does n't disprove the other . 
  biology and physics explain how grass is green . 
  religion explains why grass is there , and why it works like that in the first place . 
   at this point , we 've opened hundreds , thousands , hundreds of thousands of boxes . 
  the team you are arguing for , the guessing team , has been wrong about the very basic boxes , yet you continue to argue for them . 
  out of curiosity , what scientific discoveries have actually had a real conflict with core religious tenets ? 
  i know the big bang theory disproves a bunch of eastern religions that believe time is cyclical ( i.e. 
  no point of creation ) , but what else ?
