well ... 
  they have similar problems right ? 
  living indoors and eating food more than once a day are now luxury goods i suppose ... 
  big dates are for amateurs . 
  like new year 's eve . 
  awful . 
  it 's better to go out any other day, 
  i 'm sorry , but that is not a very good example . 
  immigration to the us is a better one i think . 
  in 1907 , more than one million of immigrants entered in the us . 
  we are facing something similar now . 
  or at least , it is more similar than the american colonization ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_the_united_states, 
  i think it all started when it became a default sub ... after that , we had the greece vs germany shit , and now we have this . 
  we can no longer concentrate on more than one problem at a time, 
  well , that 's a very simple and pleasing explanation of history . 
  blowing people up . 
  that 's what i call a concerned citizen !, 
  do n't forget to blow your immigrant quota citizen !, 
  actually we could do a lot of things . 
  but that was n't my point of course . 
  you ca n't justify a comment like that . 
  immigrants have been treated like shit since immigration exists . 
  but do n't forget our ancestors were immigrants at some point too . 
  so just try to empathize a little bit , and do n't hope for them to die or to be mutilated . 
  that 's fucking nuts . 
  o.o this sub has gone to hell, 
  ok , but i thought it was important to notice that the most supported parties in both regions have unashamedly used independence as a weapon . 
  both of them happen to be centre-right , and they are very close to the spanish government ideologically . 
  however , as you said , not all independetists are pro-independece to get advantage from it . 
  i 'll give you that . 
  fun fact : the general in charge of the defence of barcelona during the 1714 siege was a castillian . 
  while i agree with you that catalonia must be the country the catalonian people want it to be , i can not agree with the solution the pro-independence movement proposes . 
  because it excludes me and a lot of people . 
  and i hope you can understand me in this , at least a little bit  about the thing you think madrid has against you . 
  it is quite objective to say that not all newspapers take that stance . 
  maybe that 's the perception you get in there , but not every spaniard hates you . 
  i would say that the majority doe n't hate you . 
  just some exalted headless individuals . 
  i 'm glad we can at least debate this here . 
  debate is what our government avoids at all cost , and that wo n't make things any easier . 
  sorry if i offended you . 
  i did n't say anything about your culture , language or traditions . 
  which i think most people acknowledge , and have existed for centuries . 
  also , they have been part of spain for some centuries now . 
  do n't you think ? 
  my personal opinion , because i 'm bored . 
  i think nationalism is an invention of 19th century to make people work hard and die for a piece of coloured cloth . 
  with this i mean , spanish , catalan or whatever , i do n't care . 
  i suppose as i 'm not from madrid , basque country or catalonia , i can not invent myself a country that will solve all my problems , so i 'm fucked up in this matter . 
  i also think that nationalism has been traditionally used in this country to get political and economical advantages . 
  increasing inequality . 
  i know that the infrastructure in spain has been done to favour madrid . 
  and believe me , i would like money to be justly spent for all spaniards . 
  and i would like we could really try to fix this . 
  and i say try to fix it , because that 's the only thing i can do . 
  historically , the paisos catalans did n't exist . 
  it was the kingdom of aragon if i can recall . 
  and it was created by marriages and wars . 
  same with castille , spain and every freaking country in the world . 
  and for the love of god , stop with the 1714 shit . 
  the kingdom of aragon just chose the loosing king . 
  it was n't a war about your identity ... 
  however , besides all my rant . 
  i would like catalans to decide their future . 
  seriously . 
  i think is the most democratic thing to do . 
  but , i would n't like to see catalonia out of spain . 
  i think this whole mess is stupid and sad . 
  and it 's been used by two parties that are in decadence right now . 
  in order to get more votes from naive and sentimental people . 
  do you have a source ? 
  or is it part of the rethoric you eat alive everyday ? 
  i have one for you : http://www.thelocal.es/20150521/spain-to-make-another-eu-bank-bailout-payment, 
  is germany pumping billions of $ into spain ? 
  i did n't know, 
  yup , they are everywhere , [ sorry ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scorpion ), 
  nah , it 's not state general budget time yet , so no debate . 
  and this elections are municipal and regional ( 24th of may ) . 
  however , the regional elections in catalonia are in september , so we 'll have our dosis of bullshit , do n't worry, 
  most people die in game of thrones or are exiled . 
  ftfy, 
  consider yourself lucky if it does n't end up falling into pieces, 
  i 'm sorry for them ... 
  how much do you pay for hiring or firing someone in spain ? 
  shitty jobs for everyone !, 
  i see you so goddamned convinced that maybe you are right . 
  let 's just trash ronaldo then !, 
  he makes a hell of a lot of money . 
  he has a responsability towards society . 
  if he 's not a bad person , at least he is a fool . 
  and i despise ronaldo, 
  sounds really boring . . 
  let me check in my imaginary computer . . 
  do you know the best year of my life too m8 ? 
  wow , common sense in r/europe , i 'm impressed, 
  why ? 
  its ... alive ... 
  i like this one , a lot . 
  when capitalism and anti-capitalism collides . . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khsssq5q3mg, 
  that 's not correct ,
