this is gold, 
  the wall will stem the flow of illegal immigration . 
  it 's very easy to get through the current fence . 
  the wall will also have less maintenance costs . 
  the people operating those boats need to prosecuted for people smuggling , aiding and abetting illegal immigration and endangering people lives . 
  australia takes in genuine refugees from their detention centers and the gulags stuff is just hyperbole . 
  depressed . 
  i want the uk to break up and an economically depressed uk would rip the state apart . 
  northern ireland would return to the eu via a united ireland and scotland is very europhilic . 
   collectively punishing a group of people for the acts of a few is very shocking . 
  also , mob justice is pretty much always a bad idea . 
  it 's a last resort when governments ignore the issue . 
  syriza are losing popularity quickly . 
  how long do you think they have left ? 
  the french are making a big mistake in not voting for le pen . 
  how many terror attacks are they going to endure before they realise the fn are the only ones with the balls to solve this ? 
  what did that post say ? 
  hopefully the underdog , le pen , will win the whole thing . 
  ireland is still a bit theocratic , so i 'm in no position to complain . 
  in a couple of decades , the rosary beads generation should have died out and we can push for complete secularism . 
  i agree . 
  in the uk , oliver cromwell is revered as a great military leader because that 's what they 're told in school . 
  they skim over the massacres he carried out on the irish . 
  meanwhile , in ireland , the name `` cromwell '' is usually followed by the word `` cunt '' . 
  he 's the most hated figure in irish history . 
  of course it does . 
  you ca n't just force people to stay in a union against their will . 
  that 's just not how the modern , democratic , western world works . 
  lifestyle of criminality . 
  all of which is their fault . 
  they 're not liked here because fuck all of them work tax-paying jobs , they burgle home quite often and whenever travellers arrive in your local town , you can expect fights to break out . 
   the group include marine le pen ( fn , france ) , hoffer ( fp\u00d6 , austria ) , salvini ( lega norte italy ) and the german afd , all of which are widely known inside and outside their country for being far right yes , by pro-mass immigration propagandists . 
  europe 's heroes . 
  xeno87 is one of our more delusional posters on r/europe . 
   they 've become more and more radical ever since they were founded . 
  hyperbole . 
  the beast from the east as we call it here . 
  i hope we see another december 2010 . 
  islam is far more violent than the other mainstream religions . 
  your country destabilized iraq and syria , giving them room to breathe . 
  the king of jordan suppressed isis ' first incarnation until they decided to move to iraq after saddam was removed . 
  10 years ago , the pound was around $ 2.10 . 
   look at what the afd stands for or what their politicians stand for , it is easy to call them racist . 
  if you 're an idiot , then , yes , it very easy to call them racist . 
  you 're, 
   the afd has never polled higher than 15.5 % on the federal level , and that was only at two points : at the height of the refugee crisis and immediately after the terror attack in december . 
  it 's because we europeans are liberals pussies and like to make life difficult for ourselves by being soft on non-white criminals . . 
  le pen is an upgrade on everyone else . 
  the welsh hate the english as much as the french do ? 
  the welsh are basically west englanders . 
  sure , even i have trouble distinguishing between a welsh accent and an english one . 
   so , muslims attacking other muslims for not being muslim enough . 
  that 's why they 're called fundamentalists . 
  an australian-style immigration system for the whole of europe . 
  the fuck is ireland ? 
  we can use uninhabited greek islands to detain middle easterners when the turkey deal inevitably collapses . 
  proceeded by the ministry of sound and ministry of darkness . 
  the only way to get rid of junker is to surround him with cloves of garlic , douse him with holy water and then drive a wooden stake directly into his cold , black heart . 
  no , it 's terrorism , wage stagnation and an increase in crime . 
  this has nothing to do with recessions and everything to do with immigration . 
  there 's also no alternative to capitalism . 
  the coldest air temperatures are recorded in clear , claim conditions with lying snow/ice on the ground . 
  storms bring clouds and clouds insulate any heat on the surface . 
  ironically , arctic climates are at their warmest when it 's snowing outside . 
  the british conquered ireland , confiscated land from catholics in the province of ulster , brought over protestant planters from scotland , ireland became independent after 700 years of british rule , but the british kept 6 of the 9 counties in ulster , northern ireland was born . 
  northern ireland is subsidized to the tune of # 12bn , ireland ca n't afford a united ireland . 
   i hate to say it , but the western world reminds me a lot of the 1930s right now . 
  i find those whom compare 2016 to the 1930s are being hysterical . 
  the 1930s had the great depression , whereas , the economies of europe are largely growing . 
  the only comparison you can make is the rise of nationalism , with focus on a particular religious group , but jews in europe were much better behaved than muslims . 
  these must be young liberals , jumping from one sinking ship to another , failing to realise they helped ruin the uk . 
  welfare tourists . 
  i 'm happy with that . 
  the whole nazi thing will blow over eventually and in a few centuries it can become a tourists ' hotspot . 
  i completely disagree with tearing it down . 
  it will become a major tourist hotspot when the whole nazi thing eventually blows over . 
  genghis khan murdered millions of people and created a massive empire , yet people today praise his conquests . 
  i 'm sure the people of the 12th century were n't fond of him . 
   it would be jordan or malaysia . 
  jordan is the birthplace of isis . 
  the king suppresses islamist movements in the country . 
  that 's why they moved to iraq in 2003 . 
  if jordan became a democracy , it would most certainly decline into a hotbed of islamist politics . 
  as for malaysia , thailand built a border barrier to keep out a militant islamist group : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_thailand_insurgency, 
   indonesia perhaps when you google indonesia , there 's a story about a politician on trial for blasphemy . 
  right-wingers build walls to keep people out of their country . 
  left-wingers build walls to keep people in their country . 
   decades of being force-fed it 's funny you should mention force-fed because there was many people in the ussr who wished they had that luxury . 
  the last famine in europe was in the ussr : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_famines not to mention the famine in north korea and food rationing in cuba and venezuela . 
  sounds * exactly * like something they * might * say ? 
  so if they * might * , does that mean there 's doubt they said it at all ? 
   yes they are a separate race . 
  do n't be stupid . 
  moroccan is a nationality and jews are a religious group . 
  nationality and religion are two very different things , but neither of them are races . 
  anyone of any skin colour or gene pool can be a moroccan or a jew . 
  nationality and religion are not race-exclusive . 
  nationalities and religions transcend various races and ethnicities . 
  not that i believe race exists . 
  it 's an unscientific concept .
