  it 's did n't happen , or it was n't serious , and i 'm guessing next one is going to be that it 's our fault ? 
  i think there 's something deeply unfair about pushing around the the german and his complaints about trump by bringing up nazi germany . 
  that was their past , then this is the american 's present and possible future . 
  oho , enter the american . 
  do you think we do n't notice ? 
  words have power , we can infer intentions . 
  i remember reading a comment earlier saying that what the press secretary said did n't represents trump 's thoughts , what a joke . 
  the spokesman does n't represent , that 's bullshit !, 
  if that 's the case the white house must be in complete shambles . 
  any excuse is good to keep the trump cult of personality , going though , right ? 
  alright , here 's one example : http://www.factcheck.org/2017/01/trump-on-torture-again/ he 's all for torture and i made sure to get a trusted source . 
  he 's also against vaccination and environmentalism and all that , but i think torture is a good measure of how vile a human being is . 
  edit : or this , because this piece of stupidity has to be remembered : https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/265895292191248385?lang=en that 's really the arrogance of it , `` no one can really hate trump or his supporters , nothing bad could be linked to him , every protester must be paid '' right ? 
  inability to believe there is any valid criticism is delusional . 
  i think it would be easy , he certainly does n't lack statements where he attacks it and is in favor for it 's dissolution and has already threatened individual eu politicians . 
  take his february prayer breakfast or more concretely how his administration has steve bannon who listed that as one of the main programs on his agenda and the pick of ted malloch who 's infamous for saying `` there 's another union that needs a little taming '' . 
  or even his support for economic incentives for countries to leave the union . 
  http://www.lemonde.fr/international/article/2017/02/20/grave-crise-de-confiance-entre-l-europe-et-les-etats-unis_5082220_3210.html?xtmc=trump_ue&amp;xtcr=23 http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/03/trump-steve-bannon-destroy-eu-european-union-214889 http://foreignpolicy.com/2017/02/02/trumps-currency-war-against-germany-could-destroy-the-european-union/ just in advance , i remember another topic where someone said that threatening germany does n't mean threatening the whole eu , but as with what happening in turkey , you threaten one of us , you threaten all of us . 
  no need for links for everything else i mentioned ? 
  how are you so sure ? 
  in his stupidity and recklessness and his outright stated desire for the destruction of the eu , i would consider him an adversary and his distaste for human rights , environmentalism and public health as well as his advocacy for torture , military and nuclear expansion and the compliments he has for dictators certainly does n't paint an ethical picture of the man . 
  i would say he 's a `` bad guy '' . 
  he 's saying and confirming line and stereotype that people fear of the turkish . 
  he is beyond parody and he 's either an idiot , or someone who actively wants the european far-right to grow . 
  or both really . 
  at least it was with just a hunting rifle . 
  it 's a good thing he was n't able to get his hands on more lethal weapons . 
  i personally know fn voters and it 's readily visible to anyone with two eyes that they only masquerade as respectable , but if ever they 're in comfort their true despicable colours show . 
  it seems that erdogan has given no other choice to the eu than to take a hard line stance , it 's good that they 're supporting the dutch wholly in this . 
  threaten one of us , you threaten all of us . 
  right , the ones you 're sponsors in the kremlin are so kindly affiliated with . 
  funny thing , that opinion is pretty common among the far-right group . 
  which is why they 're worrying , they 're for selective populism , where they 're the people and everyone else is a traitor . 
  that 's worrying . 
  i 've seen a lot of people in my younger brother 's crowd be attracted to the far-right . 
  i 'm curious since you keep mentioning kids and theirs your posting style . 
  i have my own guesses , but i wanted to confirm it . 
  does n't really sound convincing , after all the above posts . 
  how old are you anyway ? 
  ca n't the same be said of you ? 
  no , at least stop acting like that . 
  why do you expect other people to respect you or your viewpoints when you do n't respect theirs ? 
  most of the people agreeing with you are n't french . 
  this is n't the first time you 've done this , insulting the non-french or calling any french who has the audacity to disagree with you a communist ( because everytime someone bursts the bubble that you 're speaking for all of us , you go ballistic ) . 
  either learn to debate properly , or stop making us look bad . 
  news broke recently , so we 'll see how prosecution goes . 
  politicians should be applicable to the same law . 
  i 'm happy to hear about that !, 
  though i also have mixed feelings , since there 's are still so many against this , viewing some of the comments here ... 
  no , i 'm proud that we 're going to prosecute someone for fraud and theft . 
  whether she 's jailed or not , at least the justice process will happen . 
  are you proud of defending corruption in the event that it serves your political interests ? 
  i spent time with a montenegrin who said that the ottomans would often go to montenegro for their janissaries . 
  apart from that and that they have a black mountain , i know very little . 
  good , that she was claiming immunity from a position in an organization that she swindled and actively wants to destroy was a bad joke . 
  she 's threatened france 's judiciary system as well , so this should be a good lesson about applicability of the law . 
  he sort of was . 
  i think the only reason he won was because his opponent was sarkozy . 
  interesting analysis !, 
  i think that the reason greece is cleaning blood off his sword is because they were the ones who had attacked the ottoman empire . 
  notice the proximity and the rather difficult relation between the two . 
  incidentally , it also doubles as a geography joke considering istanbul and eastern thrace is cut from anatolia by a strait . 
  no , as a frenchman , i can say they do n't . 
  she has n't been elected need i remind you , and this is just corruption . 
  not to mention it 's also the money of other countries . 
  stealing from the pot that everyone contributes to is stealing . 
  if that 's a rationalization you would apply to the uk , than i 'm happy they wo n't be in the union anymore . 
  edit : re - reading your comment , this is in context of le pen stealing eu funds via fraudulent practices . 
  i 'm happy that our counter-terrorism forces have been so effective lately . 
  say what you want about our state of emergency , but so far the attacks that have succeeded have been lone nutters , not planned cells . 
  i would also like to point out to the le pen supporters that targeted surveillance is the most effective , the ideas you have of mass surveillance to copy the uk and the us are not only despotic and allow for the breach of privacy , but it 's actually worse at catching terrorists !, 
  the kediler are cute , and we 've now also learned a new word !, 
  no , but when the le pen supporters are all attacking fillon for his corruption and refuse any and all accusations of corruption against her , even when she admitted so herself , then maybe you should n't start screaming `` democracy ! 1 ! '', 
  when the judiciary moves against her . 
  the nice thing about justice , is that it 's not determined by popularity . 
  the wheel of justice turns slowly , but grind exceedingly fine . 
  i was hoping sarkozy would be indicted first , but if one of the le pens finally get arrested for their blatant , admitted , corruption then maybe there 's hope for us . 
  i had a complete collection of all of his adventures as video cassettes . 
  they were by far my childhood favorites . 
  not a new problem , but one that will only grow in urgency as time goes on . 
  corrupt , incompetent , extremely poor diplomatic skills and dishonest are always up there , to the point that i doubt your sincerity if you 've never heard of them . 
  how did they manage to get the surrounding area in such a shape ? 
  this is incredible . 
  why is it always with the narrative accusations ? 
  you did n't answer the accusation though , why not the original poster if you 're so concerned about false narratives ? 
  glad to see that great turkish mustaches are n't an exagerration . 
  then why reply to me , instead of the one making a claim ? 
  well , seeing as he 's actually being attacked by it from two of ther other candidates and their supporters from what i 've read on `` le monde '' , it was courageous of him . 
  is this deliberate ? 
  or do you need me to spell it out for you ? 
  most places in the world have been colonized , japan is one of the rare exceptions , which is why i asked from which basis you made your claim . 
  it was thus also able to develop it 's own industrial base instead of being used as a closed market and sponged for their own resources . 
  so your claim of the hdi is completely spurious . 
  we have one of the highest education rates in france , that 's why !, 
  ( apart from paris of course ) . 
  also , because most bretons have been voting socialists for a long time ... 
  * cough * japan * cough * . 
  what are the sources to your claims ? 
  well , at least there 's confirmation that equality between sexes is considered important . 
  that most of the options are in approval is good .
