  the thing with populist anger , is that it does n't always go in the direction that may be wanted . 
  edit : also it 's 10,644,118 . 
  less than 36 % with the abstentions . 
  well seeing the results , le pen has not been able to increase her appeal beyond her core . 
  of course , there 's always going to be more extremism which explains the disintegration of the conventional left and right party , but there will all always be people like me who will not give the fn a vote no matter the situation , and i 'm not the only one . 
  she belongs to all of france . 
  the theft and desecration of the icon by the fn for their all political ends , shows how little they hold sacred . 
  i breather easier now . 
  in terms of giving money , or in terms of the amount of eu money spent on you guys ? 
  nah , that 's the uk and the us . 
  this reminds me about the german lieutenant who was planning a terrorist attack . 
  so i 'm assuming that they do n't get along . 
  while i agree , it 's not as if this discussion of the brexit has ever had any tenor . 
  frankly , the political discussion has degenerated , and i do n't think juncker was the one who set the tone . 
  hope not , do you know how much time and effort it took me to learn english ? 
  having to learn mandarin would be painful . 
  from that standard , i can see how her followers would see it as a victory , you 're right . 
  hopefully however anyone else would have been put off by this . 
  * ahem *, 
  i 'm very happy that it 's been translated . 
  i 've been trying for a long time to convince those from other countries the insanity of her candidacy . 
  it seems nothing works better than letting her speak longer than in her easy soundbites and let her destroy herself . 
  she 's an extremely bad debater , strangely enough . 
  vote based on their feelings ? 
  oh , i acknowledge . 
  it 's not admirable , but it happens . 
  for what it 's worth , we know . 
  the problem when the uk went full anti eu with the last elections and is projected to stay that way , is what do we have to lose ? 
  while this is good news , i would like to remind everyone that the economy goes up and down . 
  that we are seemingly considered a safe area to invest in this turbulent world , means that we have to continue . 
  well , they find other reasons for their politics than spite . 
  i 'm not downvoting you , i just want to point that out , your argument is fair to say . 
  it 's just that there 's a strong enough trend to see a pattern of sorts . 
  true , even with my distaste of the current uk government , the leak was n't helpful , although i 'm happy that it could n't be done in secrecy like may proposed . 
  lots of churches like that around the country , but it 's a nice photo . 
  basic contrarianism to spite a large amount of recommendations is something a teenager does . 
  well , my great grandfather went abroad to fight for de gaulle and he reportedly hated the fn 's with a passion . 
  as did many of the free french forces . 
  it sort of affected the rest of my family . 
  we are not machines , or a collective and even in an organization that is highly structured there are bound to be differences , let alone in clandestine groups . 
  that being said , an extremely high amount do not like the fn . 
  so i would say that a high amount of resistance fighters against is indicative . 
  it 's sort of the same both in french and english . 
  edit : alright , understood . 
  the french republic is secular . 
  okay , this is a good opportunity to catch up on czech politics , since i 'm unforgivably ignorant about it . 
  inter-cabinet fighting like that is rare . 
  that 's rich . 
  of the same token , i would n't talk about foreign interference when we have to deal with americans and russians pushing desperately for le pen to win . 
  i hope they caught whoever did that . 
  i do n't care what side of the political spectrum it is , this kind of violence is barbaric . 
  well , for all the stupid things he sometimes says , he also knows how to say some pretty good things . 
  the fn and other such parties are fundamentally one policy parties , take those out and the rest of the party becomes far less palatable to the average person . 
  it 's not as she 's the only one who 's part of a family with divided political beliefs . 
  anyone here who has n't argued with a far-right younger brother or a far-left cousin ? 
  all i could think reading this was that it reminded me of the black language of mordor . 
  it sounds like a nice language though , truly . 
  i remember at his election how much they yelled that he was a communist . 
  how things have changed . 
  well i did say that i think the nationalists only seemingly get along because they all unite against the eu , once that 's gone however france and germany are going to be in direct competition . 
  aggressive neighbors rarely get along . 
  many of the anti-eu parties are also extremely anti-german . 
  i imagine that those of you in canada are n't exactly pleased being targeted by trump 's administration , right ? 
  euh , you should probably re-read our common history . 
  what 's walpurgisnacht ? 
  how do you celebrate it ? 
  to be expected really . 
  i thought he was n't favorable to some of her foreign links , but in the end parties normally join up like this for the second tour . 
  seems sensible to me . 
  i would imagine that the afd would view france and the fn as competition . 
  i think the current situation of all the ultra-nationalists getting along will only last until they start stepping on each others toes . 
  than their vague threats will be directed at each other , instead of a more calm center . 
  you know with this post i know you 're joking , i would have caught sooner with the mention of the west bank , but poe 's law being what it is , i could n't be sure . 
  that 's the internet for you . 
  what happened says otherwise . 
  she make up a job for her associate , that 's fraud . 
  that she wo n't be prosecuted says more about the difficulty of prosecuting politicians . 
  it 's not made up , it 's outrageous that her supporters have turned a blind eye on her . 
  it 's not the only case of corruption in the fn and among the le pens either . 
  5 million euro lost to her . 
  that 's not some small amount , no matter how you try to downplay it . 
  http://www.france24.com/en/20170406-french-candidate-le-pen-loses-bid-recover-eu-parliament-wages http://www.lemonde.fr/panama-papers/article/2016/04/05/panama-papers-comment-des-proches-de-marine-le-pen-ont-exfiltre-de-l-argent-de-france_4895769_4890278.html http://www.lemonde.fr/panama-papers/article/2016/04/05/panama-papers-comment-des-proches-de-marine-le-pen-ont-exfiltre-de-l-argent-de-france_4895769_4890278.html you also cut my post , i finished with : `` this is the same person who has such a contempt for the eu that she stole taxpayer money , yet twisted her position in it for her benefit . 
  it 's hypocrisy , how did she do nothing wrong '' ? 
  alright , good point . 
  sarkozy 's little corrupt venture destabilized a country completely , and while it was a joint attack , it was french pressed and the hypocrisy of which is also pretty large . 
  of course , that it was disastrous says something about imperialist interventions . 
  one can only hope sarkozy ends up in jail . 
  then , i 'll amend my statement and put it in the most selfish and pragmatic way possible . 
  everyone is worried about russia because they 're worried they or their interests will be next , since it 's currently acting extremely aggressive against the former soviet states . 
  simple as that . 
  this ethnographic map also included conflict points , with reports of violence . 
  beatings and attacks on tatars were included and even now you have several cases of forcible institutionalization of the tatars , as well as destruction of any of their own political power . 
  https://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/20/opinion/russia-is-trying-to-wipe-out-crimeas-tatars.html if the scale is compared to ivan the terrible , than i think a lot of things will register as comparatively `` peaceful '' , but in the modern world , that does n't mean that it 's acceptable . 
  like in the american invasion of iraq for `` liberty '' , russia 's cassus belli sounds completely false when their actions versus other minorities are brought up . 
  you 've heavily mentioned the past , but the problem is that it 's the past . 
  on europe , the country which continues with their imperialist aspirations now is russia . 
  that and one thing i 've noticed strangely is the perplexing victim-hood complex recently common among the russians , turkey and the us . 
  you lot are the conquering powers , stop acting as if poor public opinion is unfair , compared to your actions . 
  wrong or liable ? 
  she committed fraud and only have to return the funds !,
