  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/35/pr%c3%a9sidentielles_2002_1er_tour.svg/250px-pr%c3%a9sidentielles_2002_1er_tour.svg.png you think that we will run to the fascists , because they give empty promises ? 
  so , no claim or proof , just fn rhetoric . 
  edit : i 'm being harsh , but if you 're going to make the claim of the difference between 2012 and now , link a source . 
  well , my apologies , but than where 's the proof to your claim ? 
  most departments which supported her had always been fn or right , with the departments that supported macron being the ones which was socialist in the last few elections . 
  there are very little geographic changes , and i have n't myself read any massive shifts from the left to the far-right . 
  also if your claim is anecdotal , i 'm socialists as well in an area which is mostly socialists and le pen and the fn is as always despised . 
  yes , but seeing the statistics it was mainly les republicans who changed . 
  more melenchon voters changed to le pen than those who voted hamon . 
  her economic platform was `` left wing '' but her politicies were not . 
  i 'm puzzled you do n't know this , the statistics were everywhere in r/france and r/europe . 
  unfortunately , i ca n't find them i might add some links , but here 's one from an english source : https://www.theguardian.com/world/ng-interactive/2017/apr/23/french-presidential-election-results-2017-latest it 's not the best source , but i thought this was common knowledge . 
  addressing nepotism is a good start . 
  the biggest scandals recently have been fictitious employment for family . 
  well i did n't downvote you , but the socialists did n't really move towards the fn . 
  it 's not factually correct . 
  they would have gone for the insoumis instead . 
  i agree and disagree on some parts , although i 'm probably one of the `` people on the street '' who thinks we need to cut contact with the u.s and russia , which may not be a smart move , beyond being symbolic . 
  his best quote remains `` in diplomacy there has to be trust , no trust no deal '' . 
  oh , we 're going for libraries now ? 
  well , i 'm not complaining it looks good . 
  it should bother me that other citizens are being killed like this , but seeing that these `` citizens '' are responsible for multiple crimes against humanity , are fighting for a hostile organixation and would only cause more suffering if left alive ... 
  i really do n't care . 
  it 's objectionable , but in practice i believe it will only prevent more victims in the long run . 
  it has a nice homey feeling to it . 
  yes , sarkozy was in the wrong there . 
  also , the lack of follow-up was token . 
  damn . 
  okay , there 's the eu flag !, 
  anyway , we should make a list of favorite offices . 
  i personally liked the italian and iberian ones . 
  a single missile launch on a suspiciously evacuated base , with no follow-up . 
  it 's something of course , just somewhat token . 
  what macron is saying might be token as well . 
  debts ? 
  i would like to remind you something that trump failed to understand , this is not a club , it 's an organization , nations work together . 
  there are no membership fees , except agreed upon like the 2 % , which was agreed upon , until trump tried to change the deal . 
  if the us tries to demand payment , germany can demand payment for land use . 
  nato countries already are increasing their spending to 2 % , i 've already typed several times . 
  a divided nato does help russia , but i think that it 's intended seeing as the us has been raproching with russia . 
  you 're banking on goodwill of the us , which was a longtime ally , but which nowadays may not be the same . 
  i think glossing over all the incidents that have happened within the past months as if they were nothing is not realistic . 
  you do realize that if the us is aligning with russia there 's point allying with them , lest they share our secrets with them , right ? 
  also i highly doubt about the trade part , what with trump 's little arbitrary crusade against all trade based on not understanding it 's mechanics . 
  you do realize the rhetoric now is that it 's a question whether the eu should even ally with the us right ? 
  especially , since it 's dealbreaking , its pointless since the countries were going to that point at a deadline of 2024 . 
  what year is it ? 
  the master plan 's only effect seems to be that we probably should quickly find other allies . 
  edit : certainly the idea that he 's making empty threats seems to be more comforting than he 's just incompetent . 
  especially since if you remember , his demand was for germany to pay back money `` owed '' because of nato . 
  or was that also the `` plan '' ? 
  the mental gymnastics to validate him is impressive . 
  also when i was referring to the uk and poland , i was referring to stopping intelligence sharing of the former in relations to brexit , so it doesnt fit into your nato forcing more spending , just petty politicking . 
  i wonder why . 
  are the attacks having no effect , or since it happened under the stewardship of the tories it makes their rhetoric that they would stop terror attacks sounds hollow ? 
  any brit have an hypothesis ? 
  well , the russian economy is in shambles and confiscating the accounts of it 's oligarchs certainly hurt putin , but yes more should have been done . 
  not the ministry of silly walks ? 
  fascinating architecture , if not somewhat intimidating . 
  why would he do a lot of things ? 
  he 's certainly not built himself a reputation for statemanship or logic and some of his actions have been geopolitically detrimental to the us . 
  he threatened to leave nato , no denying it . 
  so our only hope than is to hope that the rest of the system bar the president honours treaties ? 
  it 's funny that you mention the uk and poland they 've also threatened to not work together . 
  also technically the us and the rest won , nato nations agreed to work towards that goal . 
  breaking an alliance for something like that now is just pretext . 
  edit : i quite simply do n't think the current administration is logical , so while your argument is based on the reality and i agree , it does n't really seem to impact what the executive branch will do . 
  he does n't give any indication he 'll honour article 5 , which is pretty important in diplomatic and military circles , same with the paris accords , nafta , he is going against previous agreed upon timetable for nato spending and wanted to leave before changing his mind , not to mention lest we forget that he tried to racketeer south korea for a system the us insisted on , not to mention lest we forget because this was early on that he said he would n't protect japan and said that they were a competitor against the us economically ( which he 's flipped on again ) . 
  that 's not even counting his domestic legal difficulties and i 'm probably missing quite a few more . 
  he flip flops like nothing else , he has an unsavoury reputation on this , so why should anyone believe in any treaty with trump 's us when they 're quick to renege on them ? 
  they already are . 
  maybe . 
  seeing how trump and le pen 's programs were paper thin unlike their opponents however , it 's a description with accuracy , not to mention that populists have a habit of cheapening public discourse . 
  very little else sticks with them . 
  unlike the other two insults ( commie , nazi ) populist is less about policy and more about methods and populism is n't unique to a side of the political spectrum . 
  huh , i compared it with other offices , and they 're one of the few who does n't have a national flag with a eu flag . 
  well , that 's one of the most interesting offices posted here . 
  because populism is n't that . 
  it refers to a brand of politician who does n't have any syllogism for their grand declarations . 
  they may as well say `` more good , less bad '' . 
  someone who does n't care about the long term well being of the nation they 're leading as well . 
  this style of politicking is to be ashamed of . 
  trump has n't been exactly favorable to legal treaties and accords . 
  however , i hope agreements holds . 
  i 'm jealous . 
  i 'm cooking and being eaten by mosquitoes where i am . 
  unfortunately , even with all the boistering i 've done , i have to say that any help from europe based nato nations will be token at the start anyway , and i doubt the us will help any ally ( seeing as the americans have taken to bashing their asian allies as well ) . 
  hopefully cooler heads wi 'll prevail , and there will not be a war . 
  bullshit , it was agreed to go to 2 % in around a timetable , but that was n't enough , was it ? 
  personally i would n't care about the us budget , as long as they were willing to fight with us . 
  plus , if this was n't the problem , than trump would fixate on something else . 
  you lot have been buddying up to dictators , any excuse is good enough for not being aligned against russia . 
  the criticism goes the other way , if you 're willing to backstab over something like this , than any excuse would have been used , american foreign policy is n't stable . 
  we 're at 1,8 % , the us at 3 % . 
  if americans want to break the alliance , at least be honest . 
  if the defense agreement is so arbitrary , once again , what 's the point of it ? 
  i think it does n't matter so much , since it 's not poland 's fault the deluge occured . 
  it 's funny that i doubt the sincerity of the us political apparatus for rejecting his offer . 
  they 've tried to protect trump too much . 
  as always , comparing lithuania now vs lithuania than is interesting .
