  i agree with that as well , i just wanted to point out that a streak of cruelty is also necessary for the acts of terrorists , since even other marginalized groups or muslims do not turn to such violence , and someone who is wealthy can be just as vicious . 
  two of the attackers went to wealthy schools in belgium . 
  returning to the main point , were the comments attacks on israel ? 
  i 'm not particularly sure , since she does have a point , but the timing of the comments are very indelicate and some viewed it as legitimizing the attacks . 
  diplomatic incidents happen unfortunately . 
  which is why i 'm staying neutral in this issue , because i see both sides to it . 
  after all , saying this so close to the paris attacks is still a provocation , an educated fm should know that , although i think it 's extreme to say it was antisemitic attack . 
  besides , hopelessness does not justify terrorism or other such violence . 
  i 'm not going to rush off to blame the israelis for disliking a politician who has n't exactly been good to them . 
  was n't she the one who blamed the israelis for the paris attacks ? 
  i remember a controversy like that . 
  i 'm staying neutral on this news . 
  she 's even more corrupt than other politicians viewing how much they must pocket from `` donations '' . 
  i 'm not sure if it means anything to those posting the links , including you , but i love you . 
  i truly do . 
  posting links and facts are the best , especially in the current political climate . 
  i remember a statistic that putin was one of the richest men in the world and will continue to be so while he remains in power . 
  out of it , he will be far more vulnerable . 
  so , of course he would want a retirement far away from rival oligarchs . 
  well hopefully , this wo n't be a return to italy 's political instability as some people are predicting . 
  thank you austria !, 
  now , hopefully we wo n't mess up . 
  i and my family have been voting left for decades . 
  she is not left , it 's easy to see . 
  if you 're far right and you vote for her , you 're voting for your party , it makes sense . 
  if you vote for her and you 're of the `` left '' , i 'll have to question your judgement . 
  there 's nothing else to it , we have multiple parties still choosing le pen out of all of them makes no sense . 
  having sarko wash out like this is certainly cause to celebrate !, 
  and instead of looking into the methods and political implications for the support of these euro-skeptics parties , just deflect and blame the ruling parties , because the far-right rhetoric looks awfully hypocritical under close examination . 
  too many times have extremists been ushered into power , only to cause greater problems because of short-sightedness . 
  edit : does the eu have faults ? 
  yeah , definitely . 
  i was one of it 's detractors , until the euro-skeptics coalesced under the far-right . 
  the problems are acknowledged , but it does n't justify the solutions that are proposed . 
  it 's a democracy , examination of conflicts of interest or possible corruption with a party as found with the fn are a part of a society based on the rule of law . 
  well , i was familiar with some of the names there , but i 'm going to keep this saved for future references when i listen to news about some politicians . 
  otherwise it 's nothing new . 
  it 's an open secret that russia is supporting many of the far-right `` nationalists '' ( biggest lie of a title for a bunch of traitors ) in europe . 
  edit : not to seem grateful though , thanks for posting this !, 
  we 'll see when the election occurs . 
  the only reason that hollande was elected honestly was because he was n't sarkozy . 
  personally , i 'm happy that he 's running , although i hope it wo n't split the vote and give a chance for le pen or sarokzy to get to the seconde turn . 
  we 're the fourth ( technically ) first ? 
  i 'm surprised , but happy . 
  now , to actually have a nation reach the top three . 
  i prefer juppe to marine frankly , and i dislike this attitude that `` it 's all the same '' on elections because it 's not wise , it 's lazy . 
  a cursory look at policies will show you that . 
  you 're all living in a republic , make use of it !, 
  aah , to be a teenager again . 
  that being said , why him ? 
  he 's not a very good politician and we have an election with different candidates which will vastly shape the future . 
  why the resignation ? 
  that 's sort of rich coming from france 's own poorly educated , corrupt populist . 
  my greatest fear now is that both russia and the us are going to be interfering with the french elections . 
  do n't use the empathy argument , if war started how many would die ? 
  how many of the neighboring countries will accept refugees ? 
  would you be willing to vote for help ? 
  or take their time with it ? 
  the general cure for incompetence is to be prepared , which the brita were n't , politics be damned . 
  i 'm a bit skeptical of this study , since `` reputation '' is a bit nebulous . 
  like some of the original roman firemen !, 
  before there are other talks of `` le pen is taking over !!!!, 
  '' , em macron 's party in comparison has 317 d\u00e9put\u00e9s , while the pc ( parti communiste ) has 9 . 
  8 is n't even enough to create a legislative groupe , to keep things in perspective . 
  it 's the same vice-versa friend . 
  you call them `` soldiers '' ? 
  the whole point of it is that it 's still a bit runny and uncooked so you can dip in some l\u00e8ches ( bread pieces ) , which would n't be safe to eat if there was a risk of salmonella . 
  i recommend eating some `` oeuf \u00e0 la coque '' to take advantage of this . 
  why do so many psychopaths use the appeal to nature ? 
  maybe as a historical document to collectors ? 
  happy birthday for what is now a pretty old country !, 
  it 's not what is `` wrong '' that was a problem , this was a clear cut threat !, 
  it 's aggressive chest-pounding that the brits love to indulge in recently yet have the gall to pretend to not understand what the problem is . 
  * mumble mumble * germans and their rules and regulations xp, 
  still counts to be fair . 
  what about when their `` solutions '' seem to contribute to the problem . 
  i 've met more than my share of right-wingers who seem to idolize dictators as a solution . 
  ethnic minorities or religious minorities . 
  they seem to be the main use of the term apart from political minorities . 
  alright , i did n't know that . 
  thank you . 
  anyway stereotypes die hard unfortunately , sorry about that . 
  ... have i mentioned how sinister it is when a german says that . 
  the minority group part i mean . 
  i never got the impression from the germans i knew that they `` hated germany '' so much as they somewhat skeptical of blind trust in the state , and found overt displays of items such as flags to be gaudy . 
  can any germans tell me if there 's been any change in that ? 
  ... you were one of those students with passable grades who made sure the dunces felt bad were n't you ? 
  i would feel slightly insulted by that insinuation on my own credibility , if it was n't completely correct . 
  anyway , maybe some questions were weighted differently ? 
  than it seems i would also fail at math !, 
  actually truth be told , i have no idea why i defaulted to that . 
  i could have sworn it said i got a 51 % , but than how did i get that ? 
  every single one of these wannabe dictators always like to portray a victim complex for their nation . 
  at around 51 % of the correct answers , i was completely ignorant of danish government structure as well as its notable figures ( apart from the more well known such as a sculptor and a philosopher ) . 
  i should have studied more . 
  there was another thread about how this diplomatic intervention was done without italy , but if it leads to a cease-fire , than it 's worth it . 
  maybe , but since we 've also had more people recently who are more fanatically `` this politician right or wrong no matter what '' who will not compromise in any fashion , i think it balances out . 
  `` lesser evil '' is a too strong way to put it . 
  in fact , i would argue that the overuse of that concept is more harmful to any form of democracy than anything else . 
  i. . . disagree politically with macron to some extent , but for example since i like nicholas hulot and as long as progress is made on environment , i can live with it .
