  there 's a difference between policies of a nation and what it is . 
  notice how mentioning the latter instead of the former is less likely to flame discussions like you just did . 
  i 'm not happy that you 're illustrating my example so well , and that you 're a trump supporter and an american on top of that . 
  it 's beyond parody . 
  i always imagined that if there 's one country that would never go far-right , it would be the u.s. 
  bullshit , the fn has a history of defaulting and stealing . 
  who would lend to them ? 
  now that it 's caught up to them , instead of campaigning and waiting on more limited funds , perhaps in a show of good faith that their message will be enough , they go for russia . 
  no one put a gun against their head to commit treason . 
  have you actually asked them ? 
  or is this what the far-right like to do , which is steal the accomplishments of the past and parade it around like their own , to justify themselves , when they are only committing a desecration of those who can not speak for themselves . 
  i know from my family , that they all despise the fn , always have . 
  it 's muslims one day , but at the fn rallies they now talk again about rothschild and the jewish conspiracy , of killing all communists , and so on until only they will remain . 
  the far-right will destroy france as surely as anything else . 
  france has it 's policies , it is now fighting against terrorists , and if anyone bothered to read le pen 's programme they 'll see she has nothing to add , apart from vague `` kick them all out '' . 
  elect her or die is a theat and a lie . 
  it 's also funny that you 've mentioned poland , because they 've been trying to fight their judiciary and have been authoritarians . 
  looking at erdogan and the uk ( who have implemented the world 's most draconian surveillance policy as soon as they left the ue ) , nationalists like you destroy and corrupt all they touch . 
  so once again , stay out of france . 
  other far-right groups have complied with the law , which is equal for everyone . 
  she 's a thief and a traitor . 
  my great-grandfather fought nazi scum , so do n't dare sully their names by saying not supporting their spiritual descendants is treason to france . 
  what do you know about france or it ' s culture or values ? 
  the far-right only want to wave around a flag , but by saying france first and only for them , you show your true colours , because it betrays its every value even when it was a colonial empire . 
  if you want to screech one blood , one people , than get out of france . 
  we shall see . 
  anecdotally , some of my family down south ( ard\u00e8che ) who were always far-right have stated they 'll vote asselineau , because they consider le pen a traitor . 
  after all , it does n't look good when she goes to trump tower to beg for more money . 
  `` fight the globalists '' , right ? 
  so i welcome foreign support for her . 
  those who would have been swayed by international support would n't vote for her due to her platform , and the pure gaullist hopefully would actually be revolted instead , leaving only those who are fervent in her one policy party or who are in effects of her cult of personality . 
  in my case , i 'm voting against her no matter what . 
  right , right the whole support us or the terrorists/degenerates/foreigners / whatever group will win . 
  pay no attention to her being bought out by other countries . 
  it 's all so altruistic , is n't it ? 
  not a power grab at all . 
  i visited morroco . 
  it was nice , got to see some medinas and have good food . 
  i recommend visiting with a tour guide . 
  no doubt , but the hope is that eventually their influence will weaken . 
  or maybe it wo n't , there are still nazis around despite all odds . 
  the influence they have in prisons as well should be examined , and many other steps will have to be taken . 
  fighting an ideology is difficult , but it 's the best long-term solution . 
  you know , the fact that many of le pen 's supporters are foreigners says a lot about her . 
  ha , same . 
  i have n't been accused of nazism yet either , because i think most agree after you raise concerns about immigration . 
  what they do n't agree with is when someone start ranting about the inherent inferiority of a people or culture . 
  i think saying they 're only called nazis because of `` pc culture '' detracts from any sort of introspection about why they 're being called that . 
  as someone who 's against the far-right and their extreme policies , i am for the expulsion of these clerics . 
  as the source of much of terrorism , i think it 's more fair and is more effective than trying to attack all of our muslim citizens . 
  in my case i 'm personally more afraid of it being fillon vs le pen , because there le pen has a chance to win . 
  either way i 'm voting !, 
  i 'm making sure to set the alarm to wake up early . 
  the man who preached for the superman could n't stand violence ( trauma from seeing a man beat a horse for example ) and was dependant on his mother and sister for a good part of his life . 
  this is not a criticism of him , it shows he was human and i think we are all strong and weak at the same time . 
  i enjoyed `` thus spoke zarathustra '' , it 's a pity that most only know of him as the philosopher who was co-opted and distorted by the nazis . 
  absurdisme is one of the best defenses against this world . 
  `` support our authoritarian policies or you 're a terrorist '' . 
  sound familiar ? 
  he 's the endgame of all these ultra-nationalist types , never forget that . 
  they took nantes out of bretagne !, 
  i find it funny that there 's many here arguing that there 's no connection to racism and a few comments down the chain there 's a user defending white supremacists . 
  i understand and agree that immigration controls should be reviewed and implemented , but it 's disturbing the amount of times a conversation on immigration turns rather extreme . 
  ha , the amount of doublethink you have is astounding . 
  `` i think they are less intelligent genetically , but that does n't mean i think they 're inferior '' . 
  macron , i 'm voting for you to not be like the other candidates and actually work with the eu and our neighbors , please do n't feel the need to pander otherwise . 
  perhaps , if our definition for a democracy voting itself to death has to have universal suffrage , but i 'm sure there has to been some early instances of democracies ( however limited ) voting to end themselves , especially in view of military threat . 
  pericles was famous for this , and he ca n't have been the first instance of a burkean dilemma . 
  the roman republic ? 
  some of the greek city states ? 
  it 's an interesting question , what was the first ? 
  yet another democracy ironically votes itself to death . 
  he was the head of torture in alger , so definitely an unsavoury character . 
  i had once visited turkey , specifically istanbul and izmir . 
  i was impressed by their museums and the visits to some of old classical ruins ( although little remains of the temple of artemis , so i recommend instead the basilica of st.john ) . 
  that was years ago however , and i would prefer to be more certain of turkey 's political future before going on any more academic and cultural trips . 
  i ca n't in good faith go to or send anyone into turkey with the current anti-european rhetoric that it 's indulging in . 
  eh , ever since asterix i ca n't take this map too seriously . 
  far-left . 
  i do n't think they 're a good example of countries to follow . 
  le pen or m\u00e9lenchon . 
  le pen or m\u00e9lenchon . 
  neither are options i like , and yet ... 
  i despise le pen and her far-right cronies most of all , because they 've done nothing but show me that the feeling is mutual . 
  they say they 're for france , but they trample on it 's values and are corrupt . 
  they have never considered me a model of a `` proper frenchman '' , and i call them a traitor now because that was the only word they had for their much hated `` left '' . 
  so fine , i 'm okay with anyone but le pen , even if it 's with m\u00e9lenchon . 
  edit : i 'm still hoping that marcon passes though , which i think he will . 
  freedom ! ^ terms ^ and ^ conditions ^ may ^ apply, 
  oh not at all , that 's not what i 'm arguing either . 
  it does put a black mark on the country in a way however and the person i 'm responding to said that the us handled it `` handled them pretty well '' , which i think is almost delusional , or at least very optimistic . 
  i mean who actually thinks that afghanistan is in a good situation or that iraq was somehow perfectly good , before it mysteriously fell ? 
  edit : as you said `` part of it is the us 's fault , the other is the middle east is just too fucked up . '', 
  it 's not wholly the fault of the united states at all , it 's a difficult region which already had a lot of sectarian violence and previous superpowers have done their share of harm as well , but i do n't think things have been improved by the interventions . 
  well , that 's a new form of business . 
  charge someone for the bullets you shot at them . 
  do n't know why no one has thought of that yet . 
  i think too many people have forgotten too quickly how the refugees of yesteryear were viewed and treated . 
  i do n't think there 's `` good '' or `` bad '' refugees , just refugees and right now the eu just has it 's hands full , simple as that . 
  of course .
