  no one aside from other americans believe this explanation that it 's all altruistic and in the name of peace . 
  funny thing , while i was sad about the gif , much of my sympathy for the polish dried up with this post , and the following post saying that the `` jewish were n't really polish '' . 
  this out of one of the countries that suffered the most under the nazis . 
  france was under occupation as well and only vichy collaborators say france should have allied with reich . 
  leave hitler be ? 
  you switched from france and the uk should have done more for the polish to you should have appeased the nazis more ? 
  are you out of your mind , the regime was a conquering genocidal group . 
  what is you end goal for this argument ? 
  edit : post originally did n't have the `` not '' , which may account for the confusion . 
  good to the hungarians for being honorable . 
  does n't excuse the death of the photographer . 
  the breton independance was severely affected after it accidentally killed a director during a protest . 
  edit : in essence careless deaths like that is unacceptable . 
  than i 'll only say what i said to someone else . 
  there is friendly relations and there is the current inexplicable tryst between moscow and washington . 
  this pretension that is all reasonable , especially in the context of trump 's attitude to other nations ? 
  it sounds hollow because it has gone far beyond just amicable relations . 
  keep in mind before you accuse us , that the main concern is that the u.s is far too inexpicably friendly . 
  your reasoning does not match the u.s 's recent actions , viewing the g20 . 
  until than i do n't speak for everyone , but i do n't trust the us motives in this affair a single bit . 
  the recent dual efforts to meddle in our elections via digital efforts from both the us and russia says this caution is not misplaced . 
  that 's certainly disingenuous . 
  there 's a difference between friendly relations and this unholy tryst between moscow and washington . 
  because currently that this is `` all in the name of peace '' sounds pretty disingenuous due to the rhetoric coming from both groups . 
  all diplomatic reputation and credibility , standing as a democracy , stability of nato , intelligence co-operation , as well as any form of diplomacy with countries who are not fans of russia which percolates to most dealings outside of internal affairs , and even than it seems that politics at home are responding to this . 
  seriously , you do n't see a possibe consequence of this political and diplomatic realignment . 
  the symbolic value of this event ? 
  this is why i say everything because it upended most status quo . 
  to see no risk is short sighted and shalllow . 
  edit : addressing your edit , iran is under the sphere of influence of russia . 
  it 's a bit ironic to say you do n't want wwiii than talk about pressuring china . 
  these diplomatic moves that you mention are going to backfire . 
  also `` no proliferation '' ? 
  trump started by saying he wanted to restart the construction of nuclear weapons . 
  `` trade '' , now that 's laughable . 
  the u.s has n't had a clear goal except an inexplicable love for dictatorships for the past few months . 
  everyone was saying how being the pm negotiating brexit would be a cursed job after cameron left . 
  if she did n't figure this out than , i ca n't give her any kudos for figuring it out now . 
  `` little to lose '' is an optimistic way to put it . 
  i would have said everything . 
  another british user said they would be more than happy to be in the single market just a few days ago . 
  even now i 'm not sure coming into the negotiations whether it will a hard or soft brexit . 
  is n't this from turkish `` bodyguards '' beating protesters in the us ? 
  i was thinking of something less shady than that ... 
  even if hamburg is on our mind , people can be interested in the environment conference without planning a raid . 
  or because outside of the single issue policies they are rather far-right . 
  i remember how americans would say that the fn was a leftist party . 
  the illusion of them being reasonable quickly fell apart once they started showing their true colours . 
  those who are labeled `` far-right '' are sometimes `` far-right '' . 
  interesting . 
  i could try be in the vicinity when it 's in progress . 
  did we mention lavoisier yet ? 
  they 're both big contributors to the periodic table ( among other things ) . 
  er , while i 'm flattered , it may be better if you refrained . 
  i 'm not authority figure , this is just my opinion on the topic . 
  i disagree with the polish government in certain areas , but i thought being against russia was one thing we all agreed on . 
  some people seem skeptical , but it should be noted that the war between germany and russia was particularly brutal and war crimes on civilians horrendous . 
  it 's not farfetched that a military commander for the nazis is featured . 
  `` he was just doing his job '' was n't a valid excuse even at the nuremburg trials . 
  you can detect the traces of bannon in that speech . 
  they 'll have to compete with leclerc as well as other supermarkets . 
  so , we beat the low countries . 
  that 's something . 
  it 's funny that the greek acceptance is n't that high , considering the jokes and stereotypes about them due what is known of classical greek history . 
  i doubt it . 
  he 's just another oligarch and his cutting of social protections and services , tax cuts on the ultra rich are n't reassuring and it seems that his base thinks that he 's for them because he often attacks foreigners ( which says some unpleasant things about americans ) . 
  the u.s does benefit from trade and if their economy is hurt , his base will also hurt . 
  with all the talks of `` jobs '' has there ever been a clear articulation of the economics behind alienating trading partners ? 
  they may no longer buy from us , but we also would n't buy from them . 
  edit : not to mention that we could try finding other trading partners , but where would the u.s go to ? 
  their economy is minuscule . 
  they 've already attacked japan and china . 
  india maybe , however they 're very protectionist as well . 
  even than , it 's not as if there 's a limit on trading partners , so this would all be a zero-sum game . 
  i think the notion that if we cut ourselves off from others our local economy would suddenly improve is the equivalent of the `` magical thinking '' used by china in the `` great leap forward '' . 
  euh , i would prefer that does n't happen . 
  prosecution for corruption ? 
  yes . 
  political assassination however is not acceptable in a democracy . 
  even with trump . 
  hmm , it 's disconcerting how much relations have degraded . 
  less than a year ago we would n't be so worried about getting into a trade war with the u.s. 
  good , after decades eastern europe is developping economically . 
  good news is always welcome . 
  the eu needs to find a solution for the porous outer border . 
  i do n't think the utter barbarity and depravity of the third reich should ever be forgotten . 
  as u/iwanttosaysmth said , this was beyond conquest into deliberate extermination . 
  mazzini , cavour and garibaldi . 
  i was n't familiar with the fourth one, 
  no argument from me on the first . 
  the amount seems to have changed and varies depending on what is included , from programs it opted in , pensions for it 's representatives etc. . . like the fishing issue presented here , it will likely be discussed later on . 
  i wo n't deny that the eu is using this bill as a sort of political bludgeoning tool , but whether it 's a reasonable or unreasonable we 'll have to see . 
  edit : in the end after all the hurt and anger over this issue , this is what it boils down to . 
  will the uk and eu put aside any enmity and at least limit the damages , or will they hurt each other in a lose-lose scenario ? 
  i do n't exactly want the uk to suffer , but i do n't want the eu to lose out in such a deal either . 
  to put it another way , if the uk government is willing to tone down rhetoric and work together there 's no reason for things to completely fall apart , but if the uk government will take any concessions as a show of victory against the eu , than what 's the point of `` going easy '' ? 
  i wo n't go into the topic of immigration 's ethics because frankly , i 've come out of an anti-immigration thread where someone started talking about how their german grandfather kept their `` nation pure '' and i got called a french cunt . 
  the degradation of political discourse has hit everyone hard . 
  of course , but there 's also the fact that even one year on there 's uncertainty over whether a hard or soft brexit is sought , someone else said their reason for brexit was that the eu was preventing the uk from getting `` easy deals '' with the rest of the world . 
  i would also like to point out that the uk did n't accept the refugee resettlement .
