  you 've had the photo-shopped documents , the basic slurs and the #macronleaks ( which incidentally was in english and parroted by gormless americans ) . 
  well , how about intimidation ? 
  we 're still trying to sort out and investigate the e-mails sent . 
  how about blatant manipulation ? 
  http://www.journaldemontreal.com/2017/02/07/emmanuel-macron-inquiete-par-wikileaks http://www.cnbc.com/2017/05/07/macron-email-leaks-far-right-wikileaks-twitter-bots.html, 
  oh bugger off cheerleader . 
  if you do n't have anything to contribute , do n't bother . 
  unless of course , you 're an alt account of the other person , which would n't suprise me . 
  good , because i have n't mentioned the americans once , i 'm talking of the french election . 
  `` we '' , frankly with the meddling from foreign powers such as the us and russia , there is no `` we '' . 
  with the creation of signatures for bank accounts with artifacts from photo-shop still remaining amongst others , my point is that this is n't the truth , they 've long since switched to a campaign of misinformation . 
  also , it 's not your american political spectrum i 'm talking about here , if anything i would say it 's the fascists who did this . 
  that 's the company that wikileaks are now keeping . 
  right , releasing e-mails right before the polls with fakes inside , in the time of a media blackout is something that a paragon of the truth does . 
  funny that macron had to keep a whole team to deal with hacking attempts , while le pen did not . 
  in this case , i do n't give damn about him and the americans . 
  with recent events , i 've lost all of my remaining respect of wikileaks . 
  their high-minded rhetoric sounds false , when their partisan efforts such as what they tried to pull in our recent elections are revealed . 
  that being said , the charges and the extent of the efforts to pursue him were always obviously politically motivated . 
  it 's hard to speak of justice , when this was more about the whistle-blowing efforts than his crime . 
  your own countrymen and you defend this ? 
  is this is a common thing you do in turkey , mob and beat up non-violent protesters ? 
  i would like to signal that i 've been hearing the excuse `` they 're terrorists '' a lot for any type of turkish opposition , so pardon me if i 'm not convinced . 
  says he right after a conservative politician attacks the irish . 
  i would n't say that it 's targeting poland so much as it 's current awful government . 
  edit : although reading in the article , it seems in this case it 's just an economics dispute . 
  on what ? 
  the collaboration is not secret . 
  in 1940 , the french vichy collabos took steps to remove nationality to those who were naturalized ( a move that is now illegal ) , which sheds a dubious light on your `` the french jewish were not killed '' claim . 
  in the 3rd october 1940 , they released the first of many `` statut des juifs '' , which legalized exclusion of even the french citizenship possessing jewish . 
  we had dancy , we had rafles , we had multiple deportations with the co-operation by the police in places like marseilles , avignon and grenoble . 
  the vichy regime actively participated in genocide . 
  to say otherwise is n't just a case of historical argumentation in facts , it 's the attempted whitewashing of the collaborationist government . 
  it 's quite easy to find an article in it with a search engine . 
  start with bousquet-oberg accords . 
  ... was my secret envy so obvious ? 
  so portugal has won the eurovision , the football cup and the new secretay general is portuguese . 
  they 're certainly been going up in the world recently !, 
  there 's quite a legacy to be had due to the effects of the renaissance and more . 
  `` the french jewish population had one of the best survival rates in europe ( around 80 % ) . '', 
  you 've said a thing that 's `` technically '' correct , as befitting the stereotypical bureaucrat , but in truth the french left most of the jewish to get killed by the germans . 
  i 'm criticizing an attempt to try to push guilt away from the vichy regime by phrasing it as if it was an unfortunate consequence of an armistice , when in fact the vichy regime actively hunted and rounded up the jewish . 
  i do n't think i 'll ever get tired of these architecture posts . 
  you know the whole `` i 'm reasonable '' tactic was something that le pen pushed , but when the facade fell this was all revealed to be smoke and mirrors . 
  do n't pretend that there is no cause for worry about the rise of these ultra-nationalistic parties . 
  condolences to the finnish . 
  it can be charming , but any strong accent can be annoying . 
  if anyone likes these , i also recommend `` oss 117 '' . 
  it 's a pretty good parody . 
  whereas the french `` german jews '' were killed . 
  that 's only a play on words , which would satisfy a bureaucrat , but the truth of the situation is the vichy regime left many of the jewish to be slaughtered . 
  bah , that 's quisling talk . 
  to absolve the vichy regime and the collaborators of any wrongdoing as if they were simple helpless victims of the situation is to to do wrong to the truth of the situation . 
  to say that everyone is guilty is to say that no one 's guilty , and there certainly was more criminals than in hitler 's inner circle . 
  if we really went into the loop about tiresome things , people saying that political cartoons are n't clever have existed as long as the political cartoon , and than the annoying people like i who point that out have existed as long as people who complain about political cartoonists . 
  :p i 'm also pretty sure there 's a few more layers about people who complain about people who complain about political cartoons . 
  i would like to point something that 's been happening in political discourse lately , the big lie that the nationalists have managed to push , that they and only they love their country and to oppose them is to be a traitor . 
  i think that 's a big lie that the nationalists have managed to push , that they and only they love their country and to oppose them is to be a traitor . 
  i think what 's been missed is that the opposition is more to the people who use the label of `` nationalist '' to push their own agenda . 
  hey , you admitted your fault . 
  you 're not the only person who talked about something they did n't understand ( this is reddit after all ) , and you 're honest enough to admit it . 
  i wo n't down-vote that . 
  i do n't have much to object about these candidates . 
  in fact seeing the creation of this new party , i almost feel hopeful !, 
  tone is difficult to carry on the internet , so apologizing too much is a side effect of i trying to remain cordial , i guess . 
  i 'll try to refrain from apologizing for that :p . 
  very well , i suppose this relates to a gulf that relates more to a worldview on institutions that may be hard to re-conciliate . 
  would you be willing to expand on your own beliefs ? 
  in my case , you 're correct . 
  i believe in a moral and equal society , but i think that 's it 's possible to achieve within the current framework of our society . 
  well , as long as we are both believe in the same good and are peaceful , i think it 's possible to co-exist . 
  you 're right , and my guess was wrong . 
  i 'll like to state however , that as a voter of the ps in france ( the one that 's close to hamon , not the ones that are like valls and hollande ) , the eu has it 's fair share of human right protections and times it fought against multi-nationals , that i would n't put them as a direct capitalist institution , but that 's a discussion for another time . 
  edit : rather , the powers of collective bargaining allows individual nations to have a stronger position versus predatory corporations . 
  the eu is not perfect , but in the current socio-political climate , i think ideological purism would only help the far-right and the many oligarch candidates that are supported by them . 
  although , my assumption that only the fa-right would be euro-skeptic was ignorant , i apologize . 
  it 's as good a guess as any . 
  it 's a rather extreme position for the right and the left , and the far-left are n't exactly focusing on the eu , but rather inequality . 
  leaving the eu has become a staple for many far-right parties as part of their `` anti-globalist '' manifesto . 
  if it was a poster advocating for dealing with pollution , it would be fair to hazard a guess that it was made by an environmentalist . 
  it 's a guess of course , but an educated guess , viewing past experiences . 
  edit : euro-skepticism is n't exactly unique to the far-right , but in the event that they 're calling for an `` irexit '' , it 's become a bit more extreme than that . 
  those were some of my favorites too !, 
  waiting for the castle fad to come back . 
  i should have specified then `` american far-right '' . 
  the only group of english speakers who had an interest in meddling in the campaign was the american far-right . 
  i doubt the american left would meddle in this way and any french political group would have written it in french . 
  the leak also had the effect in the eu of showing how conniving the uk government was their attempts of secrecy and also their complete incompetence , that they had believed their own propaganda . 
  in essence , it lift the lid of how unprepared they were , within the contents of that leak . 
  it 's shown juncker 's own problems yes , but let 's not pretend that there was n't some meat in the leaks themselves . 
  personally , this brexit discussion was a poisoned well from the start , a series of gaffes and sour incidents that started before farage , may and juncker . 
  frankly , the british press would have run it for their credit either way . 
  i 'm guessing they were n't even irish , #macronleaks for instance was all english and used the tired old - gate ending . 
  asking for imagination from the far-right is a tough order , eh ? 
  i remember on another thread that someone was saying it 's ridiculous that some members of the eu think that the british want to destroy them . 
  maybe so , but when farage has been your spokesman for a while , what do you expect ? 
  maybe . 
  it was however great for our voyeuristic pleasure . 
  in the case i would probably be communist . 
  i would much rather guillotine the le pens dynasty than join them .
