  frankly no . 
  we 're probably going to be in a rough relationship for the next few years of course . 
  it just feels good to tell those arrogant bastards what i think about them . 
  tony abott laughed at the eu headquarters and those delusions have to be crushed . 
  seeing your post it 's pretty obvious who 's side you 're on . 
  why not try putting those fine diplomatic skills on the british ? 
  because let me tell you clearly . 
  the british want all the benefits of the union without any of it 's obligations and if denying them that means we 're going to do a `` trade war '' against them , then they 're free to bunker down and blame us , but they can no longer blackmail the eu . 
  it 's time the uk starts being the ones who does concessions . 
  yeah , fuck off with your tail between your legs . 
  so if i start pointing out at your own damned headlines it wo n't work ? 
  or maybe you want a pat on your head of `` at least you 're not trying to nuke us '' , which is great because the uk is only trying to fracture the union . 
  it 's simple , the uk has made it quite clear numerous times that they want the eu gone and it 's nations down . 
  you lot are hostile to us . 
  no , it 's the truth of the matter , you 're just another country now and even less in some matters . 
  go rot in your islands . 
  maybe have a think on why relations have gotten so bad instead of outraged at the suggestion that the nonsensical and aggressive foreign policy of the uk is now very much like nk . 
  oh sorry , i forgot the brits do n't have any self-awareness , so let me spell it out for you . 
  you 've treated us all like shit and put us in jeopardy , so no way in hell are we giving any special treatment . 
  that 's pretty much what you lot have been telling us for years , so frankly you can fuck off too . 
  we ca n't really negotiate when the uk has gone absolutely mad . 
  would you be okay with calls to come to a agreement with north korea ? 
  this is barely hyperbole , the uk has become reactionary and we 're not going to win by giving them a inch of anything . 
  while i empathize , seeing who this is coming from viewing the poster 's history i have to say that it 's just a taste of what others have to go through when dealing with the uk . 
  frankly , while i feel sorry for the british , there is satisfaction in the confirmation that the political circus they 've had will affect their international reputation . 
  amazing , you wrote a whole paragraph which does n't actually say anything . 
  have you thought about running for parliament ? 
  the good news being that means that mexico is an oecd country !, 
  since one of the arguments that scotland stay in the union was that they got to stay in the eu , i would say that there 's enough broken promises on either side , that the english ca n't get high and mighty about the scottish deciding to rethink their union . 
  edit : i agree that they should n't veto the brexit , but it 's still dirty politics . 
  well i remember a saying which went `` people wo n't remember what you said , but they will remember how you made them feel '' . 
  the general feeling of the quote remained . 
  does he really have to come back ? 
  ca n't we just dump him on an island somewhere ? 
  i thought you were done ? 
  i would go into the grammar errors , but you 're not really interested in any honest discussion . 
  that 's five experts . 
  also your initial link was broken . 
  you know this is sort of why i dislike having to deal with trump fans , pure disdain and then they run away . 
  well , bye then . 
  you 've dodged most of the points and since you have n't provided the experts , so i 'll go with the idea that they 're imaginary . 
  well , that and your link is broken . 
  copy-pasted it , does n't work . 
  ( not to mention that having never heard of the place , the choice of name is n't exactly convincing ) to say that nationalism has nothing to do with fascism is funny . 
  right , and capitalism has nothing to do with money , and communism has no relation with the color red . 
  i would like to see the source on these experts , especially since literally every expert is a pretty bold claim . 
  let 's see the tenets of what fascism are however , and i can break them down at little : 1 . powerful and continuing nationalism \u2713 2 . disdain for the recognition of human rights \u2713 3 . identification of enemies/scapegoats as a unifying cause : trump has several of them \u2713 4 . supremacy of the military : they want to be isolationist in the way that they will break their current military treaties versus japan and the eu , but he is still for using the military as a blunt hammer . \u2713 5 . rampant sexism : what else do you want me to say ? \u2713 6 . controlled mass media x 7 . obsession with national security \u2713 8 . religion and government are intertwined : x thankfully , for now 9 . corporate power is protected : ( explanation , that 's it not so much for globalized corporation as the supremacy of corporate owners in fascist regimes in the service of the state ) too mixed for trump . 
  seeing his track record though i do n't expect him to be a teddy roosevelt . 
  10 . labor power is suppressed \u2713 11 . disdain for intellectuals and the arts \u2713 i ca n't believe he joined in the climate change is a hoax crowd . 
  12 . obsession with crime and punishment \u2713 13 . rampant cronyism and corruption . 
  too early to say in business he has n't been clean , but he has n't been in a political office . 
  personally , i 'm pessimistic of him being honest . 
  14 . fraudulent elections x i would also add cult of personality \u2713 now , what were you saying about every expert ? 
  not all fascist leaders hit all of these points either . 
  frankly , that he has n't articulated much of his positions is not a good thing . 
  this just makes me sad . 
  while i had problems with the uk , it 's a bit shocking to see this sort of stuff happen . 
  was it always like this , just hidden behind the surface ? 
  maybe it 's even worse for the average brit . 
  well hopefully there 's a example now for why i ca n't let the same psychos win their elections in my country . 
  not so much about standards , so much that the rest of europe think the brits are a bunch of murdering xenophobes , even when it 's only a minority . 
  it 's a bit sad how quickly their international reputation has gone down, 
  that accusation is out of line . 
  i 'll like to point out that i find him to not only be a clown , but a dangerous populist candidate reminiscent of a few fascists , so i 'm not the best person to commiserate this with . 
  just so you know . 
  i do n't like manipulative media , but that does n't automatically make me disagree with everything they say . 
  as one of the left , i do want to apologize for that . 
  although from what i heard about americans , their media is just bad . 
  the rate of the religious in france is actually surprisingly high . 
  you 've given me another reminder on why i should never vote for you . 
  calais ? 
  it 's a jungle which the french government is trying to dismantle , though it 's easier said than done since it rebuilds itself often . 
  there 's always some groups trying to get to the uk . 
  i 'm surprised you 've commented , it seems most of the other comments have been deleted . 
  funny , the original poster was complaining that we were hurting his feelings by suggesting that he was against the spirit of charlie hebdo . 
  of course , confronted with it you both so eloquently said `` are you high or idiot '' . 
  why did i even try to use decency on platform on runs of short nonsense proclamations or direct name calling . 
  because it 's disgusting when vultures use them for their own ends , especially when they fought against the right and the religious zealots . 
  that works , but what do you think of this sort of language ? 
  acceptable , unacceptable ? 
  is there a cultural barrier that we 're missing ? 
  from my viewpoint , this sort of language only feels like pure hostility from the uk . 
  coming from a country which shot itself in the foot and now wo n't take responsibility for it 's own mess . 
  hate the mainlanders ? 
  than fuck off . 
  should just have the eu kick out the uk instead of this invoking of article 50 which is never gon na happen . 
  better for both parties . 
  i wish nothing but the best to the swedish and i hope they catch the driver as quickly as possible . 
  of course he can , but as a former high ranking politician his words will have weight . 
  actions have consequences , and this is basic diplomacy . 
  to believe otherwise is quite simply to not understand politics . 
  even beforehand it can be seen with your vocabulary of `` snowflakes '' and `` faux outrage '' that you believe that this is just some social scandal . 
  this is a diplomatic incident !, 
  learn to tell the difference between the two , because it certainly seems the incompetents in the uk government ca n't . 
  this is why i 've accused you of not understanding the situation , not because you 're not nearby , but because you evidently do n't understand the local situation . 
  this discussion has given me a pretty good idea of your familiarity and it 's less argument now and more explaining things to you . 
  the agreement between spain and the uk is standard border discussions and does not give a leg to stand on for your argument of a spanish takeover for example . 
  it 's been a thing for a long time however . 
  my favorite onemanupship was the castle fad . 
  i was pointing out there 's a sort of double think occurring on your assessment of the uk vs spain .
