  i must have visited a different quarter , because this does n't look familiar to me ... any idea where in the marseille this was taken ? 
  i would like to say i would have done that anyway , but it 's still good advice , thank you !, 
  do n't flatter yourself . 
  you 're not the only person from france here . 
  i would also keep some of those comments to myself , since in the short time i 've read you here , you 've been insulting and combative . 
  i can only hope that cooler heads prevail in the right . 
  that 's the debate . 
  i prefer hamon , but after hollande , i 'm not sure if many would vote for him out of association . 
  macron seems to be able to attract voters and counteract le pen 's populism . 
  either way , i would prefer if one of them makes it to the second round . 
  it 's more that i 'm choosing between two candidates who share some of the same essential moral viewpoints , in comparison at least to the other two . 
  i 'll go more in depth to the economic policies later , but right now i 'm just happy that there 's two `` sane '' candidates . 
  i 'm debating whether to vote for hamon or macron . 
  still , it 's amazing the amount of hope i have for the political future . 
  a few months ago , it was a grim choice between le pen and fillon , but now there 's actually two candidates i like . 
  that one 's just for an ego boost . 
  i 'm sorry to say that i tried getting an equal quote on the us of the other side from the period , but the best i 've got was : `` america is great because she is good . 
  if america ceases to be good , america will cease to be great . '' -- alexis de tocqueville, 
  it is on topic , and that 's exactly what they 've said . 
  you 're the one who used them as an example of unfair downvotes , and i 'm saying that it 's richly deserved . 
  there is a problem with the upvote , downvote system , i 'm not denying that . 
  it 's just that they 're not really a good example . 
  was n't boris johnson the one doing a big tour of trying to help turkey 's candidacy ? 
  a move that was called out for by the eu because the uk was already leaving ? 
  he probably did it to hurt the eu more and to get support from those like you , who do n't read the full story . 
  when talking about the tenets of democracy lately , i 've often found myself quoting the american founding fathers lately . 
  they have a lot of good quotes . 
  1 ) you know what i meant . 
  was she elected to be the pm ? 
  2 ) that they tried that at all is alarming . 
  that they were defeated is reassuring . 
  3 ) perhaps , but it 's still a warning sign . 
  rhetoric like that does n't exist in a vacuum . 
  4 ) at that margin , i would have said it 's a sign to discuss the uk 's membership , but accusation aside , there should have been a balanced political discussion , not what we saw and the government should n't have taken the vote as permission to immediately hard-brexit without a plan , leaving almost a 1/2 of the uk in limbo . 
  liberal democracies rarely run with tyranny of the majority , they rule by proportional representation . 
  5 ) it 's followed by `` i 'm saying i have complete confidence in the immorality of the anti-eu parties . '', 
  each on it 's own is not too alarming , all of them together however paints a certain trend . 
  you know , i despise historical revisionism for political purposes ; their quote is : `` her immigration plan would save france . 
  the history of europe shows multi ethnic states very rarely work and never multi racial . '', 
  may as well be saying `` one land , one blood , one people '' ; i think the neo-nazi spiel is why they 're being downvoted so it 's facetious to play the victim . 
  edit : to add to this , this was n't even the case for france even during it 's colonial period while it was a kingdom . 
  there is a problem with the upvote , downvote system , i 'm not denying that . 
  it 's just that they 're not really a good example . 
  a `` liberal democracy '' which is also passed the most draconian surveillance laws in the developed world ( not applicable to the politicians of course ) , who has an unelected leader , a party which recently tried to bypass a parliament , and one of the journals of the free press who called its judges `` traitors to the people '' for noting the illegality of the previous move . 
  all with the current administration . 
  as for the brexit itself , i 'm skeptical about the referendum since it 's turning into a case of tyranny of the majority , but that 's a topic for a different time . 
  i 'm not saying i do n't have confidence in france , i 'm saying i have complete confidence in the immorality of the anti-eu parties . 
  edit : i 'm not saying this as a way to hurt the brits , just that i despise what their current political party has done , and i do n't want their french version to be in power in any form . 
  seeing as the main-anti eu parties are far-right and idolize dictators , and seeing your tories and trump 's current rule , i hope you 're not offended if i say : i doubt it . 
  the possibilities are infinite , but the likely consequence fairly predictable . 
  perhaps in another political climate it would be as you said , but for now the left who vote for the anti-eu are parties are quite frankly delusional . 
  no , with international politics as it is , it 's likely that the alternative will be next will be a period of economic decline ( the extent of which depends on how much economic growth one attributes to the ue ) where will be pawns to the other superpowers , a likely consequence of which would be the loosening of environmental regulations for example . 
  the assumption that there will be an opportunity to retry this project in the near future is optimistic at best . 
  i was n't fond of measures such as austerity , but with the uk out of the union , the balance of power has shifted to france and italy which are against that . 
  i 'm more of the opinion that with the current crisis , the ue now has the political capital to reform , as long as someone who does n't actively want to destroy the ue is elected in france . 
  it 's not perfect , but it 's a compromise where we can get some of the things we want , instead of letting dogmatic hatred of the `` establishment '' make you want to destroy it at any cost , no matter if what replaces it is even worse . 
  as you said , one ca n't be too rigid in today 's society . 
  this is the endgame of presidential dictatorships , remember his arguments , particularly his earlier ones and remember that some of our candidates echo him . 
  be careful of those who disdain the application of the law on them , and who argue for the erosion of liberty and rights in the name of safety . 
  the eu has many problems , but i 'm not willing to kill it because of them , knowing the alternatives . 
  we 've seen what 's happened in the u.s. 
  he 's asking if you 're joking , because you sound like a bad far-right caricature of their much hated `` liberals '' and i 'm not dismissing the possiblity that you are some kind of parody . 
  that and creating enclaves of the same people is actually anathema to multiculturalism ; better integration is the solution . 
  saying that europe being 90 % white is white privilege is also ridiculous . 
  unequal social opportunities or rights is privilege , demographics is not , otherwise most of the planet is chinese privileged . 
  this is coming from a socialist as well . 
  the only consolation about terrorists , is that they 're often just as stupid as they 're vicious . 
  after the paris attacks the french government cracked down on finding and dismantling any terrorist cell they could find , and you 'll notice since then that most of the attacks are from `` lone wolves '' a person or group of people who are not receiving resources or training from outside groups , but are actually self-radicalized . 
  they ca n't plan military style terrorist attacks anymore , but as seen in nice they can still be deadly , and are even harder to detect by the intelligence services . 
  yes !, 
  i had given up hope that he would ever be imprisoned . 
  that being said , he might manage to evade charges yet again , but at least he wo n't replace fillon in the presidential elections . 
  let 's hope this is a toast to 25 more years as well . 
  i 'll recant if anything nasty turns up about marcon , but so far he seems to have kept his nose clean . 
  the hit pieces that they 're doing here seems to be less turning up dirt and more trying to slander him with hit pieces . 
  honestly , this attempt to call him a us plant and question his integrity by linking to clinton 's emails is laughable , especially when le pen is proven to accept money from russia and the us and fillon is under a corruption investigation . 
  monopolies has and have occurred without governmental intervention . 
  robber barons and oligarchs actually thrive in anarcho-liberal economies , where there is no protection against acts such as undercutting of competition via theft , falsifying market data , intimidation and plagiarism . 
  fairness is not a rule of nature and must be necessary for free enterprise , that 's one of the central tenets of capitalism . 
  if anything your argument strengthens the case that a government free from oligarchic corruption is necessary for the well functioning of capitalism . 
  well , i would argue that some regulations are necessary for capitalism to work properly , such as anti-monopoly measures . 
  besides , seeing as the former communist countries such as russia and china have gone for the cutthroat oligarchy that the us is heading into ... 
  the point is that it 's more of a situation where a russian tells an irishman about alcohol abstinence . 
  last time everyone was posting landscape flags and before that a series of `` what d nationality think of other europeans '' . 
  i like the castles more in comparison . 
  i 'm getting unpleasant flashbacks to the bush era . 
  ha `` capitalism '' , you should have put oligarchy instead . 
  i think the eu is more for free trade . 
  maybe , but i doubt anyone wants to risk the possibility of le pen getting any advantage . 
  it would be a very dangerous political game , especially with the current political climate . 
  while i agree , it 's not exactly a new comparison . 
  after trump 's recent comments , i 'm hoping for anyone pro-eu to get elected . 
  oh right , the banker is actually the counselor for federal regulations . 
  i 've lost track sometime after perry for the department of energie because it was too surreal . 
  well , as an environmentalist , the projections are catastrophic with the current cabinet of climate change skeptics , they have a banker for their secretary of state and trump seems intent to become bush 2.0 in terms of political scandals . 
  that 's enough of me . 
  france is one of the core members of the eu however , and unlike the uk which has opted out of many of the eu initiatives , france was center in almost all of them . 
  not to mention that a lot of the strength of the eu comes from the co-operation between it 's member states . 
  like it or not , the eu is important to europe and it 's failure will change the lives of the average citizen . 
  well , he was our little experiment with populism and even with all his promises he only used his office to enrich himself .
