  devaluation of currency can be a good way some of the economy , but for all their celebrating this will hurt the `` average '' british more than anything . 
  although this might get in the way of your `` narrative '' ( this type of accusation is obnoxious is n't it ? ), 
  that 's another thing that should been learned from basic economics . 
  it means that internet and free information are one of the tenets of a free society , but they wo n't necessarily protect us if all else fails . 
  a stable government is needed to ensure free information , not the reverse . 
  reactionary , describing far-right , a more extreme form of conservatism , which not only does not want change , it wishes to regress . 
  immigration , trade , regulations that are financial , sanity , environmental and otherwise , most immigration , politic dealings with other nations . 
  take your pick . 
  yes it does . 
  why do you say it has nothing do with the eu countries ? 
  also no , in fact with the eu a nation is less likely to get away with having such a coup d\u2019\u00e9tat if they 're within it . 
  interconnectedness and political pressure being the main reasons . 
  one of the less mentioned benefits of the eu were democratization and the mass adaptation of human rights and changing of nations constitutions to reflect that . 
  people who do not remember this of the eu have a short memory and have forgotten what it was like beforehand . 
  oh no , that 's one thing he has n't done that i 'm grateful for . 
  he 's been useless in a lot of regards , but at least he has n't been corrupt like sarko . 
  if she pushes her bid to get france to exit the eu , she is definitely going to hurt the economy . 
  after the leaders the world 's been getting , i 'm not taking chances that someone 's incompetency will save us . 
  it 's the sentiment that i dislike . 
  that 's not something you can sugarcoat . 
  then why not start calling them rats or vermin to exterminate ? 
  i 'm sure it 's perfectly within what you would do . 
  far more clear than water to be bailed out . 
  fine , then here 's some news . 
  the eu common immigration policy was never in effect for 24 out of 27 eu nations one of them being the uk and ireland : `` ireland and the united kingdom choose , on a case-by-case basis , whether or not to adopt eu rules on immigration , visa and asylum policies . '', 
  now , ignoring whether the eu laws are sufficient , the uk was not beholden to them . 
  they already had their special status . 
  apart from making trips harder for other europeans , it 's the same , at least for now . 
  it was a scapegoat policy , and like the financial contributions to the eu ( which was smaller than the eu subsidies for areas such as scotland , wales and northern ireland ) it wo n't do what most of it 's voters hoped it would do . 
  this was a myth , drivel printed by british tabloids . 
  same globalization , same international laws , same extreme inequality . 
  the question is , will the british keep on exiting other groups until they 've run out of scapegoats ? 
  yes and now we know we know you lot are also going for other eu nations . 
  i find your description of whom you call foreigners chilling . 
  either way i will explain what i meant . 
  the uk 's immigration was either from countries such as india and pakistan , which was of it 's own control or from eastern european countries which was part of the eu free movement . 
  it did n't have obligations to accept a third group , migrants from the eu ( despite germany 's ineffectual efforts i admit ) . 
  even if it leaves the eu it will still have immigrants unless the uk suddenly decides to close down the country completely , which would n't surprise me . 
  or if they 're doing this in the hopes that a weaker economy would mean less people would be attracted to immigrate . 
  hmm . 
  well , i 've always knew that you guys were going to start aiming against the polish and the eastern europeans . 
  guess i was right . 
  it 's funny how the pro-brexit facades disappears and the truth comes naked now is n't it ? 
  perhaps , but it means that technology and the internet ca n't prevent regression . 
  there has to be a government form that allows and even embraces free information . 
  the foreign policy of the uk has quickly become reactionary . 
  this is in 21st century europe as well and it happened in only a few months . 
  as for history , i 'm referring to what happened during wwii with nazi germany and the countries it occupied . 
  republics fell and their values dissipated very quickly . 
  all it takes is one bad election or coup d\u2019\u00e9tat for the state to do monstrous things . 
  the europeans are not immune to authoritarianism , there 's already a first-hand example . 
  you know , the weird thing is that the brexit itself wo n't actually reduce the amount of foreigners either . 
  well , unless it 's the start of other plans that is . 
  edit : re-posting this because i 've had no response to this and it 's worth saying to the constant misinformation campaign around here : the eu common immigration policy was never in effect for 24 out of 27 eu nations one of them being the uk and ireland : `` ireland and the united kingdom choose , on a case-by-case basis , whether or not to adopt eu rules on immigration , visa and asylum policies . '', 
  now , ignoring whether the eu laws are sufficient , the uk was not beholden to them . 
  they already had their special status . 
  apart from making trips harder for other europeans , it 's the same , at least for now . 
  it was a scapegoat policy , and like the financial contributions to the eu ( which was smaller than the eu subsidies for areas such as scotland , wales and northern ireland ) it wo n't do what most of it 's voters hoped it would do . 
  this was a myth , drivel printed by british tabloids . 
  same globalization , same international laws , same extreme inequality . 
  the question is , will the british keep on exiting other groups until they 've run out of scapegoats ? 
  perhaps , they help . 
  still , other countries have access to the latter two and that has n't prevented bad political moves and diplomatic incidents . 
  as for culture , seeing what 's happened to the uk and viewing history , a society can change very rapidly . 
  what nationality are you , or which language do you prefer to speak ? 
  i have to know because if you 're an english speaker i 'll start accusing you of being deliberately obtuse ( look at the second sentence of my post ) , and if you 're not i 'll try communicating in a way that will be more understandable . 
  edit : your point is that something other than the eu is keeping europe 's relations good , right ? 
  what would that be ? 
  you 're dodging the question . 
  answer what i asked . 
  at this point you 've said it ca n't deteriorate , not specify why . 
  ca n't what ? 
  ca n't know the effect of isis ? 
  what is the `` a lot more than that '' than ? 
  oh , there is no way l am i ever going to vote fn !, 
  that being said in the above scenario i will probably have to get drunk before i vote , possibly with everyone else i know . 
  for example , the recent bit where he said climate changes was a hoax was probably from trying to capture the vote of the far-right . 
  i do n't know if he truly believes that , but it 's apparent that he 's unscrupulous . 
  the only thing i 'm sure of is that he 's corrupt and is primarily interested in himself . 
  voting for him vs the fn is a gamble i do n't ever want to take . 
  thanks , we 're all going to need all the luck we can get . 
  except from the point of a gun . 
  that 's isis main contribution . 
  france should know progress is not linear , especially social progress . 
  relations and peace can deteriorate very quickly , and it 's ignorant to assume that peace will last without effort . 
  i think the uk gets more in benefits than it pays , tragically enough . 
  losing the uk will hurt of course , but the thing with the brexit is that it ca n't use the threat of leaving the eu , since it already is . 
  so , no leverage from that anymore . 
  or sad . 
  frankly , i 've always considered sarkozy to be worse , corruption and all which is why hollande was elected in the first place . 
  hopefully jupp\u00e9 makes it through , but if fran\u00e7ois runs against marine , i 'm still voting for the former . 
  if it 's sarkozy vs le pen , i 'll be lost . 
  after being called a traitor by a number of far right members , i 'm going to enjoy someone directing their rhetoric at them . 
  how does your accusations feel now , you hacks backed by actual damned fascists ? 
  oh wait you all play the victim now . 
  typical . 
  ha , i think more people show up for the regular strikes . 
  oh you have to look at the map for society and concerns of immediate family under society !, 
  it 's red everywhere except with the finnish , the british , the czechs and the austrians !, 
  hmm .
