  other criticisms of po shows that this is not only a case of the pis being victimized , but one of many worrying developments in polish politics . 
  your attempts to play down the events that occurred are worrying and my accusation of partisanship are from the false claims that the eu did n't care beforehand , but should now stay out of it . 
  does the issue of the breach of the separation of the judicial branch not matter to you ? 
  this demand however that the eu is `` meddling in interior politics '' as you 've demonstrated is actually an exact example of what i 've mentioned about the polish refusing to abide by the laws required for member states of the eu . 
  do you believe that with all these previous scandals , that there is no ground for this recent confrontation ? 
  http://www.lemonde.fr/europe/article/2016/10/17/la-pologne-rejette-les-critiques-du-conseil-de-l-europe-sur-ses-reformes-constitutionnelles_5015286_3214.html http://www.lemonde.fr/idees/article/2017/02/09/en-pologne-l-etat-de-droit-n-est-plus-que-theorique_5076989_3232.html i believe we 're also straying from the original point that you asked on what grounds i said that they 've been using the eu as a `` punching bag '' and `` scapegoat '' . 
  now those two terms mean that polish politicians in that case used political attacks against the eu perhaps for domestic political gain , but i would like to note that this is not the same meaning as you would think of for perhaps a country like the us and russia , where this takes the form of aggressive rhetoric . 
  in this case , it is a use of the eu as a boogeyman to deflect criticisms of their actions . 
  polish quitting of eu programs , vague references during the auschwitz speech , hostility with complying with the court of law , as well with attacks foreign media . 
  http://www.lemonde.fr/europe/article/2017/02/21/en-pologne-les-medias-prives-dans-le-collimateur-du-gouvernement_5082689_3214.html all his shows a drift in relations , and i do not appreciate that i am now actively have to bring up every single incident . 
  i would have thought that a nuclear power plant would be one of the least titillating workplaces that exists . 
  funny how you demanded references from me , but do nothing for your own claims . 
  anyway `` did n't care '' ? 
  on december 15 , 2015 martin schulz , president of the european parliament , described the political situation in poland as dramatic , with the latest actions of the polish government having `` characteristics of a coup '' . 
  schulz explicitly refused to withdraw this appraisal after protests by the polish prime minister beata szyd\u0142o and minister of foreign affairs witold waszczykowski . 
  you did n't even deny however the move , only saying `` what about the opposition '' , one of the weakest political maneuvers with deflection . 
  also , i recommend you actually read the articles linked on tusk , because it goes a bit beyond that . 
  that being said , yes the eu should crackdown on the constitutional crisis . 
  i intended to give a bit of a backdrop the situation , since i believed you were ignorant of it , but frankly since you seem so familiar with the polish media , why not try remembering the polish discourse during that time ? 
  http://www.lemonde.fr/europe/article/2017/06/15/polemique-en-pologne-apres-le-discours-de-la-premiere-ministre-a-auschwitz_5144708_3214.html http://www.lemonde.fr/europe/article/2017/03/30/la-pologne-annule-sa-participation-a-l-eurocorps_5103260_3214.html there . 
  because at this point you 're either deliberately ignorant or are just going to refuse any explanation due to partisanship , both of which mean there 's no point . 
  i also named the drunk for the same reason that i think the polish gov blamed the british for the attack on polish workers . 
  aggressive government rhetoric can inflame local fanatics . 
  does that sound familiar ? 
  very well . 
  would you accept english media ? 
  i 'm more familiar with articles from le monde , but that might not work . 
  the most infamous case i can think of was the fight between the main government and it 's judicial branch , which provoked some rebukes from the eu . 
  https://www.euractiv.com/section/justice-home-affairs/news/poland-rejects-eu-warning-on-constitutional-court-crisis/ https://www.europeaninstitute.org/index.php/ei-blog/287-july-2016/2180-democratic-backsliding-in-poland-and-hungary-8-4 for the time the rift provoked several bitter political back and forth . 
  you can see the same with the spate over orban 's attempted shuttering of an university . 
  than there was the fight over tusk https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/oct/05/poland-unlikely-to-back-donald-tusk-for-second-eu-term http://www.politico.eu/article/warsaw-sours-on-eu-after-donald-tusk-debacle-eu-council-president-beata-szydlo-jaroslaw-kaczynski/ i recommend the second article which directly has the statements from polish official , foreign minister witold waszczykowski . 
  outside of political cases , there 's been a rather negative view of their reaction to the refugee crisis , and the way it 's devolved into an all purpose xenophobia including other europeans , such as with : http://www.newsweek.pl/polska/profesor-jerzy-kochanowski-pobity-w-warszawie-bo-mowil-po-niemiecku,artykuly,396761,1.html https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/51xrjl/professor_of_uw_assaulted_in_warsaw_because_he/ it was one of the threads that made a round here , that a professor was assaulted in poland for an argument that escalated because he was speaking german . 
  of course that was a single incident , but i hope i 'm posting enough to try to showcase a certain trend for why there 's now a certain bitterness to the current relations . 
  is that acceptable ? 
  i would like to point out that i 'm referring to the pis government in poland , not all the polish themselves . 
  do you want me to list all the times the pis has used the eu as a scapegoat ? 
  the divergence between poland and the eu while the latter was at it 's weakest is rather well known . 
  they 've used the eu for a punching bag for a while now , so it 's sickening that they 're suddenly behaving as if the questioning of them is unprovoked . 
  this is not a statement of whether continued hostility is useful , but at least an acknowledgment that the current circulation of the mean westerners attacking the east story is a bit more complex than what 's presented . 
  so , very few people are for stopping common defense ties or stopping trade , but everyone except denmark is against cherrypicking of eu laws if that happens . 
  edit : also the russians are the least sad about this turn of events . 
  what a surprise . 
  it was the us and the uk who invaded iraq , with the coalition also having poland , with france and germany opposed . 
  saying `` eu leaders '' is n't really correct . 
  i really doubt that . 
  while i have no doubts that some may have been swayed by the effects of trump and the brexit and the efforts of some to launch a `` global populist wave '' are known ( i still remember the amount of americans who were screaming for le pen ) , in the end the results of the last few elections can be credited more to the efforts of the politicians within each country . 
  we can not allow ourselves to be complacent or engage in schadenfreude . 
  on one hand , it restores a small shred of respect for the tories in my eyes that they at least have the integrity to not make a deal with the dup or at least the self-awareness to realize how at least that would be unpopular . 
  on the other hand , the uk is now in a state of limbo , at a time it ca n't afford it and their current political turmoil is entirely self-inflicted . 
  what happens to them now ? 
  you 're right . 
  it seems i got it confused with the agreement on international waters . 
  international fishing waters are n't regulated by the e.u. 
  leaving or staying should n't have changed anything . 
  well we 're in a state of emergency , efforts are made to break up terrorist cells , and most attacks are now by `` lone wolves '' which is slightly more difficult to stop . 
  efforts to better act and arrest militants could be made , since many reports are ignored until too late and certainly hate preaching imams will have to barred and/or expelled , but until isis is destroyed and we 've stamped out their ideology , or we invent pre-cognition , those are the best measures . 
  so , what do you mean by `` does n't want to solve the issue '' ? 
  since you 're saying you 're not propagating any orientations , what is your solution ? 
  the problem is that you 're taking the example of the estonian russian border , which is n't comparable . 
  i agree that there should proper external travel borders , but the geological situation is different . 
  we 're currently not having a problem with operatives clandestinely entering the country so much as just having people already known to the general society , are often second generation immigrants and are frequently know even to the police before they commit attacks . 
  the mountains we have are on the italian and spanish border , and any money spent on walls could be better spent on more police officers , controls or attempts to stabilize syria ( with various methods ) . 
  you said that building a wall would somehow solve this problem , but it 's not a magical solution , i 'm not arguing that walls automatically fail , but in this situation a wall would be pointless knowing what is known about the assailants . 
  than that 's less about the wall than proper travel controls . 
  yeah , yeah vote the far-right into power and they will magically solve all our problems . 
  this tactic is insultingly transparent to see through . 
  i 'll write this guy down for committing one for one of the dumbest attempts . 
  can anyone remember a terrorism attempt more moronic than `` attack police officer with a hammer '' ? 
  the attacker got shot by a police officer , seems that the government did their job fine there . 
  the problem is that most of these attackers did n't `` sneak through the border '' . 
  you 're right , although in the event of the next recession ( which will happen it 's cyclical ) hopefully the actual culprits instead of the citizens will be held accountable . 
  good point , although it 's still does n't sound like a good state of things . 
  ... is that supposed to be reassuring ? 
  because hedging on your leader being incompetent and the general populace being ignorant is n't really comforting . 
  bah , they should have shot the generals . 
  maybe kept the propagandists , if they drew something else . 
  all this rhetoric and varnish , for such an utterly moronic disaster . 
  as those who believe that when a body is sick , bleeding it will help ? 
  those were two over-simplifications , the arguments against decrease in public spending especially those which invest in the general public is that after a crash , spending and investments goes to a standstill , and perpetuating this period of uncertainty via making life to those who rely on healthcare , government jobs or education difficult , is not a good idea . 
  no , and that 's why i 'm disagreeing with you . 
  the problem is we are in an living in an interglacial period ( the warm part of an ice age , so there could be larger amounts of ice ) , and that the natural warming and cooling you are referring to may refer to the ice age cycles that may take up to 41,000 to cycle through , due to milankovitch 's theories on the impacts of orbital variations due to changes in earth 's tilt due to its elliptical orbit . 
  other changes such as it 's eccentricity ( the time when it 's closer to the sun ) goes through two cycles , one that takes 100,000 and 400,000 years , and it 's precession ( it 's rotation around an axis ) takes 26,000 years . 
  quite simply , i could also mention of the lengths of the climatological eras , to showcase that changes in climate are long , and that while we are warming and cooling , there is a difference in scale of time with our current anthropocene that it 's not comparable . 
  while yes , a debate on solutions is good , you did not mention a debate on solutions between the opening and conclusion of your comment , but the cause of climate change and conflated that with discussions about climate change management , and that is false or outright misleading . 
  so yes , they are arguing against the facts , and while some could say we should deal only with the consequences and not the causes , some would have poor future planning if this was a problem where the causes were sti 'll ongoing . 
  edit : if i am being aggressive it 's because this is n't a new tactic from worldwide climate change `` skeptics '' , and intentional or not on your part , it has be addressed quickly . 
  well , there were hackings , we 've seen the news and if it 's not russia ... also article says no trace apt28 . 
  not really , you 're not talking about approaching climate change , approaching climate change might be a debate on adaptation vs mitigation , energy policy , natural disaster management etc. . . you just took the time to say that it 's not anthropogenic as if it was fact , which has heavy implications , because it detracts from human activity by trying to waive the role of greenhouse emissions , which is a pretty insidious tactic . 
  so actually , i think the original poster is right . 
  it 's plain , but the stream with the catails does have a charm . 
  it 's not as if there 's much of a choice , we 're reunited with china on climate , and we 're both worried about russia and the current u.s gov. 
  of course , hopefully the u.s will be sane again soon , but until then ... 
  yes , and while i wo n't deny that the fn 's messages attract some workers , it has n't changed the demographics much . 
  the north votes socialist , or fn when it 's available . 
  i suppose that 's the complexity of politics . 
  there were the right that went macron or le pen and some of those who voted left who voted for le pen or abstained . 
  we 're seeing a period of extreme political change and re-alignment , where i may have more in common with a `` republicans '' than a `` socialist '' , because the question of values has come into play beyond just economics . 
  not enough i think to give credence to your hypothesis of a large shift from the left to the far-right ( if anything , we 're seeing a clash between the center and the extremes now i believe ) , but there are shifts like in other areas of europe . 
  that was the same in 2002 . 
  the same fn strongholds .
