  i and most people will never get everything they want , so we must differentiate between what we want , what we like , what we can accept , what we dislike , but can live with and what is unacceptable . 
  i would only say `` lesser evil '' in a much worse outright sham elections . 
  i may have preferred hamon , but i have no complaints over the results , viewing what could have happened . 
  pragmatic voting should n't be denigrated . 
  i 've seen from the results of the elections of last year , that non-involvement due to ideological purity is foolish and often gives worse results . 
  edit : i apologize for the aggression conveyed in this post , it 's not intended , and i 'm not a fan of the politicking mentioned in this article by the government , but i do n't think people should forget how close to the brink we were . 
  ha , yet the more i know about the fn and their supporters both locally and internationally , the happier i am they 're not in a position of power . 
  oh be quiet . 
  i think this is a situation where no one has the grounds to denigrate the brits . 
  well i take back what i thought of the polish president . 
  congratulations to the protesters for their work !, 
  separation of the branches is truly important . 
  good work !, 
  it 's especially pleasing to see such a difference in scenery as well . 
  purrfect . 
  they can try and i applaud the move for cleaner waterways , but i 'm still never going into that river . 
  ` rarely ' however is not ` never ' unfortunatly . 
  technically speaking actually we do . 
  standards of law such as not being a dictature is necessary to be part of the eu , since human rights and rule of law are part of the regulations . 
  the poles are free to do what they want , but that being said , seeing the percentage of your compatriots who do n't support this controversial move , your `` we '' is rather presumptuous . 
  good . 
  even with all my cynicism of the current u.s , these words may have more weight and i hope should sway some in poland . 
  you 're right it 's too early to be pessimistic . 
  well after turkey , there goes poland ... 
   i notice that you neglected to mention any financial support . 
  hillary 's backing by saudi arabia , big banks , and corporations was clear . 
  you have to twist your words and consider positive media coverage to be equivalent to say the same of trump . 
  huh , and yet trump has n't disdained the support of corporations of the saudis and corporations , quite the opposite in fact . 
  so do forgive me if i remain skeptical that any side of the american spectrum is clean of that . 
  trump has had alot more success making his brand accepted overseas , has n't he ? 
   tell me in detail , what is the collusion ? 
  you mean the title you 're referring to ? 
  his son going with his knowledge ( self-admitted ) to get information from a russian lawyer who is heavily affiliated with the russian government . 
  so , how is that nothing ? 
  or is your only argument `` the media told me to say that it 's nothing '' . 
  also , you 've only repeated verbatim `` it 's not big deal '' . 
   the leaks are intended to damage him and portray him as being incompetent . 
  trump has not made any attempts to lift sanctions . 
  in fact , he and his secretary of state , rex tillerson , have been crystal clear that they will leave the sanctions in place until they see something on russia 's part proving that they are acting in good faith to alter their behavior . 
  again , where are you getting this lifting of sanctions information from ? 
  * ahem * https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/21/world/asia/trump-russia-sanctions.html amongst others , but this is a english source . 
  it 's not the independant , or other tabloid news either , so at this point you 'll have to directly say the media is lying , which would signify the complete break between trump 's supporters and newspapers themselves . 
  at that point it just returns to the accusations of a personality cult . 
  edit : if anything that trump 's current opposition as he says now is not his political opponents , but primary the fourth estate is not exactly laudable . 
   his administration is compromised by obama appointees , people left over from the last administration that do not want him in charge . 
  that is honestly a new accusation , and i do n't believe it one bit . 
  one of the first moves and sources of criticism for his administration was that he preferred putting in yes-men over competent members . 
  perry , the new epa and education amongst others that are infamous , flynn and who else . 
  particular note should be taken of the `` diplomat '' who they had to change because they were stupid enough to compare the eu to the ussr . 
  that a democracy can withstand accusations that any problem is just previous regime cronies is quite frankly worrying . 
  that was one of the first moves of erdogan , you know ? 
  say it was all the fault of gulenists , meant he had carte blanche to replace anyone he did n't like . 
  as for the fbi director ? 
  from outside the u.s , it does look pretty tyrannical to fire the man who 's supposed to be investigating you , and trump did outright lie on his initial reasons for it , only admitting it to some russian ambassadors . 
  so , at what point after trump 's installation of his cronies would you say the scandals especially those he had vouched for were his fault ? 
   we care about the environment too , you know . 
  on all other matters , i would defer to you in the respect , but this ? 
  this is just full of shit from trump `` climate change is a chinese hoax '' amongst others . 
  trump who his administration is suppressing data and information like a worse case of harper . 
  tell me , what is the explanation for that ? 
  trump 's exit from the paris accords , one of the only ones in the world , was denied because this was a move to reduce warming to under 2 degreess celsius on a global scale , and incorporated most nations in the world . 
  do you realize the scale , time and resources necessary for such a negotiation based on the rhetoric of a populist ? 
  it was non-binding !, 
  trump could have remained and refused to pay a cent , but he had to pander to his base . 
  trump 's 3 trillion gdp claim that was from a fictional scenario `` by design , the chamber study intentionally imposes the most stringent greenhouse gas regulations on the sectors that would face the highest costs per ton of ghg reduction '' . 
  china is actively investing in renewable , and whose coal sector is now actively suffering . 
  i would not put faith in their complete altruism in this manner , but his claim that it would only transfer polluting jobs was completely false . 
  the non-binding aid was based on helping for the construction of infrastructure specifically so developing countries would n't go through the same polluting industrial revolution that developed countries have gone through . 
  if you think that it will `` do nothing '' than at least admit that this was borne from a distrust or hate or any international agreements and aid , rather than something inherent to the agreement . 
  seeing , as trump has also threatened to exist the world trade organization . 
  this was an agreement spearheaded by the us , your arguments are mainly a rehash of what trump has said . 
  have you actually read , or have any passing familiarity with it ? 
  not to mention that the cost currently pledged is 1/100th of the cost of the proposed `` wall '' between the us and mexico . 
  trump and the us 's foreign policy changes with the wind , it may be better to avoid setting up re-doing the whole framework of the accords for one country , which may not even be worth the effort . 
  even now , the current progress from renewable is something that is being sabotaged by trump in his pursuit of `` clean coal '' . 
  a result of the policies from the oh so hated obama . 
  frankly , i do n't think there 's any good faith that trump will help any policies on the environment , and taking the loss may be better on the long run . 
   that 's not fair . 
  no bank wanted to loan to le pen because of her political positions . 
  to me that is incredible , because her positions would be considered very socialist here . 
  only because her party was already heavily in debt from previous campaigns since the strategy of the fn was to use heavy spending to punch above their weight in comparison to other extreme parties . 
  also because they 've been embroiled in fraud scandals , and even with all of that they should never have borrowed money from foreign powers . 
  if the gravity of that is not enough , that it might be pointless to discuss collusion because our views of it are completely different . 
  also , the american right 's support of the fn was where they lost my respect , especially with their last minute hacking attempts , which frankly i will never forgive . 
  the fn , the party of the fragments of vichy , the would be assassins of de gaulle . 
  the fn who says that `` citizenship should be tied to blood '' ( which was n't a case even during the empire ) . 
  the fn who has a policy list thinner than a wafer , except for a couple obvious flagship policies . 
  who 's civilized mask is extremely thin , and has fallen multiple times via the rantings of their members and officials . 
  comparing them to socialists , an actual other party , is like comparing republics to democratic republics . 
  or more appropriately , socialists to national socialists . 
  i would have accepted that the us supported a candidate from les r\u00e9publicains , viewing the shift from left to right , but the fn is unacceptable . 
  all the parties , right , left and center , except the communists this time normally form a bloc against them for a good reason . 
  i do n't know if i can convey to you who they are or if you care . 
   a flip-flop is when you change your position on something while the underlying circumstances have not changed . 
  i get tired on having to repeat this over and over , but the 2 % agreement arbitrary as it was , was agreed upon , but it was simply not fast enough for trump . 
  right , now nothing has actually changed , apart from calls for more co-operation between eu nations . 
  has the u.s media decided to yell `` mission accomplished '' than ? 
  apart from his attempt to make germany pay more protection , in a face to face meeting , which was unrelated to the subject . 
  something which was shockingly amateurish , a move he may or may now have recused . 
  i would also like to point that in between the time of his reversal from wanting to quit nato , he also got embroiled in the syrian war , so no one is fooled by the reason for his turn-around .
