i do n't know what i like more , that a good part of europe loves pure fan-service shows , or that in the middle there 's the swiss with the toilet seat salesman . 
  aah , i had forgotten the american threats . 
  you lot are a lot like russia in that respect . 
  you do n't intimidate me , pig . 
  edit : i understand that the insults is not good for clear discussion , and i will refrain in the future , but seeing as he 's started with the veiled threats , i can confidently say there 's no discussion to be had . 
  ( still , i 'm sorry for everyone else ), 
  someone here and on other subs said that trump and his kind would make france `` great again '' . 
  i already think with all it 's problems , has it 's greatness , but that 's beside the point . 
  the most objectionable part is that the `` greatness '' they 're talking about is a military obsessed , anti-intellectual , fanatically religious and brutal state , the opposite of what france stands for , which shows me that they never understood what made france a good country . 
  if they want to destroy the republic , than they 'll have to do it over my dead body . 
  i ca n't say about the whole country , but should i talk about my area ? 
  i can categorize thoughts into a before and after brexit . 
  before : a lot of people were dissatisfied with how it handled the immigration crisis and austerity and were overall negative . 
  after : there 's been a political break between the far right and the rest . 
  the far right now want to leave the eu , if not it 's active destruction , while some of the moderates have now grouped around the eu in support . 
  so the overall impression is either extremely negative or very positive , at least for a loud minority . 
  if they could n't nail sarkozy for his blatant corruption , i do n't know how they 'll get hollande . 
  it 's just a petty political ploy . 
  i 'm with ypallage . 
  in addition she would have to get a majority and get past the first turn . 
  if she gets elected , i 'll be more worried about my france 's people in general than her . 
  seeing what trump 's said about us , i am always astounded by how numerous his defenders are on this subreddit . 
  relations are a two way street . 
  there 's movements to exit the eu from the above countries , such as from the fn in france . 
  that 's a good point . 
  i do n't understand france , germany or italy wanting to leave the eu because they are for all intents and purposes the heart of the eu . 
  it 's like washington dc trying to secede from the us . 
  yet , it happens . 
  it already was a sovereign nation , but you fascists would cry about that all the way to a damned dictatorship , would n't you ? 
  there 's a segment of italy which also wants to leave the eu , and i would prefer if that did n't happen . 
  it 's simple enough . 
  i really , really hope that italy does n't leave . 
  it should have more prominence in the eu now to get their policies passed and we need to unite , now more than ever . 
  so elect the fascists or doom france ? 
  that 's a false choice and i sure as hell am not sacrificing liberty for a false sense of freedom . 
  i like it as it is , warts and all . 
  i am certainly not interested , in what the far right has defined as `` great '' . 
  no more environmental measures , massive deregulation and privatization , contempt for human rights , breakdown of international co-operation , far less stability in the long run . 
  there 's a world beyond stupid college level pc culture . 
  i regret having visited those subs . 
  the only thing that makes me laugh is that the le pen subreddit is mainly housed by americans . 
  i 'll copy the others here and say , well said . 
  `` the false notion that democracy means that ` my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge . 
  ' '' this is always worth keeping in mind . 
  that ; s always a good quote i found in these situations . 
  they have the platform , they are free to speak , but if we are not allowed to criticize them , we are not in a democracy . 
  then tell me what they are . 
  i find they differ between different fn supporters . 
  it 's certainly finding fertile soil in the current mood . 
  oh , sorry about that . 
  i thought you were supporting her ( which i realize is n't a cause for hostility either ) . 
  le pen was the headwind that 's for sure , but the anglo-sphere is hopefully different than the political climate in france . 
  we 're not in a post-scarcity market place however , which is why france 's slow economy is hurting a lot of the lower classes . 
  if le pen is to be stopped , an idea that the political elite have n't abandoned the average french resident must be heard . 
  i refuse to let le pen win , i am not voting for her . 
  i am not willing to sacrifice the republic for this . 
  with the politicians that have been popping up lately , i think i prefer having dull bureaucrats . 
  i did n't specify europe , and it suggested that i try tokyo or seoul . 
  what ? 
  then i got munich , which is closer . 
  no , that 's tyranny of the majority . 
  democracy also understands that some issues are up to different types of votes . 
  a complex issue in a in black and white referendum is not a healthy discusison . 
  it 's their mandate phrased in making the market more competitive . 
  they outright said they were going to lower taxes on the mandate and repealing regulations ( page 19 ) . 
  of course my comments are complaining about it . 
  does n't mean that the jab about the eu getting sovereignty from the uk is n't a satirical jab . 
  besides your entire history is short questions to annoy or insult those against the brexit . 
  why should i have any good faith in you ? 
  well , it 's the tories . 
  you pretty much just need to frequent this sub for the news . 
  they 're are n't making their plans a secret . 
  that being said , i 'll find the info : https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/manifesto2015/conservativemanifesto2015.pdf in my experience , i can link the guardian and the independent , but it might be better to get the proof from the party itself . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/may/10/conservatives-to-push-forward-on-manifesto-and-scrap-human-rights-act i 'll like to point out , that the comment i made about that was partly as a joke , and as a counter to those in thread who was saying that the uk was getting back their sovereignty from the eu . 
  sort of a way to turn that saying around . 
  i mean , i even said afterwards , `` seriously speaking now '' . 
  now the tories are in control of the house with no meaningful opposition and they promise to shred worker 's rights , lower corporate taxes and repeal regulations to keep the uk attractive to companies . 
  i have to laugh , because the amount of self righteous stupidity here in shooting yourself in the foot would make me cry . 
  hint : murdoch was for the brexit because he could n't control the eu as well as a single nation . 
  happy republic day to the turkish !, 
  no disagreeing that open communication are important , although my point was that repressive governments will try to cut down freedom of information , and you yourself have said that violence is the answer against that repression . 
  you 've made a logical leap , that freedom of information will automatically guarantee peace , and that 's hardly peaceful . 
  unless you want a constant cycle of repression and violence or a state of anarchy , a government that enshrines the important of free flow of information is paramount . 
  no , but it does mean a breakdown of international relations , thus against your point that relations will never degrade . 
  as for their reasons for voting brexit , one of the main threads on the brexit here is that they wanted less immigrants with the brexit voters supporting that . 
  if their anger is because of inequality , they 've channeled take into hate and xenophobia , if recent news is to be believed . 
  edit : i am for free societies , but i know that populist revolts such as the brexit are not going to lead more equality or justice . 
  already to remain competitive , they will reduce corporate taxes and other such measures will not only hurt their hated immigrants , but the poorest englishman as well . 
  congratulations , in the name of the problems of capitalism , the voters have made it worse . 
  in the event that there 's a coup d\u2019\u00e9tat of the whole eu , it is much less likely to be successful than a localized coup d'\u00e9tat in a single nation . 
  not to mention that 's the eu 's existence will make it less likely that a free society will not fall to a single nation 's military or radicals . 
  how are national borders `` filters '' what would that mean ? 
  addendum : personal awareness is not a proof , i remember the democratizing effects in many eastern european nations and the iberian peninsula . 
  your view that they would automatically democratize takes a dangerous view of history that progress is guaranteed , instead of hard fought . 
  russia is an example of a nation that did not enjoy this democratization and instead turned to a oligarchy . 
  your last claim is not true . 
  i think one of the best and worst features of the eu is that they have helped made europe stable and politically free , which many people are now taking for granted . 
  it 's not an institution apart from itself but a collaboration of various nations , take it down and what will you replace it with ? 
  because if you claim that without it there will be the same level of co-operation , that would be a lie . 
  good thing for foreign investors , not necessarily those who have their savings in pounds .
