  that 's criminal , it 's what 's sunk fillon 's campaign . 
  i do not think this is conflating separate issues . 
  this is the same person who has such a contempt for the eu that she stole taxpayer money , yet twisted her position in it for her benefit . 
  it 's hypocrisy , how did she do nothing wrong ? 
  ah , alright . 
  i was curious . 
  frankly , if i had committed fraud , i do n't think just handing back the money would be an option . 
  the question should be jail , not giving back stolen money , as if that was a question . 
  they 're both crooks , except i hope with schultz they 'll do more . 
  i like the idea of the eu , but if otherwise they or their member states do n't hold the corrupt accountable , then the system will rot , you 're right . 
  edit : she 's done a lot more . 
  i would n't say that schultz is the biggest crook out of the two http://www.lemonde.fr/panama-papers/article/2016/04/05/panama-papers-comment-des-proches-de-marine-le-pen-ont-exfiltre-de-l-argent-de-france_4895769_4890278.html http://www.lemonde.fr/panama-papers/article/2016/04/05/panama-papers-comment-des-proches-de-marine-le-pen-ont-exfiltre-de-l-argent-de-france_4895769_4890278.html, 
  ... of which political inclination are you if i may ask ? 
  this was due to france investigating le pen , while germany has n't yet . 
  i have n't seen a side by side quote of what schultz and le pen have stolen , but with the initial comment , i 'm going to ask if it 's the perceived difference in treatment that bothers you more than the corruption . 
  she refused to meet the police , threatened the civil servants after her and is still running for candidacy . 
  no money returned either . 
  so no , i do not see any justice in how she 's still free . 
  not that i 'm saying that schultz treatment is ideal . 
  it 's just that everyone agrees they hate corruption , but the left goes quiet on schultz , the right on fillon and the far-right on le pen . 
  we 're so blinded by partisanship , that we accept corruption if its from `` one of us '' , ( like what you mentioned on the first post ) . 
  maybe that 's why the situation has gone so bad . 
  as poutou said , people do n't have the workers immunity from the law . 
  well , that would certainly make the british upper class and tories quite clever . 
  made a good situation for themselves , from what you 're saying . 
  does n't say good things about the intelligence about the brexit voting lower class , however does it ? 
  they 've voted thinking they were going for protectionism , only to go for an even more free trade model . 
  the campaign is n't over , i 'll only breathe easier when this election is finally over . 
  if he did this , which seems pretty likely , than more serious charges should go through . 
  of course , i do n't think it 's his eu past protecting him seeing as le pen as well has still managed to evade gaol . 
  corrupt politicians seem to be common . 
  they should all be open to more investigation . 
  the vietnamese and the antillean origin french have intergrated , so it shows that it 's worth looking into more than saying `` it 's because they 're immigrants '' , i think . 
  religion , petty criminality ? 
  who knows , but the solution is not so simple . 
  it means , that le pen 's solution does nothing . 
  it means that we should find out why so many self radicalized . 
  i do n't understand why people can keep on going on about how it 's the immigrants committing terrorist attacks , when it 's mainly their kids . 
  i hope they do realize that like in the brexit , fishing is governed by maritime laws that still apply even outside of the eu . 
  try to overfish and you 'll get arrested simple as that . 
  peaceful ? 
  funny thing , i 've worked on an ethnographic map of ukraine . 
  most of the russians were in the north-east . 
  crimea was and still is tatar who were against it , and their treatment was not `` peaceful '' . 
  i still do n't want to add to the absenteeism statistic . 
  i preferred hamon , but i lost , i realize that le pen does not have my interests at heart , so i 'm siding against her . 
  that and i like my other european neigbors , so i 'm also voting to not stab them in the back . 
  good point . 
  well , it might be good practice . 
  :p i 'm sorry to say that trying to find french news in anglo media can be frustrating . 
  huh , this link and this comment section are actually a good look into balkan politics . 
  i 'm not overtly concerned , but i would like to point out that albania is part of nato , which means it will also be defended , so it might be better for the politicians involved to cool it . 
  another good instance of petty saber rattling and nationalism for politicians who want shore up popular support . 
  well , just a reminder to me to not get too comfortable and go vote, 
  or better yet , maybe learn french ? 
  i said it in the other thread , but it 's a good thing they stopped this anders breivik wannabe . 
  i 'm never going to understand the logic behind these attackers . 
  the problem is when le pen actively defrauded the eu and than tried to avoid prosecution by using it 's immunity . 
  i would like to visit one day . 
  this ca n't be serious . 
  the british are n't insane enough to trigger nuclear war . 
  still , not a good statement for a politician to be quoted on . 
  it 's not as bad as the title makes it sound , but i also think that such blatant case of nepotism should not be accepted . 
  `` we should get into her good graces so she may intercede on our behalf '' ? 
  when did the trumps turn into a type of royal family ? 
  well , they did get all the blame for a certain austrian . 
  i respect the germans for their stability in these troubled times . 
  it 's sort of nice that there 's no need to be too anxious about their election . 
  perhaps , but i prefer the current situation than one where the number of voters do n't matter due to gerrymandering . 
  i 'm still stunned whenever i hear something along the lines that the breton are super rich elites . 
  we did it !, 
  edit : seriously , though just as many workers , some of my family included despise le pen and her party . 
  this is classic fascist false populism , where everyone who supports them is the `` people '' , but everyone who does n't is the `` enemy '' . 
  i use them interchangeably , even though they are n't the same , i admit . 
  still , i think the sentiment that populist far-right is pre-ordained does fit the model of historical determinism , although not the `` end of history '' idea that i used as an example , you 're right . 
  i distrust historical determinism . 
  it 's not an actual field , and i remember pre 9/11 those who 've said we 've reached the end of history and that liberty and democracy will spread forever . 
  democracies now are falling one after another , but only a few years after this populist explosion , cracks are already showing . 
  the incompetence and/or disregard for human rights and the rule of law for the trump/uk/duterte / erdogan is catching up to an equal backlash against the far-right , such as the way it mobilized the french . 
  they will fall like all parties eventually will , the question is , who will replace them ? 
  the rest is chaos . 
  this is n't the u.s. 
  i hope it 's clear . 
  the groups we 're talking about are different . 
  i 've been hearing nonstop for the past few days about the poor far-right workers without a job , who are presumably getting `` handouts '' . 
  you can call them violent vandals , on that i agree . 
  going for the whole lazy people attack ? 
  that 's pretty tone deaf to the main theme of this election for all sides . 
  what a stupid thing to do . 
  because my point was that there 's a way to be critical of immigration without being a nazi . 
  for example , the religious fundamentalism and antisemitism of many muslims is worrying . 
  i doubt that 's what you 're saying , because i 've met more than enough far-right to know what you 're driving towards . 
  `` there are better people or cultures in this world , we as westerners are inherently superior , or one blood one country '' if you 're feeling bold . 
  am i close ? 
  you act in a way that is suspicious and you 're leading questions show that you have a pretty obvious agenda . 
  good , than that means that the education plan should hopefully work on the salafists as well as it did on the nazis . 
  well , my point being that you proved my point . 
  you should also change your flair to be more appropriate . 
  the us was once the new free nation in comparison of old europe , but that was a long time ago . 
  you did n't make a point about saudi arabia at first , but notice that you had to say society instead of culture .
