  evident side by side . 
  again , the context was n't that spain wanted to annex gibraltar , which is defense and justifiable , but that the lord decided to use extremely aggressive rhetoric in response to a talk of the brexit which also the status of gibraltar . 
  something which would n't have meant anything if the current uk government had sent out a statement that they would n't use their navy for a trade dispute . 
  yet , they have n't and what should have been just a has been politician running his mouth turned into something more . 
  so , to clarify since it seems to have been necessary , why does the uk remain silent on the threat of gunboat diplomacy of one of its former politicians ? 
  it 's not too good when both sides are supposed to be allies . 
  if it 's government even still considers the nato bonds worthwhile . 
  again , since you 're australian to what pretensions do you have to mock the `` reasonable '' when you likely are n't familiar with the subtilities of the situation ? 
  no need to insult me , i get your maneuvering well enough . 
  you 're making a meaningless distinction.you say a gov can believe something , and even tacitly support it seeing as they have n't said anything to the contrary , but they 're not responsible . 
  however , spain just wants gibraltar , even though their official statements say the opposite ? 
  typical political dishonesty . 
  i think you 're projecting on the agenda , since it 's rich from a government who is actively exploiting nationalistic fervor . 
  most reasonable people were aghast at the uk 's previous aggressive rhetoric and this was just one step further . 
  most reasonable people are puzzled by the uk 's silence on this matter , so do n't pretend that you do n't understand the geopolitical significance . 
  unless you really do n't , in which case what 's the point of even discussing ? 
  edit : it 's an extraordinary thing that the longer this discussion has gone , the less reassured i am . 
  private citizen that you are , very few things exist in a vacuum . 
  this was cathartic , like nothing else . 
  he managed to say what i and i think many other people wanted to say about the sheer hypocrisy and corruption of fillon and le pen . 
  i like him . 
  bzzzt . 
  une traduction directe de `` but you probably have n't studied it at school yet '' . 
  ooh ? 
  so religion is culture for you , but the central tenets of the french revolution is n't . 
  what a surprise . 
  if you do n't respect the republic , than stop pretending that this `` culture '' argument is anything other than an attempt to make religious supremacy palatable . 
  beautiful . 
  they 're from the baroque movement , if i remember correctly . 
  same as nico . 
  which part of separation of church and state was n't clear ? 
  french culture is also a strong culture of la\u00efcit\u00e9 , l'est you forget that . 
  interesting . 
  you say that the uk does n't take responsibility for what he says , but than in the next paragraph completely back what the lord said ? 
  saying it 's the same for your leaders ? 
  what was your point in the private citizen spiel than ? 
  apart from an attempt to run away from all responsibility while still using the same rhetoric . 
  also , since i 'm starting to suspect that the context is not clear , spain never said it was going to annex gibraltar , just discuss it 's status as a tax haven , whereas the lord said to send in the fleet . 
  an extreme escalation where none was needed . 
  well , i rescind what i 've said , this is n't the uk pandering to it 's right-wing . 
  the uk gov might very well be that stupid and dangerous . 
  i feel ashamed that i ca n't really speak german , but in my case i ca n't seem to get the pronunciation . 
  this comment is not from an average citizen it 's from michael howard former leader of the conservative party . 
  a political has been , but not the average man from the street . 
  would you be fine if chirac suddenly decided it would be a good time to say that the uk should be nuked ? 
  this of course does n't address my point which is that his government is not repudiating him . 
  they 're not saying anything to the contrary , and the main comments i 've seen were of the variety of `` we 'll defend gibraltar no matter what '' , and only now that there 's an uproar is there backtracking that it was n't supposed to be a `` real '' threat . 
  is this official government policy ? 
  i certainly hope not , i never thought it was , otherwise that would mean a step into war for threatening a eu member state . 
  does it show the complete incompetency and tone deafness of the uk government and part of it 's populace ? 
  absolutely . 
  edit : in essence , this was absolutely a moronic stance . 
  it 's a baffling political gaffe from what should be a developed country . 
  hopefully this is an incident that will be quickly forgotten , but i still do n't like the way the uk gov is harnessing this jingoistic sentiment . 
  this is a very dangerous game the uk is playing . 
  that and i 'm holding them to it , despite claims it 's just one lord . 
  it 's one lord still in a position of power whom the government has refused to repudiate , perhaps because they want to pander to the imperialists . 
  thank you for the help and hopefully it will help in discerning which ones to try soon !, 
  hmm , near the end i would say he certainly had some authoritarian tendencies . 
  remember 1968 ? 
  although the way he let go of power and resigned after the loss of his referendum does give some credit to his character , something which i doubt erdogan will do seeing his treatment of any of his citizens who dare to even voice they 'll vote no . 
  while there are superficial comparisons , this is n't something new of erdogan , but one of a long list of attacks to spread a `` turkey is under attack '' impression to cement his power . 
  so , to answer your question i do n't think what de gaulle did was acceptable , but i do have reservations on the assessment that the two men are of the same caliber . 
  what 's your stance on this issue ? 
  thank you !, 
  i 'll try to keep an eye out for one of them . 
  well , that 's an impressive pedigree . 
  fruity in the north and i 'm guessing it 's drier in the south . 
  lots of sparkling wine as well . 
  any croatians here have a recommendation ? 
  what 's the difference between the wines of each region ? 
  just curious . 
  the worst bit about the mass mediatization of these attacks is that it inspires copy - cats . 
  good thing there no one was killed . 
  well , someone had to try it . 
  it 's surprisingly decent . 
  reassuring , but i do n't think erdogan will willingly let go of the reins of power . 
  too little , too late marine . 
  it 's painful how transparent his motives of portraying himself as a strongman in turkey , and knowing it will work for some . 
  dictators are fundamentally con artists . 
  to those who are advocating in following the u.s. with a `` patriot act '' , i would like to remind you how it lead to mass surveillance and abused of the rights of the average citizen , among other effects . 
  not including the iraq war , which is why we have this problem in the first place . 
  something must be done , but it ca n't be disproportionate . 
  that 's the word , that 's been ignored . 
  we must avoid measures that hurt us , more than any terrorists . 
  well , the federalists hoping the us falls is actually a new development from what i 've observed , really out of the belief that russia and now the us is `` out to get us '' . 
  especially since every so often you have some commenter who comes into announce exactly that . 
  it 's not exactly ideal , but it 's not exactly something that appeared out of nowhere . 
  it 's less approval and more a measure of their competency . 
  i certainly think hollande is far more moral than the likes of putin , erdogan , assad and trump , yet i completely agree that someone else could do a better job . 
  i also do n't like may , but considering the state the uk is in , i do n't know if any other english politician would do better . 
  if it 's any consolation to the turks , this shows that the austrians think you could do much better in terms of leaders . 
  some people like me also took some take latin , and there 's some nuts who took latin , english and german . 
  i do n't miss my secondary education , it was some some of the most stressful periods of my life . 
  just chalk up the insane standards of the french education system to it being the french education system . 
  oh , but he was very much part of the far-right , and i remember how clearly the trump supporters here crooned about the shooting about how savage the muslims were in speculations , before suddenly going silent . 
  however , despite the globalist ( that 's a favorite term , is n't it ) co-operation between the various far-right groups , he is n't from the us . 
  however , the second ones are . 
  funny thing is that the second part is proof enough that you do n't even bother to read the sources . 
  it 's an article about man who deliberately went to protests to get a response , then promptly shot people and has now been convicted .
