  also work , home , social circles and most other aspects of life . 
  i would say most of it is accurate , seeing as you president or in his nepotism , his family confirms most of it themselves as well . 
  it 's a consequence of all the incompetence that was crammed in 6 months . 
  of course , sadly enough it seems that trump has a personality cult , who will not accept anything against their guru . 
  even at the time of bush , this was n't the case . 
  edit : actually it 's strange , this is more like going for a verbal punching bag that says everything i expect to say in response , than an actual back and forth , since i doubt anything will change or be different . 
  a destress exercise mainly . 
  or a game of who gets tired of taunting first . 
  hmm , all news i heard is about the american kim jong-un and his nepotism and corruption . 
  also , if you think the democrats in the u.s are that powerful you 're delusional , they seem pretty broken and powerless now . 
  if anything it 's now the american right who try to meddle with other countries and create their own dictatorial internationale , ironically enough . 
  bah , all this ultra bravado back and forth leaves a bit taste in your throat . 
  how 's this for a favor , have the american far-right stay in the u.s , no cutting deals with dictators and russia , like trump supposedly promised . 
  i do n't like may at all , but in comparison with putin even thatcher in the rye ca n't be that bad , right ? 
  well , we 'll see if we can successfully negotiate a brexit deal with the tories . 
  maybe because you could n't tell where we are on the worldmap ? 
  ah , the usual threats of you far-right . 
  `` elect me or else '' , which does n't seem to have worked on anyone with some sense . 
  problems will be solved , without going down the patriot act route the u.s took . 
  also , seeing how enraged by the `` leftists '' you are , you do care , ha . 
  my first thought was of the nutcracker !, 
  although in my case it 's the hat and the mustache that reminded me of it . 
  are n't you going to yell out `` vive la france '' , or maybe ever since le pen is in legal trouble for accepting money from foreign sources ( you can guess who ) the trump supporters are trying to forget that chapter . 
  well , since we 're a pretty nice republic , it must be devastating to an oligarchy like the u.s. 
  cheer up , maybe in a couple of centuries if you can get off your fat asses , you can have an actual working society , or at least something more than savages like isis . 
  or you 'll continue being wage slaves , whichever goes . 
  also , i thought you lot were about muslims , so why say we 'll be replaced by africans ? 
  maybe due to the subservience to the saudis , as well as that mess caused by the u.s in iraq , something told you should n't harp on that point too much . 
  it 's funny how you contradict yourself that quickly . 
  this act is quite something . 
  guess the fact that the continent you try to get your legitimacy from having nothing but contempt for you lot hurts . 
  also if you 're anything like the losers who go to germany and ireland 's subreddits to say `` how german and irish they are '' , you 're probably polish in name only . 
  see ? 
  full of shit , any concern you lot pretended to have with europeans is only self-interest . 
  enjoy your decaying empire . 
  i do feel sorry for the other americans who have to put up with the your vile cult . 
  well , this is cetainly more honest than whatever you were preaching about earlier . 
  all i have to say is the world will go on with or without the u.s. good luck with that `` cyber-cooperation '' with russia . 
  anyway , you lot were so concerned that you meddled with russia in the french elections , and in despair afterwards i remember the invectives about how france should have their nuclear weapons taken away `` before they become a caliphate '' . 
  among other things . 
  you lot buy into your bullshit more than you pretend to . 
  frankly , if we 're disappointing people who love dictators so much , than we must be doing right . 
  say hello to putin and erdogan for my part , if they 're still beating up your citizens in broad daylight . 
  oh jpaolo , i like your comics !, 
  here are some links on what happened : https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/attentat_de_roc%27h_tr%c3%a9dudon http://www.ouest-france.fr/bretagne/bretagne-il-y-40-ans-lattentat-du-roch-tredudon-1928378 i 'm sorry to say i could n't find an english article . 
  in essence on the 14 f\u00e9vrier 1974 a bomb planted by the `` le front de lib\u00e9ration de la bretagne '' went off and blew up an antenna , which cut television access until up to may for some areas of brittany . 
  while no one died from the explosion , pierre p\u00e9ron a director died due to a heart attack after investigating what happened . 
  it does n't seem to have stopped the movement so much , although the principle of the independence movement was that it was n't murderous . 
  that someone died in relation to it put a dampener on the affair . 
  that and it seems to have been a perfect excuse for the minister of the interior to repress independence movements even further . 
  hmm , it seems i should correct my initial post . 
  simple . 
  because your arguments are full of shit . 
  no one else apart from the trump cabal is fooled . 
  should n't you lot be more worried now about the current scandals ? 
  edit : also not my own words . 
  i think a few from your sub went around talking about a `` crusade on europe '' . 
  you do realize that we can see what you lot say , right ? 
  of course , you 're right . 
  the ussr were certainly one of the ones who led to fall of poland . 
  rather , i should say that it 's better to stick to historical fact . 
  dreams of possible alternatives lead people astray . 
  of course , truth be told i highly doubt that france could have won , or helped much more without a lot of other changes . 
  most generals apart from a select few like leclerc and degaulle were more than happy to let fascists take over and topple the republic . 
  it 's sort of hard to contest that the french did n't care about poland or fighting the nazis , when so many shamefully collaborated . 
  yeah , you did n't read the article above did you . 
  you know i respected americans . 
  this honest opinion is of you wannabe authoritarians in the personality cult of trump . 
  so , not americans as a whole , just you lot . 
  also , what will you do ? 
  try to invade us with russia ? 
  we have nuclear weapons too , or are you going to toadie up to us too ? 
  hypocrite . 
  it reminds me of something , but i quite ca n't place that . 
  i think it 's the first time i 've heard / seen this and yet i guess there 's a certain timelessness to this monument . 
  certainly , which is why this toadying about of the americans is both undignified and unnecessary to this degree . 
  i suppose it 's good for the russians however . 
  funny , i 've come out of a world war ii thread that decried craven behavior . 
  i think they 're both fantasies , a desire to invent a possible glorious past . 
  it 's not an evil thing to do ( except for the part for joining the reich , that 's more delusional than nero ) , but this wading into `` what-if 's '' to counter a national humiliation for all continental nations is unhealthy . 
  france could have done more , poland got crushed , the ussr and the us had to help to put down the nazis . 
  that 's it . 
  argument fell apart huh ? 
  well , i 'm real and more people will stand up to you lot too . 
  unlike your russian propagandists `` friends '' . 
  check out what your dear leader said in this thread 's article . 
  also to answer your question , yes this little deal with the devil puts into question your standing as a democracy . 
  you vicious , monstrous , greedy lot . 
  alright , sorry for jumping down your throat . 
  without that critical `` not '' the message is very different . 
  yes . 
  do you think the us has treated its allies well lately ? 
  did n't you lot threaten us with a trade war first ? 
  edit : i get your logic , but your explanations are completely disconnected from what the u.s 's current adminstration . 
  put more focus on them !, 
  for the middle paragraph keep telling yourself that . 
  i should ask the same thing do you filter out everything that does n't fit your pro-russia stance ? 
  some few pretty words , but no condemnation on crimea at the g20 , a weak questioning followed by an offer of partnership . 
  trends , trends point a certain picture and no amount of trump 's inept attempts to obfuscate his connections have worked , at least overseas . 
  edit : if you 're being sincere , than what the us is doing will and is backfiring .
