  i 'm okay with good natured humour . 
  most of the political comedy nowadays is unintentional , so thumbs up among some stuffed shirts is nice . 
  rackeeterring , arbitrary treaty re-writing and colluding with russia . 
  as well as for the fact that this article is about trump refusing to honour article 5 , if you read it . 
  keep your talking points however , why should i expect any honesty from you ? 
  convenient how you ignored everything else . 
  than what about we ask you to do the same we did for you ? 
  quick question , if the us would n't honor a mutual defebad treaty , than what 's the point of nato ? 
  oh , not the racqueetering , the arbitrariness or the threats to leave nato or the damned ties to russia that make us upset ? 
  it 's because we have a problem with bowing down to you . 
  sure , expecting any self-awareness from you lot is pointless . 
  edit : also the us insinuated it would n't honour mutual self defense , when we did !, 
  give us back our soldiers , you backstabbers . 
  you 're also falsely conflating new and anti-establishment . 
  we could have monarchists who are reviled by the establishment and they would still be relics . 
  i 'm aware of the difference , it 's on purpose . 
  there 's ! a difference between reforms and working with the rest of society , and a bunch of extremists . 
  how many europeans have died for the uk 's and us 's military adventures ? 
  bah , this subject always makes me bitter . 
  so much for friendship . 
  yes , well i do n't think the current standard of being outright hostile to all elements of society , apart from the populist 's own base is admirable , so if that 's the new requisite for `` different '' , i can go without it . 
  his programme for greater eu co-operation and the focus on environment was certainly interesting for me . 
  edit : we 'll see really . 
  that was one area where the anglo media lost me . 
  despite their love affair with her , le pen was one of a long political dynasty and an old reactionary movement , steeped in the idea of a europe that is gone . 
  whereas martin is now making a new party . 
  good , i think younger politicians are often more dynamic , that is not to say that older professionals are n't valuable , but we should avoid having a gerontocracy . 
  year of portugal everyone . 
  i dislike that we are no longer shocked about this , but what can you do ? 
  you lot shutdown your government over petty reasons . 
  do you assume we have the memory of a goldfish ? 
  what a barefaced lie . 
  really sorry about that u/ml6000 . 
  with the current political climate , it 's difficult to distinguish satire unfortunately . 
  my apologies . 
  so , technically we 're the rosbif . 
  that 's pretty hard to believe when he also demanded sums of money for military protection . 
  yes , trump is important to this situation . 
  most nato countries were working towards that goal , if you had n't noticed , trump was also the one who wanted to exit nato , so `` doing this for our own good '' sounds pretty rich . 
  collaboration with russia , the very reason why the eu countries are even in this alliance , also does little to reassure . 
  at most , hopefully the rest of the us ruling apparatus is not similarly compromised . 
  as for the south koreans , what do you expect ? 
  the conservatives who approved were certainly stabbed in the back and the country itself wo n't be able to change their military strategy overnight . 
  people will remember however , and i 'll guarantee you policy makers will likely consider what happened in the future . 
  edit : my point is , maybe you should probably avoid pushing it , since the current relation is n't one which much moral superiority . 
  did n't the south koreans vote in a leader that opposes you guys , because trump tried racketeering them ? 
  anyway , we 'll do it , when there stops being information leaks to russia in the us . 
  edit : okay , that was harsh , but this arbitrary 2 % has imperiled co-operation , rather than make nato stronger . 
  i 'm lost at what he 's going on about . 
  either way , condolences to the british for the attack . 
  poor brits , targeting the pornography and all that . 
  i 've read your link , it 's interesting . 
  a blog it links to has a good point on the two reasons why he would avoid going . 
  https://web.archive.org/web/20150323201855/http://www.newstatesman.com/blogs/media/2012/09/legal-mythology-extradition-julian-assange seeing however at the time the us 's hunt for whistle-blowers , the site you linked to was n't debunking the motives behind the arrest , but the myths surrounding the legal aspects of it . 
  at the time , the us was in dogged pursuit of snowden , assange and manning et al , and believing that the legal barriers would stop them also requires a belief that the us would follow in modern legal conventions , something which they have flouted several times , but you 're right that going that route is the path to conspiracy theories . 
  it 's in the past , and with the charges being dropped we can only be sure of what is concrete , instead of what is speculated . 
  funny thing you have n't responded to me . 
  truth ? 
  you change targets as you as you hit your precious evidence . 
  despite actually assange 's assertion that he had `` something big '' , they were actually low level e-mails , with more personal information of the e-mailers as much as of the presidential campaign . 
  several going up to the 24 of april , so it was n't like they did n't have time to release anything , but that they could n't find anything , and had to content themselves with a last minute all releasing batch . 
  `` the american extreme right played a large role in the diffussion of these texts , but unfortunately for them could n't understand french . 
  of course , bad translations being what they are i remember there was freaking out about the '' \u00e9rdiseur '' :d . `` mounir mahjoubi , a expliqu\u00e9 , dimanche , que ses \u00e9quipes avaient fourni , \u00e0 dessein , de faux documents lors des tentatives d\u2019intrusion rep\u00e9r\u00e9es par le mouvement . 
  of course , since the macron team had to deal with constant attacks in their campaign they had created their own honeypots . 
  so from the word of their security chief themselves , they had furnished false information , although unwittingly . 
  most of the information , was anodin , but with 15 go of information , it would have been difficult to parse , especially at the time . 
  basically , the strategy of just mixing as much data as possible and trying to pass it off as nefarious , despite the contents themselves being harmless is the fault here , which is what 've i 've been saying from the start . 
  the addition of unrelated personal e-mails there also show that it 's was n't an attempt to release whatever transgressions may occur , but a cynical last minute attempt to influence the elections by bypassing the investigative checks and balances . 
  there , i also have other articles . 
  i could have given a better translation , but the core parts of it are there . 
  for all their talks about sheep , the wikileaks followers are some of the most greatest singleminded demagogues . 
  says the man who 's only contribution has been insults . 
  check my other posts for your evidence , do some research . 
  despite actually assange 's assertion that he had `` something big '' , they were actually low level e-mails , with more personal information of the e-mailers as much as of the presidential campaign . 
  several going up to the 24 of april , so it was n't like they did n't have time to release anything , but that they could n't find anything , and had to content themselves with a last minute all releasing batch . 
  `` the american extreme right played a large role in the diffussion of these texts , but unfortunately for them could n't understand french . 
  of course , bad translations being what they are i remember there was freaking out about the '' \u00e9rdiseur '' :d . `` mounir mahjoubi , a expliqu\u00e9 , dimanche , que ses \u00e9quipes avaient fourni , \u00e0 dessein , de faux documents lors des tentatives d\u2019intrusion rep\u00e9r\u00e9es par le mouvement . 
  of course , since the macron team had to deal with constant attacks in their campaign they had created their own honeypots . 
  so from the word of their security chief themselves , they had furnished false information , although unwittingly . 
  most of the information , was anodin , but with 15 go of information , it would have been difficult to parse , especially at the time . 
  basically , the strategy of just mixing as much data as possible and trying to pass it off as nefarious , despite the contents themselves being harmless is the fault here , which is what 've i 've been saying from the start . 
  the addition of unrelated personal e-mails there also show that it 's was n't an attempt to release whatever transgressions may occur , but a cynical last minute attempt to influence the elections by bypassing the investigative checks and balances . 
  for someone who bangs on about truth , you have n't been honest with me either . 
  read my last few posts . 
  `` the issue i was addressing was their immorality in their publishing , such as leaking some e-mails right before an election , without any chance to confirm the truth of the contents . 
  you 're the one who tried to change the topic . 
  why not do it beforehand ? 
  perhaps because truth was not a concern . '', 
  well , they were certainly par of the little axis of sites that tried to meddle . 
  we actually had to close online voting due to fears of meddling . 
  as for before , it 's been obvious for a while that they 've become an extension of russia , leaking when is appropriate and when it suits their interests . 
  of course , often the info is appropriate , but they also strategically sit on information . 
  read their leaks , but do n't forget that they have an agenda . 
  the issue i was addressing was their immorality in their publishing , such as leaking some e-mails right before an election , without any chance to confirm the truth of the contents . 
  you 're the one who tried to change the topic . 
  why not do it beforehand ? 
  perhaps because truth was not a concern . 
  so do i. 
  short phrases , and they 're nothing but self-congratulatory . 
  it was released from various different sources and various attacks .
