  ca n't really backpedal on that , since you supported that yourself . 
  also , if the cuneiform tablet part went over your head , you 've deliberately limited media into videos of a shooting , not a per-cursor , not a relatively non-violent conflict , not an article . 
  you 're not so much interested in truth , as you set a condition . 
  i 'm actually curious about the clinton supporter thing , because the shooter seemed to have been a religious fanatic . 
  why do n't you bother looked for and showing the nightclub footage if it exists ? 
  do n't bother posting it though , i 'm not interested in sharing in your morbid fascination . 
  yes , yes , because like the mosque shooting in canada or what i linked , whenever they commit violence they 're suddenly not a trump supporter . 
  or men who show up at protests with guns . 
  http://www.startribune.com/scarsella-guilty-of-assault-riot-in-2015-protest-shooting/412476503/ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gta-rkbwf8 also , do you expect there to be a mass shooting on video ? 
  i do n't think macron is an idiot and viewing some of the other commenters , i 'll guess that the reasons are : 1 ) political : this is a maneuver to court the right . 
  2 ) it 's an intermediary step : it has to be a month , before being a year or years . 
  depending on whether it 's popular or not , national service time will be escalated . 
  3 ) for `` national unity '' : as he said it himself , this measure was to get every citizen to get a taste of military life , in the hopes that it would better integrate everyone / grow some sense of nationalism . 
  4 ) a militia/ground for immediate conscription : this is my most pessimistic answer , it 's because of the same reason that the swedish are re-instating their military service . 
  due to the actions of some of the superpowers and the threat of the possible dissolution of nato , it 's been judged that getting extremely basic military training was necessary . 
  it 's not enough to train any soldiers , but it 's enough to quickly get conscripts for national defense . 
  this is a consequence of the saber-rattling that 's been occurring lately , resources are spent ( arguably wasted ) on national defense because no nation wants to be caught militarily unprepared . 
  there : http://www.cnn.com/2016/12/16/politics/donald-trump-supporters-vicious-violent/ http://time.com/4254801/donald-trump-protest-violence-video/ from the mouth of the man himself . 
  i 'm sure however that you 'll ask for cuneiform tablets of it afterwards . 
  good , but i 'm not saying that . 
  acknowledging that the crimes of nazis could be committed by other people , does not diminish germany and germans role in it . 
  it was n't the fault of the jewish or of any of their other victims . 
  it was the fault of the germans . 
  however , we as human beings are n't too different . 
  the french and other nations collaborated to a lesser extent , and other genocides have occurred . 
  huttu vs tutsu , ottomans vs armenians . 
  i just want acknowledgement of this part of the human condition . 
  the americans saved much of europe during wwii , but that does not mean that the situation ca n't change . 
  i want a professional , i would have preferred someone who 's actually competent . 
  that you say he should be able to `` have his games '' as if you were speaking of a spoiled kinder-gardener is revelatory . 
  if you believe that 's the only alternative to a puppet , something which is n't even true , than republics are wasted on you ironically enough . 
  i have visited vietnam , more bombs were dropped on it than the whole of wwii , until some of it looked like the surface of the moon . 
  the water was fouled by their chemicals and men , woman and children were burned alive . 
  in iraq , in their foulest prisons people were tortured in some of the greatest mockeries of human rights . 
  the british , the russians and the french also have their own share of crimes as well . 
  do n't try to argue with emotional appeals against me , it will not work . 
  i say poor germans , because that part of history will never be washed away , that while they enjoy the fruits of their labor now they will still always have the shadows of germany 's crimes on the country , perhaps as it should be . 
  the lesson that should have been learned from the holocaust and germany 's wars against it 's neighbors however , should have been about the evils that rest in men 's heart . 
  how easy it is for atrocities to be justified and institutionalized so quickly . 
  the lesson should have been to be wary on certain type of politics , instead of focusing on the pure nationalities . 
  the latter of which ironically enough , the nazis did . 
  edit : i say this not as a hatred of all americans , but as a warning against complacency . 
  political reality can change very quickly . 
  i really appreciate this series . 
  the pictures you pick are often quite beautiful . 
  i do n't think relying on someone 's incompetence to save us from their viciousness is sound , especially since he 's not doing this aimlessly , this is the core of many of his policies . 
  also , poor germans . 
  even as someone who is very well aware of history , that 's a pretty cold thing to say . 
  i almost want to ask which country you 're from or what your circumstances are for you to hate them this much . 
  the ones i know personally are completely lovely . 
  the americans have also razed vietnam and massacred civilians in iraq , that 's not indicative of every single american , of course , but like all people in this world they are capable of committing extreme evil . 
  self-righteousness also goes hand in hand with moral myopia and believing that one is immune to evil is one of the biggest requirements for it . 
  so far , the main arguments against is that trump is incompetent , i 'm allowed to criticize him ( not surprising since i do n't live nearby ) and that the us 's social and political structure wo n't allow him to topple it . 
  the last one is the only reassuring one , but that does n't mean he 's not dangerous , it just means we hope that he and his supporters wo n't get more power . 
  `` the us is n't against environmentalism '' they said . 
  i sure hope they wo n't be able to pull everyone else down with them . 
  i 'm still voting for him even with that and i do n't exactly like the proposal to reinstate military service . 
  in terms of political pragmatism , it 's something that we 'll have to campaign against afterwards . 
  trump has popular support and he was all for re-instating more torture , as well as race/religion based policies . 
  there is no inherent difference in moral fiber that prevents an american from committing the same atrocities as a german . 
  it is arrogant to assume one country is immune to such descent in barbarity . 
  the last phrase of yours resonates with me however , a dictator can have many many supporters . 
  popularity does not equal goodness . 
  i 'm not exactly happy about this , even if it 's for one month . 
  we already have a day and i do n't see the benefits . 
  i do n't see the reason why marcon would do this , it seems to be a policy that came out of nowhere . 
  that 's neither here or there , because this was n't about germany , it was about the us . 
  my point still holds true , it 's trying to ignore the criticism of trump by pushing the guilt button for germany . 
  i have to keep that saying in mind whenever a series of small rational actions lead to a ridiculous total . 
  you know , i would agree with you except ; remember every time the far-right called for the death of liberals and said they were traitors ? 
  how does it feel now that a lot of europeans think you lot are puppets of other powers and are committing treason to every single european value ? 
  remember how you lot said that all of the muslims or any groups should have collective punishment , how you jumped for any chance to denigrate any group ? 
  how does it feel now that far-right extremist is the second one on the list of usual suspects for mass shootings ? 
  an eye for an eye turns the whole world blind , but if you use hatred as a tool , do n't expect anything else than that in return . 
  the son is not representative for the father , but it 's damn hard to not fall towards the standard you 've lot have set for discussion . 
  with the year we 've had , i 'll really need a drink ... 
  you advocated it , and when pressed on how vile torture is , you said it was n't going to happen . 
  when it was said that even suggesting it was vile , you switched subjects . 
  you are morally bankrupt . 
  there 's nothing else to say . 
  edit : also how did the iraq work out ? 
  guess the moralizing should sometimes be listened to . 
  i ca n't talk about science because to quote : `` he 's also against vaccination and environmentalism and all that more made up nonsense . 
  you people ca n't help yourselves , can you ? '', 
  you said that vaccines were made-up , then promptly switched , conveniently forgetting climate change ( which is basic knowledge for earth sciences and climate history ) . 
  structure of sentences and inferences from such is from basic english composition . 
  although it 's still nice to have the acknowledgement that it 's so moronic that the only way you can keep that double think working is by saying it 's my joke . 
  it 's convenient , is n't it ? 
  finally , you pretend to care for the environment , by mentioning the accident then go directly into saying it 's not necessary and once again conveniently ignore the part about censorship . 
  it 's rich to talk about fiscal responsibility while building a gigantic expensive wall as a vanity project . 
  it 's almost funny how brazen your dishonesty is , you have to cut apart the post of the person you 're directly quoting and responding to . 
  especially , when i posted sources in a post right above that . 
  funny how common we are in the european board are n't we ? 
  torture and torturers are vile , and i thought we got that clear after the bush era . 
  i also forgot about the general state of scientific education in the us for a second . 
  seeing as you 're an anti-vaccer there 's really no point to this , is there ? 
  funny thing , the whole `` it was a joke '' thing falls flat with what you said in the previous sentence and with what trump 's doing now . 
  sort of hard to say you 're all for the truth when the trump administration is censoring and de funding the american census bureau , the epa and the center for disease control . 
  edit : not going to comment on your debunked `` he did n't say that '' argument you had ? 
  it 's really the narcissists mantra with him .
