  most muslims there are from their own immigration with pakistan . 
  unless you dislike poles what was the eu supposed to do ? 
  also cameron 's deal ? 
  that muppet ? 
  he went out because of leave . 
  having predictable negative consequences is an argument . 
  that 's the whole point of it . 
  do you think the uk profiting from benefits , but refusing to pay for a budget they approved as well is amiable ? 
  it 's constant hostile rhetoric calling every thing even the expression that it ca n't have the benefits of a member without being a member `` war '' amiable ? 
  as for the law , as soon as the uk left it instituted the most draconian surveillance laws in developed nations . 
  trust in how the uk will treat it 's foreign inhabitants is low . 
  what i want is an acknowledgement that the current state of affairs was a two party affair , that it 's galling to hear a brit say it 's all the eu 's fault , when their side is n't exactly innocent either . 
  oh , was n't it also about having sovereignty over laws or fishing or whatever is the topic du jour ? 
  i remember another brexit supporter saying that it was n't about immigration at all . 
  what brexit was about changes depending on who you to talk to . 
  frankly i doubt you 're speaking for most leave supporters and i do n't think the eu could or should have been able to appease every demand . 
  granting the uk market access without free movement is the definition of wanting to have your way cake and eat it . 
  this is what i meant by the abdication of responsibility , these are just negative consequences that everyone predicted would happen , yet on the british went . 
  yet when the delusion that they could dictate conditions have faded and they realize the situation they 're in they blame us , when the uk 's government 's incompetence is the reason why what you listed may happen . 
  good trade deals and negotiations all of that are a fruit of mutual trust and seeking amiable relations . 
  yet not once , have i heard any brexit leavers spout anything but hostility and arrogance . 
  so , you can continue to blame the eu , but that does n't change who 's at fault , nor will it solve any of the uk 's problems . 
  poor galicians , they 're always ignored in inter-celtic festivals . 
  so this is the new brexiteers excuse , total abdication of responsibility . 
  `` we did n't leave , the eu made us , that 's why we also ca n't be blamed for what happens '' . 
  there goes my hope that when the uk leaves , they can finally stop blaming the eu for their problems . 
  well , good reminder to go to sleep than . 
  main excuse was this is the weekends . 
  i wo n't disagree with you . 
  these have been changes and shift in politics . 
  on the other hand , there 's a certain bitterness that after how these right wing groups complained about being unjustly called nazis , we have here some people unironically praising them . 
  funny , my great grandfather got a medal to keep your ancestors from `` purifying '' most of europe . 
  maybe , but i 've been reading calls for violence that would n't be found even amongst the most zealous anti-immigrant spokesman . 
  i 'm wary of a far darker specter than that . 
  edit : right underneath me i would like to point out there 's someone talking about how his german grand father fought for `` purity '' . 
  ah ouais , super t ` encourage le terrorisme . 
  for the english speakers , this corresponds well to what i know of the fn , push them a little beyond their supposed `` reasonable '' surface and you 'll find the same nazi collaborators they 've always been . 
  than you do n't remember the uproar when the italians were migrating in . 
  also , expand on the `` violence '' bit , because i 've been hearing this from the fn ever since the damned party was founded . 
  was this linked by a far-right group ? 
  comments are just oddly different than the usual for this subreddit . 
  edit : op is an american , because of course he is . 
  i remember for the french elections how much pressure was put on us , and when le pen lost they actively wished for terrorist attacks on us . 
  i highly doubt any of their concern here is genuine . 
  how about `` no '' ? 
  does n't exactly change the fact that we 're so intertwined that it would crash our economy . 
  sooooo ... wrong as in under 152 or over ? 
  i figured leeds was something akin to atlantis . 
  someone in another thread said that german politicians were `` boring bureaucrats '' . 
  i think at this point on i appreciate the germans for being stable even if they 're `` boring '' . 
  * blows a rasberry * well , we certainly ca n't accuse recent politics of not providing fuel for comedy . 
  hmm , lots of comments defending him or saying it 's not even a big deal . 
  question is , is there even a point in arguing with them from experience with past similar threads . 
  i find the one lone skyscraper on the hill in the right of the photo to be interesting . 
  what is it ? 
  is there a reason for it 's relative isolation ? 
  seeing how deeply integrated france , can you imagine the depth of the lunacy of le pen to call for a french exit from the eu ? 
  i was pointing out that the polish liaison got infamously angry at his re-election and when they threatened sabotage , they drew some negative responses . 
  i 'm actually confused at how you got to that conclusion . 
  edit : now the threat of sabotage , that 's what made the eu angry i think , not so much not voting for him , which was understandable . 
  the government at the time would be a better way to describe it . 
  i will correct my error . 
  yup , it 's connected to the arc de triomphe by an avenue . 
  interesting trivia . 
  well , you ca n't ever be sure and hey it 's a nice piece of trivia to share . 
  well effectively everyone except the polish were for him . 
  several accusations in retaliation such as : `` we know now that it [ the eu ] is a union under berlin 's diktat , '' as said by witold waszczykowski was too much , especially considering they were one of the only opponents to his re-election ( he was re-elected 27 to 28 , and even hungary was neutral on this issue ) . 
  an event which than got somewhat nasty when the polish threatened to derail a summit in retaliation . 
  complicated business . 
  edit : to include another comment `` i do n't see how one country could oppose this solution when all the others are in favour , '' said the french president , fran\u00e7ois hollande , as he arrived for the summit , echoing comments from many of the bloc 's 28 leader . 
  on one hand re-electing him may have been a provocation , on the other hand the `` burning of bridges '' from the pis on the matter was unwise , so there may be an element of politicking for why so much pressure is now being applied on poland , so perhaps the pis can say that this is an unfair focus on them , but i would disagree in that they are still currently in the eu one of the few member states who are committing all these actions . 
  there would have been disputes anyway . 
  the pis may decry and speculate for the reason of these actions being beyond pure values , but it 's only the reasons . 
  the fault itself still remains and has been committed . 
  similar to what is happening now ? 
  well , i can try to get articles from the previous period . 
  i admit , the current relationship between the pis and the eu perhaps may be worst than if it had been the po and the eu , due to the latter 's attempt to be more diplomatic than the former . 
  even with politics and values being what they are however , the pis also had far more scandals in a smaller time frame , in a period of greater mass media and has also deliberately thumbed their nose at the eu . 
  there is an element of politicking here , but i do think that values are a factor in this . 
  that being said : http://www.lemonde.fr/europe/article/2013/06/18/en-pologne-l-impopularite-inedite-du-chef-du-gouvernement-donald-tusk_3432028_3214.html http://www.lemonde.fr/europe/article/2014/06/19/crise-politique-en-pologne_4441264_3214.html http://www.lemonde.fr/europe/article/2014/06/18/le-gouvernement-polonais-est-affaibli-par-un-scandale-d-ecoutes-de-ministres_4440419_3214.html there were certainly concerns over that period of what you mentioned , and perhaps the behavior of the po would have come to a head if it had continued or aggravated , but they 've lost and the pis is in power , and unfortunately they 've continued the legacy of the predecessors . 
  would it be a consolation if i said that from the news , the two parties both sound rotten ? 
  there 's not so much nowadays , but paris has had multiple rebellions in the past . 
  we had revolts from the middle ages to multiple revolutions and riots in our history . 
  why do you think we 're on our fifth republic now , not counting the commune , the empires and the kingdoms ( and i 'm probably missing more ) . 
  that 's just practiced cynicism used for the purpose of regime propping , and also goal moving . 
  media covered , and there were political condemnations when it was implemented , which no matter how you try to deflect it to the previous government , it was the pis which used it . 
  values are a part of the charter . 
  the death penalty is also illegal , and is not allowed for members simple as that , so your insinuation is unfounded . 
  if i remember correctly , these wide open roads so typical of paris were also built to help the government at the time better quell uprisings . 
  in which case , i vehemently disagree . 
  poland 's pis grab for power , it 's efforts for religion , women 's reproductive rights , free media and foreigners including other eu nations is worrying . 
  `` starting a war '' is actually a better example of aggressive rhetoric than anything else . 
  saying `` you 're not allowed of the death penalty because than you ca n't stay in the eu '' for example is something that is accountable to all eu nations . 
  poland is no exception , if they stray from the eu charter than it puts their standing in jeopardy , and that is the fault of the polish government , not those who enforce these measures . 
  finally , you 've reiterated an instance of deflection by mentioning the previous party , and i would say that i 've heard of the po 's scandal to be indicative that it is covered by media . 
  that being said , i 've answered the question . 
  whether you agree with it politically or not , my original statement i think has been explained . 
  funny that you use that term on a situations where the eu is critiquing the grab of power of a single party in poland . 
  the timeline if you remembered was that while the law was signed in june , the attempts to replace occurred in october . 
  this was rightly blocked by the following president of poland , but your protests are weak that while the po did attempt this grab for power , the pis completed it .
