georgia would definitely * love * to , from what i 've read , as they keep winning the european nations cup pretty easily and i imagine they 'd get a lot further a lot faster if they had more chance of playing better teams . 
  problem is , the current teams would n't be down with it for all the other reasons listed . 
  i live right across the road from a gun shop !, 
  and a pub !, 
  i goggle eyed at it . 
  the gun shop . 
  not the pub . 
  i am infinitely curious and want to go in . 
  but am also terrified of it . 
  edit : i just realised i had a real answer . 
  when i was in middle-of-nowhere georgia , i stayed with a family and the dad and his friends often went out hunting rabbits with a shotgun , and there were occasions when he 'd just yell for the gun to hunt some birds . 
  it kinda seemed normal in that context , though , after the first ` that fifteen year old just walked through the living room with a shot gun for his dad ' moment . 
  we ate everything he shot , too . 
  can we count [ ugne from the bake off ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/profiles/nhhd678rvl9qw2wgy2l484/ugne ) ? 
  aka : the only famous lithuanian in britain ? 
  pollution , man . 
  i worked in a supermarket on a main city centre road . 
  our newspaper stand was right next to the door . 
  i had to clean it once , it was originally cream . 
  i only discovered this when i cleaned it . 
  i imagine several hundred years of the same effect does that to a building . 
  i 'm gon na say , they did this to the town hall in my city and it was kinda astonishing how black it was before . 
  as a kid , i thought that was the colour it just * was * . 
  though , my city was once called the ugliest city in the country by orwell , so ... 
  it 's stopped raining up north !, 
  ... by now . 
  this one i also have n't heard . 
  but it really does n't surprise me . 
  the whole ` carbon monoxide poisoning ' thing does look a bit shady when neither of them were in bed when they died . 
  ... though , saakashvili doing it himself is a new level of conspiracy i had n't heard . 
  everyone 's a russian agent . 
  every president ever , right ? 
  also , zurab zhvania 's death has to be up there on the conspiracy list too , does n't he ? 
  i thought he was death by misadventure or some such similar ` look , he locked himself in the bag and could n't get out , it was all a tragic * accident * and nobody else was involved at all , what on * earth * are you talking about ? ', 
  rather than suicide . 
  but i am surprised i got this far down before seeing it . 
  some of us also learn it . 
  i 'm one of the 2 % and i 've never been russian ... as far as i know . 
  ( i 've also met an italian and a greek guy that were learning it , so ... 
  yeah . ), 
  exactly this . 
  it 's why i loved doing model un at university - you had to research and argue a position you 'd never normally consider . 
  it also makes you really appreciate why you think what you think and makes you aware of your own biases too . 
  ... these remind me of a question i had in a degree level philosophy class ( on kantian international relations theory ) which was literally `` was perpetual peace a joke ? '', 
  for some reason , i picked that one to answer . 
  ffft . 
  re always annoyed me at school , as an angry young atheist-marxist type because the teachers were always religious and ... eh , generally less open to argument than my history teachers were . 
  my memory of it is probably a little skewed because of this , but i definitely found it had a heavy christian bias , and the whole single lesson we spent on humanism * definitely * annoyed the fuck out of me . 
  but now , i 'm glad i did it , sorta . 
  despite how much it pissed me off , it gave me a better understanding of how a bunch of people around the world live their lives and taught me the importance of understanding someone 's viewpoint that is n't your own and never will be . 
  i did mine in 2005 and do n't remember a single multiple choice . 
  science , maths and food tech had a lot of there-is-only-one-answer or one word answer questions , but i do n't remember multiple choice at all . 
  my bro might have had multiple choice in his applied science , but i still think most of it was written . 
  oh wait i lie . 
  my russian exam ( i did some weird ass gcses , okay ? ), 
  had three multiple choice questions at the start to prove you could read the alphabet . 
  basic stuff like what does '' \u043c\u0435\u0442\u0440\u043e '' say ? 
  other languages had different levels , but russian did n't , so there were a couple multiple choice ones at the start . 
  or something . 
  i only knew about it going on from when i was in georgia and was considering visiting azerbaijan ( the massive visa fee meant i did n't ) . 
  sheffield , and at least , when my brother was a kid ( 5-10 years ago ) , not many of the schools played any kind of rugby at all . 
  the posh schools did , but they also refused to play my state school . 
  he always had to go out to rotherham , barnsley , doncaster and ne derbyshire for games for school . 
  he also played for both local union teams and went on all sorts of colourful adventures elsewhere . 
  but yeah , rugby at schools does n't really happen here . 
  i think the only reason we played it was our pe teacher was a big welsh bloke who insisted and our school was pretty massive , so finding 15 kids in most age groups was n't a problem . 
  my brother often went to play rugby union matches in wales ( the south yorkshire one ) , as not many schools in my city played union rather than league . 
  every time he said it , there was this vague wonder in the back of my head about how he was remotely good enough to be playing an international team and how the hell he got there so quickly . 
  :p then he went to university in actual wales , and all hell broke loose . 
  and he probably got around them by going to yorkshire and back . 
  it was a totally deliberate six hour detour to avoid the toll ... 
  lord summerisle . 
  for epic creep factor . 
  georgia was aiming for goth beyonce . 
  i actually liked it . 
  ( but i 'm biased ... ), 
  but i think it does demonstrate the weirdly skewed perception british politics tends to have about it . 
  in that hell , i expected the uk 's to be much like germany 's just from popular rhetoric . 
  also , asylum seekers = / = immigration and that 's another misrepresentation in how it 's talked about here . 
  asylum seekers ( when they 're genuine ) are , y' know , from some of the shittiest situations known to man . 
  i 'd at least * like * to think that some of the folks who are anti-immigration would think twice about sending someone back to uganda to get killed because they 're gay , or sending someone back to be a victim of genocide . 
  but yeah , you 're entirely right . 
  political suicide . 
  no worries , man . 
  * cough * wales . 
  * cough * :p, 
  they really are kinda scary . 
  their leaflets take me back to bnp at its worst . 
  they were only in a local election here , and i think that 's where they aim for , but they 're just 0 . o. 
  an academic-y ( interpol , as that 's where i roll ) type on my facebook said that the best way to save the union is a labour-snp agreement of some kind , which seemed to sum it up best for me . 
  england , but i lived in scotland for university for a bit . 
  voted lib dem up there . 
  i lived in wales for my first degree too . 
  ( northern ireland , watch out . 
  i 'm coming for you . ), 
  and personally , i do n't have a single objection . 
  i think , if scotland come out with as many seats for the snp as it looks like they will , it 'd be a massive backfire for a government to ignore them . 
  it 'd just isolate scottish politics further from westminster , and look like a ` your opinions are not welcome here ' move - which will eventually end worse for the ` union ' . 
  i once studied nationalist parties with significant numbers working within parliaments they technically did n't support the existence of , and i generally came to the conclusion that pretending they 're not there or refusing to pay attention to them because they were ` separatist ' only made those parties * more * separatist . 
  essentially , you 're ignoring the strongly worded ( as much as any election result in our electoral system is strongly worded ) opinion of a large part of something * you * consider to be your country .
