  and prolly , thinking about it , it 'd mess up what they were up to in northern ireland too . 
  but huh , good to know . 
  i always figured it was down to a rule ( as i 'm sure that was a thing , up past disraeli ) as he waited . 
  i do n't really get it either , but i am a northerner and i only ever met actual tories at university , man . 
  afaik , tony blair had to wait until he resigned to convert . 
  could be wrong , though . 
  we do n't change our rules unless someone makes us . 
  fair point !, 
  although that was a pretty common thing too . 
  either way , should n't do history from memory . 
  true enough . 
  :d i tried . 
  i failed . 
  she 's one of those so-cynical-it-hurts-my-brain people . 
  i feel like cooking is naught but an excuse . 
  ... well , a 25 year old child . 
  true . 
  a * specific day * that is n't a weekend is a bit weird , though . 
  you could set a date , maybe ? 
  and i suppose the point of a weekend or a sunday specifically is that it counters the argument of ` well , i did n't really get time to vote , as i had to work , then go home and make tea , and i had stuff to do ... ' * * my mother just did exactly this five minutes ago . 
  despite the fact i 'm cooking . 
  i 've only voted in two , tbf . 
  i am but a child . 
  i feel like british politics has an old , obscure and kinda silly rule fetish sometimes . 
  put wigs on that , no voting on weekends , fptp , you ca n't be a catholic and prime minister , hitting doors with a big stick for ... reasons unknown . 
  i 'd like to think it demonstrates our ability to not take ourselves to seriously and enables a long tradition of political mockery . 
  realistically , though , it 's probably just that nobody in power wants to change any of it 'cause it suits them in one way or another and is way too much effort . 
  thankee !, 
  i knew it was something like that . 
  yep , although a lot of corrupt folks in the 19th century would promise to buy you alcohol * after * you 'd voted for them . 
  it would be awesome . 
  though , i imagine , the worry is , everyone 'll go to alton towers/the pub/take a long weekend , and not actually vote . 
  i remember when i lived in canada , there was a local/provincial election , and we got the day of exams moved , and i think someone told me that your employer was supposed to give you some hours off to go vote . 
  ( canadians/quebecois , confirm ? ), 
  all i know is that i could n't vote , so went on a hike up a very big hill . 
  also , on my morning 's research pottering , i discovered that employers can do this in the uk , as long as they do it for all employees , but do n't have to , thanks to the parliamentary elections corrupt practices act . 
  so naturally , nobody does . 
  although i imagine 1885 was a very different time when there was a significant advantage to an employer doing this as certain industrial big-wig types also ran for parliament . 
  ( ensure your workers are landowners enough by giving them a house , give them the day off or time off to go vote , bam , easy seat . 
  because who else they gon na vote for ? ), 
  man , 19th century politics was a shit show . 
  even the anti-corruption measures enabled a different kind of corruption . 
  as i voted lib dem last time only because i did n't think labour had changed or would change under brown . 
  there 's enough of a difference of direction this time to convince me they 're a real alternative to the current govt . 
  i could be hilariously wrong on that , but i prefer to vote optimistically and be let down than cynically and proved right . 
  polls are open from 7am to 10pm , which covers most folks . 
  and the reason for it is that , back in the day ( 19th century ish ) , it was done to discourage the purchasing of votes with alcohol ( i want to say it was part of the corrupt practices act , but my history a level was a long time ago . ), 
  and sundays were far too holy for * politics * . 
  i do n't speak romanian , but i think in most constitutions ( do n't ask , i 've read more than i ever want to ) the english versions usually use ` inviolable ' . 
  countries with border disputes might add ` the territories and borders of [ insert nation here ] are inviolable ' . 
  i think it 's basically there as a constitutional compulsion to defend the borders and state that exists , and that a government ca n't just sit on its ass whilst someone invades . 
  idk about anywhere else , but back when i filled tesco shelves , we occasionally got boxes of dates marked ` israel ' and others marked ` palestinian territories ' , so i guess made in palestine is a thing sometimes . 
  i would think the problem is with ` made in israel ' products , as it 's hard to know what 's made in israel ` proper ' and what is made in a settlement and marked as ` made in israel ' . 
  it was , however , described as a junta by contemporary critics . 
  tbh , i only remember this as i was amazed the word junta was that old . 
  there 's all the tudors too . 
  and king john . 
  effing king john . 
  or richard i , who was too busy killing muslims to even show up to being king . 
  hence john . 
  section 28 was n't repealed until 2000/2003 here . 
  and it 's essentially the same ( at least in subject , if not execution ) as the russian propaganda law rn . 
  i generally felt a lot safer drinking the well water than tbilisi tap water , at least . 
  nice and ... mountainous , i guess . 
  having lived in rural georgia for a while , i can kinda get this . 
  the family i was staying with used a well with an electric pump for water , but had internet and a computer . 
  as it was difficult to get to a bank or post office or whatever , and they had no postal address , they needed that internet to fill in forms/pay bills/order things ( avon . 
  the obsession with avon ... ) . 
  but the water ? 
  well , it 'd been like that for years , nobody 'd died from drinking the well water and they 'd got it hooked up to their shower , so it did everything they needed it to . 
  same with the inside shower  inside toilet . 
  it seemed weird at first , but when i thought about it , it made sense . 
  afaik , there 's the tv show and film . 
  i kinda wish more of these language maps included the caucasus . 
  opinions aside whether it 's europe or not , it 's a very linguistically interesting place . 
  because , tbh , i do n't come to these maps to see which languages get a germanic/romance/slavic origin words , but for the little oddities of language across the map . 
  even here we have a local version that 's not the same as the proper one . 
  you can tell the folks at work who 've worked in a call centre or the military as they use the proper one . 
  everyone else uses stuff like m for mother , s for sugar , f for freddie . 
  i do n't actually know them all . 
  i think it 's the old pre-nato phonetic alphabet . 
  or sometimes i think they 're just making it up . 
  ooh , i 've heard niner used before , but not the others . 
  for comparison and humour , btw : http://amadiere.com/blog/2010/10/non-phonetic-alphabet/, 
  ... that deliberate mispronuciation thing is interesting . 
  i wish i could do that with floor and four . 
  that 's in norfolk . 
  a lot of fruit pickers/agricultural labourers come from lithuania and portugal , as far as i know . 
  * soviet * lithuania , of course . 
  though i 've had conversations at a bus stop . 
  usually about the bus . 
  ` have i just missed a 76 ? ', 
  or ` do you have change for a quid , these buses are exact change , are n't they ? ', 
  if people talk about something * other than * the bus or the weather , then you 've got yourself an odd ball . 
  if the conversation about the bus or the weather goes on more than three lines each , you 're trapped . 
  brit who lived there who speaks both . 
  not a lie . 
  i have heard tell of this . 
  but some part of me thinks there 'd still be live chickens . 
  then get on a 9 + hour bus ride into the mountains .
