  if you crash your bike without a helmet you could die if you crash your car without a seat belt you could die the risk is to the user , not others , the comparison is valid . 
  the comparison is the risk to the user , not others . 
  so the weight of a car is irrelevant . 
  what does this have to do with seat belts ? 
  not wearing a seat belt will only hurt the driver . 
  except if the justification is n't brought by the populace and they revolt because of it . 
  not really . 
  maybe only the swizz and czech at a stretch . 
  maybe the police would n't shoot in the first place if they know it will risk armed revolts . 
  well i 'm talking in more general political research , not just this particular event . 
  and i 'm not going to claim either way what would have happened should ukraine had a rtkba , i think talking in absolute `` this would have happended '' , `` this would n't have happened '' is pointless , you cant possibly know that . 
  the more i learn about politics the more i 'm partial to agree . 
  self defense is a human right , both from people and the government . 
  i am very uneasy about the idea of government having a monopoly of force over it 's citizens . 
  feels weird saying `` good on ya belgium '' in such a case but it makes sense . 
  hard to think about . 
  na it 's because the eu fighter ca n't launch from the carriers . 
  or watch porn at home . 
  in terms of traveling ability . 
  i agree . 
  think they are implying it 's easier to get benefits . 
  which i do n't know if true . 
  regardless , what gives you the moral position to restrict somebody else 's pay ? 
  what about the moral side of restricting somebody else 's pay because you disagree with how hard their job is ? 
  not very moral . 
  government approved freedom is the best freedom !, 
  you think governments giving a shit about human rights violations ? 
  easily say they are in a better situation . 
  they still have a more extensive free speech , expression , bear arms , freer press ( ours will soon be regulated ) , better right to silence , freedom of assembly . 
  we `` have '' all these `` rights '' but they are so watered down its pathetic and embarrassing . 
  everything that 's happened in the us recently has happened here and more some . 
  we are now slipping into pre crime , the state of rights in the country is embarrassing and anything that happens in the us i have no doubt it will/has happened here . 
  oh and to top it all off we have pretty much zero culture of civil liberties here , people do n't care . 
  great !, 
  given the us has basic rights and a people that care about them , i wish we are going full usa . 
  by preventing , i mean should the parents wish it . 
  not that i advocate or think it should happen . 
  exactly . 
  sure . 
  call their isp . 
  preventing kids from accessing porn , or understanding porn is the job of the parents . 
  large majority of cctv is privately owned . 
  its true though , especially the individual responsibility point . 
  far too much nanny state bullshit here and people seem to love it . 
  freedom of speech and individualism/self responsibility would be a good start , might hold the progressive nanny state bullshit . 
  i ca n't wait to see bon jovi in birmingham , not the biggest fan of the new stuff but they put on a bloody good show !, 
  normally a couple of hours worth of solid performances . 
  saw them couple of years ago at o2 , went 3 times in a week with various people and it was brilliant . 
  practically a completely different set list every time , hours long , full effort and a damn good show . 
  fascinating , thank you . 
  fascinating , is it easy to get ? 
  do many people get it ? 
  you can conceal carry in czech republic right ? 
  do you know much about it as i have some questions , find it interesting . 
  i did , i still wanted to practice and think most appreciated the effort . 
  ends up with the german speaking english to the englishman and the englishman speaking ( broken ) german to the german . 
  all part of the fun !, 
  be me . 
  learn basic german ( pleasantries , questions , numbers ) for weekend trip to berlin . 
  great excite to practice . 
  everyone speaks english . 
  in the uk specifically people have been arrested for making jokes on twitter , offensive sure but should n't be illegal . 
  thats a few specific cases but i 'm on my phone so just google ` twitter joke arrest ' . 
  also google ` reform section five '' for some more cases but that reform was successful ( but not enough ) . 
  people should n't be arrested for being offensive , insulting and even hateful and i feel our laws ( specifically the ones quoted above ) are to vague and infringe on that . 
  i would draw the line on imminent and credible threats to violence and that 's probably about it . 
  personally , nothing as i have very little hate/prejudice or anything like that but i value the principle of free speech and feel the uk ( and eu probably ) has n't shown enough respect for it . 
  specifically with the likes of public order acts section 4a and 5 nd communications act section 127 ( if i recall ) . 
  because our speech is n't as free as it should be . 
  i do n't really know the context of `` ddd '' but it depends on who you consider `` germans '' and how you fix any `` issues '' . 
  if the answer is extermination camps then yeah maybe a nazi . 
  are they banned in ireland ? 
  these are such extreme cases that i do n't see it as any reasonable justification to ban anything , burka or balaclava or whatever . 
  owners of buildings should be able to make their own rules , no banning needed . 
  and the last point seems incredibly ineffective , if somebody is willing to commit a crime they will be willing to commit another one and cover their face . 
  `` lets rob this bank , oh wait i 'm not allowed to cover my face ... 
  better not '' . 
  when other people tell them what to wear its bad but when we do it then its good . 
  or something like that . 
  `` most of the time they have no choice so we are going to make it so that everyone has no choice by banning it . '', 
  that seems incredibly hypocritical . 
  whatever dude . 
  the comment i replied to was critical of the idea behind distrust in government , i said why it makes sense to be distrustful in government given history . 
  i 'm not talking about guns . 
  my comment was in reference to a specific point , trust in government . 
  yup , point still stands . 
  after all the atrocities that have happened on various scales through out europe including genocides , persecutions and wars to finally say `` okay , that 's it , * now * its finished '' . 
  hilariously idealistic . 
  i 'm sure the millions and millions of jews who died horribly were glad they took the moral high ground so that some could tell their story . 
   c'mon , please , it 's not 1780 anymore . 
  you only have to go back some peoples current life times to see government doing bad shit and persecuting certain peoples . 
  history repeats itself . 
  while thinking the government is going to make extermination camps tomorrow might be paranoid , seeing the incredibly long history ( in lots of cases , living history in peoples life times ) of genocides , persecutions , lies and god knows what else and think : `` right , all those other times where different , * now * it ends '' seems incredibly idealistic . 
  feels before reals . 
  luckily nhs covers sick burns . 
  yeah i 'm glad uk does n't follow this illiberal shiite , we have our fair share of shit laws thought unfortunately . 
  yup , same . 
   but i still thought it was better than letting neo-nazis breed . 
  calm down on the eugenics , hitler . 
  indeed , says so in the article :  the uk is remarkable for its polarisation : it accounts for a very significant portion ( nearly half ) of the top 1 % of wage earners in the eu , and yet it also has a substantial presence in the bottom two quintiles .
