   no because the protection is people not doing it . 
  never going to happen . 
  just do n't mention to the police you intend to use it for defending yourself otherwise you are a disgusting criminal worthy of prison . 
   the criminal and i alike are not allowed to carry them in london . 
  the reality is they do anyway . 
  and the reality is people are victimised as a result . 
   it 's demonstrably not whats reducing crime . 
  moot point because its not happening as its illegal . 
  all you are doing is regulating peoples self defence against armed/physically superior criminals to using their fists and running ability , that might be good for you but not everybody can and some are physically vulnerable , but good luck to them i guess . 
  the status quo is criminals already having easy access to better weaponry . 
  knives . 
  its just a status quo bias . 
  sure if you want to frame the argument in a dishonest way to prove a point . 
  these yobs would be criminally prosecuted . 
  i do n't believe your last point . 
  the `` was '' implied historic fact , . 
  the status quo sees knives abused by criminals to mug and attack people . 
  if anything we should welcome them using spray instead of much deadlier weapons . 
  they currently can and do carry knives , they already have the advantage . 
  the status quo is n't equal or fair . 
  in a civilized first world county you should n't have to rely on your physical ability to fight armed attackers , its darwinian . 
  armed and physically superior criminals will always exist and will always attack innocent people , all you are disarming is the innocent people . 
  and on principle this should n't be a choice for you or me to make . 
  some young vulnerable person carrying pepper spray is of no threat to you , leave them alone . 
  cool but different country and different laws and anecdotes mean nothing . 
  we are talking about the uk . 
  much more potential for death and probably not legal . 
  i too do n't have data at hand and because we ca n't carry tools here we need to look abroad for it but you did say :  if someone tries to mug you , they are going to win its an absolute statement of fact which is n't grounded in reality , and i ca n't be bothered to debate an argument based on a falss premise . 
  the fact is this : they might win , they might not . 
  some do win , some do n't . 
  do n't talk in absolutes , i would never claim carrying spray would mean you would always win . 
  we disagree , i 've had this argument many times before and i ca n't really be bothered to have it again . 
  notice though your entire argument is based around framing anecdotes and fictional situations in where spray would be useless . 
  this is simply intellectually dishonest , sometimes its useful and sometimes it is n't its as simple as that . 
  you are framing the debate to fit your view , i could make up hypothetical situations to prove where they can be useful but its pointless . 
  your entire argument is basically :  if someone tries to mug you , they are going to win which voids the need for tools . 
  its simply not true and i 'm bored of the argument framed in such a way . 
  not exactly . 
  if there happen to be tools around you , then you can use them . 
  a fictitious example : carrying a baseball bat to go play baseball and somebody attacks me , i can use the baseball bat . 
  carrying a baseball bat for the purpose of defending yourself and somebody attacked you ... that 's where its a legally grey area if not illegal . 
  i 'm not sure what a jury would do but i would n't like the odds . 
  google `` cps self defence '' and there should be some more info there if you fancy it . 
  source ? 
  i 'd rather get mugged by spray carrying criminal than knife but each to their own . 
  you can defend yourself but you ca n't carry anything for the purpose of it , it has to be impromptu . 
  i do n't like the law personally . 
  as to why ? 
  i think it boils down to this : the perceived problems of allowing people to carry it outweighs any perceived benefit . 
  i do n't agree but i think it boils down to that basically . 
  there is also a lot of personal/anecdotal evidence used which i do n't like . . `` why would you need it ? 
  i 've never needed it ! '', 
  great but there are people who do . 
  i like the idea of it on principle . 
  the only person responsible for defending you is you and if people legally want to carry pepper spray i would allow them rather than have to rely on a cop showing up 10 minutes later with some . 
  i doubt it as we have no wild life to use it on except maybe big foxes , if they did you legally could n't carry it as you ca n't carry * anything * for the purpose of defending yourself and if you was carrying one in a city you would have a hard time convincing a cop you was carrying it to defend yourself against wild deer and foxes . 
  you would have to lie to carry it , shitty situation . 
  could you explain the procedure on how to legally buy and carry one ? 
  its a good thing its legal , here in the uk its not . 
  in general statistics override personal anecdotes . 
  maybe i 'm being cynical but seems fairly easy to do unless you literally carry * all * the cricket gear needed , take it out an unsocialable hours etc, 
   you can however always be on the way to cricket practice , or chop some logs . 
  i would n't want to rely on that in court , you would need all the extra gear and clothes/location etc. 
  pepper spray and/or tasers reasonable to acquire legally in germany ? 
  ally as in friend, 
  yes . 
   while homosexuality was widely practiced in many muslim countries . 
  where ? 
  the only real point was that gun rights is n't a right wing exclusive thing . 
  marx your man ? 
   `` ... the workers must be armed and organised . 
  the whole proletariat must be armed at once with muskets , rifles , cannon and ammunition ... under no pretext should arms and ammunition be surrendered ; any attempt to disarm the workers must be frustrated , by force if necessary . '', 
  thats not what 's happening . 
  its not a nice thing but that does n't mean something should be against the law or not . 
  i do n't deal with absolutes , we can talk about heroin regulation ( which i support ) in another thread . 
  different drug , different regulation . 
  legal cannabis = maggot-infested opium dens , stop being a fucking idiot . 
  or just wait till its legal here , which it will be . 
  your on the wrong side of history . 
  are you trying to make some point or being serious ? 
  the comparison between morphine and cannabis is stupid for obvious reasons . 
  not at all ` near death ' just in some fairly bad pain like broken limbs or procedures that are uncomfortable . 
  i had an opiate for a colonoscopy which can be done without any drugs ( if you need to drive after ) . 
  no risk or major pain at all , had it anyway . 
  that 's morphine and its used all the time, 
  people cling to the idea that any potential downsides ( mental health issues ) somehow outweight the positives without taking into account the chance of issues ( very low , something like 2 % of * daily * smokers have issues and i do n't believe the causation has every been established just a casual relationship ) . 
  i think they would be in for a shock to know that most all medical drugs have issues with them that can arise in rare cases . 
  there seems to be some sort of weird bias towards the apparent risk of illegal drugs , given that most are extremely low , and perceiving it as being unacceptable and worthy of crimalisation while giving a free pass to much more dangerous drugs like alcohol of tobacco or even medical equivalents . 
  it 's all very inconsistent and illogical . 
   nearly 10 % is a lot imo , but that 's only a personal opinion indeed . 
  not all dependency is equal , its not the same as alcohol dependency ( which kills ) and its about as bad as coffee withdrawal . 
  http://www.procon.org/view.background-resource.php?resourceid=001492  if it was up to me the tax payer would pay zero . 
  the only way this could be remotely true is 0 cannabis users or tax them so they pay for it themselves . 
  illegal just means users use and non users pay . 
  plenty of other drugs should be regulated in various ways depending on the substance . 
  magic mushrooms , mdma , cannabis , lsd and a few other ones should be legal and sold yes . 
  `` harder '' stuff should be regulated but in different ways . 
  you are always going to have drug users , the question is who will provide the drugs and who will pay for any issues . 
  illegal model means gangs and non users . 
  regulated model means tax and users pay .
