frankly , when it comes to country wide statistics , your anecdotal experience means very little . 
  i 'm not scared of a few idiots doing stupid shit . 
  i am scared of populist reactionary bullshit spread by many here who think restricting vital rights for millions of people because a handful of people are fucking idiots is a good idea . 
  ironically this illiberal , reactionary bollocks driven by fear and anger ( fear and anger being the best excuses to restrict rights of course ) is normally done to `` protect '' western/european values ... well uh . . one of them fucking vales is personal freedom !, 
  expression and speech !, 
  which is good . 
  a hand full of idiots driving a car and waving a flag is n't a problem . 
  what your implying is n't exactly something to be proud of . 
  because most people are , hopefully , adults and can ignore and get on with their live 's without resorting to physical violence . 
  no one has the right to order others around . 
  except when it comes to waving flags we do n't like about !, 
   support of an oppressive/violent organization should be punishable . 
  by using oppressive/violent government force and law !, 
  the irony blows my mind . 
  i ca n't help myself . 
   controlling people 's freedom of speech seems like a trait very in common with the nazi party . 
  it seems incredibly ironic that people support fascist/nazi ideas like thought and speech crimes to apparently counter fascist/nazi ideas ... 
  but not too hard ... 
  some kind of paedo ?!?!, 
  huh !, 
   on a related note , people of the uk , what is with those people who drive at 40mph in a 60 zone , then straight through a 30 zone at 40mph ? 
  i went on a speed awareness course after being caught speeding and there was a surprising amount of old people who thought national speed limit on normal roads was 40/50 ... 
  strange . 
  as i say , small town and 25 . 
  nearest city ( norwich ) and i know numerous with 50 +, 
  probably any city . 
  i 'm getting 25 in a small town of 7k people . 
  beautiful free markets . 
  kind of proving his point when your ranked 18th, 
  it 's great your family was there for you , as a society we should be promoting this compassion . 
  its also the families duty to protect and look after each other . 
  it should be the local communities as well , friends and neighbours ... 
  but i fear `` the state will sort it out '' has ruined/made worst the sense of community and compassion . 
  why should i care if my neighbours of friends are staving ? 
  state takes hundreds out of my pay check every month and i 'm sure it will trickle down to them eventually once it took a cut to spend on carriers and planes . 
  i do n't understand or accept restrictions on fundamental rights simply because `` liberal democracy '' . 
  i do n't believe restrictions on fundamental rights is compatible with `` liberal democracy '' , maybe we have different definitions but the first line of wiki explains it pretty well as i understand it :  liberal democracy is a form of government in which representative democracy operates under the principles of liberalism , i.e. 
  ** protecting the rights of the individual , which are generally enshrined in law . 
  ** far too many times i see people flippantly ( and yes , in general it seems * very * flippant and basically summed up as `` i do n't like their view/speech ) support/encourage restrictions on rights ( normally speech/expression ) because `` liberal democracy '' . 
  ironically it seems very illiberal , though i suppose it is rather democratic as european countries ( and i understand canada to some extent ) do seem to love restricting speech/expression they deem offensive or otherwise undesirable . 
  i dont see how what you say is relevant . 
  maybe we should just lock extremists up ? 
  they are obviously criminals waiting to happen apparently ? 
  so there is n't , okay . 
  yes i expect people in our countries to be non violent , we have laws against assault etc already . 
  is there a history of violence by isis supporters in amsterdam that i 'm unaware of ? 
  is there good reason to believe this march will turn violent to people around it ? 
  limiting speech/expression based on feelings ... what could possibly go wrong . 
   think about it , would you want these awful moslim extremists doing whatever the fuck they do at the center of the city ? 
  i know i would n't for sure . 
  so i think this ban is very good . 
  would i want them and would i want them banned from doing it are two different things . 
  i dont think its a very good idea to limit speech/expression simply based on if i like what people are doing , pretty scary that you consider limiting such a fundamental right in such a flippant way . 
  i support peoples right to fly flags supporting groups i do n't personally like . 
  do not support this ban and hope it does n't come here . 
  yeah probably not the best way to say it , ill edit !, 
  sure , and used my pin every time . 
  i always use my pin with my card here in the uk . 
  i believe that view is too simplistic for the real world . 
  care to explain further ? 
  if i could afford it i would see it as an excellent investment for any future kids assuming they can claim eu/us citizenship . 
  i was under the impression its extremely hard . 
  deregulate the overregulated `` traditional '' taxi companies so they can compete with uber , if they ca n't keep up then they die off . 
  [ yeah probably ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzsvp2woe9e ) . 
  either way its a joke as both statements are shit . 
  maybe you should go to north korea ? 
  they love the state . 
  state power for everyone !, 
  it violated ec of fundamental rights so how would similar national laws not also do that ? 
  or do they not come under ecj jurisdiction ? 
  edit : think i 'm getting confused with echr, 
   the ecj recently squashed the existing law how will the new uk law not be in violation then ? 
  maybe that 's the reason for the `` safe guards '' and sunset clause ? 
  [ from england !, 
  because the terrorists !, 
  think of the children !, 
  i 'm envious of their optimism . 
  you need to read some history then . 
  spoilers : governments have done some bad things, 
  certainly helps . 
  a lot . 
  hope your right !, 
  to some extent sure . 
  yup , hopefully this wo n't come here . 
  i fear it will . 
  being an asshole should n't be illegal . 
  history repeats itself , i 'm sure after every government atrocity . . of which their are many in europe alone . . people said `` its fine now , it will never happen again !, 
  basic courtesy = / = law . 
  your not wrong . 
  the solution however in banning something for the whole population is literally making it a magnitude worst . 
  you are increasing oppression , not decreasing it . 
  your point is irrelevant as nobody has the right to the irrelevant things you listed . 
  `` some women '' is a fact . 
  its not all , this is undeniable . 
   the number of women who asked to wear that one i can probably count on my fingers on one hand , in the entire country . 
  source ? 
   because yes i 'd rather advocate conformism modifying ... tl : dr version being fuck minority rights . 
  because personal liberty should be a european goal . 
  your examples all require no extra law . 
   as long as you do n't do anything against the law ( such as destroying property , both public or private ) the government will not do anything against you governments throughout history has shown this to be not true .
