  it 's simple numerics . 
  * some * women are forced via social/family pressure to wear something . 
  now * all * people can not and this rule is backed by law and government force . 
  there is literally more oppression . 
   , if you think it 's normal to force down a specific attire on women and you advocated force to conform not wearing something . 
  you are the same as the thing you hate , congrats . 
   such as child abuse , domestic violence , sexual harassment , etc. 
  you do n't have the right to violence , sexual harassment and child abuse . 
  you * should * ( but in france apparently do n't ) have a right to wear what you like and express yourself . 
  your examples are in no way shape or form comparative . 
  i do n't think i can take that court ( and france to a degree ) seriously anymore . 
  my faith in the echr has taken a hit that 's for sure . 
  banks are private property and not a public street . 
  irrelevant . 
  can you not see why somebody would want demonstrate against their government with anonymity ? 
  banks are private institutions and can decide for themselves what they want people wearing on their property , or at least should be able to . 
   because it was frequently forced down on those wearing it . 
  and now * everyone * is forced not to wear it . 
  all that has happened is more oppression has been created and i would argue government force is worst than social/family in pretty much every way . 
  i can not see how the situation is better it any regard . 
  i do n't believe there is any point in continuing this , we disagree on such a fundamental level . 
  so using government force to make sure they ca n't dress a certain way to `` help '' them ... 
  nonsense . 
  in this case it 's simple . 
  how about not forcing government law on people for clothing choices ? 
  it does n't hurt you so leave them alone . 
  freedom and all that shit , use to be a valuable goal . 
  thank you for highlighting the failings of democracy . 
  tyranny of the majority . 
  great . 
  most brits , according to a poll a few years ago , support the death penalty . 
  bring it back right ? 
  will of the people !, 
  shopping , banking whatever is on private property . 
  you can , for now , still have a hoddy on a cold night in public . 
  too many people here complaining about private property rules and company polices . 
  i done care for the semantics . 
  private property . 
  then take it up with that shop and if you disagree withdraw business . 
  personal liberty has always been a british value all the way back with bill of rights and magna carta . 
   ... in public . 
  banks , shops , whatever should be free to apply their own rules on face coverings on their property . 
  i have no problem with that . 
  and you ( or a muslim woman ) should be free to then use/not use that business because of whatever policy they choice . 
  freedom and liberalism , these should be `` british values '' we promote . 
  buildings ( banks , jewellers whatever ) can deal with face coverings with their own polices , we do n't need more government laws and illiberal ones at that . 
   the great thing about a multinational/state world is there is a country for everyone to live as they choose . 
  unless they want to wear something on their face . 
   it may be not important at the moment , as minorities are just that . 
  thank you for showing the bad side of democracy . 
  personal liberty is a very important issue . 
  the answer to social/cultural oppression of some is definitely not government law ( which by definition is backed by force and applied to all ) . 
  people should be free to cover their faces in public , disappointing . 
  being turned off the echr by how weak it appears to be . 
  the answer to this is n't more government oppression and law 's , you are replacing family pressure with government force . 
  i hope we do n't , people should be free to cover their faces in public . 
  . . maybe because of the gambling and parties ... 
  was n't the who ranking back in 2000 ? 
  that 's quite a while a go ... 
  politically yes i probably would . 
  meh , better than the whole country being a free speech no go zone . 
  but i am seriously considering moving ( mainly due to the politics here ) when i finish my training and as such staying in a union which allows freedom of movement gives me great options . 
  but it 's pointless looking into now as i need to finish training and gaining experience to make that easier . 
  this realisation is hard to come by . 
  hopefully in future when you advocate for people to be locked in cages for speech crimes you will think twice . 
  have fun . 
  he was locked in a cage against his will . 
  ignore this reality like most do so it makes it easier to justify all you want . 
  i have to finish my training before leaving this shithole , makes me more appealing to the other countries . 
  and i could n't care less about downvotes , but yes / r/uk also have a love for using state violence and force for its own moral views ( unless its drugs ) being locked up for speech is literally the exact opposite of free , it could n't be more the complete opposite if it tried . 
   ... i 'll look into better options in a few years . . 
   without repercussions . 
  if the repercussions are jail , then yes that 's exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  if you are locked up for speech its the exact opposite of free . 
  and i 'm thinking any eu country respects free speech more than this one given section 5/4a of public order acts and the relevant online variants . 
  we have people getting arrested for drunken jokes on twitter and facebook , it sickens me . 
  i 'll look into better options in a few years but knowing our law , i think just randomly pointing at a map of the eu will provide . 
  im not ignoring it, 
  probably correct , still give more options should i need it though . 
  i 'm not . 
  our lack of free speech laws just show the mentality that is present here , love of the state ect , its present in most aspects of our politics and wo n't be changing anytime soon . 
  exactly and when i finish my training i will seriously consider moving because of it . 
  sure but it wo n't always work , too many people are comfortable with government power in all aspects of their lives , we have no real culture of civil liberties . 
  incidents like this and the recently high profile twitter and facebook arrests make me very pro eu , that way i can bail out of this shithole with ease . 
  just fyi , in case you did n't know , the `` gun '' ban is semi centre fire and `` pistols '' . 
  bolt guns ( all calibres ) , shotguns and .22 semis with no mag limits are legal . 
  bit of a simplification but yeah . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/interactive/2011/jun/30/uk-population-mapped few years old but yeah . . seems so . 
  [ not just homicide ] ( http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/67212000/gif/_67212717_uk_peace_624map.gif ) but might be interesting to you . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-22275280 ), 
   americans travel on highways . 
  i bet that collisions on highways are more often fatal than collisions on britain 's one-lane pre-roman roads . 
  without the stats ( on my phone ) i bet not . 
  we learn in driver safety/risk talks ( some thing college kids do sometimes ) that country roads here in the uk ( of which i drive regularly ) are by far the most dangerous for deaths and motorways are safest . 
  crashes on our motorways normally involve heavy braking rear end crashes at a lower speed that you would imagine ( you see the crash coming ) . 
  country road crashes are brutal , your losing control at 50-60mph and the chances are high that you will hit something hard like a tree ( big killers ) or another car coming the other way ( no lane dividers obviously ) . 
  i would take a crash on a us highway over one on my local road ( which unfortunately i have crashed on but was very lucky , unlike numerous people i know . ), 
  same in the uk, 
  right . 
  i do n't see your point .
