  basically the reason for this inequality is london . 
  but i would rather the rich here than not . 
  and i would still rather be poor in uk than say , kosovo , because there 's more to life than wage envy about how much rich people make . 
  quote me where i said the un was going to arrest her . 
   who said anything about arrest the article . 
  numerous times . 
  we shall see if any crimes were committed or not but the article and chief clearly mentions the possibility of arrest . 
  i know the un chief ca n't arrest people . 
  free speech is for all . 
  i never said the un was going to arrest here . 
  i know exactly what free speech is . 
  i was responding to this :  that does not mean she will not have to deal with the consequences . 
  if the consequence is arrest then yes she should not have to deal with it . 
  i perfectly understand what free speech is . 
  i was responding to your comment here :  that does not mean she will not have to deal with the consequences . 
  if the consquence is arrest , then yes they should absolutely bd free from it . 
  its literally the exact meaning . 
  how offensive . 
  i 've reported you to the hurt feelings division of the un for misuse of speech crimes . 
   so my right is to insult you , ginger cunt ins ' t it ? 
  go stick a brownie up your ass will you ? 
  yes it is your right . 
  however it literally means nothing to me . 
  i 'm not a perpetually offended idiot . 
  hate speech ? 
  insults ? 
  peoples rights are more important than your feelings , call the un on me . 
  if you are punished by law , you are not free to say it . 
  and one of these principles should be free speech . 
  the nazis also liked oppression of speech and views . 
  so to beat the nazis , we must become them !, 
  less freedom is more or something . 
  ironically nazi fascist bad would oppression of her speech . 
  something the un chief is advocating for . 
  the body can be really resilient sometimes , i remember reading numerous stories of people being shot in the head during wars and living , then a single punch killing others . 
  wired like that . 
  again history has shown that `` middle ground '' in the reaction to a terrorist attack has not been achieved . 
  see : 9/11 and london reactions . 
  it 's precarious at best . 
  and being too authoritarian has its side effects . 
  see : history . 
  be careful what you wish for . 
  foolish to take pride in something you had no input on the creation . 
  thankful , sure , but pride seems weird . 
  it 's also very easy to manipulate people with . 
  the status quo has victims , at least you now recognise that . 
  that 's called a false equivalence . 
  the argument * seems * the same but it is n't . 
  and the girl who used it to stop being raped ? 
  you can easily kill people without weapons . 
  and just because its illegal to carry weapons means nothing , its also illegal to severely injure people but it still happens . 
  only state approved fun making is allowed . 
  lol . 
  i 'll take the report over your one sentence analysis . 
   it 's almost as if ` diversity ' is n't a factor in positive economic growth . 
  comprehensive analysis there . 
  it 's almost as if you do n't want ` diversity ' to be a factor in economic growth . 
  shit article , classic bbc article on guns really . 
   `` belgium has traditionally had a strong arms industry '' ( pictured fn m249 ) so ? 
  i do n't think criminals are running around with fn made scar 17 's and m240 's sweden has a strong arms industry but you do n't see criminals run around with carl gustavs . 
   `` until 2006 it had quite liberal domestic gun legislation , making the country a european hot spot for the arms trade , ** including for people with bad intentions . 
  like i said , i do n't think criminals run around with fn made rifles and mgs . 
   even though belgian legislation is now stricter and more solid , the country has retained this reputation . 
  hmm maybe because fucking belgian legal gun owners has no effect on ex-soviet bloc yugoslav war full auto ak 's ? 
  maybe ? 
  unless there is a legal market for them in belgium i 'm unaware of . 
   this increase of heavy firearms on the illegal market is mainly linked to smuggling from the balkans . 
  there we have it . 
  do something about that . 
   firstly , we need strong and harmonised legislative frameworks for legal gun possession at the national level across the eu . 
  fuck off , legal gun owners in the eu are n't selling or owning balkan full auto ak 's . 
   the clearer the rules on legal possession , the more efficient the fight against the illegal market . 
  nope . 
   secondly , we need more knowledge of the problem . 
  yes , do that . 
  the institute of feels over reals . 
  i was being facetious , still a smaller more vulnerable person is fucked against an armed criminal regardless of what the law says . 
  this does n't fully answer the question as i 'm on my phone and have limited search capability but when it comes to legal tools to use only a rape alarm is allowed : http://m.askthe.police.uk/content/q589.htm?viewsinglecontentelementid=30827 the law accepts the chances of rape is possible but you can only blow a whistle while they rape you , do n't want people hurting anybody now do we . 
  we should ban knives , hard shoes , feet and hands , martial arts , people over a certain size , ban physical touching , ban being angry , ban keys and bricks . 
  think how safe we will be , think of the children . 
  i 'm being a little bit facetious to be honest as the people who are normally against law abiding carrying things think making stuff illegal works , a licence system would at least allow police to arrest known criminals carrying . 
  you ca n't carry * anything * for the purpose of defending yourself . 
  carry a rock ( pathetic state of affairs ) but if stopped by the police lie . 
  only criminals would carry high capacity assault umbrellas . 
  think of the children . 
   rights stop where the rights of other people begin true , but i would n't consider somebody carrying pepper spray a violation of your rights . 
  people can be considered a danger for any number of reasons and for doing any number of things , its a murky line you 're drawing . 
  no bears , no wolves . 
  that 's a choice the victim of the crime should make , not you or me . 
  we are talking about a spray that 's legal in your country , is it wild west because of it ? 
  stop talking about guns , we are n't talking about guns we are talking about something legal in germany so unless you admit your country is filled with armed criminals there is n't a problem . 
  a simple licence system could prevent known criminals carrying them . 
  they might have the advantage , but he did n't say that . 
  he said : * they will always win * . 
  which is not true and only really said to make your side of the argument easier because it justifies it . 
  just . . go ? 
  i edited my post btw , you probably did n't see it . 
  i support the idea on principle , i can not justify disarming others in such a way regardless of the stats ( to a certain extent ) . 
  unless there was evidence of an absolute epidemic of pepper spraying criminals ( which i do n't believe there would be ) i still support it . 
  i can not justify disarming others and leaving them to face armed criminals , it may be rare but it happens .
