  one had a student who chose ` hitler ' as his english name . 
  when asked why , they would say they admire him because was very strong and he made germany strong . 
  one colleague had this in a speaking exam , and she took exception to it and asked the student how he 'd feel about people admiring imperial japan because they were very strong and killed a lot of chinese in the war . 
  i noticed a lot of people admired figures like putin , trump , etc. 
  strongman figures , regardless of what they actually stood for . 
  i properly laughed out loud on the subway train when i saw that one . 
  it was awkward . 
  not for the uk at least . 
  i think i got to this sub by a link from r/unitedkingdom , which is also not geo default . 
  i was about to say !, 
  the sun is not my friend , and i love storms . 
  give me weather like this and i 'd be having the best damn holiday . 
  germans are n't inherently anything , but there is an organised movement of violent racists in germany , and tolerating them allows them to flourish and bring more people to their cause . 
  the areas cited as being of most concern ( e.g. 
  saxony ) are n't even the areas with the most refugees anyway ; in fact they have some of the least in the country . 
   but german authorities are fighting back -- the group of eight neo nazi activists is on trial ; federal prosecutors argue that the group 's attacks on refugee shelters and left-wing politicians in 2015 and 2016 are tantamount to that of a terrorist cell . 
  terrorist cells is exactly what they are . 
  they need to be crushed . 
  and the other 500 are physical attacks or arson . 
  that 's bad enough on it 's own , but the verbal attacks are n't anything to sniff at either ; they 're exercises in intimidation , and the more people can verbally abuse migrants with impunity , the more others will be emboldened to use physical violence . 
  so arrest and punish the racist thugs ; do n't let them dictate your policy . 
  am i missing something ? 
  the trump handshaking challenge has become a bizarre kind of spectator sport now . 
  macron is a pro at it . 
  [ apparently so . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/society/2016/dec/15/smoking-drinking-young-people-lowest-level-on-record-england ) it 's definitely a good thing from any rational perspective , but damn , poland and lithuania are going to lap us at this rate . 
  fewer and fewer of our teenagers drink at all , so we 're never going to catch up i 'm afraid . 
  i think they mean hotel package or resort tourism . 
  the kind that are popular among british tourists who go for the sun and beach and not a lot else . 
   many spaniards hold very negative views of the british because of these aforementioned tourists . 
  * i * hold a negative view of the british because of the aforementioned tourists , and i am british . 
  and as for the fraudulent ` compo ' claims , what always sickens me is how * proud * of themselves the people who do it are . 
  like they really see screwing over the people who hosted them , fed them , and indulged their loutish behaviour as being a success and something to boast about . 
  would be a good call , but we also need palmerston to head up the foreign office , and the two cats are notoriously hostile to each other , which would not bode well for a unified brexit strategy . 
  yeah , so i see . 
  apologies for the mistake !, 
  actually , i have to admit that it 's the former . 
  for some reason i had assumed that scania was part of sweden , then taken by denmark , then taken back by sweden . 
  i 've got the wikipedia page open now and , obviously not . 
  you mean you 've never had to use any of the set phrases we learned in french ? 
  phrases like : `` what colour is it , the house ? '', 
  `` the house , it is red . '', 
  `` where is it , the post office ? '', 
  `` the post office , it is in the centre of town . '', 
  - has allem\u00e4nsr\u00e4tten , the universal right to access , walk through , camp in , and forage in any uncultivated land , owned or unowned , within reason . 
  supposedly it 's a sunday tradition to go for a hike in the woods and pick wild mushrooms and berries . 
  - one of the best countries in the world for speaking english as a foreign language , with 85 % of the population being at least conversant in english . 
  - all of sk\u00e5ne used to belong to denmark , until sweden won it back in the 16th or 17th century . 
  ca n't remember any of the details , but i know that sk\u00e5ne still has a strong dialect . 
  - seen as a socialist utopia by many people on the left in the anglosphere , but this has a crazy backlash with the right portraying it as a war torn hellhole with constant rape by muslim immigrants ( tip for life : * never * read the comments in a youtube video about sweden ) . 
  all of europe is portrayed in a ridiculous way by the american media , but no country has been smeared so thoroughly as sweden . 
  - the above seems to be a source of mixed amusement and annoyance to most swedes , who have never claimed that their country is perfect ; indeed their critical take on the country is reflected , for example , in the popularity of the `` nordic noir '' genre of crime fiction . 
  - very dark history of eugenics , especially towards the sami . 
  edit : to preemptively clarify , it 's not current and sweden is mostly open about the history , but it still comes as a shock in contrast to the country 's very progressive profile now . 
  - beautiful natural scenery , snow , and the aurora , which i 'm desperate to see . 
  the swedencock and finnballs effect is particularly pronounced on those maps that only show eu members . 
  be fair , there 's got to be at least a small percentage of `` remoaners '' for them to demonise . 
  call it 1 % , and we 're all rich , prole hating , probably gay liberals who live in islington . 
  on the other hand , it seems to me even more torturous to spread your legs at the 100 degree angle , together with slouched posture , that such men insist on doing . 
  it 's not about comfort ; it 's being an antisocial knob . 
  ah , i do apologise . 
  netherlands , this cultural treasure is yours . 
  to be fair , the music is from germany , the beer was probably belgian , and if they move on for a kebab that 'll be turkish , but it all comes together to make a very british night out . 
  probably true , but i 'm so sick of labour marketing themselves as `` the only alternative to the tories '' , and their happiness at keeping the fptp system in place to make sure that logic always applies . 
  pr would mean that we never have to do this tactical voting nonsense ever again , and the lib dems and the greens are offering that . 
  happy national day , sweden !, 
  i 've never been but i sincerely look forward to seeing the country this autumn . 
  the police have responded time and time again when the suggestion comes up that they be armed that they do n't want it , and that it harms the relationship between police and public on which they operate . 
  we have the armed response units when necessary . 
  this is the kind of shitty outcome that all the chest beating about `` zero tolerance , deport them all '' logically leads to . 
  right , so the government fucked up 15 years ago . 
  and 15 years later they decide to punish this girl for their fuck up . 
  the manifesto talks about looking to retain the benefits of the free market and customs union , and rules out any targets on immigration reduction , so assuming corbyn had a hand in that manifesto he 's also apparently going for that . 
  or at least saying that he is . 
  even if he privately despises the eu and the eea , he 's not going to get any workable consensus from the parliamentary labour party or even his activists for hard brexit . 
  probably bringing back corporal punishment in schools , changing the gcse exams back to o levels , etc. 
  you know , properly taking education back to the 50s to go with the whole grammar schools nonsense . 
  yep . 
  one of the few things i was ever willing to defend david cameron on was the targeted killing of those two british daesh fighters in syria , which he caught a lot of flak for . 
  as far as i 'm concerned once they have joined daesh they 've effectively renounced their citizenship of britain and indeed humanity as a whole . 
  i 'm moving to sweden to study from august , and i am very excited to do some walking and exploring . 
  in england and wales right of access to uncultivated land has historically been quite hard fought for , and we 're still a long way from the kind of access you have up in the nordic countries . 
  my sympathies for any and all ba staff ; today must be the day from hell . 
  i agree . 
  taking in refugees is the morally correct thing to do , and we should continue to do so , but there 's more work to it than just providing shelter ; they need to be able to integrate and make a contribution , and often that will mean spending time and money to make sure they can do so . 
  ukraine , under occupation by russia . 
  it was a blatant land grab by military means , and we ca n't allow that to be normalised in the modern world . 
  several times when watching this i thought the video had skipped back 5 minutes , because she was saying almost the exact same things word for word . 
  turns out she just does that regardless of what the question is . 
  accomplishing nothing is far , far preferable to accomplishing the police state shit that the right want to accomplish . 
  majority of britons need to get a grip . 
  the point of ` cultural imperialism ' would be your culture being in a position of dominance over the native one , which would require your culture to occupy institutional power . 
  largely poor immigrants cloistering in isolated communities is n't a good thing , but it 's not imperialism . 
  i looked at that red cliff face ( as an amateur rock climber ) and thought it must be fun to climb * up * if one were good enough , but who in their right mind would try to climb down there to get to the water ? 
  just think of it as the five years he would have spent in prison instead if he had n't run from the law . 
  the last labour government was planning to introduce them , but it was very unpopular . 
  the government had been getting more authoritarian in general , so people saw id cards as a tool of social control . 
  that said , i think most of the issues were with the management of databases and the extent of the information that would be held , rather than the cards themselves . 
  the tory-lib dem coalition scrapped it as soon as they came to power in 2010 , and the idea has n't been raised since ( though it would n't surprise me if the tories do after this election ) . 
  what is , sharia law ?
