this is the reason we anglophones generally suck so much at foreign languages . 
  i would say `` see brexit '' , but i do n't think it 's that simple . 
  for a lot of people , probably the majority , the eu is a massive entity that they do n't know much about , but they know it 's telling britain what to do and overriding our laws . 
  which laws , nobody seems to exactly know . 
  there 's been a constant anti-eu press in the tabloids for years , and the eu is n't exactly easy to understand , so for most people it 's just a vaguely bad thing that we will be better off out of . 
  then again , support for the eu is usually more pragmatic than ideological : those who support it usually do so because it makes travelling and trading simpler , and leaving would be too much of a hassle . 
  i think this is usually true of people who have traveled more and/or used foreign currency . 
  i was actually quite surprised how many people were genuinely upset and felt an emotional loss at brexit . 
  so maybe my estimation was wrong , and there is some sentimentality for a united europe after all . 
  we do n't know that they are ; the article says it 's being investigated whether it was deliberate . 
  it should be noted that migrant camps are generally prone to fires , since people make fires and use candles and oil lamps , as well as shoddy electronics . 
  especially as the nights get cooler . 
  of course , if it is deliberate they 'd hardly be the first rioters to burn down their own neighbourhood . 
  i 'm sure italeven be fun . 
  * our prime minister is still trying to find a way to please all parties and meet all requirements with our departure from the eu , and we 're meeting with the g20 in hangzhou where the subject is a key one . 
  the international reaction has been cool though ; japan has said it will pull a lot of investment and japanese companies will almost certainly relocate their european head offices and manufacturing to germany if the deal is not satisfactory , and obama has reiterated that britain will not be at the front of the queue for a new trade deal . 
  still no word on when article 50 will be activated . 
  * theresa may has also ruled out a points based immigration system , which will likely disappoint many leave voters . 
  * the green party has elected two people to joint party leader , in what seems to be a first for political parties . 
  * the british medical association has called off a planned strike action of junior doctors over fears of public safety . 
  negotiations with the ministry of health are still getting nowhere , however , so more strikes seem inevitable . 
  regarding the first option , of course it 's wrong that they 're forced to wear it , but surely if they are then it should be the people forcing them to wear it that are punished ? 
  as it is , the penalty seems to befall the women instead , in the worst cases amounting to police officers publicly removing their clothing . 
  regarding the second , i do n't see that it follows that they think like the taliban or isis , that this is the way that all women should be required to dress ; or that they 're actively promoting a radical form of islam ( if they really do belong to that brand of hyper-machismo islam , they 're unlikely to be allowed to preach actively anyway ) . 
  the only person they 're enforcing it on is themselves . 
  if i come across like i see nothing wrong with the burqa and the view that women should be hidden away behind a veil , well i do . 
  i think it 's backwards and i want to see the practice end . 
  but handing out bans , telling people what they can wear , what they can believe , is n't the way to go about it ; it only hardens the resolve of people who feel under attack already . 
  european culture is strong enough to withstand women wearing veils ; if we start humiliating people in public for their clothing then we really will lose the higher ground . 
  the ones in the second picture are part of an organisation built entirely around racial supremacism and violence , and can be inferred from their membership thereof to have been at the very least supporters of said violence . 
  the ones in the first picture are hurting nobody , and the worst i could infer from their clothing is that they subscribe to a backwards view that as women should be hidden away . 
  if that 's the case i pity them , but i ca n't feel any antipathy toward them . 
  i can think of some wards in birmingham where muslims might make up a majority , but certainly no towns . 
  where exactly are you thinking of ? 
  my estonian friend told me there was a proposal to ban it there . 
  it would have affected a grand total of 2 people . 
  yes . 
  i think she said something like `` excuse me , is this seat taken ? 
  i think the ruling is absolutely pathetic and makes a mockery of europe , but fine . 
  and i disagree ; wearing the burqa showcases nothing except that that is what the person feels comfortable wearing . 
  particularly given that no one ever seems to ask the women in question what they think . 
  and no , call me s hippy but i do want people to feel welcome in europe , and getting this worked up over a sodding piece of cloth shows us as little better than the theocratic hellholes like saudi and afghanistan that you mentioned . 
  sorry , just how have they harmed you so much that you want to throw them out of the country for what they choose to wear ? 
  what , the european court of human rights agrees on banning it ? 
  care to cite a ruling ? 
  people in europe choosing to wear a burqa is in no way comparable to the taliban . 
  no european law forces it on anyone . 
  yeah , i 'm getting that sense . 
  i 've also learned today that all muslims want to throw gay people off buildings , which comes as a bit of a surprise , but there you go . 
  fascism it is . 
  what justifications have we seen for islamists ? 
  from whom ? 
  that 's not persecution . 
  i 'm talking about what the fn would do if given the chance , which is to persecute french citizens for having immigrant origins or being muslims . 
  even if i believed for one moment that they have lgbt interests at heart ( which is laughable ) , it 's not an acceptable trade off . 
  sorry , who exactly do you think i 'm giving my support to ? 
  what you want and do n't want is irrelevant . 
  if you give your support to a party that will persecute large sections of the population , you are a bigot , whatever your reasons for doing so . 
  the photo of aylan kurdi drowned on the beach had the effect of transforming overnight how people viewed the refugee crisis . 
  before that picture most people had seen the syrian refugees as a faceless , threatening horde . 
  the picture drove home that they are real people and that it 's a major humanitarian crisis . 
  what transformative effect would pictures of this attack have ? 
  we already feel sympathy for the victims and feel anger at the terrorists who kill them . 
  good on them . 
  this is exactly the welcome she deserves everywhere . 
  `` pinkwashing '' is exactly the right term to use for this . 
  the fn are not friends to gay people , and feeling threatened by some homophobic muslims is no excuse for voting for fascism . 
  i can . 
  `` the norm '' , if a norm is something that happens in intervals of years or even decades in any given european city . 
  we can take these attacks seriously without losing our heads over it . 
  terrorist attacks are scary but they stand out precisely because they 're not the norm . 
  do n't be silly . 
  this is batshit even among muslims worldwide , let alone in europe , as the article states . 
  summary of the man 's career so far . 
  he was gone as ukip leader as soon as it came to actually being responsible for the direction brexit takes . 
  this is a man who has never needed to work for anything or take responsibility for anything in his life , milks the eu political system for all he can , and then has the brass balls to project that onto the eu parliament . 
  it 's definitely the simplification i see most with , say , immigration and jobs . 
  the idea that every immigrant who has a job is `` taking '' a job from a brit , for example , that the total number of jobs is static , and that without all the immigrants there 'd be the same number of jobs for fewer people ; rather than a die off of lots of jobs because the industries would n't survive without those particular skills . 
  love how none of that had really anything to do with `` what is it with the alt right and the eu ? '' . 
  nor does any of that laundry list have much or indeed anything to do with the eu itself . 
  not yet , or at least not that i 've heard about . 
  there was talk of him visiting the uk , which was pushed back to summer , when parliament is not in session . 
  that at the time would have been the first visit to a european country . 
  for that matter , though , has trump been out of the us at all since november ? 
  i personally think it 's because the eu is an instance of several countries with different cultures , needs , etc cooperating and mutually benefiting . 
  that is anathema to the alt right , who see all of international politics as a zero sum game of dealing from strength and screwing over those guys before they screw you over . 
  weasel words , those . 
  sure , immigration to any given country is not a right , but neither the us constitution nor the eu constitution allow the kind of ethnic and religious discrimination in immigration policy that trump seems to want , and `` the safety of our citizens must come first '' has to be founded on a more substantial concern than `` if we let people from this region in one of them might maybe commit a terrorist attack . '', 
  do n't react to the provocations . 
  erdogan is performing mostly for a domestic audience . 
  just do n't invite any turkish ministers . 
  the best way to win this game is to refuse to play . 
  banning muslims was a stupid and bigoted idea that would n't work in the us . 
  why would we want to replicate something like that ? 
  do n't go to cafes with servers wearing heardscarves then . 
  the problem is yours . 
  yeah , and i 'm sure the issue was forced by just how angry europeans are about turbans and yarmulkes . 
  prove that . 
  so how are you going to prove they 're brainwashed ? 
  do you have a mind reader machine there , or is it just because you say they are ?
