   what you 're thinking of - everyone keeping their culture , likely language , and doing their own thing in their own neighborhoods , is n't assimilation but pure multiculturism . 
  fucking works for me . 
  the `` assimilation '' you describe sounds downright totalitarian . 
  wear this , eat this , drink this , speak this language with this accent at all times , practice this religion ... 
  with priests , probably not . 
  with my catholic neighbours , sure , why not ? 
  some of the former inmates of the laundries have actually said that the movie portrays the nuns in too positive a light , and the reality was even worse . 
   and before the `` progressives '' come at me ... just remember acording to the world health organization being transgender is still a mental illness . 
  ... and ? 
  is this meant to make me agree with the idiotic bus campaign ? 
  as far as i 'm aware , the only country in the world that conscripts women is israel , and even there their required period of service is shorter than men 's . 
  it 's a shame because \u30b9\u30aa\u30df would be so easy to say in japanese . 
   natacha bouchart says handing out of meals poses security threat , as city tries to stop establishment of new refugee camp and of course she does n't say how . 
  we 're after greece !, 
  please be quick , lads . 
  well , she was n't , so that all worked out nicely . 
  this , i would think :  writing to european commission president jean-claude juncker and european council president donald tusk , they say mr malloch 's statements about breaking up the eu `` reveal outrageous malevolence regarding the values that define this european union and , if pronounced by an official representative of the united states , they would have the potential to undermine seriously the transatlantic relationship that has , for the past 70 years , essentially contributed to peace , stability and prosperity on our continent . '' it seems pretty silly to accept someone as an ambassador who wants to destroy your union . 
  i would think that the us would reject an ambassador who advocated for the breakup of the united states , for example . 
  alright , first of all , obama 's order limited the issuing of new visas ; it did n't restrict people who were already legally in the country , and it certainly did n't blatantly discriminate on religious grounds . 
  secondly , you have no idea what i thought about obama . 
  thirdly , hillary is not running any more . 
  she 's out , and eventually you need to stop bringing her up to deflect from trump 's awfulness . 
  same for obama for that matter . 
  trump is president now ; he 's the one that matters . 
  if you fell in love with trump , the things he advocated and the way he behaved on the campaign trail , because someone called you a racist or tweeted blacklivesmatter , you might want to reevaluate who the snowflake is . 
  i 'm not your mummy . 
  i 'm not responsible for how you choose to vote . 
  trump is now in office and it 's exactly as bad as we thought it would be . 
  he 's already harming people and jeopardising world peace . 
  the things he does are affecting us internationally . 
  we are way past peaceful protests now . 
  taking a drink for `` this is why trump got elected '' . 
  those people elected trump because they embraced his world view ; do n't lay it at my feet . 
  if welcoming the groper in chief with polite flag waving and golf claps is the adult way , i 'm happy to be a bit childish . 
  he needs to understand that he is * not welcome * . 
  then we can be the first to cover his motorcade with excrement and greet him with some good old rioting . 
  personally , i think she was against brexit before the vote purely because she thought remain would win . 
  once brexit happened , she switched over to the winning side , and now she 's working hard to convince everyone that she buys into the new political religion . 
  she 's after power and authority , pure and simple . 
  that 's too much like work . 
  he might have to turn up . 
  being a `` contributor '' , where he can turn up to shock jock for an hour or two once every two weeks and get paid tens of thousands of dollars for it , is much more similar to his job as an mep . 
  buddhism and daoism do n't really have anything against homosexuality . 
  confucianism was only against it in that it distracted people from their duty to sire the next generation , but was otherwise tolerant of it as a premarital phase . 
  ... he quotes , probably from mainstream tabloids in europe that do almost nothing * but * portray migrants and islam in a negative light . 
  - queen elizabeth has returned to her duties having recovered from the flu . 
  this puts an end to the speculation that she was the final casualty of 2016 , and to the conspiracy theory that she was secretly dead and there was a media lockdown . 
  - our eu ambassador , sir ivan rogers , has resigned , citing muddled thinking and confused directives from ministers . 
  certain cabinet ministers have claimed that he was `` half-hearted '' about brexit . 
  he has been been replaced by sir tim barrow , the former british ambassador to moscow . 
  - the environment secretary , andrew leadsom , has stated that the government will ensure the uk agricultural sector will still have access to eu migrant labour after brexit , though details are not clear . 
  no such clarifications about the nhs , which is even more dependent on migrant labour . 
  - nigel farage has been given a chat show on lbc radio . 
  it 'll be funny to see how the rows between him and james o'brien intensify with them technically being colleagues . 
  right , so in what way do you think you 're going to find yourself accidentally transgressing this law ? 
  it 's more like `` do n't cross this very clearly defined boundary and you have nothing to fear '' . 
  most people go their whole online lives without going anywhere near revenge porn sites , and without stalking a person across their online existence . 
  i do n't have much sympathy for those who do . 
  easy way to adapt to this , do n't share or look at revenge porn and do n't cyberstalk . 
  i 'm sure you can manage . 
  yeah , it 's a standard bullshitting tactic . 
  `` many people '' in the uk would pay thousands of pounds out of their own pocket to build a rocket and fire nigel farage into the sun . 
  i agree ; ` racist ' will do just fine . 
  i do n't think the guy with the gashed head will have any change of heart from the experience . 
  i do n't think a confrontation with peaceful protesters would have made a difference either . 
  we 're talking about people fully immersed in racism . 
  their whole ideology is based on violence . 
  their march is to show that they own the moment following the success of trump in the us . 
  resisting them is about showing that they do n't , and in the language that they understand . 
  so what , just let them stomp around and do n't protest against them ? 
  you ca n't make nice with fascists . 
  brexit continues in the same tone as ever . 
  i 'm deeply sorry for my countrymen , lads . 
  we think they 're a shower of cunts too . 
  yeah , i have a certain amount of prejudice against white supremacists who spend their time terrorising ethnic minorities . 
  i ca n't say i feel bad about it , but thanks for making me laugh . 
  still no . 
  i 'm happy restricting this to neo-nazis . 
   the nordisk ungdom ( nordic youth ) , group said on their website on wednesday morning they had been behind the attack . 
  this seems to confirm eyewitness reports that the attackers had worn the group 's clothing an insignia . 
  just arrest anyone affiliated with that group on suspicion , as far as i 'm concerned . 
  give them all a night in a cell and a beating , sort out which of them did it later . 
  this is a very interesting read , thank you . 
  i was sceptical as to whether a prison could ever be made to feel like a welcoming place , but judging by the pictures , not bad . 
  and it 's heartening to see that it appears well run and good for the residents . 
  i hope they can live well there . 
  i am surprised that nl has prisons to spare , though . 
  ours in the uk are full over capacity . 
  i counted 12 . 
  many of which were individual stabbings or other assaults , which again japan sees a lot of as well . 
  i mean , i find it kind of crass to be measuring horrific crimes like it 's some kind of contest , but back to the original point , vigilance against terrorism and violent crime is part and parcel of living in tokyo too . 
  58 what ? 
  terrorist attacks ? 
  where are you getting that figure from ? 
  tokyo , which had a bomb at the airport in 1985 , the subway sarin attack in 1995 , and a mass stabbing in akihabara in 2008 , among other criminal activities . 
  you people need to stop thinking of japan as some kind of harmonious monoethnic utopia . 
  i would just like to point out that sonnet 18 starts with '' ** shall ** i compare thee to a summer 's day ? '', 
  ... because it is irrelevant . 
  unless 20 icelandic women fear being infected by a twelve year old girl . 
  when i was doing tefl in china i came across some students who were into nazi imagery , and i found that many of my colleagues also had the same .
