i think it will be like quebec , they say they want to leave but they wo n't even if leaving the uk would n't be such a bad idea, 
  they do n't want to stay with you , let them go and stop looking for stupids reasons to make them stay . 
  also some italian in piedmont want to join us , if we can have their pizzas and hot chicks then why not !, 
  i 'm franco-swiss and we find our identity in neutrality , chocolate , cheese , watches and bank accounts , a lot of bank accounts !, 
  i 'm francophone and germanophone but i realize that the italian speakers ( a minority nowadays ) are less and less powerfull but truly , i do n't give a shit about them . 
  then you wo n't be missed !, 
  i ca n't see another country ( except the us ) as active as france in the war on terror , the french are deployed in the entire sahel region and in iraq , i ca n't think of any other country being so active considering the uk is barely providing any help with airstrikes in iraq, 
  well at this range , the f-22 and the rafale are at the same level, 
  well both are very linked , if a fighter takes down an ennemy one , then it has air superiority . 
  and from i 've heard , the rafale is better than the f-22 in air superiority . 
  clearly the rafales are way better , it 's the dream of every pilot to pilot one and it 's even better than the f-22 , it 's the best fighter ever , also one of the most expensive but it 's worth the price https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koswfrc7xtg, 
  well to work it 's a different business yet not impossible , try to communicate as much as possible in french , go say hi on r/france and i garanty you you 'll speak almost native french in a few years , you can also ask me if you have any problem with translations etc. . . by the way you can also read books in french , it 's very good and also watch films , a lot are meh but some are worth a seen . 
  french and brits mixed !, 
  is that even legal ? 
  well it 's always great to hear that some people learn my language !, 
  do n't stop and do n't trust the clich\u00e9s , you do n't need to speak a perfect french in france to be understood , every french likes to hear someone speaking in it 's language . 
  oh ok , i 've heard that it had some common words with french but not that many !, 
  that 's impressive !, 
  and what 's your language ? 
  well spanish can be tricky to learn if you do n't speak a latin ( or a language close to latin-languages ) . 
  the grammer , a very easy one , no need to be a genius to learn it whereas french and german are both very very hard to learn ( 5 years of german in school and i can only say `` guten tag '' and `` who ist der u-ban ? '' ), 
  i 've seen your debate and agree with you on most of your points except this one , the usa changed the face of the world way more the british or the french empires did . 
  well thinking about it , considering the usa is kinda like the child of france and britain , i somewhat agree with you . 
  napoleon 's * you made the mistake twice , a very good way to get on the nerves of a french . 
  and also because it 's very easy to learn , not like french or german . 
  you know that 's the guardian ... 
  well we 've done that for most of our history like the rest of our europeans brothers so why stop now ? 
  http://www.lefigaro.fr/conjoncture/2016/10/06/20002-20161006artfig00002-la-france-redevient-la-cinquieme-economie-mondiale-grace-au-brexit.php there you go , from le figaro , probably one of the most reliable sources . 
  6th largest economy actually ... 
  france ? 
  i need sources for that op !, 
  not that i do n't believe you but i 'd love to hear about this !, 
  french is the most widespread second language in the eu , not german . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btlxzf5qszi i just wanted to say that his french was pretty good !, 
  til !, 
  well it is a somewhat official language for three monarchies , the british one , the belgian one and the dutch one ( although it is not much used in the netherland anymore it is pretty important for gb as the speaker of parliament speaks in french ), 
  historically the influence of the german language can not be compared with the influence of the french one over europe and the world , it was the langua franca of diplomacy in the entire world up until wwii and most european courts spoke french . 
  it was the language of elites from the end of xviith century up until wwii , german on the other hand was despised by the prussian or austrian monarchies and was only used in the hre whereas french dominated europe . 
  impressive ... 
  most impressive !, 
  yeah that 's why i 'm traumatised !, 
  2006 traumatised me way more than 1982 it was zidane 's last game and he clearly was at his peak . 
  but then again i was n't born in 1982 so ... * damn trezeguet post still gives me nightmares *, 
  the only difference is that we do n't care enough about you to take a piss about your disdain . 
  nah you 'd look better without the rhineland . 
  do n't you know erdogan is the son of a totally non-gay union of napoleon and bismarck , making him the ultimate european conqueror ? 
  hey give georgia its land back too !, 
  that feeling in mp when you 're being attacked and your armies are gone but you have 20k in the bank ... 
  and our exocet 2.0 baguette edition , powered with red wine and twice better at sinking british ships ... 
  wait ... 
  it 's not the british we are fighting this time ? 
  no need of the us we can do it on our own without problem . 
  have you guys infiltrated our armies to know so well how our chain of command works ? 
  how could anyone forget about khachapuri ? 
  why should i get over it when what you say is wrong ? 
  french is spoken by maybe 100 million people in europe , even more !, 
  in the world french high schools are those with the longest waiting list just look at the lyc\u00e9e charles de gaulle in london !, 
  if people did n't want to learn french do you think our schools would have so much success and that more and more asian would take french classes ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  as a second language . 
  puedo hablar espa\u00f1ol tambien  what i was trying is that indeed spanish is a widely spread language yet the countries that speak it outside of spain hardly matter on the international stage . 
  you could say the same on an economic point of vue , french companies are very well implanted throughout the world , more so than spanish or mexican companies . 
  the influence of a nation depends greatly on its economy and so its language will be more relevant if its economy is more important . 
  speaking spanish in europe is quite useless while speaking french is very important . 
  yet the most educated russian businessman speak french . 
  france is the only country in the world with the u.k. on which the sun actually never sets . 
  know can you tell me why french companies are not very influential throughout the world ? 
  i can give a pretty long yet non-exhaustive list of french companies implanted in many countries . 
  also popular because it 's an official language in the un and in the eu . 
  do n't give me wrong spanish is an important language yet the elite of most western countries and even russia speak french . 
  in term of business french is way more useful as france 's economy is greatly superior to spain 's and is spread worldwide with big companies implanted throughout the world and the french overseas territories . 
  the most developed countries of africa are french speaker . 
  and more taught throughout the world than spanish . 
  french will become the most spoken native la gauge in 2050 because of the african demographic growth . 
  yeah except more than half of africa , maghrebi , canada , sone parts of the middle east , of india ... 
  the list is pretty long . 
  * checks the name of the dynasty in power in spain * yeah ... you won ... sure ... 
  well at that time you had the french and the british establishing big colonial empires in both the americas and the indies yet they managed them fairly well , the french had strong commercial ties with the natives and great relations with them on each continent while the british decided to create inhabited colonies rather than just built forts for economic purposes . 
  yet their 1 st colonial empires ended much later than the spanish one in the middle of the xviiith century . 
  well our empires mattered on the long run . 
  yours collapsed on themselves while it took the entire world to bring us down ... 
  increased coring cost because of berber traditions, 
  * laughs in french and english *, 
  i guess that served a lesson right ? 
  do n't attack our bakeries or war !!, 
  we did for centuries but some guys decided they had enough of our cooking lessons and fought us for 100 years and decided to sabotage all our effort at civilizing the france beyond the channel . 
  and thus england was born . 
  edit : i 'm kind of throwing flowers at myself but i really think this version of the 100 years war should be taught in schools . 
  well i 'm no expert either i just have some friends that came to france during the civil war and some family members worked there in the past that 's just what i heard from them !, 
  soon my friend soon . 
  erdogan is slowly giving us a casus belli to reclaim the empire ... 
  i 'd have to argue about lebanon since it has a christian majority and was heavily ( still is ) by france either before ( crusades ) or during the french mandate in the region . 
  lots of lebanese will tell you they are phoenicians not arabs ( they are none of these groups actually they are a mix of a lot of peoples ) . 
  their culture is therefore more european than any other in the region , even more than the turkish one . 
  of course but still way cleaner than coal . 
  it 's only a matter of time before we found a way to treat these wastes correctly and since france is the leading country in both fusion reactor research and the treatment of radioactive waste i 'm pretty confident nuclear energy will soon become a green source of energy . 
  not the really the fate of the battle was uncertain until the prussian arrived . 
  to defeat germany ? 
  last time we did it after russia quitted and 80 % by ourselves and they had an army back then !, 
  we are french what did you expect ...
