  `` unitary state '' means that no region is able to veto national policy , and the questionis whether a region would be able to veto national policy . 
  if scotland could veto national policy , that would be just as legally and morally defensible , and it would just mean that the uk is n't unitary . 
  the fact that this was n't clear to the prime and first ministers of both governments means it could not have been clear to you either , unless you are a greater expert on uk law than the government is able to hire . 
  citizens of the democratic nations they are requesting aid and refuge from . 
  exactly the people who have to be skeptical in this situation , lest they be overrun by opportunists . 
  they may believe in divine right . 
  if god did n't want them to treat people like shit , why would he make it feel so good ? 
  there 's also plenty of precedent for ( allegedly ) pious people treating plebs like dirt , so it 's not like it 's haram . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you uppity plebs for daring to criticise the way they live their lives ? 
  if the tsar gets legitimacy from being the successor to the previous one . 
  see how gaius julius caesar was figuratively and literally deified by augustus octavianus caesar . 
  that is precisely the subject of religious contention that shaped the divide between eastern and central europe . 
  in catholicism , the three elements of the trinity are all , individually and together , the one true god . 
  and people can believe some crazy shit . 
  the athenians voted to send their entire army off to try and conquer italy in an attempt to stop losing a war with the spartans and most other mainland greeks . 
  do you have a source for it being more than one ? 
  it should easier to prove that it is the case than that it is n't . 
  actually it solves many of the economic problems associated with a shrinking population : abandoning infrastructure , monetary deflation , economic shrinkage , less international relevance , greying population , etc. 
  see japan for a practical example of the economic malaise that refusing immigration while having low fertility rate brings . 
  this does n't prove that immigration is better than trying to increase the birth rate , but the argument you used in support of that notion is stupid . 
  for the sake of your political beliefs , please try to make sure that what you say makes sense , otherwise you and your cause look stupid . 
   the most important center for now . 
  not much of a point in staying in britain if it 's just the world 's fifth ( ? ), 
  largest economy , rather than a member of the largest economic union . 
  painfully slow negotiations are bureaucracies ' bread and butter , though . 
  the ministries wo n't mind the increase in funds and manpower necessary to work out the new arrangements . 
  then why something as boring as having to eat fewer calories ? 
  why not transplant people 's brains into dinosaurs , make people immortal , make childbirth for women as painless as it is for cows by engineering an exit tube through the navel , or make it so a woman has to take a drug in order to go through a uteral cycle , rather than having to take a drug in order to not bleed from their crotch every month ? 
  why not reprogram taste buds so our most delicious foods are no longer the primary cause of death in the western world , nor require the suffering of animals ? 
  why not bump people 's intelligence up a little , even if it 's just 15 iq points , increasing the number of geniuses a hundredfold and decreasing the number of mental retards who are forced to live off the charity of others by a similar amount . 
  why not make it so the body is automatically fit , and does n't need to be exercised such an extraorbitant amount of time to be capable of awesome feats like running the marathon ? 
  all of these would be easier than making humans capable of photosynthesis , and imo way more pleasant , awesome and practical . 
  the best way to prevent there being cultures that are tolerant of terrorism is to prevent there being cultures that are tolerant of terrorism . 
  limiting immigration to the provably sane is far more effective than any amount of propaganda and displays of kindness . 
  back in 2008 [ creationists ] ( https://web.archive.org/web/20160615031345/http://www.creatie.info/ ) ( dutch ) managed to distribute close to 7 million anti-evolution folders in the netherlands . 
  you do n't need to agree with the official party opinion , let alone the actual results of the party being in charge , in order to support it - see many voters for the extreme right . 
  all you need to do is take action to support them - promote segregation , or self-governance of minorities over national law , or vote for parties that do , donate to organisations ( like mosques ) which fund to such initiatives or foster backwards cultural elements , not criticising statements allied to a certain political block as much as similarly wrong statements in other areas in a similar environment , etc. 
  few communist revolutionaries in the 1910s would have supported stalin 's devestating agricultural policies directly , but that does n't diminish the fact that their efforts lead to stalin 's regime , and that people who did n't want ten million people to die from famine should therefore have opposed their coup . 
  so no , for the matter of avoiding religious conflict in europe , it does n't matter if they 're strict followers of islam . 
  just which side they would pick in the conflict . 
  and for that , the poll 's question is a better indicator than yours . 
  peaceful demonstrations are n't democratic either . 
  neither are challenging laws in constitutional court , labor strikes , boycotts , civil disobedience , military enforcement of freedom and democracy ( occupation of axis states by allied forces ; should other democracies have considered the bundesrepublik deutschland illegitimate ? 
  ) , etc. 
  at the very least , consider realpolitik . 
  will ignoring people who do n't play by your rules make them go away ? 
  or will it breed sympathy in the undecided , or even encourage more violent actions to force you to pay attention ? 
  see the above-mentioned examples for hints on how that tends to go . 
  but beyond realpolitik , is it even right in the first place ? 
  even if it would successfully suppress the issue , would it be right to deny women the right to vote when ( male ) democracy denies them , and they take to the streets in protest ? 
  would it be right to keep interracial marriage illegal , because of the black panthers ? 
  would it be wrong to bring democracy to nazi germany , because of the white rose ? 
  democracy is a means to doing what is right , not an end . 
  do n't let offensiveness keep you from doing the right thing . 
  so yes to both ? 
  that ` stupid niche ' is plenty big to get a majority in many different countries . 
  despise them all you want , but dismissing them as irrelevant will bite you in the ass . 
  the nazi scientific consensus was not the same as the democratic one . 
  the aryan and jewish races were believed to be more separate from their larger racial categories ( caucasian , semitic ) in nazi ideology , and the influence of the genetic differences supposedly present between those races were believed to be more significant . 
  * that * is racism , not referring to a commonly known practice which exists to bypass immigration limits , especially from unpleasant countries . 
  esperanto has all the downsides of latin , except it also lacks any charisma , historicity , or civic pride . 
  why would it be a good idea to have the leader of the military be elected ? 
  at best you get a politician who panders to western europe ( the civil majority ) and happens to be kind of competent . 
  if your property was seized by the government unless your family can produce a valid will that stipulates otherwise , i would be pretty upset . 
  probably more upset than over a mere corpse , because you can actually ruin lives that way . 
  but no , corpses are n't legal property , at least not in the netherlands . 
  there are all sorts of limits on how they can be treated , mostly based around christian ideas of sanctity , and in general you 're not supposed to do anything with the corpse that its late resident would not have approved of . 
  the fear would be if someone 's opt out gets lost in the mail , but the family knows he wanted to opt out , and the family is forced to stand by helplessly as the government desecrates his corpse ( in their belief ) . 
  my mom has deliberately chosen not to choose either , because she 's worried that doctors may work less hard to save her if they know they 'll be able to use the organs to save others . 
  she has instructed her next of kin to donate her organs unless her death was due to medical errors . 
   stairs are just big mountains . 
  ftfy, 
  mcdonalds would probably be a `` fatty group '' if going by calories . 
  molecular mass is a toss-up between water and fat , afaik . 
  it 's just tragedy of the commons , a trap no individual can avoid , no matter how clever . 
  it needs to be enforced across the entire people , preferably with the permission of the people . 
  whether it 's cracking down on littering , or carbon emissions , or corporations avoiding tax , whatever , it needs an unavoidable authority , which these days equals government . 
  once the system is in place , it may be possible to lighten up on rules and have social pressures take care of defectors ( litterers , polluters , tax avoiders , draft dodgers , etc. 
  ) , but for now trying to exert that sort of pressure directly is nearly completely ineffectual . 
  since your government has been rather incompetent most of the time it has existed as an independent entity , it 's not surprising that your country is lacking in certain civics that more stable nations have had the opportunity to develop . 
  routing , forcing retreat , and confiscation of lands and property . 
  that would still require a lot : the eu should still have the authority to draft national militaries to their cause if necessary , perhaps even recall them in preparation to a possible threat . 
  otherwise we either need almost two full-priced militaries , or the eu may be left underdefended when national militaries are overseas doing their own thing . 
  and if this is to be a replacement to us protection , then there would also have to be an eu draft which requires no further ratification and supercedes national drafts . 
  if a draft requires ratification , then a decapitation of the government would leave an army with no legal justification for drafting the citizenry , and it is hard to make plans in advance . 
  if the draft does n't supercede national drafts , each country may draft its own people to defend national objectives , creating a greater risk of border states being less defended , and leaving the actual military fractionalised and poorly adjusted to many different unit types . 
  i highly doubt a majority of eu people would approve of being legally draftable by the eu superstate without a vote or a chance for their nation to object . 
  so a replacement for the us , it probably wo n't be . 
  and how that ` brainwashing ' coincided with a resurgence of turkish power and economy . 
  it 's almost as if secular democracy is actually better than religious dictatorship . 
  it seems about right in how it compares to other capitals , based on my experience . 
  the absolute number can depend a lot on how the question is asked . 
  70 years is n't a particularly long time for a partial peace , especially considering half of europe was regularly fighting soviet occupation . 
  also the rapidly changing borders meant much less in feudal government than it would now . 
  most of the government does n't have to change , only the guy at the top you 're supposed to pay homage to . 
  do n't get me wrong , there were plenty of bloody wars over more than just national borders , like the 30 years ' war , but most of these wars were a lot less terrible than the ones fought in the past two centuries . 
  the average citizen may actually have a higher chance of dying from war within the next decade now , than in any time before the napoleontic wars . 
  nukes are pretty damn volatile , and total war is something states only recently have become able to organise . 
  since it will help protect the british , we would have some moral justification for leveraging them into financially supporting frontex even if they leave . 
  have you heard of nato ?
