  the question is whether they 're treating the independentists fairly in general and in this case in particular , and whether it is wise for them to enforce this ban . 
  i 'm leaning towards no in each of those cases . 
  the referendum was denied , the fact that scottish flags are an option implies that only certain political statements were banned , and this is very easy to spin into a victory for the independentists . 
  he 's a swede . 
  he 'd probably more offended if you condemn him to marrying a blue-eyed blond-haired girl and raising a family with 3-4 children with her while she is a fulltime housewife . 
  this law is specifically for offences commited against one particular class of people though . 
  a german can call our prime minister mark rutte a dogfucker , but ca n't say queen elizabeth ii enjoys taking horsecock up the arse . 
  that seems implausible . 
  are you sure it 's for every possible solution for draining the markermeer ? 
  even if you do it like flevoland : keep het ij wet , along with a 4 km border around the new polder ? 
  why would dry land across a lake 4 km away affect the water table on this side of the lake , especially if the water table is only a meter below ground level at the best of times ? 
  by that logic lowering taxes makes money disappear , because it 's identical to giving money back to taxpayers , which is infusing money into one 's own economy , which apparently does n't count . 
  the argument is partially true , regardless of whether people forget to use it on certain occasions . 
  germany paying its own citizens to do some job does n't cost the nation as a whole money , it diverts labor to that job , with the results being the difference between what they do and what they otherwise would have done . 
  for example , if there are thousands of unemployed languages students sitting at home gathering welfare ( and not educating their children or gaining marketable skills ) , hiring translators costs the state little . 
  if the construction market collapses , it costs the government little to subsidise construction in the short term until laborers can find new professions . 
  and so forth . 
  if this policy convinces , say , nurses to become social workers instead , resulting in a shortage of nurses , then the policy is costly . 
  but it depends on the specific economic circumstances . 
  on average , the argument is still true statistically . 
  for every euro the government spends on this project , germany can expect to lose only a certain evidence-based fraction of that ( if i 'd have to guess , about 40 cents ) , barring specific evidence to indicate whether the process is more or less lossy than average . 
   i do n't see turkey as an islamic country ? 
  you might want to check your flag . 
  there 's a small hint of your religious alignment there . 
   who did we attack in ww2 ? 
  germany , though apparently you never fought . 
  i do n't buy that russia is that unusual , historically . 
  before them , the germans were the great threat . 
  before them , the french , the english , the ottomans , etc. 
  the odd thing is more how closely the rest of europe has banded together , and how the core of the military alliance is not a european power . 
  those facts combined to create security regardless of european effort , and that in turn explains the lapse , at least in public consciousness . 
  we had to keep a military to stay in nato , not to protect ourselves directly . 
  if europe wants to be an independent political entity or if it wants to protect itself better than the us is willing to , we would indeed have to take security seriously . 
  isolationism seems to be getting more popular in the us , our borders are too porous at the moment , the only nations that are keeping europe from disaster have regularly been called barbaric for the effort , and most europeans ( including myself ) do n't like the idea of being subject to american law , so i agree with your conclusion . 
  y - you have ? 
  on at least three occasions : ww1 , ww2 , and the invasion of cyprus . 
  are you kidding ? 
  we traded limburg for ostfriesland , this is / r/mapporn if i ever saw it . 
   i just wish that after those 25 years of democracy we could learn that winning elections does n't mean you can ignore those that did n't vote for you , but establish a dialogue . 
  if two monkeys fight over a banana , at the end one will have it and the other will appeal to fairness and morality . 
  the far right is under the impression that they have been ostracised , excluded and rejected by the establishment . 
  regardless of how true that narrative is , they would feel no reason to show the left a courtesy they refused to give them when the shoe was on the other foot . 
  they 're used to their opponents being outraged and claiming the violation of deep principles with philosophical or scientific consensus or clever arguments backing them , which means they 've now lost faith in those authorities , including their praise of open dialogue , negotiation and consensus-building . 
  in one word , they are cynical . 
  either appeal to their cynicism and instincts , or prove yourself more trustworthy than everything that has let them down so far , from democracy to public discourse to science to philosophical-moral principles . 
  the entire northwestern european coast from dunkirk to copenhagen is an occasionally interrupted smooth line of slowly rising sand dune coast , which naturally desposited themselves in smooth flowing lines ( see the east coast of florida or texas ) . 
  the interruptions are sounds ( see corpus christi bay ) , generated when a river mouth breaks through the sand dunes and tidal forces expand that break , or salt marshes ( see the louisiana bayou ) , which have been poldered along nearly all the western european coast ( the biesbosch is a nature reserve where this is reverted ) . 
  without human control , the meandering flow of rivers and the location of these sounds , and how often certain areas get flooded with fresh or salt water , can change in a timescale rapid enough to annoy medieval swamp germans . 
  so , especially in the benelux where a relatively large amount of river water goes to a relatively small coastline , the coastline was fixed artificially . 
  river and sea dykes were built to prevent flood water from eroding sand dunes from a sound or from behind , the area behind was drained or the ground just reshaped for easier irrigration so water could drain faster during dry seasons , leaving the land dry enough for cattle to browse from and occasionally crops to grow . 
  the belgian coast happens to be a section where no major sounds existed when farmers banded together to secure the coasts . 
  rain water from that piece of coast line is drained north into the scheldt which exits into the massive sound that is the waters of zeeland , in dutch territory , or into tiny rivers that are only fed by about a dozen kilometers of land from the coast which had n't apparently cut into the dunes deep enough to cause a sound . 
  mali , ethiopia , uganda , rwanda , kenya , egypt , tunesia , morocco , algeria , libya , swaziland and lesotho had pretty well defined borders before the european conquest . 
  one count of murder and one count of culpable homicide ? 
  when three children per family make it to adulthood but the amount of food in the world did n't show an appreciable increase in the past 20 years , 33 % of the adult population must die . 
  no amount of civilisation can prevent that , we can only decide how they die . 
  if you , your loved ones , or your children are starving to death , do you let it happen , or do you fight ? 
  and nearly every society alive today chose war . 
  the inuit sacrificed their elders . 
  the aztecs and carthaginians allegedly engaged in mass sacrifice . 
  the egyptians in some eras worked themselves to death . 
  the greeks , phoenicians , polynesians , and 15th-19th century europeans colonised , bringing superior technology resulting in greater food capacity to new lands , somewhat reducing their footprint . 
  for the past century we have had the luxury that our ability to grow food has risen faster than the global population . 
  we 'll see how noble we are when climate change or continuing exponential growth of third world populations change that . 
  according to wikipedia , the western border of the mediterranean is defined by the line between cape trafalgar and cape spartel , both on the west side of the strait of gibraltar , while gibraltar proper is on the eastern side of the strait . 
  in the netherlands at least , different plots of land have different noise expectations , set by a government cadastre . 
  entertainment districts in general have high noise expectation at all hours , and sports events are just one particular form of entertainment . 
  that said , the law is flawed and patched depending on where it is necessary and politically viable , so in practice it 's probably more efficient and profitable for all citizens to have some ad-hoc rules for such reliable and lucrative events as sports events , rather than try to find a general ruleset which fits all . 
  yeah , it does n't make sense to stop people from adopting because they 're gay , deny them civil marriage . 
  no special laws , people should just get to love and live as they want without government interference ( unless it hurts others or their resources need to be levied/taxed for the common good ) . 
  or rather , `` doing things because they 're the right thing to do , rather than because it nets you something '' nets you a lot - goodwill , trustworthiness , morale , and being the preferable partner when having to choose between two similar partners . 
  that excludes most of europe , though . 
  and for the ones it does n't include , it 's probably not for a lack of trying , and due to geography and political happenstance rather than ideological superiority . 
  the english are very class-sensitive , and the upper and middle class like to keep up appearances . 
  fun fact : did you know that gypsies are actually russian citizens ? 
  the us had slavery after its foundation , so i do n't get where you 're coming from . 
  when their side does something wrong , it 's stupid . 
  when your side does something wrong , it 's ironic . 
  or satire , an honest mistake , being the victim of perverse incentives , etc. 
  they want to be vindicated in their decision . 
  they get a lot of flak for voting leave so it would be nice to be proven right and see their detractors taken down a peg . 
  if that 's petty , a lot of people are guilty of it on all sides . 
  they probably are , it 's just that filter bubbles are more profitable . 
  probably because they keep people coming back to those websites , while dissenting views would apparently make visiting those websites less enjoyable and scare people off . 
  can the london stock exchange even have eu companies listed after brexit ? 
   contrary to popular belief ( of which i admit i 've once fallen victim myself ) the uk has only `` blocked '' a handful of eu laws ; only 2 % of them since 1999 . 
  nearly all laws are boring and uncontroversial . 
  2 % of all laws can mean a lot if those are many of the important ones . 
  at the very least compare it to how many laws other nations ` block ' , though finding a way to break the laws down into several objective categories would be better . 
  everybody needs a home , and your problem with them is n't greater than anyone else 's . 
  either you contribute to a social problem of inequality and bad race relations , or you do your fair share . 
  if you are able to isolate it down to actual curry eaters , maybe you 've got a point ( though if those curry eaters are lower class , the amount of money they get from the government should increase proportionally in order to keep them off the streets and maintain a certain minimal way of life ) . 
  but equating race with a costly diet is racism , in the sense that it pigeonholes people to certain racial average lifestyles and treats many unfairly because of their race . 
  ideally , it should n't be the free choice of corporations to choose morality over profit . 
  that ca n't be sustained for long in modern capitalist economies , where notions like ` expectation of profit ' are legally enshrined . 
  this man failed to get the proper pr protection , but his more savvy competitors may be able to inflict the same unfairness without running afoul of the corporate media . 
  the government should step in with an appropriate policy , like the inability of dutch medical insurance companies to reject applicants for certain reasons . 
  it seems tolerable that certain at-risk demographics require a higher security deposit , to be paid back with interest if you happen to get an indian who does n't like curry or you overestimated the cleaning cost . 
  but not to do with it what you will . 
  there is n't even an international declaration of human rights that an eu country has signed which forbids a government for taking your property for the common good , such as taxes or military use .
