  if it is the nation , then i would say that it is an irrational goal . 
  if it is the citizens , then i would say that it is an irrational means . 
   and agree that these sectors and areas rely on eu funding where science is concerned , it 's worse than that . 
  al significant part of british science funding went to pan-european projects like the lhc , which the eu now has leverage to exclude britain from . 
  billions of pounds worth of timeshares on scientific equipment were basically forfeited and will now have to be renegotiated for . 
  do n't you vote for mps ? 
  what was so important about 08 ? 
  he probably can . 
  half the people familiar with the old regulations have retired , and half the education of those who joined in the past decade has become obsolete . 
  so people with his skillset would probably in relatively high demand . 
  is northern ireland joining the eu as an independent nation a plausible option ? 
  or would they rather stay with england in that case ? 
  i think the law is malleable enough on this point that it 's more of a political decision than a legal one . 
  if the eu wants scotland to stay in without needing to reapply , they can make it so . 
  a majority of the legislature promised in advance to honor the result of the referendum , with 50 % as the threshold . 
  most countries , including the uk , do n't have laws allowing for binding referenda , but they decided to enforce it anyway . 
  i do n't know why , really . 
  i 've heard people say that david cameron , the prime minister ( most powerful position in government ) , said to make it binding to garner popularity within his political party . 
  that puts the eu in a good bargaining position , though , because oil prices will probably go up eventually . 
  it 's also a moral victory against the exiters , so the eu may be willing to go a bit lax on the rules . 
  something about scotland formerly being part of the eu or whatever . 
  actually the scots ' ancestors might have paid more than yours . 
  the scots have more pictish bloods and the english more germanic . 
  the picts were for a large part conquered , looted , and taxed , while the germanic peoples came in after the roman empire collapsed . 
  you 're living in a world where [ you can save a child 's life for 3000 euros ] ( http://www.givewell.org/international/top-charities/amf#costperlifesaved ) . 
  you ca n't refuse to play , you can only forfeit dozens of lives . 
  good luck . 
  the english like their royalty . 
  maybe in a generation or two opinions and demographics will be different , but the queen wo n't be the last liege of england , i can assure you . 
  the only times the education of the average voter has decreased were when suffrage was expanded . 
  the voting public in 1936 was far less aware of the issues than the public of 2016 ( though the voters of 1886 were probably more educated than either ) . 
  what we 're seeing is [ the dunning-kruger effect ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dunning%e2%80%93kruger_effect ) : people knowing enough to effectively defend their own position , but not enough to find the truth . 
  before they just followed the party that made the most moral sense , knowing they did n't know enough about the specifics of governance to be able to judge on particular topics in most cases . 
  there used to be nuance until those damn right-wingers ( vvd , lpf , pvv ) came with their americanised politics . 
  prudence is the fully general argument of the conservative . 
  should we have been prudent with women 's suffrage - first trying it out in a few countries and then waiting a couple of decades to see how they fare ? 
  these people are already convinced that they are right . 
  they expect it to pan out positively in the long term ( though not necessarily the short ; that would be like looking at a shift in the political landscape after women 's suffrage was adopted and claiming it means women cause political chaos ) . 
  and you ca n't deny that your call for prudence is a stall tactic to cause them to lose momentum . 
  if we expected the pro-eu camp to have momentum , there would be people calling to just get it over with so we do n't have to be in doubt . 
  the value of waiting is seeing the results on the short term . 
  but i do n't think core euroskepticism would disagree that national economy would suffer in the short term while it untangles itself from the eu . 
  so all waiting would do is allow useful idiots ^ 1 to stop being as useful . 
  [ 1 ] people who follow the cause for the wrong reasons, 
  that 's either a no true scotsman , or extreme naivet\u00e9 considering / r/europe is a default sub for europeans . 
  it depends on the long-term fate of the eu . 
  if he expects the eu to stagnate or regress , because of bureaucracy , population replacement , rivalry with russia , etc. , then it could be sensible to take a more globalist approach . 
  they like to classify themselves by language family in this case because it makes them feel superior . 
  the roman world has higher status than the slavic world . 
  if brexit causes economic growth in britain , our economic models are so wrong that letting the rest leave is probably a good idea too because fuck if anyone knows what they 're doing . 
  the working class does n't have to be trashy . 
  that 's one of the main ideals of calvinism , which contributed significantly to northwestern european culture . 
  well , he would have more of an opportunity of knowing . 
  the united european empire sounds awesome . 
  i 'm sorry , but that just is n't true . 
   last time i checked i still need to be convicted for a terrorist act before i can be sentenced . 
  in the us you can get put away without a trial . 
  belgium has a rendition agreement with the us . 
  you can be subjected to american justice , if they want you to be . 
   at least my human rights will not be violated in europe . 
  in the us torture is practised ( albeit in guantanamo ) and your population is n't too concerned about that . 
  the cia has torture prisons in poland , romania and lithuania . 
  just about every spy organisation in the west has wiretaps on your internet . 
  you may be arrested for certain things you say online or in public . 
   at least police still need a warrant to search my home and tap my phone/internet . 
  in the us police can perform both of these without the word of a court if you are suspected of terrorism . 
  see above . 
  the nsa knows what you post , and may choose to tip off local law enforcement who can then nab you through parallel construction , same as in the us . 
   at least my country does n't fight proxy wars in the middle-east you pay into nato . 
  you may not be sending men , but you 're sending weapons and money . 
  the far-fetchedness is the eu asking russia to invade , when russia already has access to plenty of oil to sell to the eu , and the usa also does n't have any reason not to . 
  it would be like making a series with the premise that great britain and the nazis joined forces in order to partition russia/eastern europe . 
  it 's not far-fetched because the british would n't be that realpolitikal , it 's far-fetched because the british barely had the strength to fight another total war . 
  like the soviets ' secret police , their existence is n't so much a secret as their operations are . 
  they 're designed to instill fear by just making people disappear with no paper trail or chance for appeal . 
  having people be unaware of them defeats their purpose . 
  is n't it great to be part of the good guys ? 
  this happens every bloody time some kind of act of terror happens . 
  people try their best to distance their own political allies from it and blame it on others . 
  would you be equally ready to accept that islam was n't to blame for someone yelling `` allahu ackbar ! '', 
  before murdering people , as you 're apparently ready to accept that brexit-proponents are n't to blame for someone yelling `` britain first ! '', 
  before murdering someone ? 
  even if it turned out they had a mental illness ? 
  there are mentally insane people everywhere . 
  the murderer seemed to be able to find a social/political group and public rhetoric that encouraged his violent tendencies , or at least could be twisted by him into a justification of violent tendencies with relative ease , which would not have been as easy if brexit-proponents were more measured in their rhetoric and more self-policing as political groups . 
  many in the netherlands still blame the political left for the murder of pim fortuyn , with similarly inflammatory rhetoric justifying the murderer 's actions in his eyes . 
  so obviously we should sow all politicians ' mouths shut . 
  i disagree : i share the opinion that brexit would probably be a bad thing for the uk , but his strawmanning is cringeworthy as all hell . 
  if you believe you know better than the betting market , you must believe that you can make a profit from the betting market by betting on the right team . 
  either you hate getting free money , or you do n't actually believe you know better . 
  and i know which of those two i would bet on . 
   switzerland does n't have a big powerful neighbour with expansive ambitions . 
  this used to be quite wrong , but switzerland managed to remain independent because it 's costly to take and provides relatively little strategic value to have , on account of being landlocked and surrounded by mountains on most sides . 
  to be fair , that 's mostly because people who speak french are french ( wo ) men , while people who speak english are english or american . 
  if that 's true , why are n't you buying stocks whenever they go down , because they 'll just go up again ? 
  if the captain of a ship complains that his crew does n't trust him and he would fix it if they just listened , which is more likely ? 
  does he have an unusually rowdy crew , or is he an unusually poor captain ? 
  sure , their criticisms may be shit , but that observation does n't exactly make the ship sail any better . 
  the british government may not be a particularly skilled lieutenant on the eu 's ship , but they were a decent captain in their own right . 
  so it makes sense some people would be inclined to abandon ship and put the british government in charge of their lifeboat , because that gives better chances than staying on board the eu as it takes on water and the top brass shows incompetence in adressing the situation .
