  your political position has been subsumed by the us/nato and your economic position by the eu and globalized trade . 
  you have no leverage anymore . 
  britain is an independent nation and it ca n't establish a good negotiating strategy for brexit . 
  why would scotland fare any better at suddenly becoming a country that has to negotiate the separation of a wholly integrated infrastructure with england and simultaneously accession to the eu ? 
  gmo foods have to pass the same health tests as everything else , and they are created in much more controlled settings than natural breeding . 
  the eu stands to benefit from a control group . 
  brexit will show how well european nations can expect to hold up without eu protectionism , putting our theories to the test . 
  a test i 'm pretty sure will turn out in favour of the eu , silencing more doubts and getting the rest of europe more eager to support stronger eu cooperation , but if i 'm wrong that would be sufficient evidence for me to stop being an ` euphile ' . 
  i suppose you could describe an ` euphile ' to mean someone who is so confident of eu success that the experimental benefits to brexit are negligible - people who believe there is so much evidence in favour of a strong eu that opponents must be ignorant and/or stupid rather than possibly being reasonably skeptical given a different starting outlook ( class , nationality , age ( life experience ) , etc. ), 
  and/or different preferred initial sources ( colleagues , newspapers , etc. ), 
  - but in that case i would expect you to be surprised at how quickly some alleged ` euphiles ' , like the op , would jump ship if the winds of evidence and public opinion shift . 
  unless you 're informed of a narrative for that ; i would go with cowardice in the face of public opinion . 
  so what i 'm trying to say is : do n't associate loudness with confidence so much . 
  op is mad at britain not because he is stupidly confident of the eu , but because he is just stupid . 
  probably . 
  the lowest bidder among african countries . 
  we have no shortage of options , and plenty of budget that would otherwise have to be spent on their integration . 
  is there any realistic scenario in which the european military would face a comparable enemy in the field ? 
  if one or several nations are against us , the threat of ( mutual ) nuclear annihilation should be enough to deter them . 
  if it 's not a nation , they should n't have the budget to field an army of comparable scale . 
  maybe a mob , but we 've known how to neutralise them since the 19th century . 
  antibiotics in livestock farming are also a major issue , and i do n't know if the netherlands is doing well in that regard , especially when it comes to import standards . 
  factory farmers often give their livestock a constant supply of antibiotics in lieu of taking care of hygiene quite as well , which also breeds resistant strains that can infect humans . 
  you stand alone when it comes to international affairs , like trade or diplomacy . 
  unless your country is able to produce globally competitive products in enough markets to employ a large segment of your workforce , that means unemployment and low standards of living for most of the population . 
  see russia , or any banana republic . 
  you create hard borders between people , and that always damages relations on the individual level . 
  by separating nations , you reduce economic and social costs to worsening relations , increasing the likelihood of war , non-cooperation in global affairs like climate change , etc. 
  poland was early because the ussr forced them to , not because of any democratic reason . 
  it seems to fit cultural liberalism in europe quite well , though they have a wide spread of economic opinions , from anarcho-communism to libertarianism , though mostly green/social-liberalism to neo-liberalism . 
  see also the people that called opposition to unlimited illegal immigration racists and islamophobes . 
  they 're usually quite aligned with the bureaucratic establishment of the government , which can produce some major biases on occasion , like how they treat brexit or trump or other uncivilised misbehaviour of the lower classes . 
  they 're definitely above the average for major ( let alone minor ) news media when it comes to transparency in their biases and attempts to be neutral , though . 
  why would you want the sicilians but not the danes ? 
  i do n't get the logic in determining where the borders go , if there is any . 
  effort is made to put the flemish with the hollanders , but gelderland is split up , with the eastern netherlands forming a language minority in a ` sealand ' with no ocean access . 
  greece gets parts of italy that has n't spoken their language for 500 years , but not lower macedon or neapolis . 
  meanwhile `` rh\u00f4ne-piedmont '' does n't get any cities at the mouth of the rh\u00f4ne . 
  also , there is a celtic union , but edinburgh is n't in it , while nantes is . 
  4/10 at least the numbers are decent . 
  that would still create perverse incentives for the wealthier refugees to risk their lives to go an seek out al life of relative luxury in europe , causing a brain drain in the nation in question , straining european aid budgets in inefficient ways ( much cheaper to pay for cost of living in lebanon than in germany ) , and causing hundreds of migrant casualties . 
  it would shrink the migrant crisis by 70 % , but the other half a million people would still be a problem . 
  instead , fund refugee camps in the region like we promised , and get the australian solution for people who try to immigrate illegally anyway . 
  ensure that legal avenues for immigration are accessible for anyone who can be productive in europ ( accounting for plausible future integration problems ) , if those are n't already up to par , improve the scope of development aid , and/or take global economic measures to improve the self-sufficiency and stability of the third world , for example putting a tax on food exports out of europe . 
  alternatively , and more likely in my opinion , gadaffi lost a bidding war . 
   seems like a win win to me . 
  except total military spending would probably increase , meaning more of our disposable income would be spent on weapons that everybody hopes are never going to be used , instead of things like paying off debts , development aid , or improving the lives of citizens . 
  actually , ubi would work excellently with open borders , if there is a hard requirement of citizenship ^ 1 for ubi . 
  because of ubi , the government would n't have to subsidise social services or crank up the costs of legal labor through minimum wages . 
  citizens could buy what they need at full market prices , while asking much less for their labor , and still be able to live decently . 
  this would leave illegal immigrants unable to compete in the jobs market with people who can afford to do the job for free , and unable to afford costs of living because of the higher costs of social services . 
  this would make the country thoroughly unappealing for them , and we 've seen they have the capacity and will to leave rather than suffer a 0 degree winter . 
  [ 1 ] or other forms of authorised residency , like work visas or legal migrants who are being processed . 
  well , you can , but it is n't humane and sets dangerous precedents if you are that invasive in citizens ' lives ( because many problematic individuals are full citizens ) . 
  [ terrifying ] ( https://cdn.lulus.com/images/product/large/2015722_350562.jpg ) [ totally ] ( https://customizedbarricadetape.files.wordpress.com/2015/02/wall_of_crime_scene_tape_1600_clr_8537-1.png ) [ fine ] ( https://www.killline.co.uk/media/pests/wasp.png.555x317_q85_crop_upscale.jpg ), 
  except , as bernie sanders and dozens of minor parties in europe has demonstrated : the opposition ca n't unite behind a leader that offers specifics because those specifics will alienate enough of the population that the establishment wins . 
  trump won because he is the lowest common denominator of opposition . 
   browsing r/europe you get the feeling the eastern european flairs are hoping that the north \\ - / u/spacemanspiiff he 's pretty explicit about it being prejudice against eastern europeans specifically . 
  you could even call it racism against slavs , if you wanted to be incendiary . 
  as for paranoia , a key characteristic is fear or worry , which he does n't appear to experience . 
  he 's accusing innocent people , not changing his actions to react to an imagined threat . 
  there have been numerous health scandals over the past decade since the budget for health inspection was cut and the institutes reorganised . 
  with a bigger budget and more competent management , it 's more likely that they * could * have checked on that anonymous tip more quickly . 
  there have been calls to increase funding to health inspection institutes for years now , but that is not in the style of cda or vvd . 
  some errors are probably inevitable , and there are costs involved with quality control , but the netherlands has been performing disproportionately poorly compared to other european countries , and that will probably hurt our exports in all sectors because of the persistence of reputation . 
  a quantitative analysis of whether austerity on health inspection and quality control was or is wrong is arduous and beyond the scope of this internet comment , but in my political opinion it seems likely that the nvwa is underfunded - that the dutch state could financially benefit from increasing funding to the nvwa , which right-wing parties are unlikely to do because it involves raising taxes and limiting corporations . 
  just install dolphin . 
  stereotyping a lot . 
  i did n't know [ every sperm is sacred ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzvhjg3aqiq ) was a documentary . 
  dutch politics allows minor parties to have influence , which means even issues that matter to only a few can be addressed . 
  over the past couple of elections , the party has proven itself pretty capable at politics beyond its initial primary issue , so it has stuck around . 
  so cultural prescriptivism is fascism ? 
  so the country of israel is fascist ? 
  democratic athens was fascist ? 
  the art school that rejected adolf hitler was fascist ? 
  i would prefer a unitary state . 
  people should be able to vote for representatives from countries other than their own . 
  with large federations , you get the american problem where people vote because of state-level issues in general elections . 
  well , the philippines were an american colony . 
  czechia and poland have become green , while they 're traditionally ( because of the iron curtain ) ` eastern europe ' . 
  the muslims in iberia were a slightly different branch of sunni islam than currently extant ones , so that 's a decent reason against having a grudge against them specifically . 
   guns are a way bigger problem than terrorism , but people , somehow , choose to ignore it and focus only on terrorism . 
  this is a thread about an act of terrorism . 
  we are n't ignoring gun violence any more than we are ignoring ebola or how dragonfire is at one time hot enough to burn someone to cinders in a second and at another time cold enough to leave people walking around for several seconds . 
  for the record , guns are bad but as a subset of crime and violence in a region with pretty strict gun control , it 's not as tractable as immigration reform . 
   you 're actually playing their game by having unjustified fear and hatred towards all muslims . 
  you 're not helping by further polarising the issue like this . 
  you 're forcing people who are concerned about the current immigration policy which is very bad at filtering out ideological extremists to side with the reactionaries , while providing a ` quisling ' position for reactionary extremists to point at . 
  i 'm not as confident as you seem to be that being meek will discourage terrorist activities , but according to your own reasoning you should be meek towards anti-muslim reactionaries . 
  because , according to yourself , your outrage is exactly what they want . 
  if it 's a long-term thing , it seems better to train and equip regular civilian police to be more comfortable with violence than to call upon an army with limited civilian interaction training . 
  as for the army , by that time we really should have an eu army to call upon if necessary . 
  lots of people have done that throughout history . 
  i do n't know if it 's an actual majority , but it was enough that conscripted armies could be expected to be engaging in plundering and raping and pillaging . 
  what 's your point ? 
  that one of the previous ones was done by anti-muslim reactionaries ? 
  ok , sure . 
  how does that help us ? 
  are you implying that there would n't be muslim attacks if there were n't anti-muslim attacks ? 
  because the chronology does n't line up , attackers ' manifestos do n't line up , and isis is more violent than any non-muslim right-wing organisation in existence .
