  peer pressure reverses , self-consistency effects wear off over time , and then the cultural burden of proof is on supporting the mainstream over fascists . 
  tiring of constant fighting , defense of old beliefs is gradually replaced by silent acquiescence and sympathetic remarks , and these internalise and become automatic . 
  at this point hanging out with normies becomes difficult , as learned automatic social behaviour is a massive faux pas , and they 're eventually replaced with more like-minded social circles . 
  the arsenal of anti-mainstream arguments grows through exposure , until non-fascist sources seem untrustworthy and typical debates against mainstream people can be ` won ' . 
  looking for ways to strengthen one 's arguments using fascist sources becomes routine , and consistency effects internalise these arguments . 
  et voil\u00e0 , a true fascist , born of nothing but social pressure , an accessible database of appropriate literature , and universal human failings . 
  except facts which pertain opinion and thought , and through that language , convention , morality , perception , etc. 
  single issue parties always adopt a more complete platform once it 's clear they 'll be there for the long haul , like green parties . 
  in some countries they defaulted to fascism , in others ( like mine ) they did n't . 
  anyway , yes , many people choose fascism over ( what they perceive as ) the imminent suicide of their countries . 
  i even agree with you that they 're wrong for believing that and for making that decision . 
  however , you claim that they 're stupid because they do n't understand democracy , and that does not follow . 
  they may consider the risk of fascism acceptable to force mainstream parties to reconsider their policies , or they may consider fascism an acceptable price for anti-immigration . 
   because nobody who genuinely cared only about this single issue would be dumb enough to vote for a party bringing so many ideas they supposedly disagree with . 
  wow , there is a political party you largely agree with ? 
  either you 're a billionaire with the party 's ear , or you 're an idiot . 
  as for sympathy for fascism , if you do n't have sympathy for an ideology which managed to captivate nations , that merely proves your own ignorance : all ideologies , good or bad , have had enemies who did not sympathise with them . 
  [ single-issue parties have a long and respectable history ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/single-issue_politics ) . 
  you may be putting the cart before the horse . 
  most parties are n't adequately addressing people 's fears , based on all media they consume , so they pick the one party that manages to be on the far side of these people 's ideal . 
  right now , in the netherlands , the choice appears ( based on non-thorough watching of dutch news ) to be between discrimination against muslims and going along with germany in terms of quotas . 
  many people are dissatisfied with germany so the only choice of affecting this decision appears to be voting far right . 
   anecdotal evidence is shit . 
  let me prove it with anecdotal and unsourced evidence of some of my opponents being stupid . 
  so it 's a way to always have dirt on any opposition that risks becoming serious ? 
  dutch cuisine restaurants are typically about $ 15 for a main course prepared with less skill and resources than an average housewife 's dinner . 
  dutch cuisine itself is similar to german cuisine . 
  \\  suggests using reality rather than feeling \\  provides no evidence , but argues from mistrust in the government i know it 's tempting to skip over the step where you gather evidence when it 's just * so obvious * that you 're right - i 've done it occasionally myself - but if you 're going to call for a fact-based discussion you 've got to show yourself capable of living up to the same standards . 
  if research demonstrated that this policy would reduce hospitalisation from anorexia by ( 0.01 % of the total population per annum ) at the cost of $ 0.01 per capita per year ( equivalent to choosing to pay $ 110 or get severe anorexia ) ( numbers picked to be overwhelmingly good , rather than realistic ) , would you still disallow the policy because anorexia from bad body image is something between the child and her parents ? 
  how much is that principle worth , using any unit of utility you find convenient ? 
  or if it 's a general suspected bias in reasoning to favour government interference , what standard of evidence would you find sufficient to overcome the null hypothesis , and what kind of system would be acceptable for gathering that evidence ? 
  in this case , society loses about $ 400 per year per model from health checkups and administration . 
  in exchange , it gains experimental data and actual effects in reality which seem to range from ineffectuality to a significant decrease in anorexia nationwide . 
  i 'm not sure whether it 's a good trade , or what information the french government is already working on in deciding to test/implement this policy on a national level . 
  for that we would need actual knowledge of reality , which neither of us has provided and i do n't care enough about to provide myself ( because it takes ten hours to begin to get an idea of the specifics ) . 
  we regulate industries to prevent them from screwing up areas which it ` is n't their job ' to care about . 
  factories ca n't profitably research osha standards , so the government researches and enforces them instead . 
  mining corporations have no incentive to care about the local environment , so the government steps in , etc. 
  your example seems very specific , so i have to ask , was it the foreigner 's trash bag ? 
  \\  implying, 
  do you know what ` human rights ' are the subject of discontent ? 
  do you even know the process by which these ` rights ' are formulated ? 
  if the answers were yes before you started reading this comment , then good , but if they were n't , please consider holding off on picking a side until you know more than what language some random journalist used to describe it . 
  rather a needless extant safety measure than a needed absent one . 
  it 's not as if our countries would have spent the funding incredibly well otherwise . 
   but it seems like these riots have more the logic of war - the parties try to stand their ground and just battle . 
  a losing party standing their ground is rare on most historical battlefields . 
  half the success of famous militaries like rome and sparta came from their ability to reduce the number of people killed in routs ; the former by organised retreats , the latter by fighting to the death . 
  sun tzu stressed the importance of giving enemies a seeming opportunity to flee , because it 's much easier to defeat a fleeing foe than a trapped one fighting for his life . 
   because the police really worry about being politically correct !, 
  / s in the netherlands they certainly do . 
  police are asked to maintain a dialogue with the local population and if the local population believes an officer to be racist it is considered a failure of the police to do their job . 
   best figures i could find : [ ... ] they do n't appear to be worried about arresting anybody in particular . 
  that proves nothing , unless you assume a certain rate of actual crimes . 
  those arrest figures are in proportion to the population , but the rotherham case made up at least 30 % of rotherham rapes during the past decade , all by asian british people . 
  if that propensity is equal across all crimes and cities ( which is unlikely , because of regression to the mean ) , your figures would prove that there * is * a problem with police officers not going after criminals because of their ethnicity . 
  compare to the us , for example , where black crime rate is high and black arrest rates are also high . 
  it seems unlikely that a minority could get a reputation of criminality without that having any basis in reality , which you would have me believe for your data to be evidence against police bias . 
  women make for worse soldiers , for the same reason they make worse firemen : they naturally have less strength and endurance . 
  it may be acceptable to take a hit to military efficiency for the sake of gender equality in peacetime , but that is not what the draft is for . 
  the draft exists for existential threats , when a large portion of soldiers is expected to die and when military efficiency matters . 
  an all-male army will defeat a mixed gender army , statistically , ceteris paribus . 
  protect them from what ? 
  a racially motivated assault hurts people equally regardless of whether they 're in a position of power . 
  or if you would argue it does n't , then the law should be consistent in always punishing ` punching up ' less . 
  unless the article is misleading , it appears that you misunderstood the case . 
  in the first line , it says the court ruled that ' `` fran\u00e7ais blancs dits de souche '' do n't constitute a `` groupe de personnes '' '' under french law ' . 
  logically , there must be some line directed at ethnic french ( for lack of a better translation ) which * would * have been hate speech if the target had been a people in the legal sense . 
   one can not use force against migrants . 
  who the * fuck * thought this was a good idea ? 
  what can border control even mean if you ca n't use force to enforce it ? 
  that means nothing unless it becomes acceptable for police officers to acknowledge that certain demographics are a lot more likely to be criminal , and to act on that knowledge . 
  as it stands , the threat of being considered racist is real , and can endanger one 's career and livelihood . 
  maybe officers should have been willing to sacrifice their careers and the respect of all who knew them to save children from rape , but that is not something that should be routinely demanded of anyone . 
  trump seems to be leading : http://elections.huffingtonpost.com/pollster/2016-national-gop-primary#!selected=bush,carson,christie,cruz,fiorina,gilmore,graham,huckabee,pataki,rubio,santorum,trump http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/2016_republican_presidential_nomination-3823.html, 
  american war for independence . 
  american civil war . 
  french revolution . 
  war of the roses . 
  the warring states period of japan . 
  there are many examples of ethnically and religiously uniform groups killing each other in civil war . 
  would n't be surprised if it 's an actual majority of civil wars . 
  they ca n't be trusted to spend it efficiently and with the eu 's best interests in mind , rather than their own . 
  they might benefit from accidentally keeping some borders unsecure and allowing immigrants to escape to central europe . 
  still , would have been nice not to have 1 % of our population be unprocessed immigrants . 
  it seems unlikely that the eu would n't have its papers in order . 
  if your country did n't explicitly sign off on it , i 'm sure there 's a clause in the legislature somewhere which allows it , or an eu ruling to decide it without your nation 's approval , regardless . 
  tell that go the african agricultural industry . 
  being in a single market is absolutely ruinous if the other country can make better goods for less money than you ( or with government subsidies ) , especially if you have the same minimum wages , an education differential , and less than 100 % employment in the more developed country . 
  our agreements with turkey , israel and saudi arabia appear to be plenty to keep the middle east astir . 
  i agree that based on commonly available information arming syrian rebels seems like a terrible idea , but there 's no way we 're safe if we just stop that . 
  if we do not befriend the turks and saudis , however , our oil supplies are at risk , russia is in a stronger position , and other world powers will simply stir up trouble for their own ends . 
  in the long term , the region * might * be somewhat better off if stability increases by enough that its people are better off in states puppeted by the enemy , but western power in world affairs most certainly would decrease . 
  decrease by too much , for too long , and the west would simply become irrelevant , not just militarily but culturally , morally and legislatively , replaced by countries which do n't mind causing chaos in entire subcontinents for their benefit , and which may not care for the population once they 're done . 
  china , russia , pakistan , iran , saudi arabia , north korea , maybe turkey - there are countries which i would rather embrace in mutually assured nuclear destruction than allow control over the world . 
  which i would destabilise regions for in an attempt to defeat them . 
   the nato treaty only covers the atlantic , if russia attacks the us in the pacific europe is not involved . 
  that 's oddly specific in the nuclear era . 
  would no european nations come to the us ' aid , though , despite it already being a nuclear exchange ? 
  would american bases in europe really do nothing as their country is under attack ?
