  it 's kind of a thing , sort of related to this . 
  that does n't stop our railway network from looking like slime mold . 
  is scotland treated worse than other not very economically important regions ? 
  if there is a bias against scotland , sure the scots are right to complain , but if scottish problems are just part of a larger issue of the impoverishment of the lower and middle class due to neoliberalism and austerity , they really kind of should stop focussing on their own problems , and band together with other mistreated minorities . 
  otherwise the powers that be could just bribe specific subgroups to their side until they have the influence they need , and leave the rest out in the cold . 
  the numbers are n't ` behind ' the public perception , they 're an alternate perception . 
  `` lies , damned lies , and statistics '' , as they say . 
  whether acts of terror target a government or a culture is significant in how they should be interpreted , considering violence is usually the forefront of a larger societal trend . 
  `` a minority wants northern ireland to belong to ireland , but otherwise remain civilised '' is less worrisome than `` a minority wants europe to adopt sharia law '' , and the threat the public * should * perceive is different because of it . 
  islamic extremism is opposed to much deeper principles of western civilisation than ira or eta , though soviet communism got close . 
  human values are complicated , and people are pretty bad at formulating them , so if you trust statistics too much , treating them as ` more true ' just because they can be more easily measured , you 're opening yourself up to a hell of a lot of bias , which can ruin countries if left unchecked . 
  the numbers are true , but that may be as useful as reading up biological texts on mating rituals to find a girlfriend . 
  respecting people 's freedom often means not stepping in to resolve their problems , i.e. 
  what you percieve as their problems . 
  the government should n't ` treat the problem ' of the resurgence of the right wing , which would mean re-educating those that insult islam . 
  likewise , it 's much harder to treat the problem that these people represent while preserving our values , than to treat symptoms . 
  this obviously is n't a solution , but it 's a wise measure for the uk nontheless , making the likely assumption that the eu wo n't solve the problem any time soon . 
  or you change policies and maybe propaganda to encourage babies from the pre-existing population . 
  the reason western populations are shrinking is because there has n't been a proper cultural and economic replacement for the full-time mother . 
  children need attention and care , and would-be parents see it as their duty to give it , but they 're lead to believe/put in the position that they have better things to do . 
  xenophobia does n't stop with muslims . 
  every foreign culture brings some societal change that could be dangerous . 
  poles are attacked in britain for rivalling the lower class , greeks are seen as lazy , british are seen as traitors , and soon enough every country or region or subculture is its own isolationalist little microstate that is as irrelevant as it is unreliable in geopolitical affairs . 
  so the world economy passes them by , internationally connected intellectuals leave for more worldly nations , and soon enough all of europe is a brain drained balkanized shithole filled with people who blame their neighbours for their fallen glory . 
  so then the russians and americans and chinese and saudis fund their own preferred groups , or muslims actually invade border states with few allies , and the continent descends into petty wars and struggles like it 's the middle east or africa you fear so much . 
  so no , unchecked xenophobia would kill europe as surely as welcoming the barbarians at the gates . 
  keep your head , and stop staring at the abyss every once and a while to see what it is you want to protect , and what is actually needed to protect it . 
  if you get butthurt over this , you should be offended every time people speak ill of islamic wrongdoers . 
  it 's not any less representative . 
  as said [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/513wqf/dutch_television_show_about_brexit/d7945vx ) , it 's making fun of a particular type of lower class british folk who make up a sizable portion of obnoxious tourists in amsterdam . 
  it 's not directed at brexit voters in general . 
  but the eu is about being stronger together , among other things by sharing burdens . 
  greece is n't supposed to be just a ` safe third state ' to us , we have a duty to help them . 
  luckily for greece , many migrants passed through without registering , or destroyed their papers after the fact . 
  the nature of brexit as an individualist rebellion against the advice of experts and authorities may also rub the japanese the wrong way . 
  they tend to be quite harsh when pressuring individuals to conform , so that might extend to nations as well . 
  if i had to guess , tax havens like ireland , luxemburg or the netherlands , or germany or belgium because of the proximity to eu institutions . 
  if americans are fighting russians , it 's probably already game over for humanity . 
  he said it 's a google automatic translation . 
  no need to be a meanie . 
  it 's not like most of us would have known what he meant if he had said ` synecdoche ' . 
  ` protesting [ a thing ] ' = ` protesting against [ a thing ] ' . 
  ` tis english grammar . 
  no : anarchism is the end goal , not necessarily the means . 
  in communism , the goal is a dictatorship of the proletariat where society enforces standards and rules without the need for central government . 
  yet karl marx and nearly everyone after him said that the way to achieve this was with a vanguard communist party ruling the nation in a centralised fashion to make sure it moved towards that goal . 
  the communist party that ruled russia was charged with transforming the nation , a task they deliberately dragged out indefinitely in favour of keeping absolute control . 
  i suppose an anarchist may have similar beliefs . 
  unite europe so that the union has enough resources and geopolitical force that it wo n't be victimised by rivals ` bringing freedom to its people ' . 
  actually all emoji are emoticons by definition , and emoticon just means an inline symbol which signifies an emotion . 
  now you know how we 've felt the past decade . 
  unemployment combined with austerity measures can be terrible for poor people , fwiw . 
  it decreases risk to pedestrians and cyclists , because they can now outmaneuver them and the force of any collision is an order of magnitude smaller . 
  cars may be a different story , but the bus can be clearly labeled , and finland does n't strike me as a stranger to slow-moving vehicles like tractors . 
   it has been radical , economic right-wing austerity and far-left open-borders migration . 
  also known as neoliberalism . 
  the primary goal of these politicians is to enrich corporations and lobbyists , and retire to a well-paying ` advisor ' job with while pr firms praise them to the heavens . 
  laissez-faire economics concentrate wealth and power for their allies , and unrestricted immigration lowers labor costs and distracts the plebs by giving them a minority to be mad at . 
  is it the deal with turkey that is keeping back migrants , or the balkan border fences ? 
  the actually voting for hitler thing is certainly a condemnation . 
  regardless of what you like about a politician , you have to consider the trade-off against the bad things , or where he pulls in the right direction but too far , or where he acts without proper regard for systems that protect against extremism , like constitutional rights or international relations . 
  most nazi voters would not have supported a candidate who ran on a platform of live vivisections and gas chambers either , but they still voted for a system that produced it , and was n't exactly shy about its dislike of minorities . 
  the question is how much people here would have supported hitler in his rise to power , and up to what point . 
  and then , how wrong it is that their morality allowed them to give them such support to someone who turned out so evil . 
  apple being the victim of european political bullshit may also appeal to american conservatives and eu reactionaries . 
  the media want you worried and checking their reports often . 
  it wo n't stop , ever . 
  best just build a tolerance . 
  either they choose to wear it out of free will , or they are forced to wear it by others . 
  so either it 's a victimless crime , or it is a crime where the victims are the only ones being punished . 
  either way , it 's a miscarriage of justice . 
  if most women who wear this clothing are forced to wear it , then seeing women wear it should be considered probable cause for their peers and family to be investigated for abusiveness . 
  if only a few women wear this clothing because they 're forced to , at what point does the amount of innocents you punish become unjust ? 
  it 's about competition . 
  the us has lower quality control , does n't follow the kyoto protocol , does n't do its fair share towards the un millenium goals , etc. , unlike the eu , and all these things are funded from taxes upon the european economy . 
  if free trade is possible with the us , they can provide the same goods for cheaper because they are n't weighed down by those pesky taxes we need to keep health care affordable for the common man , to make it so poor people are n't immediately homeless , and to save the bloody planet , among other things . 
  which results in european jobs and industries moving to the us , resulting in unemployment and general impoverishment of the eu middle and lower class . 
  this trend is already visible in past economic movements . 
  the world 's richest 0.1 % people have gotten much richer over the past few decades , while the 19.9 % below that ( i.e. 
  most of europe and the us ) have actually gotten poorer . 
  the 80 % below that have also gotten richer , though much less than the global elite . 
  this is because globalisation allows the rich to offer jobs to the poorest , rather than people from nations who do n't want 14 hour shift child labor . 
  yes , the total european economy would probably grow for the first couple of decades because of ttip , until the lack of long-term investment leads to a drop in education , scientific innovation , health and worker productivity , global climate quality , disaster protection , etc. 
  but the middle and lower class would never profit . 
  that statistic is also probably misleading . 
  a large portion of legislature is politically boring maintenance of bureaucracy . 
  if those 5 % are all in politically divisive areas and other countries only have around 2 % , the uk could still legitimately consider itself to have little say . 
  unless the wealth is redistributed , economic growth like this only benefits the rich/corporations and the migrants themselves . 
  the middle and lower class are faced with more competition from foreigners who undercut their wages , driving down how much they can ask for their work , leading to the impoverishment of those classes . 
  before brexit i would have said britain , but now i 'll just go to belgium . 
  or just make it so their husbands and fathers force them to stay indoors . 
  ` nationalist socialism ' unfortunately does n't have a great reputation . 
  especially with regards to national security and unwanted minorities with questionable national allegiances . 
  it 's possible that moving in that direction is a good idea , but there 's still a lot of post-war resentment towards that corner of the political landscape . 
  people choose to obey religion , even if the religion is stupid . 
  if you have a dress code which contradicts a certain religion , you are excluding many people with that religion . 
  that is a fact , which no amount of principles or ` should 's can change . 
  do we want to exclude average-to-hardcore muslim women from government jobs , and segregate them in general society ? 
  historically , the reason there are special protections for religion is because religions used to abuse the crap out of regular protections like what you suggest , in order to disadvantage certain religions ( protestants , catholics , lutherans , jews , etc. ), 
  in public living .
