  governments can not be expected to suddenly get the manpower to screen the histories of over a million migrants who in many cases lack any identifying documents . 
  either they must be physically prevented from moving where they will - be it with a wall outside of europe , or with concentration camps , or something else yet - or they roam free in europe to cause the havoc you see . 
  in reply to your entire comment , the main thing seems to be that you overestimate how terrible it is to be a refugee in europe-bordering countries , at least compared to being a typical citizen of sub-saharan africa , south africa , central america , or south-east asia . 
  there are refugee camps in the countries surrounding syria , and enough aid workers to supply them with all human rights necessities if europe is willing to fund them ( at a fraction of the cost of housing a refugee ) in europe ) . 
  charity is a matter of triage . 
  should we spend a hundred thousand euros to ( a ) house a migrant in europe rather than turkey for five years , ( b ) prevent two thousand malawian children from ever getting malaria , extending their expected lifespans by 120 life-years , ( c ) pay for one tenth of a mission to bomb some isis members in iraq , ( d ) pay our debts , ( e ) train and hire a police officer for a year , ( f ) lower taxes , ( g ) hire someone for a year to try to make this assessment better for the billions of euros that make up the remaining government budget , etc. 
  migrants have gotten way too much attention precisely because they 're begging at our doorstep , rather than quietly suffering somewhere the media does n't sensationalise . 
  [ having been there on holiday helps . 
  bullying victims get bullied , using their weaknesses as tools . 
  being iranian is a weakness , so it 's plausible they attacked him with it , like people might be bullied with being short or ugly or tall or smart or any other thing that has been part of european variance for millennia . 
  in terms of actual death counts , terrorist attacks continue to be irrelevant next to narcotics , lack of physical activity , stress from poor working conditions , various potentially treatable diseases , regular murder , car accidents , not to mention all the harm the west has done to the middle east ( 100,000 innocent iraqis dead in the aftermath of an invasion based on falsified evidence ) . 
  in terms of your daily life , it 's irrational to be afraid of terrorism . 
  in terms of victims saved per euro , the government would be far better off in the short term to quickly enforce driverless cars , than to try to prevent terrorist attacks . 
  terrorism matters because of the disproportionate fear it causes , and because of the cultural clashes that are betrayed by it . 
  i do n't think there 's been a country in history that has more deaths from terrorist attacks than from ( car ) accidents in a single year ; a coup is easier than such a regular amount of damage . 
  which incidentally implies that at about 150 deaths per year , france is at least 5 % towards an islamist coup . 
  that is much more worrisome than a couple hundred deaths . 
   using special as an insult while grandstanding about not using positive terms to denote bad things . 
  a critic of anti-immigrationists being hypocritical and using ad hominems ? 
  say it ai n't so . 
  recurrent ? 
  meh , the protestants managed to counter the voice of god on earth ^ tm . 
  and there are still communists out there today , with justifications why stalinism and maoism were n't proper ( because neither managed to reach the end state of a dictatorship by the proletariat , so we just have to find an intermediate measure that does n't quagmire into dictatorship ) . 
  ideologies are rarely defeated through a full logical counterargument . 
  much more often , it 's banal human tendencies that dictate the rise and fall . 
  protestants thought that bishops were unfairly taking their shit . 
  eastern europeans saw that capitalists had much more shit . 
  the british were taking the americans ' shit , but the americans were taking the slaves ' shit and hypocrisy is n't good ^ 1 . 
  the main edge isis has on the west ( or being a civilian in the middle east , for that matter ) is that it promises an engaging lifestyle with significance to the lower class . 
  sure it has the rhetoric that gets your ratio to accept that running children over with a truck is heroic and for the greater good , but you wo n't believe that unless you expect to gain something from it at the banal level ( otherwise evolution would shut that weakness right down ) . 
  i expect that if you give them something better to do - raising kids , vr tech that is affordable in 2036 , exploring the world , etc. 
  - they 'll actually stop being a problem on their own . 
  [ 1 ] hypocrites ca n't be trusted based on what they say , so known hypocrites are in a worse social bargaining position than people who appear to have consistent beliefs . 
  thus , people do n't want to be ( seen as ) hypocrites . 
  olympic hole-digging in sand . 
   human-baiting i think the page says hyena-baiting, 
  afaik the goal ( for most members ) was to insure the hegemony of liberal western values . 
  portugal and greece were allies of convenience , better to have nato bases in than soviet ones . 
  now that there do n't seem to be any military existential threats to the west , we can afford to be more picky . 
  engineers tend to be more amoral , rather than crooked . 
  they work out possible solutions as asked by their employers , but do n't consider themselves responsible for the moral decision whether those solutions are enacted or not . 
  imo it 's more likely that a manager asked an engineer to find a way to beat the system , than that an engineer proposed a way himself . 
  who would you empower with the ability to decide what ideologies ` do not belong ' ? 
  the government ? 
  a public referendum ? 
  a single individual like yourself ? 
  did n't work for poor jews in the 1930s . 
  wo n't work for poor muslims now . 
  on the plus side , if the eu has a poorly defended border to an active warzone , perhaps that will finally inspire them to protect their borders better . 
  what 's stopping a portion of the remain people from rioting for the sake of rioting , with undemocratic government as a mere excuse ? 
  many leavers already voted to vent frustration , rather than with the purpose of causing brexit . 
  [ there have been riots over far lesser reasons/excuses ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_england_riots ) in the uk . 
  and i would imagine that the more legitimate the reason seems , the more people decide to join in the mayhem . 
  the number three greatest power in the world is probably a eu country . 
  the us , then china , then germany , britain france , then russia , japan , india , etc. 
  so what you 're saying is that us president carter did 9/11 ? 
  helping the rest of the world also helps ourselves ( or humanity in general ) , just less so . 
  if you can choose between saving one european or a thousand africans ^ 1 , you should probably still go for the africans . 
  right now you can extend africans ' lives for about $ 100 per person per year . 
  the gdp per capita of europe is about $ 30000 per year , so we invest on the order of a hundred times more in europeans than africans at present , assuming the efficient market hypothesis . 
  [ 1 ] a random european and a thousand random africans will die from heart attacks , unless you choose one group to not die , in which case only the other group dies . 
  if it matters , you are not part of the random groups . 
  sweden , germany and spain have a majority in favour of focussing on helping other countries . 
  either you should be surprised by that result , or you should be surprised to hear most europeans are focused on their own countries . 
  so you 've been calling the germans [ barbarians ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/%ce%b2%ce%ac%cf%81%ce%b2%ce%b1%cf%81%ce%bf%cf%82 ) all this time ? 
  maybe it 's a way to get him to leave entirely . 
  she 's setting him up for failure while making it look like she 's honoring him and the people that voted for him . 
  so when he screws up in an important position in the next couple of months , he 'll have to be replaced and nor given any position of power at all . 
  du monster * ugh , people these days have no regard for proper spelling . 
  yes and yes . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  are n't both sides their citizens ? 
  what you mean is that you fear that they wo n't side with the indigenous french . 
  to which their answer already is [ `` what ` indigenous french ' ? 
  '' ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3wizz7/french_court_confirms_the_rejection_of_the/ ), 
  we do n't live in a sustainable world . 
  the second law of thermodynamics means that unless we use available work to do things we like , the universe will use it to make boring old heat at some point . 
  we can make at least 10 ^ 35 people live in the universe with the budget of a billionaire without reducing its lifespan , so why settle for 10 ^ 9 ? 
  as for environmental sustainability , it seems far better to focus on getting the quadrillion-fold power increase from building a dyson swarm than trying to shave a couple percent off our current consumption on lil old earth . 
  technological investment promises a more-or-less continuous growth from fission and solar to fusion to dyson swarm . 
  right now we are using resources we do n't know how to replace , but that is a temporary problem which we have to solve in 100 years if we let our population increase naturally or maybe 110 years if we restrict it like you demand . 
  ( while most predictions would have it solved in 60 years , through fusion and automation and general ai ) . 
  could it also be that germany has a different economic focus on things less affected by economies of scale ? 
  a software company does n't need to be big , but a bank or a car manufacturer does . 
  automation is taking over more and more markets . 
  we may run out of jobs to outsource before we run out of poor people to exploit . 
  ta is underlined . 
  herbal tea -  herba-ta . 
  they could maybe separate divisions out by weight class . 
  right now somebody who barely made the physical requirements could be put in the same squad with a 7 ' mountain of a man whom he does n't have the strength to move because 7 ' soldiers are considered rare enough that the standards do n't suffice to drag him . 
  the standards would probably still be fierce enough to cause a gender imbalance , but it makes raw physical strength less of a variable , decreasing the limit you need to ` be on the safe side ' . 
  i do n't know enough about actual combat operations to say how much of a benefit this would get you . 
  firefighters often have to rescue random fat people , so in their case a ` lightweight squad ' does n't make much sense , but i do n't know how often frontline soldiers have to use strength for something other than themselves or their squad . 
  there is pr to consider . 
  the media often treat female casualties of war as a lot worse than male casualties of war . 
  the only female front line soldier would be like another [ prince harry ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prince_harry ) to look out for . 
  suppose isis captures a female western soldier and decides to rape her on livestream . 
  imagine the fallout from that . 
  now suppose that a month later a squad is engaged in risky maneuvers , and a female squad member is caught out and at risk of being captured , and the rest of the squad can decide to risk their lives trying to save her or condemn her to being raped on international television . 
  would that squad be willing to take a greater risk for that woman than they would for a man ?
