  if there is a reasonable probability that people are kidnapped or murdered , that country is by definition not safe . 
  i see no way how german citizens could be at risk from this : there is no case where an eu citizen or non-asylum seeker should be subject to these laws , and eu citizens and non-asylum seekers can be categorically excluded from the regulation . 
   when this came out when people started making a problem out of it , or as soon as he heard this would be the arrangement ? 
  schengen 's economy has adapted to integration . 
  recreating the fall of the roman empire , i take it ? 
   and everything is gon na be alright until the third generation this is not the time of unrealistic optimism . 
  it seems that , excluding the zero , wealth inversely correlates with duration of english occupation and percentage of the original population remaining . 
  netherlands can not into empire ? 
  agreed . 
  accepting these refugees/economic migrants does n't make sense from a humanitarian perspective when the same amount of money and effort spent last year could have been used to harbor them in neighbouring countries , save a million lives from tropical diseases and cure or prevent diseases in ten million more ^ 1 . 
  there is the unleftist argument that a million lives saved is a million more mouths to feed - that the poor should suffer and die for a profit . 
  if so , we can still raise the poorest 50 million people in the world above the poverty line ( about $ 400 pp per year ) . 
  [ 1 ] going rate of malaria prevention is at $ 3000 per life saved and $ 30 per prevention . 
  schistosomiasis ( parasitic worm ; causes fatigue , lowers productivity and school attendance ) at $ 6 per prevention ; cost of refugees at $ 20bn in 2015 . 
  however , it may be less efficient because the government , and because malaria goes extinct halfway through redistributing the funds , driving up costs for exterminating the last holdouts of the disease , and requiring a search for the next easies way to help people . 
  usually , it 's cheaper to help foreigners because they 're poorer , and it 's politically easier because screw-ups happen too far away for commoners to care . 
  also , it 's easier to ` become greek ' and profit from their benefits than it is to become a dark-skinned person/victim of oppression , so it promotes less corruption among your own group . 
  the eu is also still the wealthiest political union on earth , by absolute numbers , and high up there per capita . 
  we have more disposable income than any previous generations . 
  the french say there is no such thing as `` fran\u00e7ais de souche '' , so they 've abdicated that claim . 
  sharia law cours are n't considered courts , they 're considered private legal contract negotiations . 
  suppose i have some meat you wish to buy . 
  you have some unique and subjective standards , so we agree to have an arbitrator decide whether the meat meets those standards . 
  sounds okay , right ? 
  now suppose those standards are equal to sharia-halal . 
  is it now suddenly wrong ? 
  furthermore , is the entire concept of an arbitrator now wrong , since he arbitrates sharia standards ? 
  secularism means the law does not know religion . 
  there can be no exceptions one way or another , because ideologies which include belief in gods are just a subset of ideologies . 
  there are punishments people are n't legally able to call upon themselves . 
  you ca n't force someone to commit a crime through contract . 
  that is a natural limit on these courts . 
  beyond that , i do n't see what we can do which does n't deteriorate civil liberties , other than stopping muslim immigration and softly promoting integration . 
  that 's just a bad idea . 
  take the military , as a stereotypical example . 
  if every municipality is responsible for local defense , the russians could be halfway through spain before the remaining eu population gives 95 % approval for mobilisation of eu joint forces , and every local force would be overrun on its own . 
  similar problems exist for economics , water management , crime , border control , international relations , food and drugs quality control , crime and police , climate change prevention , large science experiments , harvest and fair distribution of natural resources , basic services for citizens like health care , education , public transport , etc. 
  a 95 % approval rate is paralysing , and practically disallows any kind of unified response . 
  local solutions can often range from inefficient to game-theoretically impossible because of tragedy of the commons . 
   only he is so categorical . 
  you should think of joining palpatine . 
  only the sith deal in absolutes . 
  yeah - killing people for little political gain , with hundreds of low-ranked potential whistleblowers around who helped in their capture but see the government lie ? 
  members of upper government should be better at intrigue than that . 
  agreed . 
  1 : right now they still have a shot at becoming citizens , and can still receive aid for the government as long as they stay on the straight and narrow . 
  they have a carrot to go along with the stick . 
  it 's not as good as active strategy could be , but it 's better than nothing . 
  2 : actively pursuing illegal immigrants , and/or giving money to border countries to compensate them for taking care of the problem for us . 
  giving rewards to people who hand themselves in by a certain date . 
  or amnesty for those who get through , if the border is secure enough that it would only concern few . 
  if you 're only sending them away if they come in contact with the government , they can stay on the underbelly of society for years . 
  they can be criminal , because being sent back home might be worse than a cushy european prison , so they already face the maximum penalty for being caught . 
  so there are tens of thousands of partially armed foreigners , who are incentivised to violently avoid any government official who tries to come near them , who are already facing the harshest punishment under the law no matter what they do , and who can coordinate their movements freely by piggybacking off civilian communication channels . 
  and the government 's response would be ` let 's wait until they surrender themselves ' . 
   wait for them to come to us with requests for housing / benefits / refugee-status and then we send them away . 
  this would mean homeless beggars in the streets who are hostile to government employees and aid providers because they 'll force them back to where they came from . 
  in that case almost all migrants which enter schengen/eu/dublin are economic , because very few are under threat from the countries they left ( tunesia , turkey , libya ) . 
   the fact that they make a beeline for germany and sweden gave that away months ago though . 
  i do n't see how this is a good argument . 
  why would n't proper refugees also try to get asylum in the country with the best aid ? 
  i thought there were reports of migrant ethnicities months ago , and those made clear that the majority were economic . 
  google-able knowledge of chemistry + common household objects . 
  fertiliser , batteries , hydrolysed water , cleaning components , etc. 
  the real difficulty is getting away with it , which she did n't . 
   if they had time to count them , they had time to catch and deport them . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  their treatment of homosexuals , apostates , ethnic minorities , journalists , political activists , etc. , may still justify asylum for some people . 
  there 's no english word for * allochtoon * , and they 're culturally and genetically distinct and moroccan-like . 
  so it makes sense to me . 
  these are the promises of politicians , and vvd has never been big on keeping its promises . 
  they 'll cooperate , in exchange for concessions , of course , but they 'll cooperate . 
   they only require that every gmo has to be authorized before introduction and then monitored afterwards . 
  this means that every gmo has to be a subject to extensive , case-by-case , science-based food evaluation by the european food safety authority . 
  this may well be anti-gmo , depending on how reasonable and expensive the authorisation is . 
  no surprise his party 's popularity is falling , then : he 's an idiot . 
   remember people , always use the most idiotic group that exists to represent people you disagree with , and play dumb when moderates become disenfranchised and radicalise . 
  ftfy . 
  ( now it applies to both sides , though the right is guilty twice : against leftists and against muslims ) . 
  which , statistics or oratory ? 
  but it is ( evidence ) . 
  and since integration is somewhere between trivial and impossible , ` evidence of impossibility ' is qualitatively equivalent to ` evidence that it 's harder by x than whatever you previously believed ' , where x is equal to or greater than the difference between the old and new expectation value of difficulty . 
  however , that is somewhat less catchy , and people tend to hear what they want to hear ( ` very difficult ' -  doable with elbow grease and a good faith effort versus ` very difficult ' -  unlikely to work even in the best of circumstances ) , so ` impossible ' is a good placeholder which makes clear what you actually mean . 
  crimes being committed by criminals is an instance of lack of integration . 
  integration is less common in worlds where it is impossible than in worlds where it is possible . 
  [ therefore ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bayes%27_theorem#bayesian_interpretation ) every case of successful integration is evidence against integration being impossible ( near-absolute evidence , because you would n't expect any integration if it 's impossible ) , and every failure to integrate is evidence for the claim . 
  this is why cherry-picking works : there 's evidence for every claim , no matter how unlikely . 
  it 's why biased news sources and corporations can fill their publications with plenty of evidence to support their claims , no matter what they are . 
  repeat an experiment 20 times and you 'll get p < 0.05 results ( the standard of publication in the social sciences ) . 
  did southeast asians ever commit such crimes ? 
  he did n't say it 's nonsense to say integration is impossible , he said it 's nonsense these crimes consitute evidence towards that claim , and that is plain false . 
  so you 're saying we 'll be greeted as liberators ? 
  want to hang up a banner with `` mission accomplished '' as soon as the territory has been sexured while you 're at it ? 
  because we want their oil . 
   secure couple syrian towns , heck ... take some away from isis by force if it 's necessary and just turn them into bassicaly refugee cities . 
  just what we need - another indefinite occupation of a middle-eastern country , defending against guerrilla warfare , terrorism , and attackers hiding among the populace . 
  it 's like the grand canyon . 
  cliffs within cliffs within cliffs . 
  what 's degenerate about nudity ? 
  any country before the adoption of doctor-patient confidentiality , digital information privacy acts , slander law , or countless other limitations on freedom of speech which are obviously for the best .
