  are you implying that we should n't talk about terrorist attacks because they incentivise terrorist attacks ? 
  there is some truth in that , but pointing out more of them seems rather counterproductive . 
  are you implying that the person you 're responding to is biased ? 
  because that may be true in some of the other places you 've copy-pasted your comment , but it does n't seem obvious here , and it 's generally better to assume the benefit of the doubt before making this kind of low-effort posts . 
  i vaguely remember a stereotype about some muslims or specific muslim culture ( iranians ? ), 
  tending to buy fancy cars above their pay grade . 
  also considering many terrorists are later-generation , they could have taken/borrowed/gotten it as a hand-me-down from a well-off relative . 
  you can make a rough quantitative estimate of whether the effect of an immigrant on the nation will be positive or negative ( relative to incentivising parenthood ) . 
  since first generation immigrants will statistically produce slightly more second generation immigrants , you can include the effects of second generation ( and nth generation immigrants ) in the estimate . 
  ( accounting for uncertainty in the future due to changes in culture , technology and economy ) . 
  judging by the low level of education of most immigrants , the outcomes of previous immigrants and descendents of immigrants from those regions , cultures , and those nearby , and the future of automation and outsourcing in a global economy , these immigrants will almost certainly not benefit the european union or any country there-in . 
  moreover , the costs are far greater per person aided than organising better refugee centers in the region ( for syria ) or sending development aid like mosquito nets or anti-dysentery pills , so from a perspective of charity , accepting these immigrants is a waste . 
  you still have vidya and anime . 
  the dead get nothing . 
  so you 're a communist ? 
  because i do n't see many other plausible forms of organised society when all non-government organisations have gone and burnt in hell . 
  holland proper is pretty rural north of amsterdam . 
  that would only make it more fair for us to leave those countries behind . 
  it 's one thing if the people happen to be screwed over by a poorly designed electoral system or violent coup , quite another if the people wilfully elect someone whose ideals and conduct fundamentally go against those of the eu . 
  if we want the eu to become more centralised ( which many of us do ) , it only makes sense to leave out nations where the people have democratically indicated to be unwilling . 
  the us flag ? 
  because despite the fbi 's best efforts ( including assassination ) , there are still socialists and communists in the us . 
  because that is proper english ? 
  to be fair , nazi paraphenalia are cool-looking . 
  a multi-million reichsmark propaganda budget hiring some of the best designers in the world unsurpisingly results in some good-looking stuff . 
  there are definitely peoples that are worse off in all countries than lgbt people in some countries , like gypsies , palestinians , burakumin , twa , etc. 
  fewer *, 
  fwiw , he 's called bruce . 
  that seems unlikely . 
  the nvwa has been in [ a ] ( https://www.nrc.nl/nieuws/2015/12/05/irritatie-over-een-gehavende-organisatie-1540245-a1387453 ) [ steady ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/556225-rapport-nvwa-kapotbezuinigd.html ) [ decline ] ( https://www.ftm.nl/artikelen/de-nederlandse-voedsel-en-waren-autoriteit?share=1 ) for years now , ever since the right started cutting funding to inspection services . 
  vvd , cda , d66 and pvda all bear some responsibility for this , and there have been numerous crises over the past couple of years , so fat chance anything will change when we finally get a new government . 
  and by the time the next elections roll around , we 'll have had two new crises to have forgotten about . 
  the sahara is n't all uninhabitable desert , you know . 
  also before . 
  and so have the eastern , southern , and northern hemisphere , before and after . 
  with american fda , it is 100 % cheese ^ tm, 
  but that exact spelling/combination of morphemes could have been invented . 
  the isengard gap is way too large in this map . 
  the shire is closer to minas tirith than to rivendell , for goodness ' sake . 
  no way they could n't smuggle the ring past saruman by going south . 
  the map might look better if you move scandinavia south until oslo is over frankfurt . 
  lots of muslims do n't write in arabic . 
  turks , indians , pakistanis , descendents from ottoman subjects , recent european converts , integrated late-generation immigratants , east africans , west africans , minority afghans , etc. 
  filtering out all of those , the largest ones in that map would probably be france ( algerians ) and sweden . 
  germany , the netherlands , and probably austria have a lot of turks , uk has indians and pakistani , bulgaria and greece have turks and inhabitants since the ottoman empire . 
  those do n't stop an infantry invasion . 
  the invaders will choke on nuclear winter and see their homes turn to ash behind them , sure , but the land will be theirs . 
  nato spent hundreds of millions maintaining defensive lines [ like this one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ijssel_line ) in western europe to thwart a conventional soviet invasion . 
  nyc ? 
  was n't louisiana french ? 
  why is it marked as a former spanish region ? 
  [ yeah , those bastards ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qc7hmhrgtuq ) . 
  caesar 's autobiography is one of the few sources we have of the gallic wars , in which he explained the atrocities he committed and understated the threat his campaign caused to the roman people . 
  there are no extant records of gallic atrocities from this era ( though the gallic senones did sack rome in around 390 bce ) . 
  changes in methodology can easily change this sort of figure significantly . 
  i would n't trust this number , especially from a minor , russian , christian-orthodox polling agency . 
  the mainland part of those nations , not the mainland part of europe . 
  microwave dinners have gotten more popular in the netherlands recently . 
  they 're actually pretty good too . 
  those journalists are right . 
  opinion columns have been standard fare in the news for over a century , and people often pick which sources of news they consume because of the educational context they provide . 
  objectively providing information about complex subjects is both practically impossible for humans , and undesirable for readers . 
  we want context , we want things to fit in a framework of understanding we already possess , and we want the raw information to be compressed into something that is usable with just a couple minutes of reading . 
  as for `` their job '' , this is mostly the work of simple capitalist evolution . 
  the market rewards journalists that build up a narrative and that stay on good enough terms with ngos and governments to have exclusive access , because people buy or watch the ads on news that is easy to consume and that gets the news out quickest . 
  all the journalists with the principles you expect of them have either gotten fired , gone bankrupt , or slipped into irrelevance . 
  if they ever existed outside of contemporary fiction and the dreams of children . 
  there are several new problems : - market analysis . 
  [ the media have gotten better at analysing what kind of shit flies best ] ( https://www.smbc-comics.com/?id=3453 ) , which means they do n't need to err on the side of good journalism as much . 
  news corporations have been allowed to unify into a much smaller number of national or usually international consortiums , which have a unified political opinion throughout . 
  - filter bubbles . 
  content providers have gotten better at making a pre-selection of available options , which is used for profit and often combined with ads , partnership deals , etc. 
  in practice this means people tend to be put in the same bucket based on relatively few personal parameters and people do n't tend to find much information from outside that bucket . 
  a majority of the german middle class happens to be in a bucket where being positive about immigration is profitable , and journalists know it , and the journalists ' bosses know it . 
  so journalists who are inclined to be positive about immigrants are put on this job , while ones who are negative get offered jobs at different companies , and ones who are insightful get offered jobs as market analysts , writers , politicians or whatever instead . 
  nobody betrays their principles , people are just good at their jobs in an amoral capitalist system which caters to mere humans . 
  so journalists should n't restrict themselves to interviews with refugees if they want to avoid being biased . 
  if there 's anything the past year has taught us , it 's that being in the same country does not grant people significantly improved ability to assess whether a certain political opinion can be taken seriously . 
  by restricting free discourse even more ? 
  put bernie and wikileaks in the slow lane ? 
  everything should be possible in a democracy , given sufficient democratic momentum . 
  if everybody agrees that something is an improvement , there should n't have to be a * de jure * revolution to enact that improvement . 
  it does make sense to put the trias politica behind greater protection than a simple majority law . 
  in the netherlands , for example , article 117 of the constitution specifies that only death , age , and being fired on the order of a judicial court can remove a high judge from office . 
  this means you need either a 2/3 majority in house and senate , a corrupted lower judiciary , or a transparently malicious interpretation of the constitution to do what the polish government is doing . 
  yeah , like socialism or anarchism or the european union . 
  his point is that people like you seem to ignore that the former practically implies the latter . 
  indeed it has n't . 
  dozens of people have been assaulted by white aryan christian cis-gendered heterosexual males for political reasons . 
  several mosques have gone up in flames . 
  the scale goes all the way to literally hitler . 
  why would n't norway let him out if he has sat out the required sentence and he has deradicalised to the point that he no longer appears to be a risk to society ? 
  that seems barbaric . 
  your brand of justice ruins societies . 
  it 's much easier to damage than to heal , to offend or take offense than to forgive , and perpetuate a cycle of hate and violence . 
  we 're not giving the radical right a martyr . 
  we take the moral high ground . 
  how are you supposed to determine that , if not by honestly trying for a while ? 
  as far as i know , psychology has problems making any high-confidence predictions . 
  it 's [ accurate/truthful , but not precise ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accuracy_and_precision ) .
