  sure , it is probably unrealistic to demand this , because people everywhere are lazy cowards who all too easily wash their hands of the suffering of others , but that does n't mean it is n't * right * . 
  true , booing singers probably wo n't incite them to make the good choice - denouncing russia 's actions on live international television - but that does n't mean they are n't responsible for not speaking up when they had the opportunity . 
  you have a responsibility to keep your government in line . 
  you , the russian people , are by far in the best position to change putin 's behavior , and the behavior of the government in general . 
  the best we can do is cut economic ties and promise mutually assured destruction . 
  yes , it is hard , and sorry we ca n't do much to help , but if you do n't take responsibility for trying to defuse this situation , no sane man can . 
  grumbal talked about east ukraine . 
  spin0 about ukraine as a single unit . 
  spin0 's unspoken assumption is that eastern ukrainians have sufficient knowledge of the situation to realise that choosing to stay with ukraine is likely to mean joining the eu 's side , and that their statement that they prefer to stay with ukraine is made in knowledge of that fact . 
  ukraine is n't an ally , and as far as i can tell their pro-russian president was fairly elected . 
  the active protesters only are about 1 % of the population , and it makes sense that western media would overestimate how much of the population approves of the west . 
  i 'm not confident that if we go in there and mess stuff up as much as we ( the coalition of the willing ) did in iraq , we 'll be seen in any better light . 
   i 'm sure we have some kind of protocol for that . 
  yes . 
  generally you either give the hostage-takers what they want ( leave ukraine ) , or you try to take them out ( start global thermonuclear war ) . 
  otherwise , you 've got to prevent yourself from getting into that mess in the first place . 
   but maybe recalling everyone from russia would be a sufficient move . 
  that would make a clear message . 
  specifically : `` to hell with world peace '' . 
  because that 's what the olympic games symbolise . 
  the russians already have 26,000 troops in sevastopol , mostly marines and navy personnel . 
  at the first word of western mobilisation , they 'll quickly move more of their armies the 300-1000 km from moscow and the rest of southern russia by trains built especially for this purpose and stand ready to defend the democratically elected administration . 
  also they 'll arrest every nato member in russia ( including sochi ) and quite possibly use them as hostages . 
  if , by some gross failure of their intelligence agencies , they fail to anticipate this declaration of war against their neighbour , they will have no reason to back down , and will arm the pro-government side ( several million people ) as heavily as they can . 
  imagine vietnam , except with better-armed opponents . 
  good luck trying to deprive them of their supply routes when there 's a thousand-mile border with an enemy you ca n't fight ( unless you 're willing to go so far as to assume they wo n't fire their nukes even if they get attacked . 
  but then , why not just invade russia ? ), 
  either way , you 've just restarted the cold war with a vengeance , ensured the deaths of hundreds of thousands , and reduced ukraine to somewhere between a police state and complete civil war . 
   or just the same shitty result if you do nothing but that 's not true . 
  the shittiness can range all the way from `` yet another dictatorship '' - which the usa has been willing to * cause and uphold * for the sake of increasing their local power ( see nicaragua , iran , saudi arabia , etc. ), 
  - to restarting the cold war by arming both sides of a civil war . 
  the only way this can end relatively non-shittily is if the russians back down because they realise we 're willing to escalate further than them , before the actual escalation takes place . 
  a half-hearted bluff , like exercising the eu 's soft power without being willing to fund the opposition if shit goes down , will be seen through immediately and be responded to in kind , which is shittier for everyone . 
  and an actual cold war , regardless of the victor , is pretty shitty as well . 
  on the other hand , a cold war would be preferable to a slowly expanding unchecked russia , analogous to the western appeasement policy against the nazis , though that begs the question whether the russians would stop on their own . 
  so , the issue comes down to this : do we want to antagonise the russians now and return to a cold war political atmosphere , or do we prefer to wait , at the risk of antagonising them anyway years later , when they 're in a stronger position ? 
  and then the russians escalate in turn by subsidising the government and accusing the west of imperialism , or something similar . 
  good intentions do not necessarily make a good governor , and fractions do not necessarily make an impotent democracy . 
  power corrupts and `` benevolent dictators '' have rarely been good news . 
  yes , a benevolent and competent dictator would be better than an ineffectual democracy , but history shows humanity is terrible at putting such people in power and filtering out the bad . 
  the marginal increase of freedom from having 1/50 ,000 th-1 / 1,000,000,000 th of a vote is negligible next to the changes because of laws themselves . 
  a government you do n't have a say in which has your best interests at heart is infinitely better than a government you have a minuscule say in which is actively opposed to your interests . 
  while in general it can be worrisome to hand over control to a more global government with somewhat unpredictable allegiance ( e.g. 
  the eu or un ) , in this case we have more specific information , namely that the choice is between sovereignty and the recognition of human rights by the ruling body . 
  i do n't think you can map this to earthquake hazards . 
  groningen ( the north-eastern part of the netherlands ) has far more earthquakes than the southern netherlands because the ground is sinking because of gas mining . 
  is n't the nuclear deterrent sufficient to prevent war with russia even if they had any intention to invade europe ? 
  [ that 's not true ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6a/1984_fictitious_world_map_v2_quad.svg ) . 
  the bigger issue would be including south and central america , ireland , and south africa . 
  in that case , can we demand zuckerberg 's extradition under the same charges ? 
  and if that 's the case , ca n't we apply that to the ceos of apple , microsoft , google , et al. 
  as well ? 
  that does n't make the daily mail any less shit . 
   shrink very poor choice of words . 
  why would `` muslim '' be wrong but `` pakistani '' a-okay ? 
  obviously , assuming that gang was indeed entirely pakistani , both are equally true . 
  so jews and possibly christians should be banned too , because of their holy texts ? 
  so what you 're saying is that the migrants will become [ dons sunglasses ] ... migratory . 
  you do n't give local people enough credit . 
  they were n't isolated island animals who had never seen human intrigue before , they had centuries-long history of warfare and politics and deception . 
  locals did n't serve colonials because they were amazed by christendom or something , they served because it gave them wealth , power , security , luxury , or just because they did n't want to be robbed of their lands , persecuted , enslaved , and/or driven to extinction when another tribe took the deal . 
  colonial regimes did n't fall because of rebellions - those were suppressed easily enough in the olden days - they fell because of human rights concerns . 
  no longer being willing to wipe out whole villages because they refused to give the location of a traitor , or make a visceral example of a rebel leader , that sort of thing . 
  it was also the primary scientific language up till 1750 or so , partially because science was an international network of scholars . 
  colonisation worked before , with not a lot of colonist casualties . 
  as for damage , it 's not like there 's a labor shortage in a refugee dump , and any extra refugees who enter your country because of this definitely can fit in the country they left . 
  the larger problems would be whether we 're willing to be cruel enough to maintain order ( doubtful ) and the relationship with china ( and russia ) . 
  or just try to find the lowest bidder which is still safe . 
  that did n't work when they were ` assigned to ' countries outside schengen and had actual border guards and threats of starvation , suffocation or drowning between them and their targets . 
  what 's germany going to do if a migrant refuses to stay in poland ? 
  reluctantly provide for them again ? 
  100,000 is n't exactly a small city . 
  it 's large enough to be a regional capital with its own university/college , making it a plausible collection point for white collar jobs ( which attracts service jobs as well ) . 
  where i live , a city with 35000 inhabitants , immigrants are about ten times less common than in the major cities . 
  [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sexual_selection_in_human_evolution#sexual_anatomy ) . 
  breasts contain far more fat than they should for purposes of storage , and no other apes have large breasts when not lactating . 
  they 're used to signal sexual fortitude , like peacock 's feathers , a bird 's plumage , etc. 
  explaining these things is one of the key strengths of the theory of darwinist evolution . 
  ( versus lamarckist evolution or theories of static species ) . 
  i should point out that human lips . 
  male facial hair patterns , and irises are also sex objects under this definition . 
  my point with the breasts is that the asymmetry makes sense . 
  how much the severity makes sense is better answered with the general ickiness question . 
  blood may contain living diseases ( including stds ) , but spitting in public is actually legal . 
  in the city centres of amsterdam , london and paris ( do n't remember elsewhere ) , the roads are positively caked with chewing gum , all of which contained spit when originally spewed . 
  the bottoms of school desks and chairs in the high school i attended also had loads of chewing gum on them . 
  it 's not so much that we associate it with sex as that we require it to be purposeful . 
  you 're naked ( partially ) to prevent your clothes from getting wet while washing , or to change out of your clothes , or because you lack clothes , or to have sex , masturbate , defecate , cause a reaction in others , etc. . 
  when we see a naked person near a playground , we simply ask the question `` why '' , and by the above list , the possible answers are all quite icky and wrong . 
  i agree , places where people urinate give off a certain strong smell , and i would not want to sit on pissed on ( or spit on ) furniture , but both of these are merely subjective standards which are held by most of the population . 
  in medieval cities everybody threw their shit and piss out of the window into the streets , so clearly people can adapt to the smell . 
  maybe urine does stain and chemically damage clothing , so that 's fair enough , but spit is just water and enzymes which break down starch and complex sugar . 
  so spitting on furniture and pissing on the ground should be okay if mere * ickiness * ca n't be enough . 
  i 'm not sure if having someone masturbate at you is harmless . 
  it does n't feel harmless , but i doubt there 's been psychological research in that regard . 
  so for now let me just say : * eww * . 
  rape is one of the most natural things in the world . 
  obviously we should penalise natural actions if they are harmful . 
  just thought of something : masturbation is n't unhygienic either . 
  so would you decriminalise public masturbation ?
