  i 'll stick with `` probably is , but not more so than anyone we could replace her with , '', 
  the system did n't give the people too much power , the tories did . 
  they promised to uphold the results of the referendum even though they never hoped a brexit would occur , preventing the normal checks and balances of having politicians decide to overrule the people 's opinion in a non-binding referendum . 
  unless you 're arguing against any sort of democracy whatsoever . 
  in which case , i think you 're overestimating the ability of experts to resist corruption . 
  no institution in the history of humanity has resisted corruption when given political power , and the current political elite sure as hell are n't exceptions . 
  it is often said that democracy is the worst form of government , except all the others that have been tried . 
  socrates is the earliest person i know of that i would describe as ` politically incorrect ' . 
  maybe asia has earlier examples , but socrates deliberately defied socio-political conventions and standards and was disliked by many because of it . 
   the countries with largest amount of remittances as a percentage of gdp are the worst ones . 
  ( see : bosnia , moldova ... ) that correlation also makes sense the other way around , with the worst countries being the ones people least like to live in , therefore causing a relatively large fraction to seek employment elsewhere . 
  they could make an exception . 
  national accession is n't incredibly common , and a region being forced to leave when it does n't want to is quite unprecedented . 
  it would save the scottish people a lot of hardship if they could always remain eu citizens . 
  if scotland has to be independent and outside the eu for a while , that puts them ( along with all eu citizens in scotland ) in an awful position in the interim , and the eu accession deal could fall though leaving scotland royally screwed . 
  since spain can just veto scotland 's access , this would leave scotland at the spanish ' mercy . 
  imo a lack of political evolution . 
  a single cross-continential state is harder to change and more ` too big to fail ' than dozens of smaller countries . 
  it seems extremely unlikely that democracy designed within the limits of 150 year old technology somehow happens to be the best form of government there ever could be . 
  by allowing individual nations to prosper or fall depending on the differences in government , there 's an evolutionary pressure towards competence and an easier way to compare different approaches . 
  another point is cultural variety . 
  when nations become open and freedom of movement becomes a matter of course , all cultures start blending into one another . 
  this has its upsides , but it also has its downsides because cultural variety is beautiful . 
  cultures may also evolve similarly to governments , and the current amount of cultural cross-pollination causes everyone to coalesce around a single universal culture rather than explore as many avenues as there used to be explored . 
  ` modern art ' , for example , is very similar in style the world round , compared to hundreds of different worldwide styles in the 17th century . 
  nb these are mere arguments , not endorsements of the conclusion . 
  the benefits of a larger government are myriad , and its downsides could partially be addressed through policy decisions ( like encouraging competition within the sciences and arts and doing social-political experiments ) unfortunately many of those things would never be within the political influence of the common voter ( your vote is fully determined with about three ` key issues ' , if the extant parties even disagree on an issue you care about ) , while eu opt-in/opt-outs are definitely possible . 
  opposition to the superstate is not necessarily opposition to any superstate , it could just mean that people are hoping out for a better deal . 
  that 's what quiet judgmentalism means . 
  no , [ you 're obviously troy ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/where_troy_once_stood ) . 
  featuring nicola sturgeon as helena . 
  scotland and northern ireland are two examples of possible referenda which are n't based on countries . 
  well , not equal . 
  english is closer to certain languages than others , and the inhabitants of smaller countries are more likely to have english as a well-developed second language than larger ones . 
  france would take it harder than the netherlands , that 's for sure . 
  your media ? 
  the media you consume ? 
  the media specifically meant to inform and deceive you ? 
  the media funded by your government and advertisers to cater to consumers like yourself ? 
  that media ? 
  yes , kronk , that media . 
  how are people within the party chosen ? 
  the us has fptp , but trump managed to break through by usurping the republicans . 
  would she really be politically better off as the woman who went against 52 % of the british public , than as the leader who lead her nation to independence as the parent nation ruined itself ? 
  in the weimar republic , people started celebrating war and believing in a backstab myth less than a generation after ww1 . 
  i doubt leave would learn to appreciate being out so much as they would find new ways to blame the eu and political establishment . 
  or they would die of old age . 
  have you eaten well ? 
  you sound a bit hungry , threatening violence and all sorts of unseemly things . 
  you see , ` adults ' usually do n't throw temper tantrums when they do n't get their way . 
  they 're also usually respected more and more easily listened to , so i admit it 's unfair and annoying that you have to claw yourself out of a position of being distrusted , but if you want people to respect you the only way is to earn it . 
  which can get especially annoying on the internet where 90 % of conversations last less than eight exchanges , but realise that each comment is just your contribution to a larger exchange they have with many other people . 
  every time you leave a nasty comment , hundreds of people get a small amount of evidence to associate your apparent political position with nastiness . 
  which i suppose you could consider fine if you only care about getting your way and expressing your emotions , rather than more precise consequences . 
  i 'd be disappointed in you , but i would still love you anyway . 
  do you think great britain will threaten to leave nato or the un security council ? 
  if not , what more do we need from you ? 
  more to the point , what is the marginal benefit of treating you more nicely ? 
  britain has always complained and threatened and required bargaining to convince , while being aligned with eu/western interests by default so it does n't happen often . 
  the only leverage you have is promises and threats , and the words of perfidious albion carry relatively little weight . 
  so unless your next prime minister runs on a campaign of leaving nato and allying himself with putin , i do n't think your comment contains much for us to be worried about . 
  for clarity , the same is true the other way around : certain eu industries are dependent on british exports , like airplane manufacture . 
  while the impact on the eu would be smaller in proportion to its overall economy , it too would be pretty huge . 
  go ahead , if you truly think it 's better for you . 
  if regular people do n't know shit about it , is n't that proof that it fails in its function to inform the consumer ? 
  there 's also the matter of it being almost entirely ineffectual in actually preventing the alleged social harm of tracking cookies . 
  it would be like if they cancelled doing quality controls on foods , and instead said `` warning : this food consists of various chemicals . 
  by eating it , you accept to enter these chemicals into your body '' . 
  a bureaucrat mostly has allies within the bureaucracy . 
  a politician mostly has allies in the form of lobbyists and other politicians , and has to worry more about public image and reelection . 
  a boring bureaucrat climbs the ranks . 
  a boring politician gets voted out . 
  is vindictiveness really worth billions of euros and tens of thousands of jobs , especially when half the people you punish are innocent ? 
  [ monty python did it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9i25gzxqf2w&amp;t=42 ), 
  i do n't know about scotland , but in the case of the nukes that totally are n't in our country , they 're guarded by american soldiers and have americans manning the base . 
  how about more international fishing quotas ? 
  will england just stop caring about environmental sustainability and try to fish its waters empty ? 
  i mean , you 're within your rights to do so . 
  it would be an insult against every nation of the atlantic , but it 's not like you 're starved for friends , right ? 
  eu membership puts limits on how far nations are allowed to sink . 
  right now the countries you name all have their own niche in financial advantages ( which is why companies often have to have shell companies in several of those countries ) , and some niches are unoccupied because eu regulations prevent them . 
  so instead of competing with ireland and the netherlands c.s. , england is now competing with the likes of the cayman islands , switzerland , monaco , and thailand . 
  as far as i understand it , the 2 years of negotiation only start once article 50 is invoked . 
  technically , since the uk is an independent entity , the referendum 's result does n't give the eu any power to end the relationship , only the uk government can do that . 
  so if the uk government chooses to delay the request to leave , that could extend the deadline indefinitely . 
  they could even choose to disregard the referendum after all , and never officially request to leave . 
  ( this may cause chaos within the uk , but no eu procedure would be violated ) . 
  the reason why delaying is bad is because it causes economic uncertainty , which make investments in any european business venture less attractive , which causes a recession with increased bankruptcies and lost jobs and lower interest rates . 
  britain could threaten to delay , similar to greece/varoufakis ' strategy a while back . 
  a game of chicken where the country stands to lose a lot more , but is hoping the eu cares more about not taking damage than about getting a fair deal . 
  the eu held firm in that case , and got a favourable deal out of it , so i would bet that they 'll manage to make britain flinch first too . 
  clever use of regions over districts and a binary coloring to make their point seem stronger than it is . 
  because they do n't feel represented by existing parties , would be my guess . 
  it 's a conclusion , you amateur . 
  hey , at least you have strategic natural resources like oil and gas . 
  while they soon wo n't . 
  ah , but you forget - those military aged men were brown . 
  britain is white . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ [ related_xkcd ] ( https://xkcd.com/966/ ), 
  either it is about the nation having control of its own destiny , or it is about the citizens having control of their own destiny .
