  if people damaged your mode of transportation while you 're trying to get to work ? 
  is n't the port of calais french territory ? 
  any crimes committed occur in france and are therefore under french jurisdiction . 
  and yes , you can certainly force people to stay in france . 
  criminals with citizenship are n't allowed to flee the county , so why not criminals without citizenship ? 
  europe has prided itself on its aversion to violence . 
  the last effective ` securing of borders ' , the iron curtain , is a cornerstone in the propaganda narrative of freedom , equality and brotherhood , the pursuit of happiness , etc. 
  because it turns out those countries are dicks and giving them money likely would n't help the refugees at all . 
  assuming you guys are telling the truth , it appears the belgian media and government have exaggerated french complaints about molenbeek and presented them as more universally carries , in order to create a narrative where the molenbeek issue is one of other countries unfairly blaming belgium , rather than one of belgian failure to integrate . 
  belgium wanted talking points on molenbeek other than self-analysis , and they found french arrogance . 
  turks , like anyone , do n't like being offended . 
  maybe it would work better to focus on how we would be giving visas to the internationally recognised terrorist organisation pkk ? 
  more to the point , the notion that a water border is harder to defend/secure goes against all military theory and common sense . 
  it 's * hard * to cross water . 
  in case of the aegean , they need actual boats to do it . 
  which means that any would-be invasion requires loads of material , naturally clumps to predictable locations , and is generally slow-moving . 
  the problem is the eu is unwilling to actively defend borders . 
  even a fence was met with disapproval by the media for the first few months . 
  it 's inverse density . 
  number of people per redditor . 
  three years is also enough for new facts to arise . 
  syria is part of the arab spring , and for a moment people believed the revolutions in tunesia , libya and egypt would lead to modernisation and westernisation and competent democratic government . 
  changing their minds on the matter was sensible in light of new facts . 
  please actually read my comments before arguing against them . 
  what you 're confused about was already fully addressed in my first comment . 
  either the map was too poorly made to indicate the presence of people of germanic descent , or finns are germanic . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  there are three kinds of lies : lies , damned lies , and statistics . 
  the only thing easier than lying is lying using data derived from a noisy dataset through arcane means . 
  i do n't think it 's impossible to say who has germanic ancestry using their dna , i just do n't trust that source to be reliable . 
  if they 're willing to exclude the finns , why not the franks ? 
  afaik the franks , like the saxons and goths , were part of the great migration , and did move to france en masse . 
  they ruled over near every part of modern france under charlemagne , and his sons kept control over a fair bit . 
  that 's ... odd . 
  what happened to the franks ? 
  and since when are the norse germanic ? 
  retrieving the [ source ] ( http://www.eupedia.com/europe/maps_y-dna_haplogroups.shtml ) , the map seems very ad hoc in its construction , especially with its explicit exclusion of finnish sub-branches of otherwise entirely accepted branches , apparently solely for them being finnish . 
  it 's not a matter of blame , but of sustainability . 
  if we do n't compensate countries of origin for their investment in these people , they will cease to invest , either because they do n't want to continue operating such a major net loss , or because they become incapable as all wealth drains from their countries . 
  lack of opportunity - or perhaps rather the existence of greater opportunity in accessible destination countries - is indeed the cause , but creating opportunities there would require even greater expenditure on the eu 's part ^ 1 , be it through direct payment or by changing policies . 
  [ 1 ] there may be profitable investments , but those would be even more profitable if they did n't also have to optimise for providing opportunities in countries of origin , rather than the more sensible places . 
  baret is the dutch spelling . 
  pfeh , they only kill [ like 80 people per year ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capital_punishment_in_saudi_arabia ) . 
  they could keep going for 70 years and still not kill [ as many as the romans crucified in one day , once ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/appian_way#the_crucifixion_of_spartacus.27_army ) . 
  unless those salaries are taxed in their origin countries , fat lot that does to those origin countries ' economies , after they paid for education . 
  less than $ 300 / # 200 per person per year being given to other countries is n't nearly enough to explain the cuts to your public sector . 
  * that * can more readily be explained by your right wing government 's austerity measures . 
  which happened because the upper class felt * it was n't fair to them * to take their money and use it to fund your schools while their children ca n't even find good private tutors anymore . 
  which i suppose is a wholly consistent viewpoint ( libertarian economics , to be specific ^ 1 ) , if only you would n't complain about finding yourself on the short end of the stick along with the rest of the plebeians . 
  [ 1 ] though not to offend libertarians : libertarian economics is one of the better forms of low wealth distribution governance . 
  crony capitalism is much worse , and closer to reality ) . 
  the belgians and french are germanic too , you know . 
  that 's a common conspiracy theorist claim , and jews are disproportionately represented among powerful bankers , media magnates , and other high-level businesspeople , especially in the usa and israel . 
  ( in the latter case because the arab minority is underrepresented ) . 
  warnings are actual warnings : contacting the aircraft and telling them the intended response to their actions unless certain conditions are met . 
  if greece actually warned them , and did n't just engage in tactical manoeuvres to ` chase them off ' , they would indeed be within their rights to shoot down the turkish planes . 
  such is international law and such are nato guidelines . 
  ( presumably , given turkey is using it as a defence ) . 
  there is difference between the letter of the law and the practical application . 
  countries are n't required to interpret the law with any kind of mercy or favourable interpretation , though if they do act unfairly , that reflects poorly on any other international relations they maintain . 
  for example , we may not want the turks in the eu if we know they 're going to be picking their way through the ratification agreements looking for ways to maintain a system of cruelty , and them shooting down the plane is evidence towards that attitude . 
  at the current rate , that would be 2.3 million migrants by the end of 2016 . 
  taking the average rate of increase since last march ( which , extrapolating backward , would put the rate of migration last february at -10,000 per month ) , it would be 4.0 million . 
  the economic strain would be hard to differentiate from past austerity measures , for the population . 
  we 're already sustaining a large elderly population and corrupt upper class which are costing at least 10 % of gdp ; migrants would still ` only ' add 1-2 % to that . 
  it would be comparable to a recession , and those have n't set people rioting in the streets in the past . 
  the absolute number of migrants may increase rapidly , but it 's already beyond imagining , so unless you happen to live near a congregation area you may notice little , and if you 've chosen to be oblivious to the current crisis , you can easily continue on with your head stuck in the sand . 
  if it comes to a head in 2016 , it wo n't be because of economic or political necessity . 
  either politicians change their tune because of election prospects , autochthonous people start disruptive protests , or it just keeps on going and 3-8 million people flood into europe . 
  the nazis ruined it . 
  the last time it was used by people other than the nazis was the war for independence . 
  but more than one million in 10 years . 
  fwiw europe has already accepted hundreds of thousands over the course of the past couple of decades . 
  the crisis is a  20-fold increase in the rate compared to 5 years ago , not a completely new phenomenon . 
   the problem is that your interpretation of how to divide that spectrum is an a priori judgment . 
  which is none of the previously mentioned complaints . 
  do you retract those ? 
   you should gather more refined data and only make categories afterwards . 
  which is part of the original proposition :  i would first ask people across this spectrum whether they consider their part of the spectrum well represented , and then poll a different group . 
   now you just reiterate existing , entrenched positions . 
  polls exist to acquire knowledge of public opinion , not to direct it . 
  giving people the option between various extant positions is literally their purpose . 
   you should split all factors instead of combining them : the challenge was to formulate a better , 1-dimensional poll which produces unbiased results . 
  obviously more dimensions , and larger sample sizes which allow for iterated statistically significant tests , produce better ones , as surely as a movie contains more information than a single page of text . 
  to cut to the chase , however , you came here to verify your biases that people who oppose migration are unwashed barbarians , and to win back the lost standard of scientific superiority . 
  and indeed something more carefully formulated than a reddit reply to an insult may indubitably produce better results even with the same resources . 
  but that is not what your side lost on . 
  i do n't doubt there are skilled statisticians , reasoners , and pollsters in your midst , though your approach leaves little to be impressed by . 
  where you lost was in producing and later using a biased poll in an attempt to sway opinion . 
  not mere theory , but actual deception caught red-handed . 
  you want me to say my method is worse than can be put together with an hour of web browsing ? 
  sure . 
  you want to catch me in attempted deception ? 
  you 're going to be long waiting . 
   terrorism wo n't stop us from living . 
  those bullet holes would beg to differ . 
  i agree it 's a good cover , but it seems more like drunken obliviousness to the severity of the situation than `` going on living '' . 
  that is not your original complaint . 
  do you retract the claims that it 's not a spectrum , and that the existence of qualitative difference between different points of the spectrum is a problem and that the absence of mutual exclusivity is a problem ? 
   if you dictate the framework of the interpretation by constraining the answers to it , it will of course confirm your view and the questionnaire is pointless .
