  with the exception of hokkaido , japan has been a centralised state for a millennium , ruled top-down from cities , so all prefectures except hokkaido follow the same naming scheme and flag design reasoning , being based on the capital city of the prefecture more than other provincial features . 
  we did the same when it came to the province of utrecht , previously known as sticht . 
  it should . 
  it 's a serious commitment that will be painful to reverse . 
  considering how good the short-term effects of joining the eu are , it seems fair to throw some ominous shade over it , lest people feel betrayed later on . 
  there will be times you 're outraged that the eu requires you to do something . 
  there may be times when you wish you had never joined . 
  you are giving up autonomy to foreigners with a different culture and a different language in a grand experiment where nobody can say with reasonable certainty where we will be in a dozen years . 
  there are many open problems which threaten the future of the eu and the ability of its member nations to prosper . 
  the best path is not the one without problems or concerns , it is the one that still comes out on top after all the problems have been taken into account . 
   far more people would do it if the penalty was only 5 years . 
  while there may be exceptions , in most cases this has been proven false . 
  once you have condemned someone to death , they have no reason to go easy on you . 
  they will try to murder any cops you send after them if they are able , or commit any other crime that aids them in evading the law . 
  so the polish get to include all their territories , but the other countries only get to include their home territories and not the colonies which meet the same above criteria ( one vault , currency , king , capital , aristocracy , and parliament ) ? 
  seems fair . 
  many likable people are n't perfect , good , or even nice . 
  do n't confuse the two , or you 'll vote for likable politicians instead of good ones . 
  it means they need to be positively identify that someone is in danger , by sight or receive radio communications , before entering libyan waters . 
  otherwise the officer on board can judge that they entered libyan waters without proper cause and blacklist them . 
  instead of the ngos waiting 5km off the libyan coast for migrants , now they have to wait at least 22km off the coast . 
  why would you need to differentiate between the legal parents based on gender or sex in that case ? 
  you can still distinguish them by name , but why would an adoptive mother have more or fewer rights than an adoptive father ? 
  the same is true for french guiana and many other eu overseas territories . 
  browsers are a user interface for the internet . 
  you can download files without them , for example like [ this ] ( https://superuser.com/questions/59465/is-it-possible-to-download-using-the-windows-command-line ) . 
  the windows install cd could look for firefox at a fixed url , previously agreed upon with firefox , and download it normally . 
  this seems like a bad idea , though , because if firefox or microsoft go bankrupt and the url is taken over by others , the install cd becomes dangerous . 
  alternatively , there could be a version of firefox on the windows install cd . 
  you 're assuming greece would change its policies sufficiently to avoid future problems if it is simply forgiven . 
  the greeks elected an inexperienced and idealistic socialist government when it was time to negotiate the crisis . 
  while i do n't know enough about their policies to judge in that regard , varoufakis did lead them into a game of chicken with their debtors , trying to use bankruptcy as a threat to force germany to pay barely reduced greek pensions , rather than negotiate anything productive . 
  ( if i remember correctly ) . 
  greece used fraud to get into the eu , used fraud to build up a debt it could not pay off , and threw a fit when their debtors did n't just bail them out for free . 
  somehow , i do n't trust them to make financially sound decisions on their own in the near future , and luckily we have the economic leverage to force them to enact halfway decent policies . 
  brexit muddies the last year 's data , and trying to extrapolate an economic trend from a single year 's financial data is a crapshoot in most circumstances . 
  [ going by this more precise data on the same website , available over a longer period ] ( http://www.nationwide.co.uk/about/house-price-index/house-price-calculator#tab:housepricecalculator ) , london housing prices increased 5 % between q1 2016 and q1 2017 , and decreased 0.13 % between q1 2017 and q2 2017 . 
  london housing prices went up 63 % between q1 2012 and q1 2017 , and 425 % from q1 1990 , double the rate of the uk in general , while [ inflation ] ( http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/education/pages/resources/inflationtools/calculator/default.aspx ) from 1990 to 2016 was 109 % . 
  in hindsight , high inflation and lower housing prices make sense over the last year because brexit decreases the demand for british houses somewhat , and is set to increase the cost of eu goods resulting in them being bought now at a higher price rather than later at an even higher price . 
  lots of rich people live in london in order to be close to the centre of eu commerce . 
  when london ceases to be that centre , those rich people will leave , and demand for expensive housing and products in london will drop . 
  this will lead to a collapse of the london real estate bubble which has been building up for over a decade . 
  this means real estate companies will see a major and unexpected reduction in profit , which could result in them going under entirely , or at least cutting back on maintenance . 
  it also means that any companies that cater to the upper class will see a reduction in profits , because there are simply fewer interested people . 
  they too will be forced to reduce their prices and quality , reduce the size of their shops , or just leave certain london branches altogether . 
  this means that many buildings in london will be empty , broken up and repurposed for lower class living , and/or be maintained less well than they are currently . 
  upper class services will become less common , which include expressions of culture and art . 
  by any definition , this seems to be a decline . 
  london will probably recover in a decade or two , but it will decline for now . 
  could you perhaps indicate a subreddit or thread or forum that * is * the place for discussion of genocides or other controversial-to-doubt topics , as far as you are concerned ? 
  doing so would change this policy from censorship ( which is fine on a private forum , but will only galvanise honest deniers ) to compartimentalising ( which at least provides an opportunity to correct opinions that are so wrong that you do n't want them to be spoken in this thread ) . 
  from what i understand , it was in new zealander waters . 
  if the french could even get an armed french vessel to the ship quickly , it would be visible to the new zealanders who could send their own coast guard to stop the french from committing the crime . 
  and ` archduke ' is a title of the heir apparent , like a title of the heir apparent of the uk is ` prince of wales ' . 
  reminds me more of medieval attempts at perspective . 
  to be more precise , people who enjoy not separating between sending a political message and pure vandalism . 
  europe is a paradise of well-organised social services and liberal attitudes , only marred by the evils of american capitalism . 
  lim n -  0 of n/n = 1, 
   politisch-motivierte-kriminalit\u00e4t so why are n't they included in this graph ? 
  fwiw , these are the full statistics : crime | left | right | foreign | other | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | total | 9389 ( 23 % ) | 23555 ( 57 % ) ^ 1 | 3372 ( 8.1 % ) | 5233 ( 13 % ) | violent offense | 1702 ( 39 % ) | 1698 ( 39 % ) | 597 ( 14 % ) | 314 ( 7.3 % ) | battery | 916 ( 30 % ) | 1393 ( 47 % ) | 471 ( 16 % ) | 192 ( 6.5 % ) | attempted homicide | 6 ( 15 % ) | 19 ( 46 % ) | 16 ( 39 % ) | ? 
  | successful homicide | 0 | 1 ( 33 % ) | 2 ( 67 % ) | 0 | [ 1 ] includes expressions of nazism ( total percentages do not sum to 100 % due to rounding ) . 
  i do not know the exact definition of ` foreign ' politics . 
  according to wikipedia , 19 % of germans are not ethnic germans , which would put the total crime statistic far below average . 
  however , i doubt that a dutch person drawing a swastika would get counted as ` foreign ' rather than ` right-wing ' . 
  11 % of germans are not ethnically from current eu member states , and 7.8 % are not ethnically european . 
  if there are patterns in criminality , we can leverage those patterns into more effective policing . 
  this data shows that the pattern is not `` only side x does it '' , like some people have suggested , so their proposed method of shifting acceptable political opinions in the opposite direction would not work to reduce politically motivated crime . 
  also , if you find that your news sources report on politically motivated crime at a different rate than this , you can use that to infer their possible biases . 
  it seems statistically weird for there to be a battle with 100,000 men on one side , but for a battle with 20,000 or more on one side to be rare enough to be ` one of the biggest ' . 
  let 's say there have been a billion battles with 1 man or more on either side in the described period . 
  if we then draw a logarithmic line between that data-point and 1 battle with 100,000 men , we get about 20 battles with 20,000 men or more . 
  is peru ` one of the largest countries in the world ' ? 
  you are free to provide more rigid evidence for your claim , but the burden of proof is now definitely on you , if it was n't clear that it was on you from the start . 
  the point is to determine which was worse . 
  the past sucks , that 's a given ( they do n't even have wi-fi ) , but was al-andalus disproportionately good or not ? 
   quite pathetic , to be honest . 
  but evidently effective on stupid , weak and poor people , who see his behaviour as ` being genuine ' . 
  tl ; dr accelerationism their work benefits the current economic system and overlords . 
  they are either morally complicit to the misdeeds of the capitalist/globalist system , or they are pawns that need to be shocked out of their complacency . 
  if the first , they deserve it , case closed . 
  if they are pawns , there are limited options for making them see the light . 
  propaganda has been tried for decades , to little effect [ because their ideas are wrong ] . 
  proof by example is sabotaged by foreign intervention , the unwillingness by nations to give up power , and misinterpretations of the proper way to enact the ideology . 
  so that leaves force , the last refuge of the incompetent . 
  there is n't enough force to keep away the enemy ( unlike with isis ) , but there is enough to sabotage . 
  terrorism , even if it 's just destruction of property , has a way of getting in the minds of people much better than propaganda . 
  you probably know more about the violent sects of islam than about entire peaceful religions . 
  and it does n't just remind people of the existence , it also destabilises the existing system . 
  people become afraid or disenfranchised or ostracised . 
  pushed outside of their comfort zone , which opens them up to opposition to the system , which these radical political minorities require . 
  and if the entire system collapses because of the instability , that gives a much better opportunity for anarchism to grow too . 
  yeah . 
  what we 're going for is riots across the country and shootouts between police and people who believe they 're being victimised , like in the us . 
   property reeeeee ( i do n't think anarchists or communists respect property rights awarded through the current economic system ) . 
  this is something i would trust the free market on . 
  if the cost of shipping pork across the world is significant , people wo n't buy the way more expensive goods from across the world . 
  if the cost is not significant , why worry about it ? 
  the nazis were rather violent towards the native slavs in ukraine and russia , afaik . 
  were they actually kinder to the baltic states ( on level with the occupied germanic nations in western europe ) , or do you just not know your history ? 
  like it or not he is the highest representative of our benevolent ^ 1 and strategically important ally , the usa .
