   which country would lead this army ? 
  none . 
  high command would be a european institution . 
  the mission may not be supported by all eu members , but their soldiers and officers would not sit out because they are not in the employment of the country . 
  similar to the french foreign legion . 
   what if france wants to do something with a few thousand troops but germany is against it ? 
  france makes a request to eu parliament . 
  countries vote . 
  if a certain threshold of votes is reached ( 30 % ? 
  ) , the capabilities of the entire armed forces are turned towards that goal as necessary , and the budget demands on the countries whose meps supported the employment is increased to bear the majority ( 80 % ? ), 
  of the cost of the mission . 
  if a higher threshold of votes is reached ( 50 % ? 
  ) , the costs are spread evenly across all members . 
  are there signs of stalin-grade purges ? 
  or has he so far restricted himself to bodyguards and other people with little meritocratic importance ^ 1 and/or just firing people ? 
  [ 1 ] compared to military officers , senior bureaucrats , etc. 
  good point . 
  the people who are politically in the right are n't necessarily in the right in every single instance . 
  while erdogan is a dictator and the kurds are being repressed , we ca n't use that to waive ` innocent until proven guilty ' for his lackeys . 
  a smooth metal pan which can survive cooking ( necessary for a flat ` mirror egg ' ) might be harder to make and more expensive in materials than a polished smooth copper plate . 
  they could probably boil eggs for longer , or even make omelettes , but a mirror egg pretty much requires a pan that is basically an extra sturdy mirror . 
   is a single satellite capable of multitasking for the whole south east europe ? 
  yes . 
  we 're able to cut the radio spectrum into millions of very narrow frequency bands . 
  all radio is em waves which move at the speed of light . 
  all the frequencies are emitted together from the same dish , which means the em amplitude it emits is making a very weird wave which pretty much looks like noise . 
  however , if you preform fourier analysis on that entire wave when you receive it , you can read each emitted frequency back ^ 1 . 
  a single person has a single frequency alotted to them , so by turning that particular frequency on and off temporarily , you can send data for that specific person . 
  the frequency is in the gigahertz , so you can turn it on or off a hundred million times per second ( 10mb/s ) and it 's still distinguishable . 
  the data can be intercepted by literally anyone in europe , but so can the copper or glass fiber internet outside your house if they put their backs into it , which is why all the data is always encrypted . 
  oldschool antennae exist to increase the volume of metal that resonates with the signal in the same moment in the signal ( despite light speed and wiring delays ) . 
  a parabolic dish pointed at the source can use the signal from the entire surface of the dish , but an old-fashioned stick radio antenna which is n't pointed just the right way sums from different moments in the signal , creating noise and requiring more signal strength . 
  however , modern mobile phones have multiple sensors and software which allow them to infer the direction of the signal , compensate for delays , and therefore use the entire volume of the metal in the phone as a precisely-tuned antenna . 
  which is why you can have a million people 's internet in the same spectrum bandwidth that earlier would have fit a handful of radio stations . 
  the rest is `` just '' a regular old 21st century supercomputer-server in geostationary orbit . 
  wifi , mobile phonecalls , am radio , and the lofar radio telescope work the same way . 
  automatically connecting cable telephones and internet probably work the same with respect to fourier analysis , though they use the frequency of alternating current rather than electromagnetic waves . 
  fm radio works by shifting a single peak of the frequency spectrum up or down slightly without modifying the amplitude . 
  [ 1 ] in practice , receivers are tuned into a single frequency band , and unable to collect the other signals concurrently . 
  lofar does tune into a wide range of frequencies , and it takes terabytes per second and an array that stretches a continent to get legible results at every frequency . 
  merkel 's party is the christian democratic union which have been heads of government for over a decade . 
  they 're very competent ( which is why they keep getting re-elected ) , but they still have christian values . 
  games companies have realised that , for triple a games at least , if you delay a game by a few days , the number of sales drop significantly - way more than if you release an incomplete game ten years in a row . 
  people stop being hyped up ( or you need to spend millions more on marketing ) , rival games with a similar tech level come out , the season changes so fewer people are buying , etc. 
  so they have a choice - make a game right , or make millions of dollars more for less work , and sell the fix as dlc besides . 
  i mean , sure , you have morals , but are you really going to turn down a million dollars ( as head of development ) given willingly and knowingly by an audience that kind of hates your guts regardless ? 
  outside of triple a , this is n't true , and what you say is n't true . 
  steam sales , bundles , or just lower prices right out the gate mean that gaming is cheaper than ever . 
  it also makes sense if you acknowledge that single individuals are often trying to win the argument , rather than defend a single consistent position . 
  people are much better at rationalising for a certain side than trying to rationally arrive at a possibly uncomfortable truth - which is why we have an adversarial court system , political parties , a scientific method which severely limits novel reasoning in favor of empirical evidence , etc. 
   basically , the holocaust deniers have in common that they ignore quite substancial amount of evidence that point in the opposit direction , either claim they are forged or so on . 
  there 's a big moral difference between ignoring evidence and claiming conspiracy . 
  conspiracies by governments to fabricate or hide evidence for major events do exist ( according to the western historical narrative , if you 're being paranoid ) , like in soviet russia , china , postwar japan , etc. 
  many totalitarian regimes construct narratives of `` established facts '' which are n't actually true ( including potemkin villages or similar-sized regions built to maintain the lies ) , and freedom of speech exists to be able to break such narratives . 
   that said , yes , it was even acknwledge that the inclusing of this as a crime breaks part of the constitution , and it was argued by the idea that the basic law is a counter-concept of nazism , and the fact that germany did n't had many choice when this crime was established as it was demanded by the allied forces . 
  is the constitution not supposed to be an as accurate description of the basic principles necessary to have a moral society ? 
  either the constitution needs altering , or the law is morally wrong . 
  so which should we be offended by - the constitution or the law ? 
  i could buy begrudgingly accepting that you have to maintain an immoral law because of the threat of international reprisal , but if that were the case , then germany should be petitioning the allied powers for permission to have the law removed now that it seems to be trusted by most of the allies again . 
  i could buy acknowledging limits on free speech , but then the constitution should really have been fixed some time in the past 72 years . 
  if germany is so worried about people spreading disbelief of the holocaust , why not spend the resources that are currently spent investigating someone 's guilt , proving their ignorance instead ? 
  the dozens of man-hours spent on a single court case proving the perpetrator 's guilt could have been dozens of man-hours proving the perpetrator is wrong and/or an idiot . 
  it 's a violation of freedom of religion ; the state pressuring children into an endorsement of monotheism/christianity . 
  '' ( ( ( they ) ) ) '' = the jew , as in the nebulous conspiracy behind much of the world 's wealth and politics , as popularised by nazi propaganda . 
  [ are you sure about that ? 
  ] ( http://l7.alamy.com/zooms/032958980b794e8ab0697cf9bfca53fa/heraldry-coat-of-arms-holy-roman-empire-imperial-eagle-with-the-territory-gbebbm.jpg ), 
  un treaties are often about distant things . 
  stuff like migrant policy , russia or turkey would prompt much more variance . 
  are you opposed to a unitary state as well , or specifically a federation ? 
   a fact is only than prooven when everybody who actually worked on the subject and exmined the evidence agrees upon it . 
  considering how many holocaust deniers there are , how is this criterion defined ? 
  how do you check how many people agree on something when it is illegal ( and probably career suicide ) to express disagreement ? 
  more generally , how is one supposed to practically build a case against an ` established fact ' ? 
  are you allowed to let on that you do n't really believe in the holocaust as you gather evidence and funds to research it ? 
  or do people have to commit crimes to do any sort of collaborative research framed in that historical paradigm ? 
  or china or the us . 
  maybe the danes ? 
  see , eu immigrants * are * taking away valuable jobs from hardworking brits !, 
  considering brexit got a majority but the tories did n't , that seems unlikely . 
  you could make a genital check-up pseudo-mandatory , like vaccines . 
  if it 's actually child abuse , then a test which proves child abuse in about 3 % of cases when otherwise only 0.5 % would be caught seems very much worth it . 
  there are probably more europeans who have a circumcised penis for aesthetic reasons , and more for whom it 's medical reasons , than because they are jews . 
   try them for reckless endangerment . 
  and what sort of punishment should they get if they 're found guilty ? 
  is there any way this ends up worse for them than if they had obeyed the law and requested asylum while staying in eritrea ? 
  you 're confusing productivity with efficiency . 
  a robot that only works 7 hours per day is less productive than a robot that works 8 hours a day : it will produce less when given the same resources ( like education or healthcare ) . 
  the reality is that being in the eu is much better from an economic standpoint than being outside of it . 
  so if you leave , you 're experiencing massive economic damage . 
  if that causes you to feel like you 're being held hostage , there is n't anything we can reasonably do to stop you feeling that way . 
  it 's like a teenager throwing a tantrum about ` running away ' from their parents . 
  they 're angry , packing their bags , and suddenly they realise they do n't have money , food , or a place to stay . 
  is it then so important that the child does n't feel trapped that the parents should offer the child an allowance , and maybe to come by every once and a while to cook food or help with homework ? 
  or is it perfectly respectful to just play along with a hard ` exit ' as long as they want ? 
  ` trade barriers ' are just regular unprivileged access . 
  we would n't treat them any worse than we treat brazil . 
  we do n't need to give free food to someone else 's child , so why would we be supposed to give free food to a child that allegedly wants to disown us ? 
  the bill does n't really fit within the teenager analogy . 
  the united kingdom is able to consent , and has signed various treaties in which the uk promises to deliver various things of value to the eu . 
  leaving the eu implies reneging on those treaties , which means the uk either has to buy off those treaties or be known as a treaty-breaker .
