  about 1.3 million and counting . 
  about 4000 suspects , extrapolating from 2014 german data , but as the article shows most people get away without ever being charged , so probably closer to 10000-100000 , depending on whether you count behaviour between migrants in camps . 
  logically , losing 90 % of trade is worse than losing 30 % . 
  i agree such an embargo would be unfair and hypocritical , but i was predicting the american response , not assessing the likelihood . 
  about as legal as shooting cars on a highway . 
  that would be illegal . 
  i 'm saying that if the us were treated for its war crimes with the same severity as iran - that is to say an embargo by all its corrent major trading partners - the imminent threat to american military and economic superiority would probably be responded to with aggression which would probably escalate to nuclear war . 
  why do you keep talking about siblings ? 
  both / u/aidrocsid and i are primarily talking about parent-child relationships , which seem much more problematic than sibling relationships . 
  also consider that this is sweden . 
  `` fear of punishment '' is n't their goal with the justice system , as much as re-education , preventing recidivism , and moulding society to prevent crimes from taking place at all . 
  we 've got nukes , you figure it out . 
  would be interesting to see the tantrum that would follow . 
  pretty sure they would exterminate humanity , but still interesting . 
  any children born of an incestual union would be the victim , because of the inferior quality of their dna . 
  ten million people and not one person with the relevant fetish ? 
  seems unlikely . 
  also the child does n't have to be a blood relative ; it could be adoption . 
  as history abundantly demonstrates , no , not at all . 
  at least not after the first few . 
  from biblical jews to soviets and aztecs to the rape of nanking , killing of innocents has gone hand in hand with being a soldier for nearly all of human history , and in many cases the raping and pillaging has been soldiers ' most favorite element of their profession . 
  the mongol horde used to line up their army ( which pretty much equals their men ) and the civilians of a captured city block in front of them , and have all of them murder those civilans with swords . 
  imagine looking through their eyes as they stab a sullen and emotionally broken four year old child to death , now realise they did that about one per day on average over their lifetime , with pretty much every man participating gleefully . 
  realise that they too are human , not at all different from you in terms of psychology , and that there but for the grace of god goes you . 
  if you want to speak of morality , then the issue is not that simple , but to claim that humans are incapable of such a minor cruelty as killing an innocent at a distance is simply ludicrous . 
  we are all potential murderers , without exception . 
   and no european army in it 's right mind will gun down civilians trying to cross a border why ? 
  the iron curtain as a whole may also be a good example . 
  the berlin wall was a small section of heavily defended area , but the curtain was as long as many countries ' actual borders and similarly effective to the wall . 
  why yes , being delusional is the most likely explanation for an internet comment by someone you disagree with not posting sources . 
  frankly , the statement was based on memory , but based on your behavior i have no reason to believe you would n't dismiss actual publications as readily as you dismiss the sensibility of your fellow man , and i 'm no longer in the habit of spoonfeeding infants who actively resist . 
  look it up if you care . 
  hungarians stem from a steppe people who originated near the urals but moved to modern hungary in 895 . 
  their language did n't evolve in central europe , and they simply kept to themselves enough as a people to keep their language . 
  hungarians stem from a steppe people who originated near the urals but moved to modern hungary in 895 , so that 's just about correct . 
  that is something we ask of every police officer and every soldier , and indirectly of every politician and high-level bureaucrat ( for influencing policy whether it is acceptable for certain people to be shot ) . 
  any construction foreman or provider of transportation trades risk to life of his crew or client\u00e8le for profit , at a certain rate . 
  it 's something we applaud war heroes for . 
  hell , get yourself to a restricted military base and you may be shot for trespassing if capture is n't easier . 
  are there any politicians out there espousing a plan that works ? 
   given the right conditions can we remotely cause those conditions ? 
  fwiw the guy i responded to explicitly said ` compulsory ' . 
  afaik the only country which has had mandatory birth control has been leftist ( china ) . 
  as for a solution to migration , shooting all trespassers of european waters would be crude but effective . 
  over 3000 people have drowned trying to cross in 2015 , so we can set several thousand examples and still end up with a net decrease in lives lost . 
  do you have a plan for enforcing that which does n't involve taking over the world and/or establishing a totalitarian regime ? 
  even eliminating one of those requirements would be impressive , imo . 
  the germans and russians prove that it 's not very hard at all to fight an internal minority . 
  civil war requires the opposition to be almost as heavily armed , and armed resistance requires a population willing to give shelter and keep secrets on their behalf . 
  the surveilllance state should also make tracking much easier , as big data can identify possible sympathisants or even a change in behaviour characteristic of harboring resistance members . 
  in that case , no , and i do n't know but i do n't think so . 
   allegedly if you want someone to argue with , respond to the op with your new argument . 
  adult self-mutilation should be treated differently from child ( self - ) mutilation because of the legal fiction that adults know what they 're doing and can decide for themselves to a much larger extent than children . 
  circumcision itself does n't seem to go much further than other forms of body modification that are already legally allowed : liposuction , facelifts , prince alberts ( nsfw ) , forked tongues , african lip plates , etc. , and doctors would probably redirect you to plastic surgeons and other relevant specialists rather than outright refuse to deal with you . 
  circumcision has valid medical reasons , like phimosis . 
  regulation makes sense , banning does n't . 
  because , allegedly , the 1900s was the last time secular slaughterhouse practices were on par with halal or kosher in terms of how humane they were . 
  they are not refugees . 
  if they are detained , the french government is more responsible for their well-being and must also pay guards and other infrastructure to contain several thousand people . 
  deportation practically requires consent from the country that they 're deported to , which many origin countries are unwilling to give . 
  other countries might be willing , but only in exchange for a significant amount of money , and that would still leave france more responsible for their treatment because they forced those conditions upon them . 
  in short , there is a loophole in conventional morality where inaction is n't considered nearly as bad as mediocre action , which makes your solutions either not applicable or less politically beneficial for french leadership . 
  anti-discrimination , anti-criminality , and market guidance are generally accepted reasons . 
  except not really . 
  if you treat some crime with the harshest penalty , all crime beyond that point becomes free . 
  if you ruin someone 's career over being a criminal , the only career left to them is criminality . 
  studies clearly show that soft sentences work better to reduce crime . 
  the nice thing about living in the future is that we can be smart and pick a collection of values from any time up to that point . 
  our values appear to have been too soft to handle the migrant crisis , so there the solution should more closely resemble past principles , but why be tougher on crime when anyone who bothers to do the research can see that all that does is lead to more pain ? 
  ( the equations may be different when you can fully expel someone and their family from your country , but otherwise , you 're going to be stuck with the consequences ) . 
  you need to add [ http : / / ] ( http://www.kleinezeitung.at/s/steiermark/graz/4926474/index.do ) . 
  good luck establishing an even slightly fair , un-abusable , incorruptible , self-sustaining system of redistribution of wealth and other non-profit ethical goals for over ten thousand people without paperwork . 
  then the quotas can be increased , willing countries can take more than their required share , or refugees can face a similar problem now : of staying in the safe countries the camps are in ( turkey , mostly ) or illegally getting smuggled into europe and facing the consequences . 
  those consequences , imo , should be as lenient as it can be while still preventing a buildup of rejected or to-be rejected applicants , or somewhere between deportation to offshore camps in compliance with human rights and being shot as they try to cross the border . 
  also , since conditions in turkish refugee camps are better than in many malawi villages , i do n't consider there to be any moral obligation for the quota to be greater than 0 ( it may still be better than how some governments would otherwise spend their money , but that 's a far greater problem ) . 
  is it any better to elect workers who have never had to negotiate or consider issues where thousands of livelihoods are at stake ? 
  experience with the lower echelons of bureaucracy seem like just as good a place to extrapolate empathy from as any . 
  hell , being rich and reading books about poverty is sufficient grounds to be empathetic , if you so choose . 
  the problem is not an inability to understand , it is the choice not to , and the fact that that choice is rewarded . 
  \\  read out-of context quote which has no content other than a conclusion \\  complain about there being no content other than the conclusion much ado about nothing . 
  for it to be a ` dead end ' , it needs to be less pleasant than turkey and more difficult to leave for another eu country . 
  otherwise they 'll just form a calais jungle and try to set up a smuggling route to the contingent eu . 
  still , it could justify the figure and create some plausible deniability . 
  take it up with frontex . 
  ` protection ' is similarly vague , if you get down to it . 
  do you protect the status quo ? 
  do you reduce grave harm and make things flow more smoothly while ensuring the status quo ? 
  or do you protect a * new * ` fair ' situation , for some particular form of fairness ? 
  the curent plan appears to be ` protection ' by the second definition : eu-funded patrols of borders by rescue craft to ensure the safe passage of migrants , rather than any sort of blocking . 
  your example is not one of aiding terrorists , it is one of praise . 
  in the netherlands , that would lead to the criminal charge of ` sowing hatred ' , and our infamous politician geert wilders was charged with the same crime . 
  he was , however , never arrested , but merely expected to attend court . 
  he was later found innocent explicitly because * as a politician , it is his job to represent viewpoints that want to severely change the nature of the state * . 
  they recognise that arresting or locking up elected representatives for expressing the opinions of their electorate undermines democracy . 
  if that tweet is your example of `` getting caught aiding terrorists '' , i do worry about whether your country is reasonable . 
  i do n't know enough about comparable situations ( basques , ira ) to judge , though . 
  very weirdly designed : turkey is n't fighting all turkish kurds , just the pkk . 
   this is stupid i agree on every level ... 
  so let us specify : i would guess a rate of 0.7 attacks by muslim radicals in the eu which result in 10 or more casualties per year , increasing by 0.2 for every million migrants/refugees let into europe beyond the current amount . 
  i do n't see how that would follow , though the plan allows it .
