  you 're confusing the concepts of plurality and literally everyone . 
  yes , it is . 
  trust is n't an all-or-nothing deal . 
  it is possible to trust your child enough to have responsible fun on their own , but not enough to let them hang out with criminals and crooks without being corrupted . 
  hardly new . 
  there 's been assassination , terrorism , brutalisation , negligent murder , etc. 
  that 's hardly the extent of the eu 's effects , good or bad . 
  i bet there are people who would take up smoking if it meant no migrants in their neighborhood . 
  as if the leave camp knows what will happen in ten years if brexit happens . 
  what actions will be taken to keep britain competitive ? 
  what would the labor market look like ? 
  the future is uncertain . 
  if one side pretends to have the answers , they 're lying bastards looking to take advantage of gullible fools . 
  what the vote boils down to is whether the expectation value of leaving is better than the expectation value of staying . 
  so yeah , the eu will tend towards further expansion , with caution roughly keeping pace to cleverness of subversion ( the greek fraud probably wo n't happen again , but different exploitations may be found ) . 
  britain will pull the eu slightly to the political right , towards expansion , and towards exceptions within the eu . 
  yes ... 
  that 's why the wall fell . 
  information started spreading in ways the state could n't control until the guards knew there were enough defectors that they would n't just be executed for disobedience . 
  before then , it 's horrible , but why waste your life complaining when you 'll just be disappeared ? 
  on the other hand ... how would you say american troops thought about the war in iraq ? 
  large sections of the population would call the war wrong - a mistake with hundreds of thousands of casualties as a result . 
  if i 'd had to guess , the answers would mostly range from `` it suck , but it pays the bills '' to `` semper fi '' . 
  i have similar memories of 9/11 . 
  the danish have a saying : `` only nixon could go to china '' . 
  denmark has a different public image than bosnia or even the uk . 
  they 're seen as more progressive and multicultural , so they ca n't just be written off as a backwards country . 
  and it may be the end of us . 
   no cold war , [ ... ] no cuban missile crisis . 
  how do you figure that ? 
  would the us also suddenly allow the commies to take over southern and central america , or allow the ussr to place icbms in cuba while the us can only put them in alaska ? 
  if by ` cold war ' you just mean the us military fighting overseas , and not the red scare nor the threat of global thermonuclear armageddon nor the abuse of us citizens nor the sponsorship of international terrorism and dictatorship resulting in the deaths of hundreds of thousands , i suppose that would be axiomatically true . 
  i still would n't like the us ' chances , but i would want a more precise description of your ideal american foreign policy before i 'll speak of that . 
  without the marshall plan , operation paperclip , and permanent american bases in central europe , the cold war would have gone very differently , and frankly i do n't see how the us would be better off . 
  no , but i remember celebrating the british who freed the southern half of my country and the canadians who freed the northern half . 
  and i remember reading about india supplying russia , for that matter . 
  i 'm not saying the us was n't a tremendous help , but i 'm estimating that the british empire and soviet russia together could have defeated the nazis . 
  the soviets did most of the killing regardless . 
  are you by any chance forgetting about the massive overseas empire ? 
  they only started getting gud in the 15th century . 
  not sure if that counts as ` hundreds and hundreds of years . 
  or stupid . 
  we have stupid people as well . 
  that still does n't answer the question of what to do with rejects . 
  ellis island had agreements with the shipping lines to take people back to their countries of origin at the shipping line 's expense , which is n't reproducible here . 
  furthermore , if the eu has an official immigrant camp , then the politicians who introduced the policy will be held responsible for whatever goes wrong inside the camp . 
  from gang violence to rape to health problems that would be addressed if they were eu citizens . 
  i do n't think they 'll be allowed to skimp much on the cost at all , compared to the current distributed system , if they want to avoid political suicide . 
  ( merkel is accused of negligence , not of rounding up hundreds of thousands of people in conditions where 1 % of them die a painful death , and stealing their money to give to organised crime , even though both are the same in terms of consequences . ), 
  \\  implying it wo n't ban support of israel as being racist towards muslims . 
  we do n't have a strong jewish lobby ( compared to the us at least ) , but we have a lot of muslim voters . 
  agreed . 
  not none of them . 
  i personally know the daughter of a counterexample , and / u/svorky says around 10 % of pakistanis are granted asylum . 
  typically , we use the principles of due process and innocent until proven guilty . 
  we need a damn good reason to ignore those principles , not just `` oh , there 's a 90 % chance they deserved it '' . 
  i 'm insisting on this not because of disagreement on how poor the current system is working ( it 's working terribly and we should let far fewer people stay 5 + years ) , but because to someone who is n't already convinced your arguments will paint your cause as boorish and without regard for core societal principles . 
  pakistan , like all muslim countries , is horrible towards homosexuals , infidels , and disobedient women . 
  the justification for accepting war refugees is that they may be deprived human rights if they stay , and that applies to muslim homosexuals just as much if not more so . 
  moreover , they are merely given the benefit of the doubt while awaiting an official judgment of whether or not they are proper refugees . 
  we do n't imprison theft suspects because they seem like they 're probably guilty , so in principle we should n't send refugees home to a country where it seems like they only probably wo n't be murdered . 
  the problem is that we have better things to do with our money . 
  a charitable-minded person would do better to invest in his education , become as rich as he can with little abuse of others , and then give 10 % of his income to the poor , than to give out 100 % of his savings on day one . 
  another part of the problem is that we do n't punish abusers of the system . 
  the worst they can expect is to be returned to their home country , which is where they would have been anyway , except without five years of western social services . 
  more often than not they just hide and stay in the would-be host country . 
  yeah , the evacuation of moluccans from indonesia ( their having chosen our side in the ~ ~ independence war ~ ~ policing actions ) after 1948 lead to some issues . 
  basically , we put them in the old german concentration camps for a couple of decades and tried to slowly integrate them , until some of them started to commit acts of terrorism ( train heists most famously ) to protest their treatment and they were eventually let out into the general population because the public thought they kind of had a point . 
  other than that , we have the same muslim immigrant fraction from guest laborers who would n't leave that most of western europe has , and some people from the carribean colonies , mostly surinamans . 
  these do contribute disproportionately to organised and disorganised crime , though not on the scale of england or france . 
  the biggest problem is arabic/moroccan thugs , mostly later generation immigrants . 
  also kind of relevant is the ww1 electrified border fence germany constructed between belgium and the netherlands . 
  dozens if not hundreds of belgian refugees were electrocuted trying to escape the war , resulting in gruesome pictures which significantly affected the public consciousness . 
  before ww1 , germany was seen as kind of nice , especially compared to britain . 
  that too has to do with immigration , but then of british colonists into the boer territories of south africa . 
  britain 's policy was similar to putin 's : create a population of expats through migration or by encouraging ` guest laborers ' who then refuse to return , then ` step in to defend the rights of the british minority ' . 
  while that was almost one and a half centuries ago , the current problems are actually bringing it back up to the public consciousness as well . 
  they 're in favour of policies which help people who are here now ( or at least give them the ` stay 5 years and then get a stern letter to please leave ' treatment ) , which for the majority is economic migrants . 
  \\  using someone not agreeing with ` common knowledge ' as an example of that someone 's sheep-like following of socially enforced beliefs . 
  top kek , as they say . 
  their not speaking the language is a downside . 
  downsides can be excused by upsides , if present , like them paying their own way or providing irreplaceable services ( e.g. 
  von braun - nazi , but loved in america for his contributions to rocketry ) . 
  if the balance is such that their presence seems like an inconvenience , the downsides become arguments for the opinion that they should leave or things they should change in order to be tolerated . 
  of course it 's still nice not to settle for others barely tolerating your presence , and instead partake in common or uncommon courtesy . 
  but the spanish do n't have any realpolitikal social leverage over the british pensioners , unlike the british who can threaten brexit or political measures . 
  migration to greece slowed down massively upon closure of the balkan route , and i would bet that a majority of those currently crossing are still hoping to move to northern europe through laxness on the eu 's part . 
  the problem may not be resolved by destroying the hope for economic migrants to find their way to northern europe , but it would be significantly diminished . 
  that said , all eu member states would be better off economically in the long run with a powerful and solidary eu , which should include northern europe paying its fair share of border security costs . 
  the right wing , on the other hand , is often opposed to european unity , period . 
  not because they believe it is a better protection of their national economy or even security , but because it has a better chance of preserving their values and keep those values relevant in society . 
  or , in many dutch morrocans ' case , a social support network that encourages or even requires crime . 
  assuming you mean cup ( drinking vessel ; common prize in sports competitions ; the sport competition itself ) when you say coup ( political revolution through violence ) : well , in that case i guess you 're right and my leaning is confirmed that they 're treating you unfairly in this particular case ( which is further evidence for the other two questions ) . 
  i will still have to disagree , by saying it can be acceptable to ban harmless pieces of cloth or verbal opinions or signs or any other method of expression in certain circumstances , as long as the ban is politically neutral/fair in intent and practice , does n't significantly impede public discourse , etc. 
  sports events make sense as an exception , though if they are n't , they should n't be for anyone . 
  freedom of speech does n't mean the right to a platform . 
  if you started waving a flag around and yelling about independence in a public classroom , the government would be justified in ` keeping you down ' by removing you from the premises so you 're not disrupting class . 
  that said , if there 's only one rundown park where people are allowed to protest in the entire city , and the media are pointedly ignoring everything that goes on there , you would be right to complain that you 're being muzzled . 
  imo it makes sense that legally they should be allowed to do things like this . 
  not every publicly sponsored event has to be conduit for political expression .
