  what should be rules for a stable society become weapons in a religious conflict . 
  why would n't trump rallies and how brown-skins were treated 9/11 prevent the existence of `` muslim and american '' people , assuming you 're correct about `` muslim and french '' possibly not being possible ? 
  as for that , why would people stop considering themselves people from a country just because that country does shitty things ( to a minority that you are a part of ) ? 
  country officials do much shittier things than forcing women to take off pieces of clothing all the bloody time . 
  and they often treat people of whatever group you happen to be in pretty poorly as well . 
  can you not be an internet pirate and a german ? 
  can you not be a supporter of free speech and a brit ? 
  can you not be a psychiatric patient and dutch ? 
  it 's still the law that these ` arretes ' are enforced by the police . 
  they would be disobeying their job description if they did n't do what they did . 
  which should definitely be an option for them , if the law is too unjust or there is a settled social contract for disobedience ( like not arresting a pedestrian for crossing an empty street ) , but with controversial and not acutely terrible issues like this , it can certainly not be expected of them . 
  and in my opinion , they were right in this case to enforce the law ( arrete , whatever ) . 
  it had not been enforced before , so now we have a concrete case study for people to judge and base their opinions on . 
  if the police were to disobey before ever doing it , it should have been as a united front to draw people 's attention , not just as a law which is quietly swept under the carpet . 
  why are the swastika and burkini worse than the hammer-and-sickle , or the cross of saint john ? 
  why would ` symbols of contradictions to european values ' be banned ? 
  why not let them be a flag to show that the wearer or people who have enslaved them ( in the case of burkas ) do not have our values ? 
  banning the burka will not reduce the amount of oppression that women face in europe . 
  it will just make it less visible to us in our daily lives , so we can go on pretending like the women that would be forced to wear them are n't being abused right under our noses . 
  if oppression of women is so horrible that not even a symbol of it can be allowed to exist in public , surely the actual oppression should be counteracted even more firmly ? 
  it would make more sense to kidnap every woman who wears a burka , re-educate her to western culture and release her , than to just ban the burka and send her back to the home of what you claim to be abusers more terrible than stalin ? 
  see my other comments on how the antenna is indeed doable . 
  power supply would be more difficult , because you might have to wait for weeks before a shipment gets to someone you could n't have caught otherwise . 
  there are power supply systems which use random movement to charge a battery . 
  a simple magnet inside a coil placed along the length of the ` bullet ' would suffice - shake it from side to side to generate current , which with a simple electrical system can be used to charge a battery . 
  i 'm not sure if this would be enough to power a radio signal constantly , but it would n't be too difficult to put in a regulator which makes sure a radio signal is only transmitted when there is enough potential energy built up to have it transmit at full strength . 
  it would also have to be designed so the magnet jiggling from side to side does n't make an immediately noticeable noise . 
  but yes , it seems doable . 
  physics does n't care about what the outside or the inside is . 
  a transmitter inside a faraday cage ca n't get a signal out unless the antenna touches the walls , at which point the entire cage becomes part of the antenna . 
  since it 's trivial to have a bullet touch its own outside , / u/flatlandermachine is wrong , but your correction is also wrong . 
   i ca n't get electrocuted because i have this lightning rod strapped to my head , and lightning rods stop buildings from being electrocuted . 
  \\ - your logic . 
  the reason a faraday cage works is because it absorbs the radio waves before the radio 's antenna ( which is also metal ) can . 
  the absorption causes electrons in the conductor to jiggle across the entire volume of a conductive material , which a radio receiver is able to pick up and interpret as a signal , but which would go completely unused in a faraday cage that is n't connected to anything . 
  an antenna the size of a bullet is probably enough . 
  the length along one axis is most important for signal strength , and i have a gps watch that is about 4 cm long . 
  world war 1 was almost as deadly , mostly because of the efforts of centrists . 
  no political position is safe from evil , corruption , and the causing of harm . 
  united soviet caliphates of europe ? 
   sorry , but what `` us '' ? 
  the european union and its inhabitants , usually . 
   is it `` us '' that are unfriendly states , no . 
   or what are you suddenly talking about ? 
  russian occupation of ukraine and georgia , turkish lack of action against smuggling of people and goods , mexican drug trade , etc. 
  basically , what do you do if your neighbour is a dick , if not protect against penetration ? 
  [ here ] ( http://www.alpbach.org/alpbuzz/juncker-slaps-austrian-muftis-call-tighter-eu-borders/ ) is a press release by the organisation he spoke at , claiming he said the same thing . 
  [ the source presentation ] ( http://www.alpbach.org/de/forum2016/programm-2016/videos-of-the-european-forum-alpbach-2016/ ) is in german , so i ca n't verify the context , but i trust that if juncker chose to give a keynote address at that organisation he trusts them not to misrepresent him . 
  so yeah , great job not letting yourself be caught up in bias there . 
  there 's a lot of chance in sports . 
  bad days , accidental errors , opportunities to analyse tactics and guess the right ones , errors by judges , etc. 
  turkey is bordering a militia-controlled territory which is somehow winning the propaganda game and attracting thousands of new fighters every year . 
  countries have restricted free speech for a lot less . 
  either they 've changed the article or you 've misread . 
  the only mention of the me now is `` middle eastern country '' , which may be a diplomatic way to say saudi arabia , afghanistan , iraq , or another country which the brits feel kinda responsible for . 
  napoleon , the gayest of conquerors . 
  why do n't they get a holiday visa to europe and ask for asylum ? 
  not a rhetorical question , i actually do n't get it . 
  i 'm not an expert on international law , but it seems logical that an independent nation can decide to become part of another nation if it ( i.e. 
  its government ) and the host nation want to . 
   does anyone here think putin is legitimately worse than the gulf retards whose nations work on a slave underclass ? 
  he 's more dangerous : less predictable , a lot more powerful , and much closer to people we 're allied with . 
  suppose you were kidnapped by nazis . 
  they let you walk out on the street , but only escorted by a nazi , and wearing an ss uniform . 
  the state , seeing the horrible predicament you 're in , decides to ban ss uniforms . 
  does this stop you from being held captive by nazis ? 
  does this make you more likely to escape the nazis ? 
  or does it just take away one of the few freedoms you had left ? 
  this does n't help those women , it does n't even treat the symptoms of their suffering , it just sweeps the problem under the rug and makes people believe that something effectual is being done . 
  being soft on crime is unpopular but effective , at least with respect to native europeans . 
  if you want to see what appearance over efficacy looks like , see the campaigns of us american elected officials in the executive branch . 
  and vice versa . 
  there 's no convenient trick . 
  we can deport those whom we are not obligated to keep . 
  we can punish those who commit crimes , and possibly adjust the penal code to take into account that there 's a resilient culture which has to be accounted for in determining re-education time and general punishment length . 
  we can try to raise awareness of human rights , abusive relationships , etc. , and provide more tools for people to get to safety quickly , and to stay safe from common muslim reprisal methods . 
  or we can antagonise the muslim population into violence and then retaliate against them , put them in internment camps , deport our own citizens for personal beliefs , etc. 
  no methods are clean and effective . 
  else the americans would have used it on the blacks . 
  [ stealing the babies of the troublesome population and having them be raised by properly cultured foster parents . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stolen_generations ) well , either that , or it 's deporting all illegal immigrants to a neighboring country . 
  which does n't address the 10 million or so legal and culturally backward muslims . 
  so yeah , let 's restrict those women even more by making their going to the beach , or even just going outside , illegal , unless they wish to face the wrath of their family and friends . 
  for these women , it would be best if they were given the option to easily escape . 
  to be able to get to safety within minutes of doing anything that might anger her peers , and to make them aware they have that option . 
  get advertisements/propaganda in muslims ' eyes explaining how abuse is wrong ( for the sake of women who think they deserve abuse , mostly ) , and how victims can quickly get to safety . 
  make it clear that chronic abuse is still sufficient cause to call 112/999/etc . 
  over , to get a police escort while you leave your neighborhood . 
  put up security cameras and dna sprays near every physical ad , and arrest people who ( try to ) deface them . 
  the only way muslims could fight this is by things that already are crimes , or by publicly trying to convince the population that the abuse specified in those advertisements is n't bad . 
  the former we treat as normal , the latter is what is supposed to happen if there 's a minority opinion . 
  i 'm not sure if the cloth from burkas or burkinis is enough to block all uv radiation ; cloth from t-shirts certainly is n't . 
  they would need to tan for longer , but they could still get enough . 
  it 's for the man who wants to go to the beach , wants his wife to be modestly dressed as mohammed ( pbuh ) commands , but does n't want his wife to be out of sight . 
  i thought they were banning hydrogen-fueled cars , especially because they said * everything * would be electric . 
  they 're not a good option for amsterdam , though , because every other building is a historical monument and has ancient wooden foundations which threaten to crack if you so much as sneeze at them . 
  that 's the main reason why the noord-zuidlijn is costing billions of euros and taking over a decade to construct the first kilometer of subway track . 
  how about ukraine ? 
  it would n't be geopolitically bad for us if we pay them too much , they 're probably less corrupt than the arab nations , and schengen shares a land border so it 's cheap to transport people and payment in goods . 
  they 've got plenty of land area to house them .
