  if 500k in one place is too much , there 's no problem breaking them up into smaller camps . 
  it is entirely possible . 
  you just have to be willing to shoot escapees . 
  as far as i know the right to free movement is not a human right . 
  nations and private individuals are allowed to use force to detain or even kill trespassers . 
  my argument is that since a citizen has right to movement within only most of the country , a refugee can reasonably be denied freedom of movement to most of a country , as long as his essentials are provided to him . 
  as for where to put them , sweden might be willing . 
  refugees inside schengen may be distributed across various camps throughout europe as one wills , and ones outside schengen would likely fall under the responsibility of the nation they 're currently in . 
  just because people are n't criminals does n't mean they have citizens ' rights . 
  i do n't know whether entering a country without that country 's permission is a crime - if i were in charge , it definitely would be - or whether even the syrians could be regarded as refugees when moving from croatia to slovenia to austria , but even if there were legitimate refugees , why ca n't you just put them in a walled camp they are n't allowed to leave , with human rights provided to them , and call it a day ? 
  they 're from nations that have n't , or have only recently , undergone the demographic switch from large families to small . 
  it 's likely many of them do n't have wives or children . 
  even if they do , they could have left them behind in one of the many safe countries on the way from syria to germany , betting that the family reunion laws would later force germany to ferry over their families without as much danger ( camp violence , tear gas , capsizing boats , vans without air holes , etc. ), 
  and monetary expenses ( paying smugglers , false passport makers , etc. ), 
  on their part . 
   but you also cant hold them in place against their will . 
  why not , exactly ? 
  half of them are n't from syria . 
  all of them did n't just flee from syria ( or where-ever else they 're from ) , they fled from turkey , greece , serbia and croatia as well , and many are protesting their not being allowed to flee from the free housing , sustenance , clothes and heating provided to them in slovenia . 
  this is not the behaviour of people escaping war . 
  this is the behaviour of migrants who are n't satisfied without treatment as good as a minimum wage citizen in germany . 
  there 's more than one issue under the sun . 
  i do n't know about the german case , but in the netherlands all parties right of centre do n't exactly have good economic or civil liberties policies . 
  as long as people believe anti-immigration is a far right-wing policy , you 're not going to get a lot of people to the cause . 
  even if you 're far right yourself , consider learning to appeal to leftist ideals : instead of focusing on how these undeserving peasants are taking out money , focus on how the same money could be spent helping way more people much more structurally elsewhere . 
  instead of talking about the threat to european civilisation , show data on how many of them oppose important values like egalitarianism and freedom of religion . 
  instead of showing isolated instances of violence , use statistics and reports and verbose ivory tower analyses . 
  if turkey is n't willing to give them good shelter but the eu is , they might just keep coming . 
  is that lifetime cost or peak cost ? 
  if the former , it costs a lot more initially , because some portion of refugees will pay themselves back when they get a job . 
  yes it is ? 
  the us americans voted for a whole bunch of genocidal presidents in the 18th and 19th centuries . 
  we used to use peat for that . 
  dig up some soil , let it dry , set it on fire , then build a dyke around the place you dug up the soil because now it 's below sea level . 
  when i imagine a dutch buddhist i 'm more likely to imagine a no-good stoner hippie than an asian . 
  why would greece have to pay for the camps , and if it 's ` going to be privatised ' , why would n't it accept foreign governments offering to buy the land instead ? 
  it 's not as if the camps benefit greece . 
  [ x ] live in the cold north [ x ] have to cross barrier to get to us [ x ] when invading/occupying , turn armies of locals against the defending force [ x ] massive military-tool advantage , but the size of the military is comparatively small [ x ] possible existence of an ancient treaty forbidding people from the south entering our land [ x ] treaty ignored by southerners who refuse to bow to southern lords [ x ] some southerners who live in our territory give us their young which we make our own a - are we the others ? 
  the entire third world is a shithole which could really use our help . 
  why should wasting $ 5000 on coming here entitle them to better treatment than the rest of the world ? 
  if it were a good idea to give these migrants at our doorstep special treatment , why force them to pay $ 5000 to get smuggled to our borders ? 
  why not just offer to fly people over from eastern turkey at $ 100 per person , and use the remaining $ 4900 to fund their integration procedures , refugee camps , whatever the alternative is ? 
  we have always shut our ears to the level of suffering these migrants are experiencing . 
  because it 's nothing special - there are literal billions of people who have it worse off than them , who simply are n't rich enough to pay for the smuggling . 
  our own countries must come first , to preserve them and their cultures for future generations so they can continue to improve the world , but after that must surely come the people who can be helped most with the least amount of money , and preferably people who can some day pay us back , which these migrants simply are n't . 
  so `` sending away '' may involve simply not letting them into our borders , or forming a treaty with a country which will cheaply accept them , or dropping them in syria . 
  is it so bad to be a social outcast from a society which will be destroyed unless a large portion of people become social outcasts ? 
  either you exit the society before it is destroyed , or you help prevent its destruction . 
  give us a couple billion and we 'll give you a share of the north sea after we 've poldered it . 
  that argument only works if you assume this crisis will be the end of us . 
  if you 're not insulted , then there is no problem . 
  if you are insulted , then you must concede that tone matters , * quod erat demonstrandum * . 
  either my statement was not a personal attack , or it contributed to the conversation by disproving the argument of my opponent and proving my own . 
  whichever way you think of it , i did n't violate that rule . 
  there 's a difference between being straightforward and being a cunt . 
  you can be just as accurate without using that kind of emotional baggage . 
  i suppose if you 're mentally incapable of expressing that you care without using insults , honesty might be a fair choice over duplicitousness . 
  it cost , what , $ 5000 to buy a smuggling ticket to europe ? 
  looking online i can find middle eastern ads for iphones for less than $ 50 . 
  given how useful the internet is as a tool for them , it seems like an entirely justified investment for anyone who can pay to come to europe . 
  i 'm sorry for your mental retardation . 
  as even literal autists know , the tone used affects how something is received . 
  insult members of the opposition and your make the entire opposition defensive , get people to dislike and avoid listening to your arguments ( and therefore dislike and avoid you and those you represent ) , and antagonise all those who value civil discussion . 
  he said ` if ' . 
  fwiw , there 's little reason to believe this is the peak of the wave . 
  until a functional solution is found , there 's no reason for them to stop coming . 
  people who are now in power tautologically benefit from preserving the status quo . 
  if the current eu election results are favourable for the current government , why risk changing that by getting more people to vote ? 
  people do n't have the impression that eu elections matter . 
  parties hardly advertise for them , the media hardly cover them , and the route from parliament to policy change is also unclear , with the council of europe , european commission , the national presidents , intercontinental trade agreements , and other complex and unexplained factors messing up normal policy . 
  if they actually believed their religious texts , they would not just believe , but * expect * that every single apostate would be tortured in hell forever . 
  if your daughter came to you and said `` hey dad , i just borrowed $ 100 from your worst enemy , in exchange for him and his friends raping and torturing me for a week '' , would it even occur to you to just say `` ok , whatever you want '' ? 
  i would damn well hope you would take tremendous effort to try to prevent that from happening , even if 40 % of the population regularly rapes and tortures one another into insanity . 
  in their culture , they do n't have the same limits on what is an acceptable form of ` tremendous effort ' with respect to what a father may do to a child ( murdering them to prevent them from living in sin is tolerable to some and allowed in the quran ( not that the other abrahamic texts are any better ) ) . 
  these people are pretty much just insane . 
  reasonable arguments are satan 's attempts at shaking the faithful . 
  society or their daughters disagreeing with them is a trial orchestrated by god himself . 
  my actions are correct because god says so . 
  that 's because people do n't have faith in the european democratic system . 
  people want a strong european response , but that does n't mean that any strong european response is good . 
  better to be independent and weak than part of a strong organisation which you have no power over at all . 
  in a healthy democracy , when a policy is forced on citizens which they do n't like , they do n't try to secede , they try to get different people elected . 
  but in the eu , barely anyone knows their mps or even the method policy is arrived at . 
  when they see a policy they dislike coming out of the black box , they do n't know what to do other than throw the black box away . 
  if the eu wants to be entrusted with power , they ca n't just complain about the plebs being dumb . 
  they have to earn the people 's trust . 
  i 'm no psychologist or political theorist by any means , but i would guess the eu would need to get people to grok how people like themselves could make a change , for any amount of effort they may want to put in . 
  have them see a eu parliamentary election affect policy because of a popular movement of mere votes . 
  have them see parliamentary debates because of public outcry or protests . 
  an accelerated election because of a majority declaration of mistrust . 
  get them to know how policy is created and where they can interfere , without actually having to become a lobbyist . 
  europe losing its diversity is n't artificial , for the most part . 
  it 's been a thing since the invention of trains , if not the printing press or earlier still . 
  individuals prefer to have the best life for themselves , and that tends to be an eclectic selection of as large a reference group they can manage . 
  and this happens everywhere , in japan , china , the middle-east , india , etc. 
  companies deciding not to advertise through media they disapprove of is hardly censorship . 
  the world may be better off if offensive rags like the daily mail continue to exist , but demanding that companies pay offensive newspapers for the privilege of being associated with them does n't strike me as the right way to make sure that happens . 
  if a newspaper is free to print what it wants , how can the pr division of a company not be free to decide where to buy ad space ? 
  that 's just the tradition of conquerors . 
  it breaks up existing power blocks and enforces your own .
