  europe is developed , not developing . 
  british income would be from undercutting the european market , not from trade with developing countries . 
  in 2003 , the us invaded a nation 600km from russia on false pretenses and installed a puppet government , costing about a million lives . 
  in 2014 , militant groups with american weapons started a civil war in the russian ally syria which has cost the lives of half a million people and displaced over four million . 
  since 2005 , the american military has directly killed over three thousand people , including over 400 confirmed innocent civilians , in countries that the us is not at war with , without the permission of the governments of those countries . 
  meanwhile , in russian imperialism , they conquered 40,000 square kilometers of territory from their neighbours , thousands of kilometers from any of their neighbours ' strongholds , and supported rebels in their neighbours , at the cost of under 10,000 lives total . 
  there seems to be a bit of a double standard . 
  do n't get me wrong , the nation where the election was rigged to be between someone portrayed by the entire media and establishment as a dangeous idiot and a felon who took hundreds of millions in bribes , and approval ratings for representatives are below 8 % , is more free and democratic than the one where approval ratings are above 70 % and there is n't any positive proof of electoral fraud ... erm , wait ... do n't get me wrong , the nato countries are richer and a much nicer place to live than poor and cold russia , and i 'm grateful to our overlords for giving us plebs so many toys to keep us entertained , but from a geopolitical perspective it does seem like nato is being a bit full of itself and not allowing russia to do a tenth of what they do regularly . 
  nato did n't dissolve . 
  even france has nukes . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  they put one of the two parties that existed since the foundation of the country in control of the house , senate , presidency , and supreme court all at the same time , despite below 10 % approval ratings for each of those . 
  but because they have a single ` anti-establishment ' billionaire with ties to democrats and republicans and business owners alike as a figurehead , it 's `` deposing the current establishment '' ? 
  ` domestic issues ' can escalate into political or international ones , though . 
  suppose a nation 's corrupt government is allowing arms smuggling through its territory to rebels that threaten nato interests , is it fine that the nation is in nato because the arms smuggling is just a domestic law enforcement issue ? 
  montenegro does n't border any major threats , and does n't border any country not already bordered by nato . 
  the additional risk is miniscule . 
  the eu would officially respect may 's decision , but probably wait with making any final moves until britain has finished impeaching her for committing a crime under british law . 
  britain would acquire a new pm who can ask the eu if they would pretty please reverse may 's decision , and the eu would probably agree . 
   by keeping the sea level of the mediterranean constant in times of rising sea levels you will increase global sea levels even more . 
  some quick googling puts the surface area of the mediterranean at 0.7 % that of all the world 's oceans . 
  so if the global sea level rises by 10 meters , displacing between two and three billion people , keeping the mediterranean at normal levels would add 7 cm , displacing about 10-30 million people assuming rough linearity . 
  however , 150 million people live ` on the mediterranean coast ' , who would definitely be displaced . 
  therefore , damming the mediterranean would have the net effect of saving 120-150 million people from being displaced , unless the climate is fucked so hard that we 're all doomed to die anyway . 
   also , you isolate the species living in the mediterranean from other biotopes . 
  which matters how ? 
   plus , i do n't think russia , turkey , israel , italy , etc. . . will be too happy seeing their connection to the atlantic ocean disappear , together with all the trade routes that come with it . 
  gibraltar and suez would get locks just like panama . 
  except they only have to correct for 0-10 meters of height difference , not 52 ( 26x2 ) . 
  the dam is big enough and the difference small enough that each worried nation could have its own personally managed locks , with blackjack and hookers . 
  people are expensive too . 
  who is going to reimburse the state for all the years of education and health care and infrastructure depreciation that have been wasted on that corpse ? 
  there is nothing economically special about parity . 
  suppose the pound and euro were at parity , and suddenly europe would decide to introduce new coins , called flurbs , which are worth 1.50 euros , and that europe phased out euros for flurbs . 
  would the flurb and dollar then suddenly want to be at parity again ? 
  because in that case , i would like to interest you in this new coin i have . 
  it 's worth 0.01 euros now , but wait a while and it 'll go towards parity , wo n't it . 
  i 'll sell them to you for the low low price of 0.1 euros each - that 's 900 % profit if you just wait a little while . 
  no , no , it 's not a eurocent , do n't be silly , it 's a totally independent currency . 
   borrowing an instrument that is not done in forex this is directly contradicted by / u/helpmea50 in the comment below it . 
  i know nothing about economics , but i can read . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  because just going by simple reasoning , that does n't make sense . 
  with indirect democracy people vote for an abstract party once every couple of years , which necessarily has a whole bunch of policies they agree with and a whole bunch they disagree with . 
  that makes it easy for corrupting influences to sneak a particular policy on the ` support ' list by lobbying to members of parliament or promising propaganda funds for policies that the party likes but the corrupting force does n't care for . 
  meanwhile , during election day , most topics ca n't matter , because there are only so many ways to vote , but way more possible combinations of policy support or opposition . 
  so loads of policies will just slip into irrelevance , as people decide whether they want to oppose immigration or support gay marriage , or whether they want to support education or support nuclear fission reactors , or similar bullshit dilemmas . 
  meanwhile , direct democracy allows people free reign to express their own stupid little opinions on thousands of different fields . 
  the amount of propaganda you would need to sway people 's opinions on each of those would be tremendous , because you need to find different hooks for every single issue , rather than just getting the one big anti-immigration party to support lower taxes for corporations and watch the votes for lower taxes flow in without anyone saying a word about it . 
  direct democracy has problems , but propaganda being cheap is not one of them . 
  it 's probably more about signalling how much they oppose trump , to get left-leaning danish voters to pick them , than about supporting hillary . 
  european leftists worry and complain about trump just as much as the american ` left ' , so you can get a decent amount of free brownie points if you join in the hate train . 
  how does dst help the winter , when winter is the time when dst is the same as regular solar time ? 
   a normal bomb explodes , you lose a leg , have a building collapse upon you , or otherwise die , those who live through them also suffer from ptsd . 
  lol . 
  read up on the firestorms of hamburg , tokyo and dresden . 
  hell , since you 're just contrasting nukes to other weaponry , read up on agent orange or napalm . 
  read some war stories of ww1 with gas attacks and dismemberment and drowning in mud and trench foot . 
  read up on ied survival stories in modern war . 
  war is hell . 
  i doubt that 's worth making yourself a target for russian nukes over . 
  by that logic , how can you resist putting it anywhere but jerusalem ? 
  it 's closer to africa and has even more symbolic importance than istanbul . 
  it has always been and still is the center of many global conflicts and disputes . 
  it 's a major holy site in at least three world religions . 
  the un could even take direct responsibility over the west bank , which would make for a good test of their ability to manage conflict responsibly and capably . 
  so better at having the support of modern western propagandists and lacking an efficient military infrastructure ? 
  seriously , five seconds of googling got me a list of [ three massacres perpetrated by byzantine people within modern turkish borders ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_massacres_in_turkey ) , on the native greeks ( plebeian rebels , 30000 killed ) , on the pechengs ( a hostile tribe , full genocide of 80000 people ) , and on the latins ( ethnic romans and catholics , 60000 killed or sold into slavery ) . 
  i doubt they were more friendly to the infidels that surrounded them . 
  mottos are also a thing that was popular during the height of french cultural influence , when french was the common language of diplomacy and international trade . 
  the dutch * je maintiendrai * if also french , but our royal lineage has no connection to france . 
  england still has n't paid us war reparations for the second anglo-dutch war . 
  how about london join the netherlands as the thirteenth province ? 
  that 's because your culture descends from western european culture which was catholic , and the pope officially declared charlemagne 's holy roman empire the successor . 
  byzantium fell before the protestant reformation , so there was never any reason to disagree with the pope . 
  / u/mitros63071 is speaking from a greek ( and therefore christian orthodox ) perspective . 
  they did n't recognise the authority of the pope , and byzantium was important in the greek nationalism that created greece , and therefore modern greek culture . 
  the reason you were taught medieval europe was naught but disease and chaos is because you are part of a protestant culture ( and democratic , as opposed to feudal ) , based on britain and your own revolution . 
  the protestant empire of britain ( and the netherlands ) had a vested interest in making the catholic spanish and french ( and italians ) look incompetent by making it seem like catholicism achieved little of note during its thousand years of dominance . 
  democracy has little reason to put effort into making feudalism look any more appealing . 
  the pope legitimised the hre , and the christian emperors of rome always ruled by divine right . 
  it 's not a mistake , it 's part of a religious schism . 
  that 's basically the holy roman empire . 
  economic security does n't just depend on how much money you have in the bank . 
  social security policies from the government matter a lot . 
  a typical dutch student ca n't afford a car , but he gets a government stipend for a comfortable middle class lifestyle and is generating higher earning potential in an economy where getting a job is likely . 
  what happens if that private security is n't present ? 
  surely shops would try to save the money if they were n't a good return on investment ? 
  or is there a racket , that if you do n't hire security guards , criminals just happen to find out about it and take advantage ? 
  otherwise , if criminality was low , i would n't expect security guards . 
  or if criminality was high , i would expect burglaries in private houses of those who ca n't afford private security , so you probably would n't say `` criminality is very very low '' . 
  the eu has an unfortunate habit of regulating things with less than absolute regard for globalist corporations . 
  frankfurt may become the center for eu banking , but especially if eu regulatory powers increase it 'll become less and less attractive as a site for global trade . 
  which is n't necessarily a deal-breaker . 
  eu regulations may create a healthier internal market than the nash equilibrium of international trade or whatever international treaties end up at , which would lead to a wealthier and happier europe in the long term . 
  we could ban the import or sale of agricultural products that do n't meet a certain standard , and increase that standard . 
  if that does n't suffice , ban or tax more and more imports from countries with bad practices . 
  it 's a similar problem to climate change , and we at least tried to get a decent cap & trade system going on that . 
  we have designated bike lanes with their own traffic lights . 
  traffic and roads are designed so there are routes cyclists can take with fewer traffic lights or other reasons to stop .
