   there is no fundamentalism here . 
  then your prescription for determining whether something is fundamentalist is wrong , qed . 
   fundamentalist what ? 
  you tell me . 
  i 'm just applying your definition consistently . 
   i think it 's very easy to argue that it 's tyrannical to make children fast , not the opposite . 
  sure ; it 's easy to argue it 's tyrannical to make children eat broccoli too . 
  does n't mean it 's true . 
   also people forget how our society came to be . 
  criticism of the church was a big part of what brought to where we are . 
  it 's dangerous and shameful to forget that . 
  how is forcing other people 's children to do what you want criticism ? 
  besides , it was criticism of the ruling church that is commonly considered the start of the renaissance of science , not criticism of minority religions , foreign religions and heresies , which were used as justification for ostracism , war or genocide . 
   this is how you distinguish fundamentalists from non fundamentalists . 
  those who are n't fundamentalists adapt . 
  so you 're a fundamentalist ? 
  because you 're proposing not adapting when it 's easy and painless , just so you can force people to either abandon tradition or have a real disadvantage . 
   another option would be not to do something that lowers your cognitive functions during exam time . 
  we ca n't make muslim children do that . 
  or we can , but it 's considered tyrannical . 
   easily okay , so how much would the exam committee have to be increased to make that happen ? 
  # 1 million ? 
  the cheapest way i can come up with is to pay catering services to provide free candy to all children on exam day/ramadan , instruct teachers to turn a blind eye to any bullying that day , and trust envy and peer pressure to outweigh faith and fear of punishment . 
  it would be a shitstorm of epic proportions when parents found out , but it might actually be doable for # 20 million and might give just enough plausible deniability for the organisers not to be found guilty of religious discrimination . 
  the committee 's job is to make the tests as representative of children 's typical academic capabilities as possible with the available budget . 
  systematically giving muslims a lower score than they 're typically capable of makes the test less reliable as a whole , and can be easily prevented . 
  in the grander scheme of things , it most certainly is the state 's job to make sure the economy runs well and its citizens are happy and fulfilled , ceteris paribus . 
  [ ramadan lowers cognitive function during the daytime ] ( http://www.karger.com/article/abstract/12830 ) , so the reasoning is solid in the sense of getting a fair test . 
  and with [ 8 % of test-age children ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2013/may/16/uk-census-religion-age-ethnicity-country-of-birth#data ) affected , it seems like a reasonable enough change to make . 
  the last thing we need is to systematically decrease the test results of an already academically struggling demographic . 
  other options include to allow for multiple exam dates , which would mean a major cost increase , putting less importance on centralised one-time tests , or amending the test results with the explanation ( and doing the same when children are distracted by other exceptional circumstances ) . 
  turkish refugee camps for syrians . 
  do n't know for eritreans and other nationalities . 
  how do you seal a sea border ? 
  so west berlin should have been given to the soviets and israel to the palestinians ? 
  belgium only needs to be unworthy of it , practically speaking . 
  if the european experiment fails , bruxelles is just one of many errors , and probably not critical , but if it succeeds , it 's a testament to our hope ( or so we can tell the historians ) . 
  oh sorry , i had mistaken you for someone who is n't a medically diagnosable idiot . 
  brussel could be like washington dc in the us : not part of any state , but the seat of government for everything . 
  what was ` even ' doing in that sentence , if not indicating that poland is n't a typical example of the group of undesirable host nations ? 
   they simply outweighed the downsides against the upsides and thought it would make more sense to give shelter and take the risk of some bad apples coming here as well . 
  blaming those politicians means disagreeing with their assessment that it 's an acceptable price , and considering them morally at fault for not agreeing with you at the time of making the decision . 
  with that in mind , i ** do ** blame the politicians . 
  and i blame large parts of the media that have reported with bias and other ` anti-xenophobic measures ' . 
  of course the actual culprits are also guilty and should be dealt with accordingly , but that has historically not been enough to prevent the creation of a permanent , unintegrated , often exceptionally criminal , underemployed and undereducated underclass of foreign ethnicities . 
  well , here 's your chance to escape your filter bubble , then . 
  the latter . 
  which also means road maintenance , a portion of national defense , scientific research , public transportation , and other things you may not use or ca n't even really ` use ' . 
  they might even include foreign aid and eu budget payments , but i 'm not sure about that . 
   its our responsibility to try their asylum needs which is done in regards to their situation in relation to their homeland . 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  also , you seem to know your stuff . 
  what would be the simplest way to close the sea borders , as it were ? 
  to make it so migrants do n't end up on european soil to begin with ? 
  yes . 
  so britain is within its rights to denounce france or forgive her , and possibly to demand restitution . 
  the dublin countries could agree that leaving a safe country means automatic rejection of your application in all dublin countries , because you apparently are n't moving because of war . 
   why not ? 
  i 'd say their obligation should be at least equal to that of the uk . 
  both countries are free to refuse passage to refugees from one country to the other . 
  both countries are obligated to care somewhat for refugees who are in their territory , and to care more for ones that ask for asylum there . 
  the symmetry is broken by the location and desired location of the immigrant . 
   furthermore it would be in france 's interest to accept this . 
  it would prevent camps of people sitting in legal limbo like at calais . 
  the french government , like most eu government , consists of moral cowards . 
  because that is the politically sound move : inaction can be spun as caution more easily than harmful side-effects and failed policies can be spun as a decent enough job considering the circumstances . 
  if they acknowledge something can be done to improve things , they get all the blame for not solving the rest of it , and for all the pain their particular solution causes . !, 
  besides , it it really a good idea for france to accept responsibility for another 10,000 + muslims specifically disgruntled at them for killing the dream of living in england ? 
  ca n't the dublin countries decide that turkey qualifies by their standards , and refuse to accept refugees coming from turkey ? 
  the french are under no legal obligation to accept him , and whatever country he is in is obliged to make sure his base needs are met . 
  what you propose might help , but it would require breaking or ( re ) writing international treaties . 
  if our governments were willing to curb the influx of refugees with that kind of measures , there are probably better solutions available than dumping refugees in the eu 's border countries . 
  like dumping them outside the eu ( like australia has been doing ) . 
  no , but it would have been delayed , and progress would have been slower without the major profits and incentives to innovate provided by colonialism . 
  also the americas , sub-saharan africa and australia were outside the trade routes . 
  you can use resources to buy the ability to raise more children or better children . 
  more resources means more improvement . 
  people are typically evolutionarily driven to pursue those goals . 
  the western world , for example , has enormous plenty , but is still economically scarce because people can spend billions to continually optimise their lives . 
   that 's pretty obvious begging your pardon , but it is n't . 
  in fact , i would outright disagree . 
  it 's nice to not have 50 % chance of dying before the age of 15 . 
  why did n't india 's population grow to scarcity levels ? 
  this only goes back 15 years , well after europe started importing muslims , and the least graph has 600 arrests yearly , which either implies a much lower standard for terrorism than natural , or a much better ability to prevent attacks than i would expect , and misses 2015 , which is the offending year . 
  now , historically , muslims did n't start plotting terrorism as soon as they got off the boat in the '60s . 
  afaik they were pretty peaceful , but their children often caused problems , and some of them responded to al quaida 's call . 
  so the claim is a rise of terror threat , violent religious extremists , etc. , when comparing the pre - and post-9 / 11 eras . 
  that without an imported muslim population muslim terrorists could n't have organised something in europe and no other organisations would make use of the terror niche instead . 
  also , i do get the impression that more cities and countries have been on lockdown because of terrorist threats this year than in a long time . 
  from what i understand you have a pretty strong evolutionary drive towards happiness , at least . 
  then we will dutifully wring our hands and debate over the right course of action until the problem is resolved . 
  the solution to half-assed policies is n't quarter-assedness . 
  policies like schengen and the monetary union need convergence of economic policies to work , and distribution of wealth through subsidies is needed to compensate for policies which benefit certain regions more than others . 
  cut back on the eu and you screw over eastern and southern europe with the cutbacks on subsidies , and northwestern europe with the loss of economic control . 
  either we go for an economic union or we do n't , and as long as we have schengen and the euro we 're still trying . 
  dragging our feet does n't help anyone , nor does complaining that countries that are trying to fix the sitution are n't doing a good job . 
  do you have any reason to mistrust kosovo ? 
  that would/could violate north african countries ' souvereignty , unless a treaty is negotiated , which italy has no reason to do . 
  africa would be within their rights to deny italian coast guard entry . 
  a continuous situation is not an emergency , in spirit if not in fact .
