  diy diagnosis can be a good first step towards getting a second opinion that is correct . 
  doctors regularly fuck up because they 're overworked and fallible , so it 's fine if parents or patients themselves try to form their own opinion . 
  being accused is bayesian evidence for being guilty . 
  `` innocent until proven guilty '' exists because of deleterious social effects of acting on that knowledge , not because it is actually true . 
  it is morality , not reason , that people run afoul of when they presume guilt . 
  it would also be nice if you provided evidence of swedish authoritarianism , rather than calling not agreeing with you from the get-go ` spitting in the face of reason ' . 
  the person you replied to accused someone else of taking people at face value . 
  he did nothing to imply that he believed anyone at face value himself . 
  this graph shows tolerance , not acceptance , and there are many things dutch people tolerate but do n't accept , like orthodox calvinism or islam . 
  you technically already are , for now . 
  the pvv is excluded for their demonstrated inability to cooperate like a multi-party coalition requires . 
  if this is how you see your nearest political neighbours , can you blame them for not wanting to engage in a formal alliance with you which is supposed to last four years ? 
  rutte tried a government with the pvv . 
  [ they dropped out over consequences ] ( http://www.nu.nl/politiek/2792729/wilders-noemt-breuk-definitief.html ) of the 3 % deficit limit set by the eu [ stability and growth pact ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stability_and_growth_pact ) , related to a predicted drop in purchasing power especially for the elderly . 
  islam had nothing to do with it . 
  still nice for the rest of us to show solidarity . 
  even if a country does n't export much to outside the eu , it still benefits from a climate that is good for global exports if it exports unfinished products or services to the eu . 
  if romania gets the oil out of the ground that germany turns into novelty dildos for the global market , romania still benefits if dildos sell well . 
  you were replying to the statement that anders breivik was declared legally sane . 
  there is no `` agree to disagree '' , because the law is definitive on the matter that personality disorders by definition do not qualify as mental illnesses , and vice versa . 
  you are entitled to your opinion , but that would render your comment irrelevant to the discussion . 
  when that line is uttered , 90 % of the time it 's in the defense of what history later judges as a dictatorship or a failed attempt at dictatorship . 
  many dictatorships are in an unending state of emergency or war as an excuse to suspend important freedoms . 
  those ` world wide communication services ' are known american-owned propaganda machines , with american companies changing what appears to whom and when , and using that to influence who buys what and who believes what . 
  and they are known to have backdoors for american intelligence agencies which they do use to spy on everyone who uses them and infiltrate systems of political enemies ( wannacry was stolen from the nsa ) . 
  if the russian alternatives are worse , it is a matter of degree , not of any absolute lines with the us has n't crossed but russia has , at least as far as i know . 
  if russia were * de facto * at war with ukraine , there would n't have been an independent ukrainian government for three years now . 
  the de facto situation is similar to [ the nazi involvement in the spanish civil war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_involvement_in_the_spanish_civil_war ) , which i 've never heard described as germany being at war with the spanish republicans . 
  instead it 's called unspecific terms like `` involvement '' or `` intervention '' or `` operations '' . 
  paramour or beau . 
  the government/executive needs a long-term strategy to do well . 
  if you do n't have a stable coalition , you ca n't rely on the law changes required to maintain that strategy passing in time . 
  backroom deals are also necessary because there is more to discuss than can be discussed on the house floor , and useful because it allows politicians to calm down and negotiate at their own pace rather than what is theatrically required . 
  if the parties restrict their legislation to points they have in common , vast swaths of government will just not get updated because they are too difficult . 
  some gordian knots need to be cut . 
  damn . 
  i voted gl but i hoped they would be willing to give in on immigration . 
  you 're a patriot . 
  whether you 're a nationalist or not ca n't be determined with the information you 've given . 
    definition one   definition two  how dare you imply that definition two is always the one that is used !? 
  seriously ? 
  this gets upvotes ? 
  why do you call people with opposing opinions brigades ? 
  are you implying malicious organisation , and if so , what is your evidence ( that brigades are responsible for these posts , rather than people naturally giving their own opinions in a freely accessible forum with a natural tendency towards circlejerking ) ? 
  nationalism is conservative by definition - it depends on what the current state of affairs is . 
  right now supporting the eu requires transcending national borders , but once the eu is a single nation , it wo n't . 
  presumably , once the eu is so internally similar that we can be a single nation without issue , the similarities with countries outside the eu have also decreased to the point that we could begin to work towards a political union on that level . 
  that level of unification would then be opposed by eu nationalists . 
  people who would support dissolution of the single-nation-eu in favor of returning to the present countries would be called separatists , like catalonian or scottish separatists right now . 
  `` not even close to worth leaving the eu over '' is a very low bar to set , though . 
  especially because it 's just a minor facet within the immigration/integration problem , which is one of many problems the eu faces . 
  if cannes is sponsored by french cinemas , it makes sense for them to exclude direct competition if french cinemas ca n't guarantee a win . 
  it 's not conservatism , it 's capitalism . 
  if cannes is run by an independent company , they could try to find new investors who are attracted to the status of potentially winning a fair competition that includes netflix , but if those companies ( including netflix ) are unwilling to pay , why upset your existing sponsors ? 
  if the popularity of cannes tanks , it will indeed have been a mistake , but i do n't think potential netflix watchers are their main audience anyway . 
  ukraine and georgia are n't part of nato . 
  nato is the most unambiguous line in the sand for british and french defense short of invasion of those countries themselves . 
  and france ca n't expect to exist long as the one western power in continental europe . 
  if france has any sense , they will go full mad if russia violates nato sovereignty , even if it 's just the baltics . 
  because if not the baltics , then why poland , or east germany , or all of europe except france ? 
  the best way to sabotage yourself in game theory is to send ambiguous signals . 
  if nato is unwilling to uphold article 5 in any circumstance ( or worse , chaotically unsure ) , that is a greater threat to the continued existence of the human race than a dozen dictators with nukes . 
  this fact has been painfully obvious to a heads of state and generals since the 1970s . 
  i was wrong about the country : there are detention centers for illegal migrants currently active in nauru and papua new guinea . 
  violating sovereignty is an extreme move akin to invasion or declaration of war . 
  it would be better and completely feasible to buy the right to offload migrants from the lowest bidder , like australia has done in timor . 
  uk cooperation would benefit us through sustainable fishing , low international border costs , preferential trade deals , an easier potential future reunification , uk political animo for international treaties like tackling climate change , tourism and personal attitudes , etc. 
  i agree with you that the uk is too bitter and will suffer too much from leaving the eu that we can appease them in the next ten years or so without giving up way too much . 
  ** but ** we should be lenient and fair for the benefit of our reputation with third parties , including hopefully the future uk once they 've gotten some distance , as well as the euroskeptic factions in the eu . 
  ( similar to how the west was lenient with germany after ww2 ) . 
  what ` tough on brexit ' actually means is unclear , but if it 's anything like ` tough on crime ' , it strays too far into unproductive vengefulness . 
  so compromise is bribery , now ? 
  i agree with the second part that euroskeptic parties will continue to play the victim , but giving a section of the population what they want is n't bad . 
  geographical distribution of power can be important , separately from centralisation . 
  make it so a single faction ca n't capture the government or impress its cultural values upon all civil servants . 
  south africa was a poorly mixed country of english colonists , dutch colonists and natives , and the three capitals made it so no faction felt wholly unrepresented . 
  that leaves the issue of having a single currency and free movement of people and goods within a eu which does n't have the fiscal or legal unity to manage the problems they create . 
  brain drain in the east , the greek financial crisis , properly funded eu border protection , etc. 
  these problems will persist as long as there is a tier equivalent to a current eu member . 
  a two-tier system only seems to make sense as a way to force countries between entering the federal tier or leaving the eu entirely . 
  it excludes second class nations from the discussion and directs administrative effort towards constructing and managing the federal tier rather than trying to solve problems at the union level . 
  a euroskeptic eastern european country would experience brain drain , but instead of the eu looking for a solution , the federation could just suggest joining them to get access to fiscal funding deals and lean back smugly . 
  so i suppose a two-tier eu could be a solution , if problems continue to be unsolvable in the current system because of a stalemate between euroskeptics and the lack of authority of the current eu government to solve problems itself . 
  i do n't like giving up on democratic consensus-searching like that , but perhaps it is becoming necessary in the current political climate , lest the eu collapse and the economy of every european country with it . 
  so was english , before 90 % of people in this thread learned it as a second or later language . 
  legally , she can declare herself dictator without the need of a public vote , and the country would have to obey . 
  it 's their idea of pr . 
  if you do n't want to entirely ban slavery , that makes sense , honestly . 
  the slave committed a crime in his home state . 
  if one state is n't willing to enforce the law of another state , you can hardly call the collection of states a federation . 
  most people do n't care whether they have to work for their money . 
  it 's just a good way to get money to people that seem to deserve it . 
  the real problem is that people ( especially in the lower class and/or the elderly ) feel like they are n't getting as much wealth as they deserve . 
  this is because of the recession , because of increasing income inequality , failed promises by politicians over the past decades , vying with immigrants for government budget , reduction of social services , lots of political attention being given to issues they do n't care about , and a bunch of other issues . 
  migrants are just one way society is spending money and effort that is n't on them , and they were promised a better life than being stuck in a minimum wage dead-end job , or unemployed on meagre welfare checks , or stuffed into an old people 's home and almost treated like cattle because of how overworked all the support staff is . 
  i do n't know if we can get the people the life politicians and advertisers and pension funds and social media impressions of other people have promised them without ruining the economy . 
  imo the economy would be helped with more inheritance tax and other upper class-affecting taxes , but even then we probably ca n't help everyone as much as they deserve , let alone as much as they think they deserve , especially if we also have to care about the well-being of the rest of the world and the future of humanity . 
  does she need to in order to win ? 
  or that the alt-right are n't fascist . 
  russian hackers released a mix of fraudulent and real e-mails allegedly from of macron 's campaign in an attempt to sabotage macron .
