  migrants could be paid a fixed amount regardless of where they are , or even depending on where they are , from a central pot financed in accordance to economic capacity rather than refugee burden . 
   i really do n't know why germany gets painted as the bad guy all the time . 
  because we live in the real world , where , when good rhetoric makes problems seem to disappear , those problems still exist as strongly as ever . 
  and because people tend to blame the most powerful entity that is spewing false rhetoric that they are aware of , rather than the exceedingly complex attribution of guilt that would actually be fair . 
  of course i have to show your rhetoric to be false , so here it goes :  to control borders in practice , this means letting anybody in who can get to european national waters ; over two million per year at the current rate . 
  it may or may not include suspending schengen in order to contain those millions in southern border countries , but since the north is already subsidising the south that does n't actually solve the problem , only concentrate it . 
  also , in practice , it takes years to determine whether a migrant is a legitimate refugee and rejected applicants often are n't removed even then . 
  as such ,  check and register everyone who 's coming , process and accept every genuine asylum claim in hotspots in greece , italy , while deporting everyone else back hides the fact that at the current rate , in six years time , unprocessed or rejected migrants would be the majority of the greek population if the greek-european border was secured . 
  ( and the ` fair distribution ' of legitimate refugees does nothing to change the number of unprocessed . ), 
   a fair distribution process into every eu country . 
  in other words , dumping the burden of your bad decisions on countries that disagreed with you from early on . 
   it 's the only fair and human rights acceptable way . 
  unfortunately reality does n't have special protections for the righteous . 
  it is quite possible to take the high road straight into hell . 
  that excludes about half the population , honestly . 
  ever heard of retirement age ? 
  regardless of your example disproving your point , most refugees who falsify their age do tend to claim to be in their teens , so it most definitely matters . 
  the only way it could matter more is if they pretended to be pre-teens . 
  people not having the correct age is a problem which evidently now exists , and it 's way more common than transgenderism in sweden : apparently 500 people have changed their legal gender , so if more than 0.5 % of migrants have a false age , it 's more common . 
  if gender can be changed , why not date of birth ? 
  europe has its own gravitational wave detector virgo , headed by italy and france , which is currently undergoing upgrades to become as sensitive as the ligo detectors , and esa has been steadily working on a space-based gravitational wave detector elisa planned to go into operation around 2034 , which would be a lot more sensitive still . 
  except it is n't limited to personal information but includes information that is relevant to business decisions ( not wanting to hire screw-ups ) or informed ethical decisions ( not wanting to trade with untrustworthy folk ) . 
  and except that because of the complexity of the law and the art of lawyering , the ` right to be forgotten ' is not within reach of the common man , but available beyond its intended scope ( through human error of judges + high powered lawyers + corruption ) to the rich and powerful . 
  as a result , it 's mostly yet another tool for the upper class to remain nebulous and unaccountable , similar to inner party members in * 1984 * having the right to turn off their monitoring systems . 
  do you need anything more than 100 + nukes ? 
  the pvv , wilders ' party , has been pushing that narrative to that effect . 
  the dutch spelling required to create a pronunciation like `` jihadist '' in english and presumably arabic . 
  `` jihadist '' in dutch would be pronounced like `` yeehadist '' in english . 
  does that contradict anything he said ? 
  did n't like 10,000 underage migrants reportedly go missing in europe ? 
  if that is true , the answer is probably yes . 
  that 's nice , but your first post clearly says ` china ' , not ` asia ' . 
  but that would just make the images less clear . 
  unless you have a different suggestion ? 
  unfortunately , you are mistaken . 
  most simply , there can be selection bias . 
  for example , if you receive 80 % of factually accurate reports of rapes by migrants but 10 % of factually accurate reports by migrants , then you will be inclined to overestimate the migrant rape rate . 
  there are dozens of other ways facts can be misleading - scale insensitivity , fair world illusion , confirmation bias , etc. 
  nb : you are responsible for any damage they cause , and you have to provide and replace furniture . 
  that still makes ships sitting ducks when passing through the bosphorus and dardanelles , so it 's not very useful against nato . 
  malm\u00f8 opens up the atlantic theatre , allowing a russian fleet to disrupt supply lines from america to europe if it so desires . 
  a nuclear-assisted blitzkrieg might then be able to take continental europe before the americans can get boots on the ground ( since nato would probably win the sea engagement in the end ) . 
  britain can then be bombarded from the atlantic coast with modern artillery and aircraft , while russian command is 3000 km away , which would make defence of britain too costly for nato for too little gain . 
  russia would thus be able to take the european part of nato in case of a ww3 , after which russia-america would devolve into a stalemate , as america can either invade through siberia or across 4000km of open ocean . 
  ( nb : more armchair generalship . 
  not at all reliable . ), 
  if youtube historians have told me anything , they probably want the ice-free winter harbor of malm\u00f8 . 
  tow them to the border or across it ? 
  the latter is a violation of turkish sovereignty , the former leaves them in greek waters . 
  there 's also the problem of what to do when migrants do manage to make landfall ( because they can swim or because they broke through the border patrols ) . 
  but it 's not the migrants that sink the ships , it 's the smugglers . 
  the people who physically decided to make the boats sink are n't the ones being killed , only the ones who bought a $ 5000 ticket to europe , no questions asked . 
  and even if the adults have forfeited their right to live by paying criminals to put them in harm 's way , how about the children ? 
  not the fake sixteen-year-olds , the actual couple of percent that always show up in press photos . 
  before these migrants stop trying , you would have dozens or even hundreds of definite innocents sent to their deaths , and probably left to drown in sight of coast guard and media . 
  also , there are private organisations that are helping the coast guard with collecting migrants from the sea . 
  would you make it illegal to help drowning people that sank their own boat ? 
  or would you hope that they 're not effective enough to keep a refugee stream going ? 
  correct , because it 's gangs of smugglers operating without official government sanction who are moving the migrants , but the return trip would be with government approval . 
  the eu does capture and prosecute smugglers in greek territorial waters , but there is no treaty allowing them to pursue into turkish waters . 
  turkey has chosen not to enforce the law in this matter . 
  i do , but before now we 've justified wars and sanctions and interventions and persecutions and damning propaganda with human rights as a reason . 
  by violating them , at least we 're giving up a useful political tool , and at worst ( as many europeans still believe ) we 're doing something fundamentally wrong . 
  turkey is allowed to rescind permission for greek rescue craft to enter turkish waters . 
  smugglers could organise convoys to break the greek blockade and enter greek waters , after which any migrants in the water are in greek jurisdiction . 
  alternatively , more simply , ` turn away the boats ' how ? 
  if greece returns migrants to turkish waters without turkish permission , that is a violation of sovereignty . 
  turkey would be entitled to use deadly force to stop them , and be on the right side of the law according to the un and nato , and most likely would n't be nato-aligned for long ( assuming nato picks the eu 's side ) . 
  my point is that his statement is only valid ( legalistically ) or agreed with ( morally ) in a small region of the world in the last 50 or so years . 
  refusing to negotiate with people outside of such a small overton window because it disgusts you is sheer moral arrogance , and not productive from a practical standpoint to boot . 
  it 's the same moral arrogance which gets people to call even acknowledging the migrant crisis racist , because nobody in our region of the world in the last 50 years has been allowed to sanely advocate the opposite position in the public sphere . 
  if `` the eu human rights charter is wrong concerning [ age of consent | human rights of refugee status applicants | ... ] '' is an unacceptable position according to a political party , that party might find itself on the wrong side of reality and obsoleted by the next moral shift . 
  on a personal level , the consequences for an embarrassing past are luckily much less dire , but a culture of mutual outrage is much less pleasant and productive than one of mutual tolerance . 
  at this point , unlike a year ago , it is acceptable to say that about refugee rights , so you might be inclined to argue that we could have recognised the difference in advance . 
  but i do n't really think we could have , certainly not without more thorough study of immigration than we should expect of the average citizen . 
  with regards to the current situation with the child brides , my suggestion of the existence of an international agreement to treat foreigners by their home countries ' marriage laws is a possible explanation for the current situation which is morally and factually plausible and not very complex . 
  i do n't know whether it 's actually the case , but any argument against it must be either factual , moral , or legal . 
  legally , the situation is symmetrical . 
  morally , there is the consequentialist trade of less execution of homosexuals at the cost of more child rape , and the lack of a deontological rule against that trade which i argue in this comment . 
  factually , the onus is on me , but the current moral discussion seems more interesting . 
  okay , but realise this violates human rights . 
  also , how do you recognise that it 's a migrant ship ? 
  would you just never rescue libyan or turkish ships ? 
  or would you send out a rescue party and have them look at the passengers in enough detail to determine that they are in fact economic migrants , then expect them to let dozens of people drown in front of their eyes ? 
  also , what if migrants decide to jump overboard near the greek coast and they manage to swim to the shore ? 
  the opposite is true in islamic countries or wales before 1921 : crime ( e.g. 
  assisted suicide ) ca n't be consented to , and girls are at the age of consent from the first menstruation or 15th birthday onward . 
  the north . 
  until us hollanders kicked them out during the late middle ages . 
  there is major political leverage in obeying international law . 
  it legitimises our status and the un 's as ` the good guys ' , for our own population and hopefully people in the third world when considering whether to cooperate with us , the us , or china . 
  the un does n't have much credibility , but if even europe ignores its rules when the going gets tough , that damages its authority further still . 
  at some point , the un may collapse because its rules are just considered pointless . 
  and if they smash the ships ? 
  let them drown ? 
  i 've never gotten the expression ` not comparable ' . 
  ` like apples and oranges ' is even more atrocious , because there are many metrics one can use to determine differences and similarities through objective and subjective measures , where the existence of even one metric would suffice to make them comparable . 
  as for comparing homosexuality and pedophilia of an 11 year old bride , by welsh law sodomy carried the death penalty until 1861 and was illegal until 1967 , while wedding and bedding a 12 year old was legal until 1929 . 
  by rough interpolation , up till 1948 the average welshman may well have found these child brides less offensive than those buggerers you would now place so far above them that they ca n't be compared . 
  regardless of whether you place your moral event horizon at 5 years before your birth or 500 , the practical issue of negotiation remains .
