  also everybody expects cyclists and everyone is a cyclist , including children , so people are n't surprised by moves with questionable legality . 
  it does n't hurt that in an accident between a motorist and a non-motorist , the motorist is at least 70 % responsible for any damages unless they can give a very good reason otherwise . 
  so it 's as safe as walking , except three times faster . 
  maybe it 's because i 'm left handed , but i push the door open with my left elbow as i pull the latch with my left hand . 
  that is n't the point of constitutional monarchy . 
  they 're not private people who deserve their position , they 're living embodiments of the state . 
  giving one of them a medal or a mansion is more like giving the parliament a new lick of paint or updating a government website than it is like honoring a person for their efforts . 
  specifically , w-alex is ` sovereign ' of several domestic orders , signifying the importance of those orders to the realm , and ` grand cross ' holder of several foreign orders , signifying the importance of diplomatic relations between the state and the organisations that those orders represent , be they nations or international committees or something else . 
  sure , this could be replaced by diplomatic relations with less pomp and circumstance , but the monarchs are actually profitable because of tourism , and they 're just fun to have around according to a majority in most of the countries that have them . 
  for the record , what he said was [ `` do you want , in this city and in this country , more or fewer moroccans ? 
  '' ] ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ph97aqr3uwa ) to an audience of pvv members . 
  when they chanted `` fewer !, 
  fewer !, 
  '' , he said `` then we 'll make it so . '', 
  most of these ` moroccans ' have dutch citizenship and are ( often poorly integrated ) second or third generation immigrants . 
  many also have moroccan citizenship . 
  the first generation was brought over as guest laborers , and later the families they were reunited with if they stayed in the netherlands . 
  criminality , unemployment and intolerance is disproportionately common among these latter-generation moroccans , and in general they compete with the pvv 's key demographic of relatively unschooled labor . 
  suburbs with high concentrations of moroccans are the closest thing the netherlands has to ghettoes . 
  there 's also some islamic extremism , but little compared to other muslim minorities in europe , except the turks . 
  so the problem , afaik , is that he has promised to remove an ethnic minority of dutch citizens from the country , and incited people to express their frustrations in the same way . 
  ( as opposed to just calling them ` moroccan cunts ' , which he has done regularly in parliament , or advocating measures that are n't tantamount to ethnic cleansing ) . 
  the prosecutor 's office did n't do wrong in deciding to prosecute him . 
  it 's the law that 's too harsh , and i would rather see it be challenged in a case that 's sure to grab public attention , than have regular people have to worry about saying inappropriate things because of a law most people do n't know about . 
  yes , but the american/canadian people have to give their firstborns and souls too , so it 's totally fair . 
  is it slippery , though ? 
  if this is a bridge too far , people can still protest and lawmakers can still vote no and voters can still punish or reward lawmakers who voted a certain way . 
  and if we do overshoot the mark , are the consequences that terrible compared to the decades we 've undershot the mark by fearing slipperiness ? 
  a couple dozen people more whose last few seconds are `` wait , i 've changed my mind , i do n't want to die yet . 
  oh no , i ca n't find the button '' . 
  or tens of thousands of old people , and their families , forced to watch as their minds and bodies failed them over the course of years or even decades , wishing that someone would just end it . 
  that is n't to say the former image is n't horrific . 
  the decay of people is a horrible thing no matter how you slice it . 
  but both undershooting and overshooting the mark are similarly bad , so it 's more important that we quickly zero in on the best option , than if we do n't overshoot it . 
  it seems like a natural expansion for the job description of undertakers . 
  the medical training required to kill someone ca n't be that great , and they need to be there anyway to dispose of the corpse properly . 
  maybe a doctor should still be on hand to save the moribund if they change their mind , but that falls within the old job description . 
   you either take cover or try to get away . 
  or you freeze in terror , or you instinctually try to fight back . 
  not disputing what you 're saying , just adding to it for completion 's sake . 
  sounds lewd . 
  the question is somewhere around `` do you understand where isis is coming from '' . 
  it * is * somewhat unclear whether someone who answers ` yes ' is sympathises with them or just understands them , certainly for the average dutch speaker if not technically according to the dictionary . 
  so a 20 % ` yes ' rate is n't really surprising to me , especially given the possibility of push polling to prime people to associate it with mere knowledge of their goals . 
  yeah , but they are still only fighting one another 's proxies , in parallel . 
  on the other hand , `` the law , in its majestic equality , forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges , to beg in the streets , and to steal bread '' . 
  just because the law is n't obviously biased does n't mean corruption in all political parties is treated equally . 
  and investigators may also allocate resources unfairly , trying harder to catch one party than another . 
  the rebels were aided by russian soldiers who were officially on leave and not supported by the russian government . 
  if one of them happened to be trained in firing buks , and the russians happened to lend the rebels a buk and that private russian citizen happened to be asked to fire the thing , would the russian military really be the people that shot the plane down ? 
  there are nato citizen isis members in syria right now , wielding weapons given to their comrades by nato members with the goal to fight assad . 
  those nato citizens wielding nato weapons are killing innocent civilians in a country that associates itself with russia . 
  so yeah ... international politics is dirty business . 
  in the netherlands , ` far-right ' parties have been part of the coalition alliance several times ( lpf , balkenende i. pvv , rutte i ) . 
  in both cases the coalition collapsed , ( according to the mainstream ) because of incompetence , infighting , and refusal to keep deals by members of the far-right party . 
  in both cases , they initially claimed to be satisfied by the level of influence they had , and they were free to argue their points in the lower house , in the media , and at the negotiating table . 
  in both cases , the far-right party surged in the polls afterward , but they were sidelined by the other parties for being unreliable and flinging shit at their former allies . 
  pvv is now projected to be the largest party in the lower house come the election next march . 
  it would be nice if you were correct , because that means the problem is just that we do n't have enough democracy . 
  but you are n't . 
  people do n't watch the public debates . 
  they care little about past records or proof of incompetence . 
  they 'll happily vote themselves into a recession against the publicly available reasoning by the vast majority of experts and statesmen . 
  and to be fair , they have a point . 
  there 's enough lobbying and corruption going on behind the scenes that the debates we see and the figures we hear can hardly be trusted . 
  it is genuinely difficult for an average person to figure out the truth in even one politically charged topic , nevermind enough to get a wider perspective of which liar lies the least when it matters . 
  a political debate is as much of a learning experience as watching two troupes of monkeys battle by flinging shit at each other . 
  interesting tactics , not much interesting content . 
  i do n't know if modern political structure can ever be trusted by the common people , now that the internet is revealing lies and bullshit and counterarguments at an unprecedented pace . 
  the far right promises to stop all the unchecked changes by the out-of-control political machine , giving more opportunity to figure things out and make sure changes are properly evaluated . 
  they might not be trustworthy , but at least they promise to have fewer things change . 
  in short , the current democratic systems are no longer trusted , probably because the internet makes all the bullshit easier to see . 
  the right is a response to limit the change the system can effect , and wo n't disappear through actions within the system , because there is no choice but to keep trying to stop a system that is out of control . 
  what we need is trust in government . 
  that probably ca n't be won with pr or reasoned debate - both are known to produce lies in politics . 
  what i would suggest is a more advanced voting system , like range voting , single transferable votes , etc. 
  just getting more accurate electoral results would do wonders for public trust . 
  for the record , many western countries also promised and failed to deliver funding to refugee camps near syria ( lebanon and turkey , mostly ) . 
  that solution would have been cheaper and have lead to less loss of life , but it would have required individual western leaders to take some amount of responsibility over the well-being of refugees , as opposed to making it seem like the problem was thrust upon them by forces greater than themselves . 
  people expressing this sentiment can still be consistent with discrimination occurring . 
  if objections which call for a ruling in favour of a certain group are held to a higher standard of proof than objections that would benefit another group , the latter group would systematically benefit , while everyone can say they exercised reasonable judgment . 
  this can be quite hard to prove , but if such a systematic bias exists then over the course of a couple of generations a demographic is filtered out of the upper and middle class , differences between demographics increase , and the demographic is pigeonholed into a certain societal role , be it black thugs or jewish merchants or roma thieves . 
  by jove , is n't that going a bit far ? 
  you ca n't put geert wilders in a talk show and tell me my perspective has been represented , because we 're both white dutch males . 
  i might be unsatisfied by the representativeness of your imagined broadcasting corporation before wilders was appointed , but i would n't feel a lick better afterwards . 
  perhaps even worse because now the diversity committee is proud of itself and thinks i 'm happy too , reducing the chances of actual representation . 
  why would a male gulenist turk feel represented by an erdoganist ? 
  or a shiite muslim woman from iraq by a sunni woman from iraq ? 
  is a labor-voting fourth generation black woman from london honestly less catered to by the bbc than a male anarchist from oban , scotland ? 
  it seems to me that diversity of ideas , or * maybe in a pinch * diversity of cultures and perspectives , is much more important than diversity in demographics . 
  people differ much more from one another than races differ from one another , so a hard quota makes no sense . 
  it is true that a lack of demographic representation would indicate a bias at some point in the process of acquiring candidates , but it is foolish to assume it is only at the selection step that you can influence , so if you blindly try to correct for the demographic imbalance through quotas or other explicit bias , all you are doing is adding more unfairness to the system , further decreasing the quality of final candidates by having irrelevant factors play into the decision . 
  istanbul is a great place for a city . 
  the only reason the population was less in the late middle ages is that the city and the nation surrounding it were under siege , making it a less nice place to be . 
  the western allies burned hamburg and dresden and tokyo and nagasaki and hiroshima and berlin to the ground , forcefully occupied those countries and enforced their ideology upon the people , executed or imprisoned rebels and members of the opposing regime , banned opposition to their narrative , and banned books and symbols and meetings in support of the defeated enemy . 
  war is hell . 
  the suffering that happens in war pales in importance to the long term political effects . 
  alexander 's conquest and the empire of rome benefited humanity greatly . 
  hitler and the germanic invasions did not . 
  that 's just a tautology .
