  just do what the romans did : keep a lower-tier designation for areas you do n't like . 
  award second class citizenship to people born in those areas , with a possibility to upgrade to first class citizenship based on direct inheritance and/or some sort of test and/or some service to the state . 
  when a region has integrated properly , grant all second class citizens therein first class citizenship . 
  which we are doing by discussing this . 
  i 'll have you know that we 've still got shrooms , amphatimines , barbituates , benzodiazepines , prostitutes , and a thriving black market for lsd , ecstasy , speed , and various other low-addictive hard drugs . 
   the hoi poloi, 
  welfare should prevent people from being * that * poor . 
  if you give stuff to people for free , some will act as if it does n't cost anything . 
  if doctor visits are free , some people will go to the doctor for stupid reasons , costing the state hundreds of euros per visit and preventing people who need urgent help from getting it . 
  if you give people free internet , people will find a way to abuse it , by downloading massive amounts of data or setting up botnets or something that actually makes sense if you know how the internet works ( which i do n't ) . 
   `` you would make a ship sail against the winds and currents by lighting a bonfire under her decks ? 
  i have no time for such nonsense . '' \\ - napoleon bonaparte , on the steam engine . 
  why would logistics and capacity be a bigger issue than for conventional train networks ? 
  engineering and maintenance would indeed be ridiculously expensive right now , but so were locomotives in 1804 . 
  this technology is decades out from common use , and advances in robotics and ai will probably reduce those costs significantly . 
  maybe the costs will turn out to be insurmountable ( like supersonic civilian flight ) or the world will develop in different ways to make it irrelevant ( like dirigibles ) , but it shows enough promise to be interesting . 
  i mean , the people who pitched this have figured out how to get the first stage of an orbital rocket to go back to the landing pad and land softly enough to be reused dozens of times . 
  anyone would have said that was ridiculous ten years ago . 
  did n't trump win the rust belt and not the rich cities ? 
  something smells fishy here . 
  regardless , trump voters did n't choose the horrendous first past the post system , so they can only be held accountable to the extent that trump is worse than hillary . 
  nowhere in the title does it mention costs . 
  do n't forget georgia . 
  they 're a tactical location for control over the north atlantic , like a cold and volcanic cuba . 
  while the cold war was on , iceland was considered to be under threat from russia , and many soviet-nato talks were held in iceland because of it . 
  during ww2 , iceland was forcefully occupied by the allies for the same reason , serving as a midway point for convoys and a naval base . 
  do n't we now ? 
  that 's for mohammed . 
  [ apparently ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/god_in_islam#cite_note-24 ) for allah it 's ` swt ' . 
  i do n't buy that germany is fragile enough that the current migrant presence and influx rate can threaten its stability . 
  it 'll cost hundreds , maybe thousands of lives , and billions of euros , but germany will be fine . 
  that is already bad enough to make northern europe 's migrant policy an obvious and terrible mistake , but we have lived through worse . 
  ( also , sending people back to syria would be terrible . 
  the australian solution ( buying the right to dump migrants abroad from a safe neighbouring country ) could work for illegal migrants who are currently in europe ) . 
  * everyone *, 
  it was just about the weakest ` no ' they could have gotten short of it officially being meaningless . 
  regardless of the result of the referendum , it was never binding from the start , and the government was free to disregard it . 
  nevertheless , dutch representatives negotiated for some assurances in the treaty about how this does n't mean the eu likes ukraine or anything . 
  not much concrete change , but from what i remember about the complaints , it was mostly worries about how the relationship could develop in the future rather than anything being wrong with the content of the current deal . 
  it had actual consequences . 
  the final treaty contains some provisions and assurances that the eu is n't obligated to ukraine , which was the main reason no-voters gave for voting the way they did . 
  translation is up . 
  damn , that 's phrased much better than our `` discrimination is prohibited '' , where other laws are needed to clarify whether it refers to truly equal treatment , like with race or religion , or equal opportunities , like with gender . 
  it was n't a graduation ceremony per s\u00e9 , it was a private event hosted by a different organisation on campus grounds with the university 's permission which was made to look like a graduation ceremony . 
  * harvard 's * graduation ceremony happened elsewhere at a different time without discrimination . 
  and if people happened to refuse to appear at that ceremony and only signed the graduation paper at a later time without ceremony ^ 1 , how could harvard force them ? 
  [ 1 ] i 'm not sure if this happened , or if all the ` graduates ' at the black ceremony attended both . 
  they probably were racists to begin with , they just had plausible deniability and/or people willing to cover for them . 
  compared to [ our first article ] ( https://www.parlement.com/id/vhnnmt7jesyv/hoofdstuk_1_grondwet_volledige_tekst ) , i 'm noticing an absence of gender . 
  is gender discrimination prohibited elsewhere in the french constitution , or is it entirely absent ? 
  that implies the kind of people to deface monuments actually bother to learn history or politics . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  the percentage of criminals in france who are muslim [ appears to be around 40 % ] ( https://www.adamsmith.org/blog/are-70-of-frances-prison-inmates-muslims ) , so if political vandalism is disproportinately done by muslims , the odds could genuinely be in / u/ironiczne 's favor . 
  [ protestants ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beeldenstorm ) ? 
  the people do n't matter nearly as much as the government officials . 
  they could evacuate the president , generals , people with knowledge of launch codes and spy networks , plenty to set up a long term counterattack and organise the conventional part of a world war . 
  it 's basically how the usa got alaska . 
  to be fair to those migrants , `` economics '' means increasing your expected lifetime income by an order of magnitude , and all they need to do is cross a mile of water and subject themselves to people who flood them with gifts and kindness and meet their every basic need . 
  and if they end up in the wrong country , it 's just a matter of using freedom of movement and basic stipends to increase your expected future income by a factor three again . 
  honestly , if you had a choice , would you rather be a refugee on the syrian border , or an economic migrant in europe ? 
  would you rather live in migrant housing in lithuania or germany ? 
  and if you imagine yourself to be noble enough not to abuse charity , what if you saw tens of thousands abuse the system and be rewarded for it ? 
  are you honestly going to relegate yourself to the bottom tenth percentile of income relative to your peers because you do n't like optimising for the amount of money you 're given for free ? 
  blame the people who ( partially ) fail their mandate to ensure the prosperity of europe , not the people who take an opportunity to get rich quick when it is offered to them on a silver platter . 
  it is the catholic line of reasoning . 
  that pettiness is half of what diplomacy is . 
  90 % of what it used to be before 1914 . 
  which countries ' dignitaries like you , which countries ' governments like you , and which countries ' people like you matter , and the us is running very low on respect right now . 
  he does not have the legal authority to disband the legal system and democracy , which the queen of the united kingdom does . 
  she 's also head of the anglican church , though i do n't know if that affects diplomatic rank . 
  many heads of state have been killed throughout european history , but we 're all still talking to each other . 
  total declared hours , i assume , going by the japanese figure . 
  yeah but the baryons are so heavy that it rarely matters . 
  if a weak interaction is possible between two particles 1 nanometer apart , nothing happens . 
  if a strong interaction is possible between two particles 1 nanometer apart , you get an explosion on the scale of an atomic bomb . 
  murder is still murder . 
  is n't it a bigger matter than many american states allow people to defend their property with disproportionate force ? 
  ( like shooting an unarmed burglar ), 
  the implication is that swiss organisations are less prone to corruption and corner-cutting than japanese ones . 
   but that 's the core of the problem with private owned nuclear plants . 
  from a two-minute romp around google and wikipedia , it appears at least some ( 3/3 that i checked ) swiss power plants are in the hands of organisations which are majority owned by the swiss and/or french state , while tepco was privately owned during the fukushima incident , and has since been 51 % bought up by the japanese government to manage the disaster area . 
  a government-owned corporation will have considerably less pressure to cut corners , and can be bailed out by the government with less issue if costs necessary to cover risks turn out higher than expected . 
  furthermore , the government officially carries responsibility for the company and specific politicians ' heads will roll if they do n't manage to direct the company properly . 
  imo culture ca n't be neglected either . 
  japan is drowning in fiction about disasters caused by corporate and government malpractice , inspired by real drama in people 's lives . 
  the us and ussr do n't have the best reputation either . 
  western european fiction ( and reality ) put an emphasis on different failings . 
  if a french nuclear power plant has a catastrophic failure ( more than 5 fatalities and/or more than 4 square kilometers declared uninhabitable ) in the coming 30 years , i 'll eat my hat . 
  also why ca n't i vote for someone from greece if i like their political opinion more than any dutch person ? 
  what if you could vote for a party which promises to overturn mandatory voting ? 
  to fight to make things better , fwiw . 
  \\  implying you remember the existence of saint martin , guadeloupe , re\u00fanion , mayotte , or even french guiana , the azores , or cyprus \\  implying you could find all of those on a map without cheating . 
  they 're still free to laugh , though . 
  and to be fair , first past the post is a horrible system . 
  if you lock a person up against their will and give them safety and food ( and any additional creature comforts that most farm animals lack , like entertainment , hygiene , physical activity , sunlight , etc. 
  ) , that is kidnapping and enslavement . 
  even if that person would n't have survived in the wild . 
  inability to give consent does not imply consent . 
  children , mentally disabled people , and unconscious people still may not be physically violated like animals are , because they are human . 
  if we treated people and animals the same , either first degree murder would be legal or slaughter would not be .
