  the male breast is not a sex object , the female breast is - basic biology . 
  it makes total sense to treat them differently if you want to hide sex objects , and it 's weird that you would pretend otherwise . 
  ( also , i do n't know where you 're from , but up here in the netherlands it 's still weird to go shirtless as a guy . 
  breasts are a minor issue compared to genitalia , though . 
  bare breasts i can get into , but genitalia do count as icky to me . 
  for example , you would allow nude adults to loiter near a playground ? 
  urination is actually very hygienic : urine is so hostile to microbial life that it acts as a disinfectant . 
  pissing on wounds is a valid emergency survival procedure . 
  it just seems unhygienic because `` ickiness '' - perhaps because it could pollute sources of drinking water , but that is n't really an issue these days . 
  actually , masturbating into a sock is n't unhygienic either . 
  should people be allowed to masturbate outside ? 
  in that case there 's still nothing to lose in the attempt , and they still make it if they manage to slip through the cracks and make landfall , so it would still be a profitable situation for them . 
  how about southern europe ? 
  i have n't been to the east much , but the west is definitely lame compared to the south . 
  do they need to meet all conditions , or just one ? 
  the uni-graduation especially seems counterproductive for your purposes . 
  would n't it make more sense to do it like american green cards and admit people of any education level as long as they have a guarantor who can give them a job and is partially responsible for their actions ? 
  public nudity and/or urination included ? 
  2101 ( war was beginning ), 
  would you accept having all european royal houses be married into the british one , but having europe otherwise stay democratic ? 
  that 's what they said about the dragon eggs , and look how that turned out . 
  checkmate , maesters . 
  we already restrict parents from homeschooling or other forms of education we deem insufficient . 
  we would merely need to add a standard for multicultural socialisation to the already existing standards of certification for recognised schools , like being able to spell or know basic algebra . 
  ( the actual details of how to implement such a system are complicated and best left to experts or explored through experimental research . 
  my point is that it 's not a stretch from a civil liberties standpoint ) . 
  more generally , the development of hostile cultures can be reduced by limiting immigration of new demographic groups until a positive subculture has formed , positive discrimination , civil engineering to prevent ghettoes , social support for the disenfranchised , promotion of nuance in public discourse , spreading immigrants out over the country ( as opposed to putting them in a couple of large neighborhoods ) , etc. 
  i think we should allow hate speech , and therefore nazism and this exhibition . 
  hostile cultures , if foolishly let into our country in large numbers , should be ` hugged to death ' : forced to deal with freedom , the larger culture and philosophy , and into a state of mutual openness where steps can be taken to ensure the superior culture is usually the victor . 
  that would take a budget and an active policy . 
  the best policy is still to prevent the development of hostile encysted subcultures in the first place . 
  promote open discourse , correct mistakes rather than get upset at them , keep immigration low , especially with new cultures and nationalities which do n't have good examples of integration , etc. 
  i have no problem with generous social policies . 
  for a closed socially cohesive system it actually benefits the economy overall as people have time to develop their skills when poor , but are looked down upon by their peers if they waste their time . 
  the problem is that rapid immigration creates a sizeable community which has a decent chance of failing to become cohesive with the rest of the country , and that community then has a chance of developing norms which parasitise on the society as a whole . 
  even reasonably careful selection , like the immigration of moroccans in the netherlands , can create problematic subcultures , but the current policy of unrestricted economic migration ( on northern europe 's part ) is a great selection method if you only want opportunists . 
  anglos use ` liberal ' to refer to the social policy , not the economic one , with as primary opponent conservatism . 
  it 's ` liberal ' to let gay people marry or promote multiculturalism . 
  maintaining equality and acceptance ( and a functioning economy , low crime rates , peace with foreign countries , functional education , etc. ), 
  requires elevation of certain lifestyles over others . 
  at the very least it requires the elevation of doing a job over not doing a job ( a tribe where resources are distributed equally , regardless of labor , ceases to exist ) , though realistically it also requires elevation of respect for the law , respect for others , respect for authorities , respect for basic human needs , rights and imperfections , valuing the lives of people born far away and in the future , compassion , respect for scientific truth , etc. 
  you do n't want a society with forced equality and acceptance , beyond a certain level at least . 
   so we may as well use that capacity to fill the holes of any renewable irregularity . 
  this is exactly my position , though we may differ on how large those irregularities would be . 
  fission ( or fossil fuels ) is necessary until we have developed a viable alternative - be it energy storage in natural gas , batteries , or hypercapacitors , fusion , or something else entirely . 
   the proportion of renewable energy that the net can use proved to be much higher than expected . 
  unless the portion of total usage that comes from renewable sources is also higher than expected , what you are saying means that renewables produce less energy ( when it would n't be used ) than expected . 
   in addition , the marginal cost of electricity generated by renewables is essentially zero this is only true if renewables are producing more energy than required , which means that the cost is zero because you 've already wasted billions of euros building infrastructure which is n't being used . 
  the average cost per kwh does n't decrease , because the marginal cost during peak hours increases proportionally . 
  a solar panel that is n't being used costs the same ( per unit of time ) as a solar panel that is being used , no matter how you try to hide it in unintuitive terminology . 
  with storage techniques , you would be able to recover a certain fraction of otherwise wasted power , so storage techniques would indeed be incentivised ** if and only if ** renewables cost at most that fraction of the cost of fission ( or fossil fuels ) , in terms of euros per marginal yearly-average produced watt . 
  wikipedia tells me that the technology for lithium extraction from seawater is n't there yet , and currently lithium is produced by extracting it from minerals . 
  it also says that we 'll run out of lithium within a decade at the current rate , so i would rather rely on fission power plants right now which have proven themselves to be reliable and have enough reserves to carry us through this century . 
  release it into the atmosphere . 
  it would take a million years of powering the entire planet at the current rate of consumption to increase the atmospheric oxygen content by as much as the last century of industry has lowered it by turning it into co2 . 
  however , the last century increased the amount of co2 in the air by 33 % of the pre-industrial amount , while that million years of fusion would increase the amount of oxygen by 0.5 % of the pre-industrial amount , so the effects on the climate would be far less . 
  so we would be creating a problem to be solved by our progeny somewhere in the next couple million years . 
  by that time , we can probably create artificial miniature black holes which turn matter into energy at 100 % efficiency through hawking radiation . 
  after that , we have a couple trillion years to find a way to reverse entropy . 
  in other words , i feel confident about kicking that particular can down the road and focussing on just getting fusion in the next very short and very busy century . 
   so for example , for a lithium battery you need lithium , a inert gas i 'm hardly an expert on chemistry , but lithium is an alkali metal which means it burns and explodes on contact with water . 
  it 's also a solid at room temperature . 
  you may be thinking of helium , the product of fusion . 
  in general it would be very weird if a key component of a battery were inert : batteries are designed specifically to release a relatively large amount of concentrated energy in room temperature conditions with very little prompting . 
  also , by my calculations , it would take over a century at the current rate of mining before we have enough lithium to meet today 's nighttime energy requirements of the world , which means that even as a partial effective solution it would interfere heavily with electric car batteries . 
  yes , we do . 
  it 's called the ocean . 
  it would last us well into the fusion era . 
  ( solar and wind ca n't be full solutions because of nighttime and wind variability , there is n't enough rain in most places for hydro , fossil fuels cause global warming , etc. 
   this is only because we lacked a proper army to fight the germans . 
  yes , because the polish or french totally would have won if they had half a million extra soldiers each . 
  the european jews had proper armies defending them . 
  hundreds of thousands died to protect their freedom and their lives , but i guess they do n't count because those only had jews in them proportionally to the general population . 
  and after , over ten million people died to rescue them and their compatriots . 
  but again , who gives a shit , only on the order of a hundred thousand of them were jews , and their sacrifices apparently meant nothing to you . 
  also , i was n't comparing europe to the us , just saying that pro-israeli sentiment there is on the decline as well . 
  you are dependent on foreigners , yet determined to piss them off . 
  pretty good joke about the americans having little blood on their hands and being the defenders of freedom , though . 
  operation condor is n't exactly a secret anymore , and they never were too shy about causing chaos in mexico or a dictatorial coup in nicaragua either . 
  there 's an italian flag to the left of the american one . 
  there 's a television camera crew , and bleachers with men in top hats and suits surrounding the gate . 
  so i would guess a state visit . 
  imgur says 1900 , which coincides with the instatement of a new american ambassador , george von lengerke meyer , the assassination of the italian king umberto i , and ongoing legal troubles about the lynching of several italian citizens in tallulah , louisiana . 
  hypocrite . 
  and good luck surviving without our or the americans ' help . 
  how very israeli of you to rebuke accusations of wrongdoing with accusations of persecution and attempts to guilt trip people into submission . 
  i 'm sorry , but that particular line of credit is quickly running dry . 
  says the guy from a nation that regularly commits war crimes and performs reprisals on poorly maintained ghettoes . 
  ah yes , how could i forget about the quintessentially european state of iran ? 
  anyway , as far as i know there is no nation that would disagree with the assessment , and even you just insinuate that europe is racist instead of denying the claim . 
  they 've got guns . 
  if you ` just do it ' , your boats get sunk or captured because of trespassing . 
  if you feel the need to go to war to get a better deal , fine , but i would expect it to be cheaper and somewhat better for our reputation if you just give them to the lowest bidder . 
  as an illustrative example , mugabe might be willing to let us ship a million migrants to zimbabwe if we just give him a billion euros ( which is well over ten times cheaper than the current strategy ) . 
  it would be convenient to be able to dump just anyone , though i imagine that would be more expensive than a ` fairer ' deal , like returning people to the nation they embarked from , but it would be easier because you only need one negotiating partner to say yes . 
  though with that comment i meant the whole slew of options which involve dumping migrants elsewhere . 
  they ca n't help that us politicians are submissive bitches when it comes to campaign finances . 
  they 're complaining and getting lots of money because complaining is apparently such an effective strategy . 
  deals with african countries to be allowed to dump people on their shores is another commonly suggested option . 
  i do n't see how that contradicts what i 've said ( as implied by the ` no ' ) , though your comment is necessary for a fair judgment of the situation .
