  as for how it should be , i agree with the human rights courts on this one . 
  property is n't an inherent good , it 's a tool to distribute resources fairly and productively . 
  given his username , he 's probably a troll . 
  did you just assume their gender ? 
  germany , depicted here as female-presenting , is one of those nations that self-identifies as male . 
  the netherlands self-identify as plural neuter , but are also presented as a single feminine figure . 
  it worked for the uk . 
  privacy is the main one . 
  if you have a smartphone , your location , sounds near you , app usage , the websites you visit , the people you communicate with , your contacts , your texts and phone calls are recorded and stored by various governments ( the us , uk , canada , australia , new zealand , germany and netherlands , as far as i know have been confirmed , though there are undoubtedly others ) who often share that data with corporations . 
  if you use the internet , the data is stored regardless of whether it is encrypted , in the hopes that it can one day be recovered . 
  if you are tagged or spoken about by other people on the internet , that is included in your dossier . 
  if you have products delivered to you or buy them with digital money ( credit , debit ) , or give identifying information to a store , it is recorded . 
  if you walk near a street camera , that video is stored for years waiting for the moment we can automatically recognise people . 
  if you have an electronic device with an internal power supply and an internet connection , it can be turned on remotely and its data transferred to the cia and cooperating agencies and ngos . 
  this is n't paranoia , this is just some of the results from various leaks over the past decade . 
  you said you `` would n't be comfortable with '' a transgender president . 
  in english at least , that implies that specific trait is enough to make you worried about your long term well-being even if they otherwise seem fine . 
  many people are uncomfortable with trump or the alt-right or communists or immigration or nuclear power . 
  but people ( in the netherlands ) mostly would n't be/aren ' t uncomfortable with privatised health care , the occupation of crimea , brexit , a socialist government , german dominance in the eu , fossil fuels , etc. 
  i 'm not saying you have to completely erase your concerns about a transgender president 's hormones , i 'm arguing that those concerns should realistically be smaller than other concerns about presidents . 
  would you be more worried about a transgender president of your own party than a cis president of an opposition party ? 
  how about a transgender versus someone with a russian father ? 
  grandfather ? 
  or how about an atheist or protestant ? 
  or a really old or young guy ? 
  or a cis woman ? 
  or a rich guy ? 
  how about someone whose campaign promises about taxation you like a lot less , but who is otherwise in the same party ? 
  or someone whose smile just creeps you out ? 
  we ca n't have the perfect president based on current knowledge , and even if we could it would be better to experiment in order to figure out how to get better presidents . 
  also , if hormones matter so much , why are you so confident that cis men have the best possible hormones ? 
  should n't we preform experiments and possibly ban all men or women or women who are n't on the pill or post-menopausal or anyone with functioning sexual hormone production from holding public office , depending on the results ? 
  politicians do n't materialise the moment they run for office . 
  they have a history you can familiarise yourself with - how did they do in debate class in high school or university , in local party convention , as a city councillor , at the national convention , as a lesser member of parliament in a major party , or as minister ? 
  even if you choose not to familarise youself with it , you can assume it exists and that their party would n't have let them run without some vetting . 
  i do n't know . 
  maybe it can shoot over dykes ? 
  esa does n't quicksave , though . 
  vvd+cda+d 66 + groenlinks may be more likely . 
  d66 was punished for cooperation with the christian parties during the balkenende terms , and their agenda is very progressive compared to cu , with euthanasia and full legalisation of marijuana ( compared to the legal mess we have currently ) . 
  there 's a lot of difference between gl and cda and vvd too , but gl has been willing to trade hardline policies in the past ( notably kunduz ) . 
   fuck nuclear power  but keep importing nuclear power and burn through our gas reserves classic nimby , where groningen ^ 1 apparently is distant enough not to be our back yard . 
  [ 1 ] north-easternmost province , sparsely populated , has gas reserves in the ground . 
  gas extraction has caused the land to sink , causing earthquakes and billions of euros in damage . 
  you 're guaranteed a seat at 0.666 % repeating , but you can still realistically get a seat at a lower amount because of the way seats are distributed . 
  because there are twenty parties now , i 'd guess a party with 0.60 % of the vote would still have an even chance of getting a seat . 
  we 're not exactly known for holding grudges , though . 
  we voted against association with ukraine when their separatists shot down a plane with 198 dutch civilians two years earlier . 
  divide the number of votes by 150 to get the seat quotum , which i 'll indicate with sq. 
  a set of parties can share their votes . 
  if one party in the set gets 0.55 xsq votes and the other gets 0.46 xsq , then the party with 0.55 xsq gets one seat . 
  the set can be arbitrarily large . 
  if they did n't share their votes then , in the first round of assigning seats , neither would get any seats because neither pass 1 full seat . 
  this method pretty much always leaves some seats empty ( 15.99 xsq votes is still 15 ) , and if no parties are sharing , in your example all 150 would be empty , or ` remainder seats ' . 
  to distribute remainder seats , the following procedure is followed ( neglecting vote sharing for the moment ) : take the total number of votes , divided by ( sq * ( the number of seats assigned to the party +1 ) ) . 
  so if you have a party with 0.97 xsq votes , it gets zero full seats , so the outcome is 0.97 xsq/sqx1 = 0.97 . 
  a party with 15.8 xsq votes has a value of 15.8 / 16 = 0.9875 . 
  the party with the biggest value ( so in this case the one with 15.8 xsq votes ) is given one seat extra , then the process repeats . 
  if two parties have exactly the same outcome , the seat is assigned by chance . 
  so if everyone voted for themselves , you would get 150 random people . 
  if 151 people voted for one party and everyone else voted for themselves , that one party would get 150 seats ( because 151/150  1 ) . 
  if the biggest parties got 0.995 xsq , 0.990 xsq , 0.985 xsq , etc. , down to 0.250 xsq , then the first fifty parties would be assigned two seats and the second fifty parties would be assigned one seat . 
  if the above procedure , which ignores vote sharing , results in a party getting zero seats , the votes for that party are discarded . 
  then , the distribution of remainder seats is calculated again , but this time considering vote sharing sets as a single party . 
  this gives the actual final number of seats per vote sharing set , and per party which is not member of a vote sharing set . 
  this means that if there is a vote sharing set of two parties who got 0.45 xsq and 0.4 xsq , and all larger parties got at least 3xsq , then that vote sharing set will get zero seats , while if vote sharing sets were considered single parties from the outset , they 0.45 xsq party would get one seat . 
  within a vote sharing set , remainder seats are assigned to parties in order of which party has the largest absolute remainder , as long as they got more votes than 0.75 xsq ( even if their votes were discarded above ) . 
  so if you have a vote sharing set with 0.7 xsq and another with 10.2 xsq and 35 % of voters voted for themselves and the set was assigned 11 seats , the party with 10.2 xsq would get 11 seats and the party with 0.7 xsq would get none . 
  ( if less than 30 % of voters voted for parties which do n't have representation , then the set could only have been assigned 10 seats ) . 
  if there are still seats to distribute withing a vote sharing set , such as if the biggest two parties with 0.6 xsq and 0.3 xsq votes respectively were in a set , then take the number of votes for each party divided by ( sqx ( the number of seats assigned to the party +1 ) ) , and give a seat to the highest valued party , then repeat ( though i do n't think that should be mathematically possible ) . 
  tl ; dr yes , there are rules . 
  your face is stupid . 
  to be fair , it 's also important to demonstrate that the catalonians who want independence are a significant portion of the people and that their cause is worthy of respect . 
  if catalonian separatists were a truly tiny minority , like groninger separatists in the netherlands , it could be a waste of administative resources to go through the trouble to rewrite the constitution . 
  in 1981 [ a dutch joke party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tegenpartij ) was predicted to get 17 % of the seats in parliament , before the creators disbanded the party because they felt the joke had gone too far . 
  to change the law on that party 's behalf would be silly . 
  the fact that i have n't heard anything bad about the catalonians from anyone but the spanish implies you guys are pretty legit , but technically your argument is n't sufficient to prove the spanish disrespect catalonia or its people . 
  she would turn down being the absolute ruler of a nation of five million for the sake of neutrality in england ? 
  if i were her i 'd abdicate from the english throne rather than give up that opportunity . 
  though it seems plausible that there would be a diplomatic solution where the queen plays an even smaller part in english affairs but is allowed to remain head of state . 
  / r/all contains content from all subs . 
  ( this is limited to three posts per sub . 
  the global mods can shadowban posts and automatically shadowban sticky posts , but shadowbanned posts stil count towards the limit even though they are invisible on / r/all . 
  posts are sorted similarly to the frontpage of a subreddit ( / r/europe but not / r/europe/new or / r/europe/top ) ) . 
  / r/popular is / r/all minus several unpopular subreddits , mostly american political ones . 
  the front page reddit.com ( without / r / anything ) for people who are not logged in , and for people who have just made an account and have n't changed their subscribed subreddits , contains a number of global default subreddits like / r/videos and / r/news , and a number of regional default subreddits probably based on your ip address , like / r/europe and / r/the _ netherlands . 
  we do gifts , yeah , though do n't bring something too lavish or you 'll make the rest of the guests feel guilty . 
  confer with others that will be attending about what you should get , get something from their wish list , or just give them some money or vouchers in a handwritten card . 
   the most successful immigrant nations always were about assimilation . 
  i 'm pretty sure the us was n't . 
  [ building a better toyota prius ] ( https://xkcd.com/687/ ) . 
  you can have coexisting parallel cultures just fine , as long as they respect each other . 
  the dhimmi in the islamic golden age , greeks and egyptians in the roman empire , satrapies of the achaemenid empire , protestant hardliners in modern europe , jews in poland and the netherlands , chinese provinces in many imperial dynasties , etc. 
  the problem is that most interpretations of the koran from the 17th century onward are intolerant and disrespectful . 
   the uk wo n't tolerate joining the eu without getting a comparable benefit ftfy . 
  if the uk economy goes to shit after brexit and rejoining the eu without privileges would fix that , they may still rejoin . 
  i agree there 's little to no chance of them joining if the uk gdp ppp drops by less than 30 % , but that may not be the case . 
  you probably are n't the target audience . 
  if i had to guess , it would be facebook ads , fake news websites , television ads on private channels like veronica and tlc , internet banner ads , adware , etc. 
  ad agencies nowadays have gotten quite good at recognising specific audiences and limiting exposure to certain groups .
