  it 's great for creating a circlejerk and exterminating nuance , so yeah you could chase away the ` right wing ' , but i can only hope you wo n't like what you 're left with . 
   we must stop the imperialists and fanatics that keep wreaking havoc in the middle east . 
  how would you even go about doing that ? 
  embargo the us ? 
  declare war on the saudis ? 
  enter georgia and ukraine and iraq into nato ? 
  maybe there 's some european imperialism we could cut down on , but even then i would estimate that if you do n't play , you just lose , and our ` allies in the region ' would get supplanted by russian or saudi or chinese ( or american ) stooges and there would be civil wars funded by those parties . 
  and even if somehow we manage to bring peace to the middle east , there 's still the fact that that was only the source of half the current refugees . 
  people from somalia or sudan or afghanistan do n't come here because of imperialism , they come here because they do n't have anything , the global free market does n't offer them anything , and local warlords are ruining their lives fighting over resources they 'll never own . 
  and things are going to get a lot worse as climate change and increasing population continue to increase the pressure . 
  why the hell would we want a free trade agreement with countries that have much less social benefits that we do ? 
  if we have 50 % income tax and they have 20 % , surely their products would defeat ours in the free market ? 
  yes , except with free access for journalists and human rights inspectors , and always giving people the option to leave to whatever safe country will accept them , and giving them the treatment pr would then make necessary . 
  also maybe make it so everyone could leave to at least one safe country . 
   for the last decades ` fighting for you country ' has meant ~ ~ bombing arabs ~ ~ driving through guerrilla territory in lightly armored vehicles while some of your friends bomb arabs . 
  ftfy, 
  adjust your monitor color balance , it 's dark green on the image . 
  some aircraft , maybe renting some space and maintenance staff for them on other countries ' airfields . 
  and in terms of fact ? 
  or if that 's too broad : economic wealth and security , autonomy , social status , etc. 
  i 'm not sure how reliable such an investigation is . 
  a lot of yes-supporter rhetoric was focused on the notion that voting ` no ' to oppose the eu was stupid . 
  this means there may have been a [ social desirability bias ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_desirability_bias ) in favour of giving an anti-ukraine answer . 
  looking at the primary author 's history , he 's a political scientist specialised in direct forms of democracy and referenda , so he could have a personal bias to present referenda as more effective than they are . 
  this would explain why the author immediately concludes that the polls are truth instead of including disclaimers for possible biases and errors , though that may just be the general crappiness of political science . 
  any sane nation with nuclear weapons is willing to escalate tensions to the point of nuclear war . 
  if you are unwilling , that is precisely when an opponent will take advantage of that weakness and take your stuff until you become willing or until you no longer exist . 
  see , for example , nato expansion in the 1990s . 
  russia was briefly unwilling to escalate to nuclear war following the collapse of the soviet union , so nato quickly broke its promises and expanded into eastern europe . 
  nato is willing to escalate tensions to nuclear war , for example if an act of war is committed by a nuclear power on even a small country . 
  they 're elected officials charged with writing and approving laws to govern the country or the union . 
  how can they do their jobs without exerting their personal opinions on everyone ? 
  the point of mentioning gdp is that your economic prosperity for a large part stems from the financial sector , where privileged access to a large economy is key . 
  if the british gdp was large enough to be a good location for top-tier international trading , like the us economy is , then britain would n't have to worry . 
  you would have another choice because companies could profit massively by trading with you . 
  the point is to see why they do better , not wallow in misery . 
  it depends on whether you think ideas or geographical location is more important . 
  my ideal candidate knows what he is supposed to represent because that was what his party/personal program said . 
  he can keep in contact with his voters through party congresses or the internet . 
   good italian trains triggered, 
  sure , it just happens to go against the opinion of 99 % of the scientific community and play straight into the hands of the protestant league . 
  if heliocentricity could n't be labeled as fake news by an italian printing press , you 're also excluding a lot of actual fake news in modern times , such as ` scientists ' ` disproving ' climate change . 
  should galileo 's publication on helicentrism have come with a mandatory disclaimer that it was fake news ? 
  was the pope right to punish him for not including one ? 
  that does n't work for mobile users . 
  when he wrote that , throwing your shit out the window and into the street was in that same top 10 , and so was beating your children . 
  i do n't think an argument from popularity is quite sufficient here . 
  that 's like saying india was part of europe because it was part of the british empire . 
  corfu was always known as a colony of venice , rather than a proper part of it , as far as i can tell from some wikipedia-ing . 
  economic isolation and stagnation , similar to japan . 
  what does england have to offer now that they 're set to lose privileged access to the european economic area ? 
   and they spy on us implying european intelligence agencies do n't spy on europeans . 
  to be fair , the americans seem easier to coax into fighting other people 's wars than the spanish . 
  hey , at least our politicians get more reasonable around election season , not more toxic . 
  that 's better than some countries . 
  decent by certain standards may well above the median standard of living of several ` safe return ' countries , like afghanistan , somalia , or myanmar . 
  you have to get more concrete if you want to demonstrate something is unjustifiably wrong . 
  though again , even if they threw them in gas chambers it would be less of a humanitarian disaster than the current european migration policy . 
  ( though throwing people into gas chambers speaks more ill of your moral character than allowing people to kill themselves trying to qualify for your charity , which is why one is a crime against humanity while the other is `` not being inhumane '' ) . 
  europe does n't border any countries that are at war either . 
  according to [ this website ] ( https://www.humanrights.gov.au/immigration-detention-statistics ) there are currently only 1500 people in those camps . 
  for every one person in those camps , three migrants * drowned to death * trying to cross into europe in the past year . 
  the australian solution would be more humane even if they outright executed everyone in those camps , let alone if they meet their basic needs and give them the right to be ferried back to their country of origin free of charge like they actually do . 
  and of course conditions in those camps are bad : the point is to make it not worth it to attempt the crossing , which means conditions have to be worse than those in a random third world country . 
  that 's why there are so few people in those camps , which is why australia is responsible for much less suffering of migrants than europe . 
  the distance between gibraltar and tel aviv is less than the total length of germany 's borders . 
  the iron curtain was 95 % of the minimal distance across the edge of eu territory from romania , across cyprus , around tangier , all the way to the canary islands . 
  it 's totally within our capability to protect the external european border , and much less work than trying to secure internal borders , especially without significantly hampering trade . 
  they 're trying to give the impression of trying . 
  security theatre . 
  their views are so contrary to what he expects to be common knowledge for someone in their position that he ca n't understand how people could honestly subscribe to those views . 
   it 's just kind of childish humor that tries too hard to be provocative given they achieved world fame through provoking a terrorist attack against them , i 'd say they succeeded with flying colors . 
  in the netherlands we fuck ants ( mierenneuken ) instead . 
  it 's about attractions , not specific properties . 
  the czechs , slovaks and baltics have entire districts . 
  norway has a geographic location which is 20 square kilometers . 
  as long as the entire attraction has roughly the same atmosphere and reason for being attractive , it makes sense to list it as a single thing . 
  has their government actually violated any human rights yet ? 
   the victim is the victim and a crime is a crime , it does n't matter if he spat on the feet of the killer 's friend or in his eye . 
  that 's completely wrong . 
  if you spit in someone 's eye , that is assault , and the victim of that assault would be shown leniency in any punishment they get for assaulting you back . 
  courts totally take circumstances like provocation into account in deciding appropriate punishment . 
  i 'm not sure if hitting someone who spit in your eye would even count as assault , because it 's just fighting back . 
  everybody he does n't like is a nazi . 
  the conversation stopped just being about finland a while ago . 
  talk about your perverse incentives . 
  i think he 's being sarcastic ? 
  it should surprise no-one that the us and russia are selling weapons to muslim extremists , as well as drug gangs in america and warlords and dictators in africa . 
  actually winning by the rules laid out in advance , not significantly different from how it was in the country 's noblest times ? 
  it 's almost as if democracy is more complex than a tyranny of the majority . 
  by the amount of complaining they do , not to mention their foreign policy , they 're already there . 
  \\  implying `` there are three kinds of lie : lies , damned lies , and statistics '' \\ - unknown , some time before 1891 . 
  trust is n't binary . 
  i trust the courts to do a decent job at determining the guilt of politically neutral murderers . 
  i do not trust the courts to determine the mass of the higgs boson , or whether building another subway line in the capital is a good investment , or whether an ethical statement is true or false . 
  but it does n't even come down to the courts . 
  public or private prosecutors can be politically biased in determining whether or not to charge organisations over a given link . 
  facebook can be politically biased in deciding between fighting them or acquiescing or removing content in advance . 
   we 're talking about specific websites that have popped up that profit off of completely making shit up and presenting it as a real event . 
  like the onion .
