  if it 's just greece , right now i would put 30 % chance of the eu invading greece and toppling its government . 
  if it 's just greece , but after the election of golden dawn or a similar far-right party , that chance grows to 75 % . 
  if they do n't , see the eu-sanctioned section . 
  correct . 
  seems less convenient than just shooting them , but maybe more palpable because it 's passive . 
  okay , so that would violate turkish sovereignty . 
  which in international politics ranks a lot higher than human rights violations on non-citizens . 
  not sure what turkey would do , actually . 
  they would be entitled to shoot down our ships . 
  by the time the deal with turkey is struck and ratified by the turks , a ship could have sailed around the world . 
  it is n't a ` short term ' solution compared to strong external borders , it 's just one that is more convenient to bureaucrats and career politicians . 
  that does n't work when migrants sink their own ships . 
  the third world is willing to accept lower costs of labor , with worse or absent pensions , health care , safety regulations , quality of life of workers , etc. 
  globalisation makes use of that cheap labor at practically no extra cost . 
  if a nation were to protect its industries by making up for the more expensive labor , that nation itself would fall behind others because that money has to come from somewhere ( more expensive products , worse products , lower standards of living , higher taxes , etc. 
  fewer *, 
  i 've been to athens . 
  of all greek places to turn into a giant refugee camp , i 'm glad it 's that . 
  specifically , people like putin . 
  collectively paying ( merkel 's european solution ) to properly secure the outer eu border ( everyone else 's lack of migrants ) . 
  there 's the option of neutrality . 
  let them leave amicably or let them stay with no special care . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  are you agreeing with my interpretation of / u/fuppen 's comment ? 
  because your tone seems accusatory but your argument only seems to make sense as agreement . 
  ` we ' as in proponents of the policy . 
  that 's a very forgiving way to phrase uncompromising and obstinate . 
  at what point ? 
  when they leave the turkish coastline ? 
  legally it probably is . 
  what are you taking about ? 
  i named examples of what we could do to do things better . 
  emigration to a different eu country on a long-term or permanent basis . 
  it 's up to you how far you want to go in preparing for this possibility . 
  better safe than sorry , but you can easily go into territory which is time-consuming , expensive , or * generally considered weird * . 
  some examples , though : try to make contacts for a possible replacement job abroad . 
  put a portion of your savings in stable , foreign accounts . 
  plan an escape route which can takes you out of the country . 
  stock up on emergency supplies , and make sure that if your house was looted and/or burnt to the ground , it would n't be the end of the world . 
  ( e.g. 
  by having a safety net of other people , or putting some essentials in a safe secondary position , and having cloud backups of valuable information ) . 
  carry useful tools and supplies with you most of the time - passport , survival food , pocket knife , lighter , phone with extra external batteries , etc. 
  have a backpack or similarly easily carriable object ready next to your bed which you can grab and just run with into the night and still survive . 
  people with no regard for the law could also try to get their hands on a gun , though i can only condemn such behaviour . 
  the next election is scheduled for october 2019 . 
  at the current rate , by that time there would be about 7 million migrants in greece , with a native population of 11 million . 
  in other words : too little , far too late . 
  that seems like an odd demand to make of turkey . 
  why would they have to secure a neighbour 's borders ? 
  how are they even supposed to charge someone with trying to cross into a border country in a way that country does n't like ? 
  what would the punishment be ? 
  what if the target country disagrees on what is reasonable ? 
  the only way it makes sense is that nations defend their own borders . 
  they can decide not to , and they can sign treaties for more complicated mechanisms ( like frontex ) , and those treaties can even become normal ( like police rather than owners taking care of trespassers ) , but by default the only one who can be expected to guard your territory is you . 
  except for the 60 % that are n't syrian . 
  the plans are n't mutually exclusive . 
  better to be prepared than unprepared if you ever change your mind . 
  if i were greek i would make preparations to evacuate . 
  i hope that wo n't be necessary , but at the rate things are going it 's a wise investment . 
  also it 's nice to be ahead of the curve on this sort of thing . 
  in case you have n't noticed , the entire world is pretty shit . 
  migrants are much better off in turkish refugee camps or where-ever they originally came from than many sub-saharan africans are in their own homes . 
  if we have a duty to help non-europeans , that duty means helping people as much as possible , and helping people with $ 5000 + of discretionary spending to become unemployed people in europe does n't do that nearly as much as , say , buying every african farmer a pair of cows , or preventing malaria at $ 60 pp , or curing parasitic infections at $ 30 pp . 
  not really . 
  another stereotype is that poland is a post-soviet dump , so you come across as hardworking and honest compared to other minorities from poor countries , which have more lazy or criminal stereotypes . 
  the eu already imposes its carbon emissions trading system , which requires companies to [ buy ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/clima/policies/ets/cap/auctioning/index_en.htm ) the right to emit co2 from governments . 
  i do n't see how taxation ` mission creep ' would be a bad thing , or how we would have to fear them taxing everything any more than we have to fear it from national governments . 
  because taxing is more profitable , because an expensive product can still outcompete an illegally smuggled one , because banning something nearly harmless grows resentment , and because the chandelier in my parents ' house was designed with a particular shape of lightbulb in mind which now ca n't be obtained legally . 
  why not a tax on unliked goods , like many countries have on tobacco or gasoline ? 
  that way people who do want inefficient lightbulbs or kettles can get them , and the tax money can go to offsetting their carbon footprint , developing more advanced replacements , or more indirect benefits which still outweigh the downside of having inefficient kettles . 
  like , with sticks ? 
  what if the boat is sinking ( deliberately ) ? 
  how ? 
  you proposed turning them back as a better alternative to just shooting them . 
  if it is n't a valid option , we go back to the shooting them plan . 
  what does ` turning them back ' physically involve ? 
  turkey wo n't accept shipments of them ( like with australia ) except at unfavourable terms , and it seems unlikely that migrant ships would have the durability to go back to indonesia . 
  as for how tremendous the effort is , this is fate of nations-level stuff . 
  it 's worth our attention . 
  try to project further . 
  thousands have already drowned . 
  they wo n't stop just because one person got killed . 
  are they even able or willing to enforce the solution , when refugees do the obvious thing and try to push through with hundreds of thousands of people at the same time ? 
  at the current rate , within a year of the borders being closed , the migrant population in greece would exceed the population of macedonia , and be able to stand shoulder to shoulder along the entire greek-european land border . 
  how would they stop that ? 
  to get to lunar orbital velocity you need rockets or more expensive things . 
  asteroids are more varied and can be pushed more gently down to earth using solar-powered drives . 
  until we 've build a dyson sphere around the sun , mining on the moon would only be cheaper if you 're using the resources on the moon . 
  it 's simple : you just have to care more about the state of the world than about the lightness of your own heart . 
  the same reason you probably do n't announce your opinion on migration to your colleagues , peers , and especially those with power over you either : it 's too easy to ruin someone 's career by calling them a nazi for being slightly less open towards migrants than is the norm . 
  when is the next election ? 
  if migrants get stuck in greece , their numbers increase by 10 % of greek population per year . 
  if the rate of increase over the past year keeps up , they would be the majority of the population in four years . 
  even if golden dawn is elected in two years , and there are somewhere between two and five million migrants in greece , what is greece going to do ? 
  try to order a group of lawless people around whose number is at least a third of their combat-capable population ? 
  if the flow of migrants continues and greek borders to europe are closed , democracy can no longer save greece , because the greek state would not survive for five years . 
  ( nb : the numbers are off the top of my head . 
  i vouch for their accuracy with a 50 % margin for error ) . 
  i 'm a physicist . 
  be glad it 's just one order of magnitude .
