  maintaining friendly diplomatic relations with the democratically elected head of state of our ally hardly seems like a betrayal of european ideals . 
  [ 1 ] marshall aid , peaceful occupation of western germany , unequal defense budget in nato . 
  right - the land was ours , but then the luxemburgers wanted independence . 
  so when the luxemburgers are extinct , why would n't it default back to us ? 
  unless they have some kind of national equivalent to a last will , it seems like the most lawful choice . 
  obvious things are often wrong . 
  it 's nice to have a single easily accessible publication where most of the evidence has been combined . 
  in a federal system , the states still exist . 
  for ` the netherlands ' and ` germany ' to cease existing , you would either need to redraw state borders or turn the eu into a unitary nation . 
  do you have evidence of this , or is it just reasonable speculation ? 
  unless there is a limit on how often similar ideas can be voted on , that 's going to produce a bias towards chaotic changes because of voter fatigue . 
  are you saying catalonian independence would benefit the rest of spain ? 
  they might have other useful things to do , like reading up on the laws they 're supposed to vote on ( because just reading all the laws the european parliament passes would take more than a day per day ) , arguing with their party on how to vote or what sort of changes to insist on putting into the law as a condition for approving it , negotiating with other political parties , being informed about the opinions of their constituents and the people and ngos that would be affected by the laws , etc. 
  it 's diplomatically stupid to schedule people to ` address the meps ' , but that 's the fault of the people who do the scheduling , not of the audience that honestly has better things to do and is not required to attend . 
  it 's probably an implied requirement for eu recognition , though . 
  i do n't think they have religious ideas , or the admin to get deus vult quickly . 
  maybe they should take vatican city so they can release and play as the papal state ? 
   where only rich people see the gains from lower costs . 
  this depends entirely on how the government handles things . 
  even if regular consumers somehow do n't directly profit from cheaper household items , they could be made to benefit by raising taxes on those that do profit directly and increasing social security benefits for those that miss out . 
  i do share your sentiment of mistrust . 
  ttip was a bad deal , and many ftas seem to include provisions that make regulation of companies much more difficult . 
  i would expect euroskepic parties like the greens to make more of a fuss about this if it 's really bad , though . 
  lower birth rates and more costs on health care and geriatric care ( via increased longevity because of increased happiness ) are the only ones i could think of . 
  if it is politically motivated , it implies that investigators are being less critical of other parties . 
  if she is found guilty and it is politically motivated , either the investigators were lucky or other parties are guilty of worse . 
  the fact that two people resigned from macron 's cabinet is evidence , but not proof . 
  maybe if the investigators were fair , they would have dug deep enough to find cause to arrest five of them . 
  it 's a hard to disprove claim that fits well within the established victimhood narrative that is common in many political movements these days . 
  they do n't strictly have evidence , but it sounds about right , so they believe it . 
  as discussed in [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6kenk9/germany_votes_for_50m_euro_social_media_fines/djlixsz/?utm_content=permalink&amp;utm_medium=front&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=europe ) comment branch , the height of the fine means moderators and algorithms will err on the side of caution . 
  anyone caught in the middle with phrases like `` erdogan is a cunt '' or `` i do n't feel comfortable now that all my neighbours are arabic '' can not be communicated with by reasonable people , which means that any point they have is lost , as well as any hope of making them see reason . 
  so change trademark law ( if that 's even necessary ) ? 
  exclusivity and control are logically independent concepts : you can be exclusive with your so , but that does not imply that you can unilaterally decide when to have sex . 
  they allowed croatia to enter the eu under the condition that this matter were to be settled by arbitration rather than a court decision - by having a third party decide what is reasonable and fair , rather than what is the letter of the law . 
   you do n't need to attend a live speech to get incited but it helps a lot . 
  it 's the same difference as between listening to some recorded music or attending a concert . 
  people are engrossed by the mood of the crowd , and if that mood is devotion to erdogan they 'll go along . 
  even outside the direct speech , the social dynamics of asking your friends to attend the rally contributes to polarising the community , enabling erdogan supporters to be more organised . 
  the effect of seeing probably thousands of other turks from around germany supporting a cause you feel uncertain or isolated over can be motivating . 
  political rallies are definitely important for any cause . 
  why else would you think politicians still do it ? 
  children ca n't legally consent ( or in the case of nonverbal infants , are physically unable to consent ) , which makes the child 's ` consent ' mostly irrelevant where medical issues are concerned . 
  children do not have the legal right to refuse any medical treatment their legal custodians ( e.g. 
  parents ) force on them , though if the legal custodians abuse this power , doctors have a duty to refuse and inform child protective services to revoke their custody . 
  `` my son got an artificial heart without his consent '' . 
  `` my son was trapped in an incubator without his consent '' . 
  `` my son got a flu shot without his consent '' . 
  moreover , your statement holds true for 99 % of people who are circumcised , which makes it a pretty bad descriptor of what is noteworthy about this particular instance . 
  collagen , i assume . 
  the stuff that makes skin pliant . 
  naturally common in the skin of children and penises , so presumably very common in child penises . 
   yup , as intended naturalistic fallacy . 
  vaccines are n't a natural / ` intended ' part of the world either , but we generally do support their being semi-mandatory for young children . 
  something something original sin . 
  something something test of faith , see the book of job x : y. 
  * just drone things *, 
  even if it is n't zero , it may be less than the number of people that drown under the currentsystem . 
  monopoly does n't exist solely from the perspective of the consumer , it also exists from the perspective of competitors . 
  google 's monopoly makes it unviable for companies to compete with them without a ludicrously large and high-risk up-front investment . 
  bing is objectively worse , and size is a significant part of that through economies of scale ( such as analysing search behaviour by users to improve search results ) . 
  fighting against such monopolies is good for the rate of innovation , because it enables competition , making it worthwhile for other companies to invest in search engine technologies or invent markets which interfere with google 's plans , and putting pressure on google to stay on top of their game . 
  as someone currently working in a job that involves answering e-mails , yes they would . 
  staff changes , messages not being filed properly ( put in the wrong staffer 's in-box ) , changing priorities , changes in workload , creation of new standard forms - lots of things can explain a 5 month delay , and you regularly end up answering 5 month old e-mails . 
  do we want that kind of quarrel in the eu ? 
  if serbia does n't want albania to join but albania does n't mind serbia joining , should n't that count strongly against serbia 's accession ? 
  does the acquis have articles about being good neighbours ? 
   blame the dutch only article :   partially liable ? 
  is n't spitting people in the face assault ? 
  and refusing to help people because of their race or religion illegal discrimination ? 
  both of which are crimes ? 
  the estimated costs to rulemakers/employers depend a lot on public opinion . 
  do they sympathise with the people on strike , or the people who stick to the status quo ante ? 
  given the public response to brexit , i would estimate that google would have to pull of one hell of a marketing campaign for them not to come out looking like the villain . 
  did you vote leave , by any chance ? 
  because you seem to be overestimating the amount of leverage foreign powers have on the eu , and the effect punishing eu citizens for the eu trying to protect their prosperity would have on those citizens ' opinions . 
  just get anschlussed by them again ? 
  [ yeah , check of this oppressive-looking perpective ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/8/7020/6413191959_8203069b27_b.jpg ) , looming over the common people . 
  [ zeerust ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/zeerust ) . 
  it 's possible that the authority of a certain historical state is n't recognised . 
  the russian federation could declare not to be a successor state to the soviet union , but instead to the [ russian soviet federative socialist republic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_soviet_federative_socialist_republic ) . 
  if so , the russian federation is under no obligation to fulfill the promises of a foreign and now non-existent state that happened to rule over their predecessor . 
  for example , neither east nor west germany were a successor state to nazi germany , or the german empire or holy roman empire by extension . 
  any deal you had made with the nazis ( including wages as a public servant ) or found out concerning the hre could not be enforced , except perhaps through the goodwill of those nations . 
  only when germany reunified , did it take on successor state status , which involved signing a [ new peace treaty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_on_the_final_settlement_with_respect_to_germany ) , because no peace had been made with the nazis . 
  this deal however invalidates many nazi promises by right of conquest . 
  however , russian federal law [ states ] ( http://constitution.garant.ru/act/base/10103790/ ) ( in article 1 paragraph 3 and article 37 paragraph 7 - thanks wikipedia ) that the russian federation * is * the successor state of the soviet union , a decision they have regularly benefited from . 
  afaik kosovo is n't a part of east germany . 
  can you put me up for `` the political situation changes before they recognise it '' . 
   i was talking about people who are capable of having a job . 
  yes , but was babis ? 
  the charles de gaulle was launched in 1994 , and it 's smaller than the british carrier by almost the same ratio as the british one is smaller than the us ones . 
  i do n't know , but here is what seems reasonable to me :  would it be a good army though ? 
  depends on the money spent on training exercises . 
  i do n't think any non-nuclear power would be a match , but the russians ( or chinese or americans ) could possibly still blitzkrieg us while the nukes fly overhead . 
   what language would we speak ? 
  english . 
  a good neutral language now that the origin country is leaving the union , and the de facto international language of the eu and world already . 
   how much would each country contribute ? 
  a certain minimum as deemed necessary for common defense , which is set progressively as with all eu funds ( germany pays more per capita than romania ) , plus budgets for offensive/discretionary capabilities which the countries can set themselves and/or which is regulated by the amount of support for offensive use each country gives .
