  you can tell by the way it is . 
  migration on the distance scale of 1000km has occurred rarely in europe in modern times . 
  the swiss may not be a well-defined ethnic group within europe , but they are definitely part of the ethnic groups known as germanics , western europeans , caucasians , whites , etc. 
  suppose it were to come out that people with an arab background were disproportionally likely to be mistreated in switzerland . 
  would you then say `` ethnicity does not apply , therefore there is no problem '' ? 
  why would it be any different if arabs were disproportionally likely to engage in mistreatment ? 
  are germanic people aryan in the same way , though ? 
  do you think nato would have invaded the countries it now includes , if they had not joined willingly ? 
  nice try moving the goalposts , by the way . 
  that 's true for protestant christianity , but for catholicism the authority of the pope * ex cathedra * is just as absolute as that of the caliphs , and much more absolute than a lay interpretation of the koran . 
  right now , the pope does n't say slavery is good , but he does say that having sex without a condom when you have hiv is good . 
  which is actually a major cause of the spread of aids in sub-saharan africa . 
  also wealth and education correlate with life expectancy . 
  if you went to university your life expectancy is 2 years above average in the netherlands , possibly more in lithuania . 
  i do n't think this post is likely to convince people who do n't trust the western media or sympathise with russia . 
  it 's useful because it reminds western europeans that the problem exist , but this is easy to dismiss as more propaganda . 
  russia does n't play a big part in the lives of western europeans . 
  things like this are useful to remind us that the problem still exists , because otherwise we might be preoccupied by more local problems . 
  technically that would be england 's problem , not scotland 's . 
  i do n't think scottish parliament has the authority to make such a deal with the eu , though , and the eu probably wo n't want to violate uk sovereignty over this . 
  strange . 
  i saw the net upvote count go from 9 to 10 when i upvoted ( so at least 10 upvotes ) , but now it 's at 7 with 11 total votes and an upvote percentage of 83 % ( so 9 upvotes ) . 
  either someone who upvoted this changed his mind , or upvotes are being removed . 
  who would decide what these laws consider wrong ? 
  the government ? 
  unelected judges ? 
  i get the instinct to ban bad things , but unless you 're careful that just leads to authoritarianism and tyranny . 
  in the netherlands , prices doubled in the first couple of years after the euro . 
  it seems plausible that the median dutch citizen would be better off right now if the treaty of maastricht ^ 1 had been signed by no-one . 
  in the long term , the eu will probably have a positive economic impact which trickles down to the regular population enough that the netherlands benefit . 
  and if the netherlands had chosen to opt out , it would be way worse off than it is now because of the economic exclusion . 
  but technically , the eu may have made the netherlands poorer . 
  certainly in 2006 . 
  [ 1 ] which codified the transformation of previous economic unions into the eu . 
  why would you use something as irrelevant as why the law was originally introduced as a reason against it ? 
  why not just point out the actual bad things about it , like how it disincentivises irish participation in international trade ? 
   yes , sure . 
  did it ever occur to you or your countrymen that the story of `` millions getting eu citizenship and coming to the uk '' was an even bigger lie than the 350 mil for the nhs ? 
  if your plans rely on people not being stupid , prepare to lose every single time . 
  harnessing the stormy will of the people and navigating to a change of government which you want to achieve is pretty much a politician 's job description . 
  merkel failed utterly in that regard , with respect to the migrant crisis ( unless her goal was a financially unstable eu with a brexit , a recession , being the turks ' bitch , weekly terrorist attacks , major internal conflicts , and a rise of the political right ) . 
  do you want a criminal underclass ? 
  because that 's how you get a criminal underclass . 
  it would still be cheap for them to move back , but now they would avoid contact with the police and government and focus on doing illegal , black market or grey market jobs , or begging . 
  unless you want to allow the police to break into private properties without probable cause in order to hunt down illegals . 
  it 's still usually romantic , though . 
  lots of drama , high-flying emotions , very colourful . 
  prayers in churches are ephemeral , prayers on facebook last until the nsa 's servers shut down . 
  forgive me if i 'm being commie scum here , but why the hell would you lower productivity in order to decrease unemployment ? 
  is n't that the definition of the broken window fallacy ? 
  which means he 'd totally be willing to sell putin nato documents for a reasonably low price . 
  hey , we have mountains !, 
  [ see !, 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1a/grebbeberg_the_netherlands.jpg ) [ see !, 
  ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/vaalserberg#/media/file:ac_vaalserberg.jpg ), 
  automation is continuing to replace higher and higher educated jobs . 
  the western nations are greying , and brics is growing rather quickly . 
  countries can adapt by building actually decent government it , changing elections to make better use of the high-bandwith always on internet somehow , changing social services and social norms to incentivise automation ( and have inventors from their country patent the methods ) rather than keeping people busily employed , among other things . 
  it has been pointed out that slavery may have held back innovation by lowering the price of human labor , making fewer technical solutions competitive in the short term . 
  the obligation to be employed seems very similar , in terms of economics . 
   and western politicians accusing erdogan is doing nobody any favors except erdogan himself it 's informing the public that the politician is hostile towards erdogan , and it 's informing them of the reasons why . 
  it may get some people to investigate the turkey situation more thoroughly . 
  these are important things in a functional democracy . 
  was n't he also purging judges and military officers ? 
  or are those political offices in turkey ? 
  it 's not a game . 
  they 'll denounce our barbarism , the imams will say that being forced into a state of sin does not prevent you from going to heaven , and that will be that . 
  what 's wrong with an embassy doing the best it can with a given budget , rather than trying to hire the best people for each and every job ? 
  then why do the finns care ? 
  in the us , blacks are linked to an often criminal underclass . 
  in europe , blacks are n't very common , so there are loads of decades-old or even centuries-old notions about black people vaguely floating around unchallenged . 
  so in the us , you have people who tell you not to trust that black guy because he could steal your shit . 
  in europe , you have a festival where everybody runs around in blackface because that 's what their ancestors did for centuries . 
  in the us , racism towards blacks is usually the tempered steel of live ethnic tensions with a minority with a different culture . 
  in europe , it 's blunt ignorance and preconceptions based off tradition , hearsay , and cultural diffusion . 
  racism towards people with ancestry from various islamic nations ( turks , moroccans , arabs , kosovars , etc. ), 
  is more like american racism towards blacks : muslims have formed a sizeable , and unfortunately often newsworthily troublesome part of the population over the past half century , which has created the standard tension towards people who like like they 're probably muslim . 
  that leaves out 40 % of women included in this survey , and 50 % of actual mothers of pre-pension age . 
  i do , so now what ? 
  endless dinner with boisterous extroverts would by my personal hell . 
  i 'll settle for the l-lewd handholding . 
  also i 'm pretty sure the 72 virgins do n't get replaced after consummation . 
  if they were , you would have to get very creative to actually tell the difference between 72 and 20 . 
  terrorism is n't the islamic end-goal , hostile takeover of europe is . 
  these are people intelligently working to maximise the negative impact on european society , so if sufficiently unchecked it 's reasonable that they 'll continue to grow as they have . 
  once terrorism is half as common as car crash fatalities , they would have plenty of manpower to save up , centralise , and sack a major european capital instead . 
  nb : ` half as common as car crash fatalities ' is 12000 deaths per year in the eu , a 50-fold increase from the current rate of terrorism . 
  that means islamists would have to save up for at most 50 years before having enough terrorists to sack a capital . 
  the rate of radicalisation is increasing , however , and they may not need as many troops as that . 
  so the real buildup time may be closer to a decade . 
  which means that unless we do something uncharacteristically good at fighting islamic radicalisation in europe , we 're going to see the sacking of at least one major european city sometime in the next 20 years . 
  does that worry you ? 
  or do you just say `` eh , it 's only a handful of cities , there 's only 0.1 % chance i would be a victim of that '' . 
  according to catholic dogma , the crusades were just as morally correct as anything the pope says now ex cathedra . 
  the bible is just an initial text left by the apostles , but the pope is an ongoing connection with god himself . 
  `` christian teachings '' as you present them are a protestant notion - the idea that you as a mere layman are capable of comprehending the mind of god ( as explained by church authorities ) is obscene to catholicism . 
  in catholicism , if ( the pope says ) god says ` jump ' , you say ` how high ? ' . 
  which means that if this pope would declare a crusade against isis and command every able-bodied catholic to buy an ak and head to the middle-east , that would be just as in spirit with catholicism as if he said what he 's saying now . 
  which means that outside the [ kayfabe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kayfabe ) of religion , the man known as pope francis can not use the apparent peacefulness of the bible as an excuse . 
  his job as the christian leader is , de jure , to be the voice of god on earth .
