  trusting the majority to converge on the right answer in public debate , rather than the most easily defensible . 
  trusting a nation to be able to take care of themselves and have everything eventually turn out okay if only you give them a fair chance . 
  trusting other countries not to be able to fuck over their economies for fun and profit without actually running their governments . 
  trusting the world to be fair enough that the right choice ca n't involve putting millions of patriots to the sword . 
  disregarding other evidence , which is more na\u00efve ? 
  to believe the world made the right choice and nations should be left to their own devices because they converge on the right answer through sheer humanity , or to believe that the world made a mistake because politics does n't converge to the right answer , and that it requires specific and arcane knowledge acquired through trial and blood-stained error to get people to stop killing and abusing each other long enough to build a prosperous society ? 
  ok . weird mistake , but whatever . 
  people 's lives have net positive value , and genocide saves no-one else , nor helps anyone nearly as much as it costs them . 
  depending on how you colonise you can easily hurt fewer people , or rather a smaller fraction of the population ( important when your aid cuts down enough on mortality rates to cause rapid population growth ) , than they otherwise would have been . 
  stopping tribal conflicts , having an effective police , reducing crime by offering more productive options , replacing internal wars with rebellions , health care , famine prevention , etc. 
  meanwhile you can cheaply help everyone in the knowledge you get a return on investment in the form of future taxation . 
  enlighten me . 
  and no , that would n't be good , because that would hurt people , which would be bad . 
  that 's not how reality works , though . 
  either colonies are a good idea or they are n't . 
  so ... any arguments against it ? 
  you 're implying i have any reservations about advocating colonialism as a possible solution . 
  i 'm asking you whether you have any arguments against that , other than mocking . 
  many people in europe do n't seem to have expected the system to be overwhelmed either . 
  and these migrants are people who went to europe voluntarily , at no small risk of their lives , out of a much larger pool of displaced people who stayed near their countries of origin . 
  the problem with those donations is how they 're done , not the entire concept of helping people . 
  donating food wrecks the local economy , donating money can easily be spent corruptly , but giving medicine does n't replace any local industries , investments can indeed be profitable for both sides as you mention , etc. 
  foreign aid does n't have to suck . 
  right now a lot of it does , because it is indeed often about making people feel good and padding resumes and padding pockets , but it 's not an inherent property . 
  though i suppose you may have a point that it could be better to just cut funding to foreign aid programs until they prove themselves effective , rather than continuing to fund the status quo while trying to change it . 
  so you have no reasoning to back up your position ? 
   i 'm offended at the notion that you think it is people 's duty to go around and impose on other people 's lives . 
  so you 're an anarchist ? 
   i am also offended by the notion that the problems you seek to fix ( such as africans being killed by boko haram ) have no clear solutions . 
  too bad , son , because that 's reality . 
  sometimes problems are hard . 
   do you side with the murderers in power or the murderers out in the bush ? 
  the nigerian government was fairly and democratically elected , with not significantly more blood on their hands than european governments , afaik . 
  the same with the malinese . 
   ... some semblance of civilization ? 
  if it works , do it . 
  if it does n't , do n't . 
  if you do n't know , try to figure out an test . 
  `` band-aids '' like curing smallpox help . 
  colonialism seems to have worked okay ; from tribalism to democracy in a couple hundred years , at a profit to the investor nation . 
  and as said above , there are functional democracies in former colonies which can be respected . 
   do you have the stomach to do what the allies did to germany , or russia does to its minorities , or what china does to tibet ? 
  is the first not considered a good thing ? 
  i do n't get your point . 
  i guess the answer is ` yes , duh ' . 
   i am offended by the notion that you think the world can be so easily fixed if only people actually cared enough to try good : you 're offended by falsehoods . 
   i object to any assertions that such a thing is possible without committing atrocities far worse than what one seeks to change . 
  gates foundation : secret genocide machine ? 
  surely those hundreds of thousands of lives improved through the eradication of malaria and ebola must have some humanitarian cost . 
  though frankly the colonial history of indonesia would serve perfectly well as a counterexample too imo : the cultural enhancement from feudalism to democracy more than makes up for the lives lost , especially compared to how history would have gone without european interference . 
  are you actually objecting to anything or just acting offended at the notion science and free speech and health care are better than none of those , without the appropriate show of humility ? 
  if it 's significantly cheaper to help malawians , the number of people you help may weigh against the lower quality of life they still end up with and the lower probability that they will contribute to maintaining or improving civilisation ( science , ethics , etc. ) . 
  so if it 's extremely cheap , it 's a good thing to do because the relation is overdetermined . 
  ah , i see what went wrong . 
  my ( apparently insufficiently clearly implied ) constraint on `` way less cost '' is that the long term societal benefits of preferring dutch people do n't measure up . 
  your interpretation would n't make what i said internally inconsistent , it would just make it stupid . 
  that 's just nitpicking , though . 
  if the netherlands did that , the nation would economically collapse in a generation , resulting in far fewer malawi citizens helped than if the netherlands donated sustainably over a longer period of time . 
  even if malawi citizens could be helped very effectively by sending them money , the overall amount of money sent would be less . 
  right now , one can reliably create an intelligent , educated and civilised person by giving the dutch state $ 3 million to raise a couple of children . 
  if you give any organisation the same amount of money earmarked for malawi , the same outcome would not occur . 
  the trade-off is not simple , and we definitely need many good people to make sure there 's good people in the future too . 
  so it does n't immediately follow from my philosophy that it 's always good to give to poorer people . 
  you need to be a lot more careful and have a lot more foresight than that to make sure you 're actually helping people more than you otherwise could have . 
  i do think western nations have enough money left over to help developing or failed nations without much cost for themselves . 
  indeed , in the days of colonialism many nations managed to do it at a profit to themselves : i do n't know if zimbabwe is worse off , but nigeria , south africa , india and indonesia are definitely better off than before europeans came along . 
  depending on how efficiently the government manages to spend it abroad , i would guess the percentage of gdp that should be invested in foreign countries could range anywhere from 0 % to 30 % . 
  i 'm not a nationalist , and i do n't agree with that . 
  there are definitely better and worse cultures , with the worse cultures actively causing unnecessary suffering which we ought to try and prevent . 
  for practical reasons we should maintain our own countries , and after that our allies , first , but in the grand scheme of things it 's just as horrible if an african is killed by boko haram than if a dutchman is . 
  if a foreigner can be helped by the same amount at * way less * cost than a dutch person , they should be , national borders be damned . 
  ( migrants , however , are about as expensive to help as natives , and way more expensive than people who 've stayed put , like subsaharan africans and bangladeshi ) . 
  the thing with the owl telescope is that there are other potential telescopes that partially overlap in function . 
  it 's not like thousands of astronomers will become unemployed unless it 's built , they 've got gravitational wave detectors , infrared telescopes , radiotelescopes , the european gps network , and other countries ' next generation optical telescopes to work with . 
  the `` giving to african dictators '' , on the other hand , is based on the apparently foreign notion that it would be bad if people starved to death . 
  the inefficiency of having to bribe their governments to be allowed to prevent that outcome is unfortunately accepted . 
  i do n't know whether it would be a better idea to cut development aid to fund owl and similar sciences . 
  it 's quite possible that is indeed the case . 
  but to label one `` empty idealism of an elite few '' and the other `` investing in the future '' is putting way to much confidence in your own ideals , seeing how both labels are easily applied to both projects by the general public , depending on their allegiances . 
  successful applications is not nearly as relevant as successful deportations . 
  refugees do n't only come into existence once they 've been accepted . 
  but say you 're right . 
  then 0.13 x0 .7 x0 .4 x0 .9 x10 ^ 6 = 33,000 refugees who get to stay in germany for 5 years who are isis supporters . 
  which is n't a problem at all !, 
  why , [ this source ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20150922/police-raid-berlin-sites-over-links-to-islamic-state ) says the estimated number of local islamist radicals was 7,900 . 
  so radicalism only increases by about 400 % . 
   if you count all refugees , asylees , asylum seekers , ... then their number was 629,000 at the end of 2014 . 
  if you do that , you should also use their total crime figures , and not just asylum seekers ' . 
  if so , you may want the table referenced in my other comment [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3s46o9/pepper_spray_almost_sold_out_demand_for_pepper/cwu5ndo ) , though i 'm not sure whether the demographics match up as neatly , or if you would be using the same categories in both cases . 
   the number you quote , is the number of applications in 2014 . 
  applicants , according to the text . 
   for most of your other numbers , i do n't even know what they mean , most of them are pretty useless , because they do n't clearly define the populations . 
  i 'm citing another data source . 
  if you want to see what the populations are , check the data . 
   edit : you also use the number of suspects and not the number of convicts - this could lead to huge errors . 
  possibly . 
  i did n't bother using error bars either . 
  but the parsimonious assumption is proportionality - you would need evidence to suggest that there 's a difference . 
  in short : completely separately from the aforementioned asylum seekers . 
  table 59 of the [ crime statistics ] ( http://www.bka.de/de/publikationen/polizeilichekriminalstatistik/2014/2014standardtabellen/pks2014standardtabellentatverdaechtigeuebersicht.html ) , nichtdeutsche tatverd\u00e4chtige : aufenthalt : unerlaubt .
