  the fewer people of the opposition see an ad , the less likely that ad will be publicly discredited , so the better the odds that your voters do n't change their mind . 
  the americans you 're talking about also accused hillary clinton of being bought by the saudis . 
  putin 's tyrrany is still less repressive for the common man than 95 % of russian history . 
  russia does n't have many revolution success stories either . 
  even if we want to help others , supporting unemployed migrants who moved to european cost-of-living areas is a terribly inefficient way to do it . 
  the gates foundation spent 4000 dollars per life they saved from malaria , but taking care of migrants would cost an estimated 100,000 euros just to raise them from turkish refugee camp standards of living . 
  and imo it is a good thing to continue to help third world countries right now , because we do have our shit together reasonably okay and we can benefit from it . 
  instability in the third world fuels conflicts that spill over into europe ( terrorism ) or cause mass migration much greater than what we 've already experienced ( akin to the fall of the roman empire ) . 
  investment in african industry can turn a profit in the long term ( china 's plan ) . 
  there is a demographic shift that correlates with education and individual wealth where people switch to planned parenthood and small families , reducing population growth rates ( making future aid more managable ) . 
  health care improves productivity because it costs time and resources to raise children , which is lost if they die before getting any work done . 
  wide-spread education and information networks allow for better and earlier talent scouting , allowing western companies to find better experts who are more productive , improving the western economy . 
  with your reasoning , you could have argued against democracy , public health care , public education , etc. 
  in the 19th century . 
  as in :  if only she had been one of the `` attempts '' and not one of the `` fatalities '' . 
   a year 's wage each ferry ride ftfy the average fishing ship can probably carry fifty people , so it 's closer a week 's wages per person . 
  a fishing ship can house quite a few people ( otherwise it is n't very good at carrying fish either ) . 
  if it 's one year 's wages per trip and 50 people on a ship , it 's only a week 's wages per person , probably about two weeks ' if you include children , elderly , and otherwise unemployed . 
  if he charged a year 's wages per person saved , then he would be a millionaire . 
  it seems far from certain that you would be better off in the long term being economically tied to england as opposed to being economically tied to the european union . 
  in fact the opposite seems more likely : in what ways are england and wales economically competitive with the rest of the world , which are n't ruined by brexit ? 
  what natural resources do they have access to ( so without scottish oil fields and fisheries ) ? 
  in the short term it does suck for scotland to lose a lot of exports , but that can be adjusted to by refocusing to other markets . 
  if the market you 're selling to becomes poorer , there 's no way around that . 
  china does n't take its fair share of pictures , bloody communists . 
  technically , since the graph says `` leasure time '' , would commuting count ? 
  considering how much the eu fucked greece , l do n't think our motives for supporting you are as noble as you think . 
  you 're `` equal members '' in the matter of migration , because that means the west can continue to brain drain you and import cheap labor , and maybe implies you should do your ` fair share ' of housing ( illegal im ) migrants . 
  it 's originally a catholic thing . 
   but saying we wont gain anything is an overstatement imho good thing / u/ojezu did n't say that . 
  where does that preamble come from ? 
  countries can avoid austerity by preparing during economic booms instead of always living on the edge . 
  so yeah , countries with anti-keynesian governments ( neo-liberals , proper socialists , often conservatives as well ) are forced into damaging austerity measures , while countries that do prepare can weather out the storm just fine . 
  2008 was so bad partially because people expected world governments to have learned their lesson by now . 
  the alternative to austerity is not being a dumbass two to ten years ago . 
  you could expect * migrants * to be wealthy and * refugees * to be non-existent . 
  the former because you only approve people who will contribute to society , the latter because no countries near you are at war and you do n't reward people who jump the development aid queue . 
  meme magic ai n't no joke . 
  and like crabs in a bucket , if you 're the one crab/nation acting honorably and pushing up from the bottom in a way that should benefit everyone , you 'll just get stepped on by others that are less scrupulous . 
  the west is n't rich enough to raise everyone to a reasonable standard of living ( above european poverty lines ) , and even if we could that would endanger the future of humanity by increasing pollution and fossil fuel usage . 
  and we are setting policies and treaties and spending billions of euros on scientific and engineering advancements which improve the chances of the human species . 
  maybe not as much as we should , and certainly not as much as we could , but isolationism is often a good thing . 
  few of them like staying in eastern europe , which i imagine is even more insulting . 
  may comes after march , though . 
  the reason scotch is produced in scotland is because of [ an eu policy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geographical_indications_and_traditional_specialities_in_the_european_union ) which forbids eu countries from trading in ` geographically indicated or traditional products ' not produced in their respective regions . 
  scotch is on [ the list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_united_kingdom_food_and_drink_products_with_protected_status#spirit_drinks ) . 
  so , assuming hard brexit ^ 1 , any eu brewery will be able to produce scotch and sell it across europe , while scottish brewers will have to pay an import tax to compete on the eu market . 
  for the first couple of years , there 's too much uncertainty for companies to assume they 'll be able to brew scotch in the eu , so it 'll take a while after brexit until the first eu breweries could get online . 
  this means the price of scotch would be dependent on the scottish economy and the height of import fees . 
  if the gdp devalues by a lot or brexit is used to lower labor costs , that could cover the import fees and lower the price . 
  in the long term , scottish overhead would increase as they have to import from abroad , and eu companies can start producing their own scotch , maybe with imported scottish labor for authenticity . 
  a centralised eu brewery can probably manage lower overhead than something that has to come all the way from scotland , though the difference is n't much . 
  so it probably wo n't change too much relative to other products , but it 's likely to get a bit more expensive . 
  [ 1 ] no free trade agreement , no shared market , no geographical indications policy . 
  monaco  2 . 
  ireland ftfy , barring some more micronations i forgot . 
  if bill gates were to resign his american citizenship , he would be a thousand times larger than the entire planet using your proposed measure . 
  it makes no intuitive sense to have a map become larger the higher a ` per capita ' value is . 
  small things can readily get extreme per capita ; [ relevant xkcd ] ( https://xkcd.com/1102/ ) . 
  would iran risk making sweden their enemy over some headscarves ? 
  [ the germans and spanish seemed to manage ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5trpf9/walk_of_shame_swedens_first_feminist_government/ddojgpg/ ) . 
  if you play diplomacy like a coward everyone is going to run over you . 
  as for ` making it worse ' , even if this worsened relations with iran , how about the message it sends to swedish women and girls that have to interact with sexist muslims in sweden ? 
  should women wear headscarves when visiting a muslim 's house ? 
  should they wear headscarves if their boyfriend asks them to , because otherwise they may have to find a partner who is worse , or even have no partner at all for a while ? 
   in order for the species to continue evolving and ensure their survival it is imperative they reproduce . 
  we do n't need homosexuals to continue evolving . 
  if homosexuals do n't reproduce the only possible effect is that homosexuality evolves out of existence . 
  though given homosexuality has existed in nature for millions of generations , even that probably wo n't occur . 
  but yes , homosexuals do deserve different treatment on average , because their average behaviour is different . 
  if they do n't raise kids , they do n't deserve child support , which means that homosexuals are probably less invested in by society . 
  if they spend the time not raising children making money , society will tax them more than heterosexuals . 
  this already occurs and i do n't think many people will disagree with this level of systematic inequality . 
  your problem is that you generalise among homosexuals and propose others do the same . 
   but because we as humans have created a society that values ones life more than their ability to contribute to the species survival we do n't need more humans to continue the species ' survival . 
  we need people who can help combat climate change , wean us off unrenewable resources , get us to space , etc. 
  people who do n't have children and instead focus on their work are beneficial to society , and homosexuals are more likely to be such people . 
  they do , actually . 
  they can contribute to the fitness of their siblings and parents , which still furthers the survival of their own genetic lineage . 
  sinking a spanish silver shipment . 
  a weighted average is just as limited , and generally we frown on giving certain demographics more of a say than others . 
  apartheid is generally considered to be wrong , but an inhabitant of nyc has less than a third of the voting strength of an inhabitant of montana . 
  for this to be a good idea , you need to actively demonstrate why rural americans deserve more votes than urban ones . 
  it often happens that national representatives blame things not going the way of their country on the eu . 
  if this happens in every country , then the representatives could just do whatever they want while blaming everyone else . 
  this happens more clearly in us congress , where approval ratings are low except for each district 's own representative . 
  this is probably because eu elections are divided by nations as american elections are divided by states . 
  if 40 % of europe votes parties with political opinion a , 30 % votes b , 20 % c and 10 % d , the actual distribution of power in eu organisations can be more like 80-15-5-0 , leaving a majority vastly underrepresented . 
  eu parliament is n't as bad , but it 's still frustrating to many people that they ca n't coordinate politically with likeminded people in other eu countries , or even vote for a mep they like because they have the wrong nationality . 
  as such , right now , if an mep were to sacrifice some of the welfare of his origin country for the benefit of the eu , that would be a terrible political move because the eu ca n't democratically reward him for it , but the origin country can certainly punish him for it . 
  people could cut trees , and did so on a large enough scale that the athenians complained about mass deforestation in 400 bce . 
  the problem was that the ground was too hard and infertile if you did n't have a heavy/deep enough plough , for example the mouldboard plough which was introduced to europe around 500 ce . 
  egypt was so rich because they got fresh fertile mud every flood season which you could just stick your hand into to plant crops . 
  the nypd could probably kick our army 's ass if we tried to lay claim to it , though . 
  i do n't trust china to have europe 's interests at heart , and i do n't trust the usa to be a rational geopolitical player . 
  either can be more useful depending on the situation . 
  the us is a better ally , and china is a better negotiating partner . 
  well , when you put it like that , it does n't sound half bad . 
  shitposting was coined on 4chan . 
  see how that turned out for them .
