  i mean , if you put open pitchers of what my previous experiences have told me will be rancid curdled milk , i would be disgusted too . 
  single-issue political movements focusing on that single issue is ` constantly obsessing ' ? 
  by that logic unicef is a bunch of whiners . 
  these people have lives away from the internet , you know . 
  otherwise they probably could n't afford to charter a ship . 
  tabooing more activities leads to more tabooed activities in total ? 
  who would have thought . 
  under this law , end-users would n't be prosecuted if they do end up on blacklisted sites , so it does n't have the same chilling effect on browsing behaviour . 
  which could mean that in the long term , this law may be more effective , as you can just stay one step behind a handful of horny nerds trying to access blacklisted porn sites and discover all the tricks and exploits they use , forcing them to develop new exploits which can then also be patched . 
  this would mean actual spies and ideological contaminants would have a much harder time keeping up with the exploits , meaning unwanted people can be weeded out much better . 
  the word you 're looking for is ` shill ( s ) ' . 
  that would n't work , but [ satellite internet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/satellite_internet_access ) might . 
  so what would happen if a user tries to go through two vpns in a row ? 
  the first vpn only exchanges encrypted traffic with another approved vpn service , and the second vpn does n't know you 're from russia . 
  would the first vpn effectively be legally obligated to check the content of the information you request ? 
  if so , would n't that mean russians are effectively banned from sending encrypted information abroad ? 
  suppose that bulgaria declares that it is the successor state to byzantium . 
  the ottoman empire ( of which turkey is the successor state ) conquered them like the ussr conquered estonia . 
  there does n't seem to be any reason for the occupation of estonia to be more illegal than the conquest of byzantium . 
  then , if what you are saying is correct , turkey can not claim that bulgaria not a successor to byzantium , and therefore turkey would be in the wrong if they did n't ` return ' all of anatolia to bulgaria . 
  clearly , that is ridiculous . 
  it must be possible for a country not to recognise a claim to being a successor state , just like it is possible for a country not to recognise a state . 
  you would have to prove that russia considers the estonian ssr a successor to estonia , and post-soviet estonia a successor to the ssr . 
  i 'm also not sure if your description of a conquering nation treating a conquered nation however it likes as a ` crime ' or ` illegal ' act is correct . 
  could you provide sources on that ? 
  there was territory the russian republic recognised as estonian . 
  then they annexed estonia and gave the territory to the russian ssr . 
  after the collapse of the ussr , the russian federation declared itself a continuation of the ussr , and therefore responsible for taking the territory . 
  as for building houses and factories , congratulations for doing something with territory that you 've occupied for over 70 years . 
  i 'm sure estonia would have just kept it exactly the same . 
  why would we have to leave nato if we make a european army ? 
  we still care about the us , canada , norway , iceland and turkey , at least strategically and economically . 
  why would europe leave nato when it gets a unified army ? 
  i have n't heard any plans to reduce nato activity in eastern europe if a european army is formed . 
  the eu may share more of the burden than individual western european nations do now , but that only seems like it would benefit the efficacy of nato . 
  it did n't work in 2008 when russia was the aggressor . 
  why would it work now ? 
  [ and the response by some hyperloop engineers to his video ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/4wck43/hi_were_mostly_engineers_here_at_hyperloop_one/d65zffd/ ) . 
  that 's like saying we do n't need metro systems because we have cars , trolleys , and trains . 
  airports are major chokepoints to infrastructure . 
  they take up a huge amount of often valuable land , people often need to travel quite a while to get to them , and they have logistical limits on throughput . 
  hyperloop stations would be like railway or subway stations : smaller and present in every decent-sized city . 
  the carriages can fit closer together than airplanes and be more modular . 
  this means hyperloop travel could probably shave another half an hour off travel time compared to air travel if a route exists . 
  [ the busiest railway station in the world , shinjuku station , accepts 750,000 passengers per day ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shinjuku_station#passenger_statistics ) . 
  the busiest airport in the world , [ atlanta international , accepts 290,000 passengers per day ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_busiest_airports_by_passenger_traffic#2016_statistics ) . 
  atlanta international takes up [ 19 square kilometers ] ( http://www.atl.com/about-atl/atl-factsheet/ ) . 
  shinjuku station , going by [ google maps ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/search/shinjuku+station+area/@35.6898171,139.694931,16z ) , takes up about 0.3 square kilometers . 
  if a hyperloop line is 10m wide and 100 km long through a city , that 's an additional 1 square kilometers , for a total of about 1.3 square kilometers of valuable real estate . 
  hyperloops would increase capacity and decrease travel time . 
  if they work and are safe , they 're definitely superior to airplanes . 
  that 's because of the liberal government ruining public transportation with privatisation . 
  if we get a string of left-wing governments and re-nationalise the railway system , we 'll be fine . 
  secular democracy is n't the peak of human thought . 
  if we want to improve , we have to be open to ideas that sound stupid or dangerous at first . 
  iron fisted state control of acceptable ideology prohibits that , and if the past century of turkish society is anything to go by , clearly it does n't even manage to raise society to the level where democracy can be assumed as a safe baseline either . 
  it seems like it should be theoretically possible to forcefully uplift a society , then slowly wean them off the state control until they 're thinking at the new baseline , but i ca n't think of a historical example that worked out well . 
  often because the benevolent overlords start abusing their privileges and stalling progress so they can stay in charge for longer ( see communism , late colonialism ) . 
  i agree that there is no reconciliation between islamism in its current form ^ 1 and human rights and freedom . 
  but state control does n't resolve the battle , it evidently pauses it , and allows the opponent to fester and gather strength in the shadows . 
  any action the eu can engage in to try to return to ataturk 's stasis may not be preferable to letting the islamist tantrum run its course . 
  europe does n't have a great track record when it comes to enforcing ideologies on neighbours for their betterment . 
  and even if a laissez-faire approach to the marketplace of ideas would n't be best for turkey , it is still best for europe ( assuming no major demographic shifts , like mass migration ) , so excuse us for preaching what works for us . 
  [ 1 ] compare how many branches of christianity changed to become more compatible with secular society in the past centuries . 
  true , but also the gateway from asia to europe , going by the migrant crisis until the balkan route was closed . 
  it 's more like going to a restaurant with colleagues , where five of them decide to order a bowl of french fries for twenty people under loud protest of the other fifteen , because the fifteen do n't feel like eating french fries . 
  still , the group of five order the bowl , and they eat nearly all of it , complaining about how stuffed they are because the others are n't eating their share . 
  then when the bill comes , the five insist that everybody pays equally for the french fries that nobody else asked for because we 're supposed to be splitting the bill evenly here . 
  i mean , sure , splitting the bill evenly is fine if people are n't being irresponsible about what they order , but it is n't parasitic not to pay for something you did n't order , you did n't benefit from , and you could n't reasonably have expected others to have wanted when you made the original agreement . 
  have two applicants of the same gender french kiss each other , and give them points depending on how quickly and how happily they do it ? 
  no ( face - ) obscuring clothing ? 
  some countries have laws against face covering in certain areas because it makes crime easier . 
  find out by using reverse google image search . 
  ( apparently they were made by a guy named anton balazh . 
  there are lots of reposts , but i ca n't find the original posts ) . 
  given how north scandinavia is green , it looks like this picture uses summer colors . 
  tragedy of the commons strikes individuals rather than collectives . 
  with collectivism , there is a budget for commonly used goods , which individualism tends to oppose . 
  as for a correlation between individualism and wealth : [ higher social class predicts increased unethical behavior ] ( http://www.pnas.org/content/109/11/4086.short ) . 
  you can thank vasco de gama for that . 
  it is called the nuclear option precisely because it ( threatens to ) make things worse . 
  that 's what nukes do . 
   us : `` we found these totally real nuclear weapons facilities , in clear violation of the un nuclear non-proliferation treaty '' ftfy, 
  like in australia ( or greece for that matter ) , the numbers will go down massively once the route is closed . 
  and i do n't see why it would be unthinkable to house 200k people in one place . 
  just hire some chinese planographers if you 're having trouble . 
  cities exist which are much larger and which require much more resources per person than a detention camp to be brought in . 
  a single highway could supply this camp . 
  once the requirement is truly temporary housing until people fuck off , with no freedom of movement to outside the camp , i do n't think there would be nearly as much of a public issue with the detention centre as there is with smaller immigration centres throughout europe . 
  also consider the australian solution has the camps on foreign soil . 
  we do n't need to put them in italy or anywhere in the eu , if we can strike a deal with some other country which will provide the location ( in which case the camp would have to be supplied through a harbor , which again is entirely feasible because many islands work that way ) . 
  hey now , i 'm a goody two shoes if ever there was one , and i favor keeping the migrants out of europe . 
  you can help more people for less money because they 're in countries with lower cost of living , you do n't support organised crime in the mediterranean , you 're not rewarding people for jumping the foreign aid queue ( you can prevent a dozen fatal cases of malaria for the price of housing a single migrant in europe for five years ) , and indeed you 're not spending a lot of political and social effort on taking care of only a few million people . 
  please do n't spread the meme that accepting migrants is charitable or morally good in any way . 
  it is short-sighted and destructive , like giving africans free stuff so that their local industry collapses because they ca n't compete with free , which given the amount of time people have had to analyse the problem , makes it negligent , selfish , and in some cases malicious . 
  automation , austerity , colonialism , raiding , conquest , senicide , curing work-impairing symptoms of aging , radical transhuman genetic engineering , ... 
   my country was said to already be flooded by now because of climate change source ? 
  it did n't work out for the western roman empire . 
  why would it work out for the far more divided european union ? 
  most japanese prefectures are named after their capital city , so it makes a lot of sense .
