  with regards to marriage law , do we want nations to treat foreign offenders by their home countries ' laws or their own ? 
  maybe it 's a trade : we do n't prosecute their pedophiles , they do n't prosecute our homosexuals ? 
  i mean if we can arrest/punish someone who does n't have a european passport for having a harmful and morally objectionable form of sex , why would n't they be allowed to do the same , with their definitions of harm and morality ? 
  does it beat english ? 
  ( do you have a lower chance of being understood when speaking english to a random european romance speaker than when speaking lingula ? ), 
  how comprehensible is it , to each language ? 
  how much time does it take to learn ? 
  ( compared to romance languages ? ), 
  for what kind of situation do you expect this language to be more useful than extant alternatives ( english , google translate , one or several specific romance languages , a hired translator ) ? 
   just for the state remember that you are the state . 
  a large part of that money is returned to you in natura , at least if you have below-median income . 
  `` did you read that story about the girl who faked being abducted and raped by migrants ? 
  the drama-focussed mainstream media are way too eager to blow all of this out of proportion and right-wing nutjobs gobble that shit up . 
  my trusted sources say that it 'll all be fine with the migrants , but the people seem to be following these neo-nazis like sheep . 
  i hate to see the next election , maybe i 'll move to sweden . '', 
  just a guess . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  i 'm still confused how tunesia manages to dissuade migrants , but turkey seemingly does n't , but eh . 
  stabilisation of iraq and afghanistan did n't exactly work out either . 
  what makes your proposal succeed in libya while those others failed , despite over four trillion dollars ( $ 63000 per inhabitant ; $ 13000 per us citizen ) of american ` investment ' ? 
  if the germans are clever , they wo n't let your state crumble . 
  they 'll offer you more loans , in exchange for the appointment of a pro-eu technocratic government . 
  that technocratic government then redesigns the greek state to better appeal to neo-liberalist standards . 
  greece and italy are connected by land , now ? 
  and no , a sea border is easier to protect ; compare the atlantikwal to the ostfront . 
  ca n't they ? 
  they got from turkey to greece , and others from tunesia to italy . 
  it may not be too hard to set up a greece-italy smuggling route . 
  besides , there are loads of migrants waiting in turkey . 
  why would n't they want to wait in an eu country instead , with all the free press to bemoan their condition , governments that care about human rights , etc. ? 
  it is n't germany , but it 's not turkey either . 
  none in europe would have it as bad as greece would have it if the borders close . 
  costs and problems increase faster than linearly with the number or percentage of the population that is migrants . 
  ( one in a million will integrate on their own , one in a thousand stick together , one in ten form or keep their own ghettoes , customs , laws , and language ) . 
  funny , in my country vigilantes are by definition criminals . 
  by about a micrometer , but yes ; about equivalent to 3 hours of global warming . 
  every other election there is one party or other which wants to appeal to patriotism by suggesting starting committees to look into possibly claiming more land , but for practical reasons the answer is always no . 
  last time the suggested reason was an expansion of schiphol airport , but it was again deemed unprofitable . 
  they 're not wrong . 
  `` charities '' are very broadly defined and often include religious organisations . 
  your ` charitable conservatives ' may for a large part be people who give tax-deductably to their churches , which does n't benefit anyone even according to their own beliefs . 
  sounds like it 's pretty expensive to do without a clear reason . 
  from.the article it does n't seem so . 
  if the fines are used to fund more police , they would slightly decrease crime , probably . 
  `` fear of change '' is often used accusatorially as `` afraid to leave one 's comfort zone '' ; '' conservative '' ; `` doubting the inevitability of progress of civilisation '' . 
  he 's not saying you 're wrong . 
  everyone has his own opinion and can express it . 
  the question is how you express it . 
   this is one salty butthurt brit . 
  this sort of comment is not a contribution to a thread . 
  certainly not of the / r/europe i used to know . 
  but hey , here we are , times change i guess . 
  when seeing comments like this , i am not surprised so many people move to smaller subs . 
  i just ask myself , why not putting a comment like this straight on the comment section of independent.co.uk ? 
  fits rather nicely . 
  you 're missing the critical `` can * equally well * be explained by stupidity '' . 
  merkel being in power for so long is incongruous with idealism and stubbornness . 
  not if you live in the city . 
  any comprehensive , sustainable solution will probably violate the eu human rights charter . 
  it 's just political , moral , and social fear . 
  justified too : the chances of being painted as a fascist , being politically excommunicated , losing friends , being doxxed by antifascists , or having police knock at your door warning you about the consequences of offensive speech are worryingly high . 
  you overestimate the integrity of the human mind . 
  they 're repeating behaviours reinforced by their peer group . 
  change the peer group and you change the behaviour ( as long as they 're not an alpha within the new peer group ) . 
  that 's a stupid point , then . 
  nasa employees not being particularly stupid did n't avert the challenger disaster . 
  reality is too complicated for cleverness to resolve , or at least any kind of cleverness humans can attain . 
  the greatest invention of humanity was the scientific method , which was basically a way to get humans to stop being clever ( philosophy ) and force them to update their beliefs based on evidence instead . 
  i would also disagree with your assertion that everyone should read/know the echr . 
  the convention is a description of morality , not a prescription , and one by and for lawyers and politicians at that . 
  i 'm disappointed this post was so upvoted . 
  the gist of it is nothing more than `` this was invented to fight against the nazis . 
  therefore nothing can possibly be wrong with it and if you say otherwise then you 're a nazi '' . 
  if the echr explicitly defined marriage as being between a man and a woman , would you be opposed to altering it ? 
  if it had some obscure clause which disallowed self-driving cars on a technicality , would you be opposed to self-driving cars ? 
  is it really so hard to believe they made a mistake , or were even deliberate but overzealous in compensating for nazism ? 
  that the same nation that supported a dictatorial coup of a democratic iran a year afterward may not be the height and end of moral discussion ? 
  dna testing is already available , and not too expensive . 
  it 's too slow to catch people registering as new , but it can be used as a backup if fingerprints do n't work , and to identify double registerers and have their identities flagged . 
  that makes them more qualified , not necessarily less willing for the right price . 
  ah , good point . 
  but that just means that we should make it so those who provide the funds are the ones that make the deal . 
  either empower a unified body to collect the funds , or make national-level deals . 
  ( i do understand that is again more complicated ) . 
  considering this crisis has been aggravated by paralysing idealism by major governments , i do n't think human rights ( as in [ the legal structure ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_human_rights_law ) ) can be trusted to be a good standard , at least not until it is verified . 
  as long as migrants can expect a significantly better life if they try to get into europe than if they do n't , they will continue to try . 
  which means either mass murder , an economic miracle ^ 1 , or an ever-increasing burden on the european economy which would likely lead to a complete collapse as europe is unable to meet human rights standards for a hundred million post-migrants . 
  it is possible that it is not possible to make trying to get into europe worse than not trying , without violating human rights . 
  if so , our options are to violate human rights or to hope for a miracle in the next decade before european nations start collapsing . 
  between those two , i would choose violating human rights . 
  so , in short , i do n't agree that people 's human rights should be guaranteed , unless we know certain conditions have been met ( and i do n't think we do know ) . 
  [ 1 ] the technological singularity ; a sudden and inexplicable need for unskilled labor ; etc. 
  in that case they would demand a higher cost up front , not refuse any deal . 
  i 'm also unaware of reasons to doubt the eu would be trustworthy ( though i 'll readily admit i could easily have missed it ) . 
  do you have evidence ? 
  people always need money . 
  it 's probably cheaper to keep them in morocco , with lower food prices , lower ground prices and lower expected standards of living , than to keep them here . 
  the difference is profit which can be distributed between the eu and morocco . 
  money , political favours . 
  extraterritorial camps in safe countries would solve that problem .
