  if god says to him that cannibalism is good now , it is his duty to make it so . 
  if god says to burn the infidels in nuclear hellfire , it is his duty to make it so . 
  de jure , no catholic may oppose his statements ex cathedra , no matter how vile and how intolerant they may seem . 
  de facto , his job is to rule catholicism . 
  to be consistent with the image his electors made him pope for , and to improve the world as he sees fit . 
  i do not know what criteria the college of cardinals uses , nor how cardinals get appointed , but in general a leader is expected to take care of the people he commands and bring wealth and glory to the organisation he leads . 
  this means he should do things that make the church popular in the long term , to keep the tithes flowing in , and try to be a reliable source of wisdom in the world . 
  the wise are not always tolerant : that is just naivet\u00e9 . 
  the wise are not always peaceful : that is just weakness . 
  people , even de jure catholics , can therefore de facto believe the pope is forsaking his duty to his flock by preacing peace and tolerance against a real threat . 
  historically , this friction has occasionally lead to schisms and/or antipopes . 
  whether the current troubles justify such a belief is a whole ` nother can of worms which goes beyond the scope of this comment . 
  regardless , the complaint is not improper because it does fall within the pope 's duty to warn christianity against dangers he believes to exist . 
  the problem is n't big enough to violate human or civil rights over , imo . 
  we can give our own citizens the benefit of the doubt that they are due while investigating them as much or as little as the law allows , while keeping immigrants from at-risk countries out unless they can reasonably demonstrate their non-radicalism . 
  would n't have helped . 
  the division of occupation was set well in advance . 
  americans actually conquered part of what would later be eastern germany , but they went back to the agreed upon border when the peace was signed . 
  it 's easier to stop people nonlethally on land than at sea . 
  especially if they 've deliberately sunk their boats . 
  if we want to stop migrants before they make landfall , we either have to spend hundreds of billions of euros making a floating wall across 600 km of eu sea borders , violate the national sovereignty of our neighbour countries , or allow somewhere between a hundred and ten thousand people to die through wilful negligence or murder , which in either case constitutes a violation of international law . 
  also the ottoman conquest was more recent . 
  there 's the australian strategy : move all migrants to camps in the foreign country with the lowest bid , where they can leave or be evaluated . 
  also , one of the reasons that there are so many syrian refugees is that the international community has failed to properly fund refugee camps in the region . 
  any strategy would benefit from securing that funding . 
  can we kick them out ? 
  that is literally what criminal justice is . 
  how deep is the water ? 
  would an actual wall on the greek-turkish sea border be viable ? 
  as long as they ca n't enter eu territory it is n't the eu 's duty to pick them up . 
  that also breaks international law . 
  also the reason they 're suffering so much in those camps is that the west for some stupid reason does n't give them the funding for those camps that it promised . 
  the purpose of punishment is not to improve someone 's life , it 's to discourage others from doing the same . 
  and discouraging crime should be one of the functions of the criminal justice system . 
  the problem with punishment is that it has been rigorously determined that the amount of punishment that the intuition of vengeance asks for is way more than what is effective in modern society . 
  / u/ghamsilg 's punishment would be seen as tyrannical by the accused 's peers , and inspire defiance and rebellion . 
  only systematic rule by fear would allow this not to be met with defiance , but in practice such dictatorships are much less economically effective than more liberal nations . 
   reside/live most people that attend this rally will likely be german citizens . 
  that kind of changes the dynamic . 
  but they also literally have the host of hell 's kitchen . 
  the range is predetermined to calibrate judges ' rulings . 
  three years should be reserved for the worst kind of false rape accusations because it 's the worst punishment that has been deemed appropriate . 
  it 's not the duty of a minor judge to overrule the law when it is unfair in their opinion either ; that is reserved for higher judges and the legislative branch of government , and the prosecution is supposed to pursue the highest punishment possible . 
  so no , the judge should not give the maximum penalty because it is far from the most malicious false rape accusations can be . 
  no specific person 's reputation was hurt , and it may have been done for attention rather than a desire to hurt others . 
  if you believe the punishment range is too light , complain to the public prosecutor 's office , elect representatives who are tougher on crime , start a lawsuit , find or start an organisation willing to pursue this problem ( like the aclu ) , and/or fund the efforts of such an organisation . 
  it 's a dreamland for people who want private harems and can afford them . 
  it should be less effective in the same amount of time : the sun 's lower in the sky than in more southern regions , so more of the uv is filtered out by atmosphere , and you more easily lie in a way that results in less effective surface area ( more parallel to the rays of the sun , rather than more orthogonal to them ) . 
  muslims at risk of radicalisation probably do n't use western papers as their primary news source . 
  they 'll just continue to peruse muslim television , frequent muslim internet fora and mosques . 
  all this would do is raise tensions a bit . 
  that 's less than the actual number of active isis fighters in syria and iraq . 
  i would n't be surprised if the number is actually over 0.1 %, 
  the americans and jews/israeli do n't have any better record of assimilation , especially with respect to blacks and arabs . 
  it 's not an ideology , it 's a descriptor of ideologies . 
  this has the same effect with respect to / u/spin0 's comment , but means that right-wing extremists can have less in common with one another than muslims ( who are restricted by their common belief in the divine truth of the koran ) . 
  do n't people upvote brexit critics who say britain is stupid for creating uncertainty with when they 'll invoke article 50 ? 
  god damn it , reddit . 
  yes , uncertainty is terrible for economic investment , because modern economics uses margins of safety rather than absolute amounts . 
  a bank in uncertain times has to keep more liquid assets because there may be a random spike in the demand for withdrawals and/or a random spike of lower than expected returns from investment . 
  liquid assets get less return on investment because liquidity is a nice thing to have so the market makes it more expensive . 
  thus , the bank 's profits are lower in case of uncertainty . 
  so too for every organisations which invests - the government , pension funds , rich people , real estate , companies which sell to any of the above , etc. 
  - as well as everyone employed or funded by them . 
  so in other words literally everyone in a country suffers from economic uncertainty . 
   in unwalled / weak bordered areas : first threaten migrants who attempt to run over the borders , then fire a warning shot , then if they still continue , open fire . 
  at present , most migrants enter the contiguous eu by sailing shoddy boats to italy . 
  what would you do with the common scenario of a boat full of migrants , intercepted in italian waters , unable to reach african shores in its current condition ? 
  watch it sink and shoot any castaways who seem to be making towards italian shores ? 
  because that 's what your rules proscribe , when interpreted rigidly . 
  also , what 's your plan for rejected migrants who are not provably radical , and have no country which is safe and willing to take them back ? 
  like one of the terrorists in germany a few days ago . 
   disallow residency visas for anyone from selected countries there 's no reason to ban people requesting residency visas when they 're living in a country other than the one they 're applying to . 
  i do n't see any problems with a syrian national who has proven his worth to , say , canada , and earned a residency there , requesting residency in the eu . 
  this does n't solve what to do with rejected applicants already here . 
  at present there 's no official plan for deporting them , as was the case with one of the terrorists in germany last week . 
  it does n't take dogma to get people to do horrible things to one another , it takes civilisation to make it a suboptimal strategy . 
  for millions of years , humans have been beating each other to death with rocks and sticks , torturing , raping and cannibalising one another afterward . 
  that is our ` natural state ' , and that is what we return to if we eliminate all ideologies and impositions of unnatural systems which limit one another 's actions . 
  we , a majority of europeans , do have an ideology . 
  that ideology includes our belief in nation-states , the neutrality of law , human rights , peer pressure to be useful to society , etc. , and it is that ideology that makes our societies successful . 
  it changes the possibilities any single citizen can choose , such that they 're much more likely to choose one which benefits society rather than harms it . 
  we have killed millions and ruined nations for that ideology , and we were usually right . 
  reducing push factors : actually fund refugee camps in the region like we said we would . 
  reducing pull factors : house unprocessed migrants in frontex concentration camps , while ramping up the rate at which migrants can be processed until waiting times are reasonable again . 
  pay a lowest bidder outside schengen to house camps for rejected migrants with no other place to return to . 
  all these camps would have to meet the most basic human rights standards : sustenance , low amounts of violence , hygiene , basic healthcare , etc. 
  people in concentration camps should be free to rescind their application and be moved to either a country that accepts them or the rejected applicant camp , while people should be free to leave the rejected applicant camp for a country that accepts them or on foot . 
   if these people were genuinely conspiracy theorists disconnected from reality , there would be no need to react . 
  that 's easy for a present-day westerner to say ; our societies thrive under cultural norms and beliefs which stand their own in a free market of ideas . 
  but less than sixty years ago , there was widespread support in various western countries to ban nazi speech , communist speech , and/or black civil rights speech , and many governments enacted laws and policies to that regard . 
  can hold their relatives hostage and start killing/torturing them unless they come . 
   is everyone really so cold-hearted and accepts when hundred thousands of mothers , fathers and children die ? 
  thousands of refugees died trying to make the crossing . 
  all refugees came from relatively safe countries like turkey and libya . 
  i honestly believe fewer people would have died if europe enacted a policy of murdering every last migrant that tried to enter after a certain cutoff date . 
  ( this does n't make their murder morally preferable , but it serves to illustrate that merkel 's policy did not save lives ) . 
  but yes , it takes a cold heart to make good executive decisions ; emotions cause prejudice and lack insight in proportions , so you ca n't be afraid to overrule them . 
   if there is anyone to blame except isis/radical islam themselves its the government for failing to screen the refugees effectively and sending back/locking up violent or mentally unstable individuals . 
  screening takes effort by trained people , and refugees do n't want to be contained in preparation for it .
