  i wonder what they 're expecting to gain from this . 
  are they trying to divide turkish expats into pro- or anti-erdogan camps ? 
  is the embassy signalling their own loyalty to the regime ? 
  like a kind of hazing by erdoganists ? 
  nothing so binary . 
  if not having a social media account is the most damning thing the american government has on you , you 're suspiciously boring . 
  either you 're already on the list , or you should be on the list because no-one accidentally stays out of sight of the american government that well . 
  instead , the fact that you do n't leave such a convenient paper trail for your consumer and electoral preferences , personal contacts , private whereabouts , etc. , will just be ever so slightly count against you in how reliable the government believes you are . 
  instead of a citizen rating of 488 , you 'll have one of 486 , placing you slightly below ten thousand more would-be public servants or green card receivers or naturalised immigrants . 
  so , like you pad your resum\u00e9 , it would be wise to pad your citizen rating . 
  get some facebook posts of you being a pliant citizen , having parties with conspicuous consumption and arguing about which brand is best . 
  algorithms are getting better and better at spotting fake patterns , so you 'd best find some friends who can help you integrate properly , freely choosing to use messaging software that is n't private because it proves you have nothing to hide , which is always better than being as unlikely as a random person to have something to hide . 
  your citizen rating does n't need to be known to you , nor do its standards need to be made clear to you . 
  you know you are beholden to the us government , you know that they are watching , and you know that your social media are part of the evaluation . 
   0,0000000001 % til only 1 person has died because of assassins/psychos/terrorism in the past million years . 
  only in 1914 . 
  after that , respecting christmas was officially treason . 
  deporting where ? 
  what if they get abused there ? 
  what if certain sections of the population ( women , gays , whatever ) get abused there ? 
  i agree it 's probably the best solution , but it 's not simple . 
  dutch beaches are pretty good . 
  sandy , wide , not a lot of tide , and several miles of sandy/grassy dunes behind them . 
  they 're not as commercialised as mediterranean beaches , and there 's pretty good weather around the summer months - 20 to 30 degrees , calm , and sunny more than half the time . 
  the reason swimming lessons are advised though is that if the dykes break , pretty much everything marked there would be flooded , sometimes as much as 10 meters deep . 
  checking on wikipedia , some variation of holland is the official name for the ( kingdom of the ) netherlands in slovakian , turkish , arabic , japanese , chinese and vietnamese . 
   not the kind of partnership i would pursue but i do n't really have an issue with this . 
  i 'm not entirely sure about this . 
  one of the reasons for the burka ban was that it 's a symbol of oppression . 
  but if women wear a symbol of oppression , surely they 're being oppressed ? 
  and if they 're being oppressed , surely we should interfere ? 
  are these muslim enclaves open enough that human rights are preserved ? 
  or at least preserved for more than 95 % of people that live there ? 
  if girls are groomed by their muslim schools and their muslim families to be the passive wives of abusive men and that they 'll be social outcasts who will burn in hell for eternity if they complain , should we allow that , or does that cross a line into psychological abuse and indoctrination that we should not even allow parents and religions to cross ? 
  and how often does that happen in europe ? 
  the map shows sea connections , which are almost free . 
  they could use piraeus as a transfer hub to more sea routes , rather than land routes . 
  china also has a lot of investment power behind it , so if this is their plan they wo n't half-arse it . 
   frisian dialect  dialect triggered, 
  please do n't conflate those neoliberal retards ( vvd-voters ) with the general dutch population . 
  i would love to have greater european integration in tax law so you can force our liberals to stop exploiting you , as well as our own lower and middle class . 
  ( dutch gdp may rise , but job security and social services are austerity 'd away here as much as in france or germany ) . 
  to be fair , as an inhabitant of the netherlands he would benefit from better funded social services . 
  the budget of the dutch state for 2017 is 264.4 billion euros , or 15,740 euros per inhabitant per year . 
  the budget of serbia for 2016 was 1119 billion dinar , or 9.07 billion euros , or 1,266 euros per inhabitant per year . 
  according to wikipedia the serbian minimum wage is about 3,300 euros per year , while that of the netherlands is 22,000 euros per year . 
  so , assuming the government distributes the benefits of their budget about equally to all inhabitants of the netherlands , ** even if he did absolutely nothing in the netherlands he would have more resources allocated to his benefit than if he made 4.3 times serbian minimum wage while staying in serbia ** . 
  he 's probably using the french ` a ' , which is pronounced more like the ` aw ' in the english word ` dawn ' . 
  gone = gawn ( or in dutch : gone = go\u00e2n , cone = coon ) . 
  refugees benefit neoliberals/neoconservatives tremendously as well . 
  they 're a great way to drive wages and labor rights down and give social services a bad reputation . 
  it 's a shame there have n't been any major politicians on the left who have taken up this position , at least that i 'm aware of . 
  the majority of those migrants would be innocent victims of circumstance . 
  refugees in the truest sense of the word . 
  do you really think europe will get * that * extreme , before half of europe is already overrun in a self-propagating wave of migration ? 
  the western roman empire did n't radicalise quickly enough . 
  their militaries unwilling to stop hundreds of thousands of germanic families - children , mothers , fathers - escaping war , destruction and famine , and willing to fight to the death because of it . 
  more could come through family reunification laws , especially combined with marriage . 
  they could only leave through their own free will ( for example , if they 're being bullied or disadvantaged so much by dutch people that they would prefer to move to the far less prosperous nation of morocco ) or a law change . 
  the reason he was found guilty of sowing discrimination was that by getting people to express their feelings as ` preferring fewer moroccans ' , he would encourage such bullying practices . 
  not necessarily something violent ( so he was found innocent of sowing hatred ) , but systematic disadvantages for moroccans . 
  the moroccans in question are as much dutch citizens as someone whose ancestors lived in holland for hundreds of years . 
  what justification do you have to classify them as xenoi ( strangers ; foreigners ) when you would n't call people who have a problem with gay people or frisians or twentenaren or limburgers or bible belt protestants xenophobic ? 
  the reason people cheered for dick references is that they were an improvement on the average level of american debate discourse , in their opinion . 
  the reason their opinion of american political discourse is so low is that it 's almost entirely bullshit and empty promises . 
  which is because politicians can only be held to the standard of being the lesser of two evils through elections . 
  ideological agnosticism . 
  in practice , however children are able to live from an early age has massive effects on how succesful a certain societal setup can be . 
  any limits you put on how much control parents are able to put on their children also limit their ability to raise their children with different social norms than you would expect or approve of . 
  many ideologies which existed in 18th century europe were quite restrictive in what children should be allowed to do , and many were quite contradictory . 
  the us wanted to be a safe haven for all ( because of labor shortage as much as morality ) , so they had to allow people to shape children however they wanted , within reason . 
  ` fake news ' is different from regular news in that its decentralised nature means the author can get away with things that would open up an established news corporation to criminal charges , or at least a loss of credibility . 
  corporate journalists do n't commit fraud , they find ways to present true things in a way that fits a narrative . 
  where , as this video rightly points out , a sourceless twitter post is still a true thing which can be used to base an article around . 
  so what this ` fake news ' really does is cut out the middle man - the journalist - along with the filter he provides . 
  there is little moral difference between the dramatic bullshit of the daily mail and that of pizzagate , it 's just that tdm manages to keep within the letter of the law of being a mere conduit ( plus opinion ) . 
  we 're not the only ones who have to follow them . 
  we 're just some of the few that try , which means we have to make deals with devils and turn our backs on those in need to make sure we have the power and influence to preserve and spread those ideals . 
  do n't think we 're unaware of the filth our allies and the organisations we use are up to . 
  politics is a nasty game , but if you refuse to play you 'll just end up being used by those that will . 
  the current immigration policy is a misstep . 
  an error on the side of helping people now , as opposed to gathering strength to help people more effectively on your own terms . 
  but if you 're offended by the notion of using human rights to make decisions , kindly see yourself to the nearest nation that shares your lack of values . 
  as for bitching and complaining , you do realise you 're here writing an angrily worded reddit comment because someone democratically elected to one of the most powerful positions in the world does something you do n't like ? 
  by the standards of the person you 're replying to , disincentivising people from coming is probably still inhumane , because it means getting them to prefer to stay in poorly maintained refugee camps in the middle east where they 're often lacking in tools to properly maintain their society , like education or law enforcement , and sometimes even fundamentals like housing and food . 
  there are people who consider it inhumane to make a deliberate choice which results in people suffering . 
  who would demonise anyone who , in the [ trolley problem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trolley_problem ) , chooses to flip the switch so only one person gets killed instead of five , because you 're choosing to kill someone . 
  let 's ignore an argument because we do n't like the source . 
  if the social cost is as dire as you suggest , then in the long term you should expect a collapse/recession of the american system , especially if there is an alternative like a pleasant-to-work at european organisation . 
  if europe has an independent economy in this field , it could survive an american collapse/recession and benefit more in the wrong run . 
  just because someone disagrees with me does n't mean they 're worth my time listening to . 
  voat 's user base has too many idiots , because idiots are more likely to get banned on reddit . 
  even the chans are more intelligent . 
  that 's still presumptuous . 
  no way democracies are optimal . 
  most people are ignorant on most things , and every functional ` democracy ' has countless checks and balances to allow technocrats to obstruct or distort the will of the public or their representatives if they 're being stupid . 
  as for human rights , have you checked the state of the right to privacy lately ? 
  every democracy of international note has committed countless violations willingly and systematically . 
  sure we understand a fellow non-country which has delusions of grandeur when it does n't want to admit things have changed from the glory days of colonialism . 
  you 're irrelevant .
