  we could forgive that explicit and voluntary debt , but why would we ? 
  they gained the profits or voluntarily rejected them , so why would we let them get away without paying ? 
  i still think it 's pretty ( or rather , ` awesome ' as the word was used half a century ago ) . 
  terrible if you 're in it , but that does n't take away from the impressiveness . 
  it is ridiculously unlikely that you will die to terrorism , compared to the expense society puts into rooting it out . 
  if we raised taxes on alcohol by 5 % and reinvested that into health care it would have a bigger effect on your life expectancy than completely rooting out terrorism , which is also impossible . 
   prisons are supposed to punish people i thought prisons were supposed to help prevent crime . 
  reducing crime rates , tax burden , the suffering of innocents , etc. 
  not giving poor people free stuff is much more important . 
  both sentiments are true . 
  the first applies to the general public , the second applies to prison companies , the ` donations ' they fund , and therefore politicians . 
   source : spoke to the energy advisor from bundestag . 
  so you spoke to a lobbyist with an agenda . 
  that does n't sound like a particularly credible source . 
  the drive from blayais power plant near bordeaux to the closest underground disposal facility is longer than the drive from hanover or nuremberg . 
  you could easily power half the german population with nuclear power as safely as you could power the south of france . 
  moreover , many countries store their nuclear waste without burying it in mudstone in geologically inactive regions . 
  it is by far the cheapest ` permanent ' way to store nuclear waste found to date , but there are plenty of ways to store it safely that only require some active maintenance which can be included in the price of electricity without making it unmarketable . 
  the eu changes that dynamic a lot , though . 
  our economies are already massively interwoven , so the marginal loss of independence due to importing electrical power in addition to all the other goods and services that are being imported and exported is relatively minor . 
  that would neuter diplomats ' power because they can effectively be presumed to always be under surveillance by their driver . 
  is n't that exactly horseshoe theory ? 
  someone is considered radical leftist . 
  then the radical left declares some of his opinions unacceptable . 
  then he finds the closest political group where he is accepted , which is a radical right-wing group . 
  therefore , for mahler 's preferences , the radical right is closer to the radical left than any other group that would not reject him . 
  hitler was a public figure ? 
  there was no legal basis for the referendum to be binding , only the promises by the tory government . 
  and they promised to enforce the outcome of the referendum even if it was 50.001 / 49.999 . 
  the only ways to prevent this would be to not vote for the tories when they make such stupid promises , disallow the government from consulting the people through a non-binding referendum , or require a supermajority in parliament for any government to trigger article 50 , which i 'm not sure the uk government has ever done for any law . 
  the treaty of lausanne predates their signing of the echr and udhr . 
  the greeks made the mistake of ratifying two contradictory laws at a similarly high level of urgency , and the supreme court ruled which has higher precedence , as is their prerogative . 
  there is no `` huge breach of many fundamental principles of all the western legal systems '' , because this is acting wholly within established law . 
  it is n't `` trying to undermine the very same principle of equality before the law '' , because apparently the greeks signed away that principle in the 1920s . 
  at face value it seems odd to make the morally repugnant decision to uphold a treaty with turkey , rather than the morally wholesome decision to uphold a treaty with the eu . 
  perhaps they think the eu will have their back regardless . 
  perhaps they even want the eu to overrule them , so turkey has to blame the eu rather than just greece . 
  after a while , yes . 
  same for murderers , thieves , rapists , and all sorts of criminals . 
  and that attitude , applied to criminal justice , provably reduces recidivism rates more than anglo revanchism . 
  why do you think he is speaking * for * anyone but himself ( and maybe those who gave him a platform , like the guardian ) ? 
  if people agree with him or believe his opinion holds weight or even give his opinion weight by letting him represent them , they do so of their own accord , not because sir patrick or any aristocratic laws make them . 
  the european convention on human rights is n't the only one britain has signed . 
  there is the international bill of human rights , and whatever legislation and constitutional protections the uk itself has , either because those conventions were ratified or because the uk had its own standards to keep . 
  tragedy of the commons *, 
  it 's been a while . 
  perhaps the knight has attained lordship . 
  you might make a categorical mistake . 
   `` pay to publish '' encourages lenient publication standards on the part of the journals ( because then they 'll make more money ) the fact that reputable pay-to-publish journals exist in every scientific field suggests your theory is incorrect . 
  instead , consider the following : journals are funded by subscriptions and application fees , not raw output volume . 
  authors try to apply to the most reputable journals first , and readers only subscribe to the most reputable journals . 
  both of these mean that [ k-strategist ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/r/k_selection_theory ) journals are financially incentivised * not * to lower publication standards . 
  r-strategist journals do exist , but they are commonly ignored because of how obviously terrible they are . 
  it is possible that better systems exist , with less overhead and less bureaucracy , that still manage to self-regulate towards meritocracy , but it is n't the kind of clear slam dunk you make it out to be . 
  i call them macedonia because it 's easy to say , not because i approve of their appropriation of greek history . 
  they do n't need allies , just enemies of enemies . 
  if someone ( like the turks ) wants to bother the greeks , they could fund radical macedonian nationalists , like the saudis fund isis and al qaeda to bother their neighbours . 
  do you think our society is that fragile ? 
  you 're allowed to slander someone in the privacy of your own home , but when you put a video of said slander on youtube it becomes a criminal offense . 
  this makes sense , in my opinion . 
  if the public nature of the offense matters , putting it on youtube should be very close to doing it out on a public street . 
  so i do n't think your distinction is fair . 
  fwiw i agree that burning a koran and putting a video of it online should not be a crime . 
  every democracy can improve . 
  pretty much none of them incorporate the political-scientific innovations that have been thought up in the past fifty years , like the various forms of preferential voting , let alone modern technologies like the internet . 
  do n't get me wrong , the step from first-past-the-post to proportional or weighted proportional would be huge , but proportional to preferential is almost as big . 
  are you american , by any chance ? 
  i thought it was pretty fun , honestly . 
  i really ca n't blame them for extending the deadline for true brexit by delaying when they triggered the article . 
  there was no legally binding start date to the referendum , and it 's a much better idea to paste a few months to the front of the procedure than find out near the end of the deadline that you have n't ironed out a good deal yet and that you have to go begging to every single eu country for an extension . 
  there are countries in the eu that barely need the uk at all , so those countries could squeeze the uk 's balls like a vice . 
  besides , remember those articles shortly after the referendum , about how the uk simply did n't have a diplomatic corps big enough to negotiate ? 
  why would you trigger the start of talks when you 're as completely unprepared as the british government was ? 
  if i remember correctly , may set a date for the triggering of article 50 as soon as she got in office , and she kept it . 
  she did as well as she could under the circumstances at the time . 
  i have n't kept close enough attention to judge whether the british people and leadership were acting uncouth , but i do n't agree with your assessment that delaying the start of brexit should or did breed significant ill will . 
  it extended the period during which the british could be assholes about this whole affair , but it was not itself a dick move . 
  why announce you 're going to preform unpopular policies before an election when you wo n't even have the opportunity to enact them before the public punishes you for it ? 
  why not just push those policies through after the election with your recently re-confirmed majority and just claim that it 's part of your newly gotten mandate ? 
  please use the following naming scheme to avoid confusion : bush = george bush sr. . dubya = george walker bush jeb !, 
  = john ellis bush, 
  hard brexit : the uk becomes an independent country . 
  soft brexit : the uk negotiates a bunch of treaties with the eu which are less favorable than the deals it had before , but still better for the economy than hard brexit . 
  the reason countries risk going bankrupt upon leaving the eu is that their economies are so much better off inside the eu and companies do n't expect them to be retarded . 
  the only ways the eu could stop this is to abolish capitalism and/or be detrimental to the countries that join it . 
  how about we trade - you give me 100 litres of helium in a high pressure vat and i give you 200 litres of helium balloons in exchange . 
  if you 're the 6th richest area in europe , how exactly are you getting ripped off ? 
  do you think you deserve to be even more rich than you apparently already are , because there happen to be natural resources under your house ? 
  if you get enough of a share to be the richest region in the netherlands , is it too much to ask for you to take care of the house damage yourselves ? 
  wisdom and intelligence are different stats . 
  the ability to regurgitate information on demand is separate from the ability to judge it well . 
  it gets tiresome to see a country do nothing but regress civically over the course of 30 years . 
  turkey is like a partner or friend who has slowly gotten more lazy , hateful and demanding while we have developed positively as a person . 
  we know there 's some good in you , but we do n't know if we have the leverage or patience to help you when seem to be unable to help yourself . 
  how do you figure that ? 
  the eu appears to be paying , so how would the countries that exercise their militaries at the eu 's expense be ` stealth taxed ' ? 
  security , ability to travel across the eu , european exchange programs , pan-european data roaming , wealth and/or job availability and/or cheaper products ( depending on how isolationist your country would have been without the eu , and its natural resources ) , etc. 
  but why force people to have children when they are n't ready ? 
  if you want to incentivise childbirth , why not subsidise it ? 
  you do n't need to be plainly racist to single out the colonies .
