  do you have an image of what `` border control '' would be , for italy ? 
  migrants are using a clause in maritime law and/or human rights that nations have an obligation to save people whose ships are adrift , sinking , ca n't make it to another port , etc. 
  and once they 're on land , there are other treaties , laws , and declarations which allow them to request asylum . 
  there may even be laws and human rights declarations that they may not be confined for the duration of their processing . 
  short of building an impassable fence on the naval border of african coastal waters , there is nothing the italians are sanctioned to do . 
  and as you say , they have little to gain as long as france keeps its border open . 
  as for france , they would have to violate schengen to close their borders , which would set a precedent for other european nations to ignore treaties for their own benefit . 
  britain is in the perfect situation that france has to enforce their border on french soil , according to the channel tunnel treaty . 
  the migrants are n't being unusually selfish . 
  abusing legal gaps to avoid prosecution and doing whatever possible for your own benefit within that gap is normal modern capitalism . 
  civility often is n't profitable . 
  blaming migrants ( or rather the subset of migrants that engages in this behaviour ) for this is like blaming comcast for bad cable . 
  true enough , but as productive as pissing into the wind . 
  as for pointing fingers , the eu is confusing enough that individual players can avoid looking responsible , and the issue is polarised enough that actual solutions currently fall outside the acceptable realm of discourse of either side . 
  a ` leftist ' proposing effective border control can easily be demonised by the media . 
  a ` right wing radical ' proposing civil treatment of migrants who are already here can easily be heckled by the mob . 
  proposing solutions is political suicide right now . 
  i know it does n't address the point , i just want to see a guy jump out of a window through my actions . 
  is that too much to ask ? 
  they are a fringe group without the inoculation too . 
  there is supposed to be an improvement , and that is evidently not established . 
  the [ anglo-zanzibar war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-zanzibar_war ) may suffice . 
  while the militia was mostly drawn from the civilian population , that was within zanzibar 's sovereign rights , and they were mostly armed . 
  meanwhile the british only fired on strategic targets . 
  with respect to people 's fears , it 's clearly an [ hedonic treadmill ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hedonic_treadmill ) . 
  we 're safer than ever , but also unusually scared because of the accessibility of horror and the narrative of worry . 
  the actual rate matters not nearly as much as you seem to think . 
  people wo n't care close to twice as much if the rate per person doubles , and neither would halving the rate come close to halving people 's fears . 
  besides , terrorism is but one of the worries that come with letting million ( s ) of muslims into europe mostly unchecked . 
  but even if [ the european people 's fears dropped to reasonable levels considering shitty border control , rape , organised crime , shariah courts , domestic abuse , honour killings , delinquency , hostile attitude to homosexuals , overtaxed social services , etc. 
  ( or whatever level you prefer ) , and terrorism went down to zero , if $ 10b was put into surveillance ] , i do n't think that would be worth a million africans ' lives ( which is what curing malaria and other tropical diseases would do for that amount of money ) . 
  \\  a city that gets attacked every now and then for ` every now and then ' being less than fifty times the european average over the past decade , sure . 
   so you measure people 's well-being and happiness in euros ? 
  yes , because that ( and effort ) is how the world demands payment for those things . 
  if a nation has $ 10 billion to spend , you can waste it all on assuring the people the boogeyman is n't going to get them , or you can provide university education to 20,000 people , or you can lower taxes , or you can build a border fence and spend $ 7k per immigrant on integration , or you can cure malaria . 
  if you do n't know which of those is preferable or simply refuse to make that comparison , you will simply lose . 
   is this how you look at war , too ? 
  more people die of starvation , so it 's not that big of a problem anyway ? 
  depends on which intervention is cheaper for the improvement caused . 
  infrastructure damage is orders of magnitude less than surveillance costs . 
  having to replace one or two buildings or mass transit vehicles per year is n't worth bothering about . 
  feeling of safety does not correlate strongly with actual safety . 
  it does help that ` something is done to improve things ' , but it does n't exactly inspire safety when the sum of media is `` this threat is serious enough to sell out our deepest values for , but even that will do extremely little to help the problem '' . 
  better to change the government narrative to showing how ineffectual terrorism is , and put in some token effort with less serious consequences . 
  chance of injury or death from terrorism is still extremely low compared to other causes . 
  would you rather have the government read and store everything you ever communicate to others and use that information to restrict political freedom of expression ( including that of the far-right ) , or lose the right to drive for two days of the year ( with a corresponding increase in public transport capacity ) ? 
  the former might save 100 lives per year in europe , if we 're unlucky . 
  the latter would save 110 . 
  i just mean it 's odd to call it `` pretty hefty '' when the actual percentage is one of the lowest in the world . 
  it may even not be much worse than it was in the '90s , after the soviet union collapsed and eastern europe was an administrative mess . 
  while a lower criminal population is almost always nice , right now it 's more a matter of wasted resources than a major threat to society . 
  for that i figure we 'd need to wait for the 10 million mark , so mid-2019 at the average rate of increase over 2015 ( 2m/year ^ 2 ) . 
  are n't there like 10 million illegal aliens in the us ? 
  30 % of eu migrants is less than a tenth of that . 
  \\  assuming belgians can count properly, 
  i downvoted your comment , because if you 're still willing to argue you answered the question , i have no faith in this discussion bearing fruit . 
  lest anyone believe i am dodging your comment : fallacy falllacy . 
  compare the facts of how surveillance was increased over time in the past two decades to how restrictions on speech are tightened , and you empirically see a slippery slope in action . 
  if an incentive slope exists and grease is deliberately applied , the slippery slope is simply real . 
  i will not respond to future comments . 
  good luck finding people with more patience than i. 
  \\  still not answering the question you claimed that the only arguments were absolutism and weird slippery slope arguments . 
  / u/1143z asked for clarification on the slippery slope arguments , not on the absolutism ( per se ) . 
  we believe that some of the slippery slope arguments are valid , analogously to how certain slippery slope arguments in surveillance are valid . 
  if you had been familiar with them and willing to address the issue , it would have saved him some time explaining by enabling argument by analogy . 
  [ the relevant xkcd ] ( https://xkcd.com/1431/ ) is indirect evidence otherwise . 
  on the global scale it 's still undoubtedly still majority opinion . 
  and what if they do n't ? 
  please do n't dodge questions . 
  tragedy of the commons should be well within the abilities of democracy or international treaties to resolve : in democracy , everyone is in the minority and can be kep in line by legislation enacted by the majority , and with treaties signatories who do n't keep their promises can be punished with mistrust or penalties specified by the treaty . 
  the problem is that we elect governments willing to break previous governments ' international treaties , and we do n't trust any international organisation enough to empower it to extract fines from nations that defect against their wishes . 
  thhe us , china , and many other countries have proven themselves unreliable . 
  if we want these treaties to work , we need to know they 'll be reliably enforced even if the national governments involved completely change political alignment , and for that we need to know that even a representative from our national political enemies will not abuse that power . 
  that has happened , with trade agreements and military alliances and the eu itself , but for things like this the political/career incentives aren ` mistrust so the problem is to find a way to make political cooperation in this area , or the willingness to cooperate , as rewarding for politicians as securing trade agreements is . 
  no , it is n't , and i doubt even you believe the straws you are grasping at will hold . 
  if that is not the case , i honestly do n't know how to reach you . 
  sympathy does not equal approval . 
  that answers your first two questions . 
   you 're painting it as if this was an unavoidable chain of events , and not one where are many points the option to get out or simply deciding against getting into it in the first place was and is always present . 
  i attempted to paint it as one where every step towards fascism was understandable or even justified , and usually caused by mainstream ostracism rather than their own exceptional stupidity or immorality . 
  a failed attempt at generating sympathy . 
  i do n't think he meant ` what if they were born now ' but ` what if they were copied from the height of their brilliance and placed in present day ' . 
  that is relatively easy to answer , because it does n't change any of their thought patterns . 
  all ideologies have enemies who do n't sympathise with them . 
  therefore lack of sympathy is n't evidence against the truth of an ideology . 
  on the other hand , if an ideology has managed to sway 90 % of a population it must strike on some universal human appeal . 
  if you do n't get that appeal , either you are a psychological abberation ( unlikely ) or you simply do n't model the situation accurately enough . 
  sympathy often follows automatically from that . 
  therefore sympathy with an ideology correlates with understanding it . 
  lack of sympathy does not correlate with truth , but it correlates with your understanding . 
  therefore lack of sympathy says more about your ignorance than about the ideology . 
   i do n't think anyone is genuinely dumb enough to consider fascism the `` smaller evil '' . 
  voting against a party which would spend $ 100 billion on preventing asteroid impacts is n't the same as considering asteroid impacts a smaller evil . 
  there is an acceptable risk of fascism ( and not just because sufficient risk-aversion against bad ideologies is itself a form of fascism ) , set by how costly if would be to decrease the risk further , or how rewarding it is to increase the risk , compared to how costly fascism is . 
  in their case , the reward may seem high ( reduction of risk of destruction of europe ) , the risk may seem low ( who would be mad enough to allow fascists to gain a majority rather than adopting sensible immigration policies ) and/or the price may seem low ( fascism was n't so bad ) , for their vote to make democratic sense . 
  if all you wanted to say is that fascism is bad , then congratulations on your daring , thoughtful and unique analysis , you shining diamond , you . 
  as for sympathy for fascism , that again may be putting the cart before the horse . 
  first they just vote for the radical party to shake things up . 
  then they see their reasons not get addressed by the mainstream parties , and get exposed more to fascist points of view . 
  they get ostracised for sympathising with fascists , and move to new , more fascism-symapthy-tolerant social circles .
