i thought it was just shitty password usage by the celebs involved . 
  did apple actually do something wrong ? 
  i did n't pass judgment in my post . 
  if you think mowing down endless waves of starving african families is not an acceptable condition for living in a first world paradise , and you happen to live on a continent bordering a potential source of such a wave , then you 've got to accept that you might just end up being overrun by said human waves , with all the consequences that entails . 
  however , you are correct that i do hold the preservation of european culture ( including progressivism , science , futurism , etc. ), 
  and social mores in higher regard than billions of human lives , regardless of whether those very social mores would condemn the choice ( as you do ) . 
  with the current state of european multiculturalism , i would trust the american-lead nato long before a potentially wishy-washy european council . 
  a great migration of africans , south - and west asians due to war , shortages or whatever . 
  brute manpower and ruthlessness are a plus , and currently i do n't really associate the combined european forces as either . 
   the standard way ( expungement ) should be ` free ' , ie . 
  paid by taxes . 
  also ` free ' in the sense that expensive lawyers and more creative constructions will also net you more results . 
   if you want special treatment , pay additionally . 
  nothing wrong with it . 
  in my country , we call that corruption . 
  blue or green eyes are a good indicator that someone is white/caucasian . 
  in zimbabwe , that would disqualify you from land ownership , so passably black mixed race people might get away with contact lenses and a tan . 
  paying to fund the process ? 
  as if the rule did n't blatantly advantage white collar crime ( or , as in existing cases , ought-to-be-a-crime ) enough already . 
  that 's pedantic . 
  hide , not change . 
  contact lenses , burqas , skin-bleaching products , etc. 
  and `` easy '' is relative . 
  maintaining an entire judicial apparatus for deciding case-by-case who gets to be forgotten is not nearly as easy as putting on specific clothes every day . 
   it 's not comparable you 're comparing the two in your very comment . 
  unless you believe that ** if ** people were able to hide their race easily , we should tell them to do that * rather than * have anti-racial discrimination laws , your point is moot . 
  the problem clearly is n't in the ease with which you can hide , it 's with the fact you would have to hide at all . 
   you have two potential employees . 
  you do n't have a preference for either . 
   you find out one is of moroccan descent , the other one is n't . 
   suddenly it does matter , does n't it ? 
  so let 's allow people to censor racially identifying information from the internet and their cvs . 
  surely that will solve the underlying problem !, 
  obviously , no . 
  the problem is that there is prejudice towards that group in the first place , not that people can tell you can belong to that group . 
  if prejudice against a group is unwanted , find a way to remove or compensate for that prejudice , rather than ask the prejudiced-against to hide part of themselves . 
   i think the opposite is actually happening . 
  there 's more and more censorship everywhere . 
  * and that 's terrible * . 
  it 's near impossible to fight against an opponent who can learn everything about you but whom you ca n't know about . 
  and yes , those in power will know what you want to keep hidden if they 're bothered to find out ( especially if they have access to the censorship database , which they do ) . 
  it 's really hard not to appeal to imagery like the ministry of information from * 1984 * - except of course the pieces of data are stored by intelligence agencies ( or the corporations they hire to do it for them ) rather than entirely destroyed . 
  this `` right to be forgotten '' is the ability to be forgotten by the general public , not by the government or private information databases . 
  people have already used it to hide corporate mismanagement , and this kind of information asymmetry will only get worse : imagine if the snowden leaks were censored because soldiers involved used their `` right to be forgotten '' ( under american orders , of course ) . 
  it 's so bad , the exact opposite of this `` right '' would be better for our society : the right to spread * inconvenient * information , even if service providers would rather censor it . 
  either the fact that it is known is n't a problem , or the reaction people have to it being known is the problem . 
  in the former case , the `` right '' is bad because it fixes a non-issue . 
  in the latter case , is it really a good idea to try to prevent cases from appearing , rather than trying to stop the problem directly - namely , that people overreact to a past that people have paid for and left behind them ? 
  compare it to racial , sexual , and other forms of discrimination . 
  you could fight the symptoms by giving people the right to purge information that is indicative of a negative stereotype : allow people to call themselves `` john '' instead of `` achmed '' on their c.v. , to give a false birth date or gender , etc. 
  but people could probably find out sometime , and you 're not solving the underlying problem of people discriminating . 
  so instead , we have laws and systems which prevent or compensate for those forms of discrimination we consider immoral . 
  why not do the same for people at risk of prejudice because of this problem , and * not * add to the growing list of ways to censor and modify common knowledge ? 
  if you said you were greek each time , it might have learned to recognise what you said as greek based on your previous input . 
  the eu does n't need to , but nato would love to move that much closer to russia , and their popularity in ukraine [ has spiked ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukraine\u2013nato_relations#popular_opinion_in_ukraine ) since the start of the crisis . 
  if there will be a prolonged civil war , it would probably push public opinion to the extremes , with any opposition to the west paintable with the same `` pro-russian '' brush in propaganda , so the ukrainian government would be inclined to join nato . 
  the ukrainian pm 's has spoken out [ against joining nato ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/03/18/uk-ukraine-crisis-nato-idukbrea2h0do20140318 ) , but it sounds a lot like an attempt to placate the pro-russian side . 
  if the pro-russians continue to fight in spite of this , the pro-western side has little reason ( that i know of ) to keep urging neutrality . 
  premise of the article : putin wants crimea , and is satisfied with a quagmire in eastern ukraine . 
  unaddressed problem : that 's a bad trade . 
  european economic independence , and guaranteeing that ukraine will align with the west can hardly be considered worth owning the land 200 km around the naval base you already had . 
  while a defensive pact between the us and europe is good , the reason it came up in this context is that europe is far too dependent on american militaries , and way too lenient towards american influence . 
  nato treaties are built on the assumption of american military bases and black ops sites in our territories , and we might want to renegotiate those treaties to such a point that it is only superficially similar to the current nato . 
  if it was n't for the way seats are assigned to countries first , i would have voted pirate party too . 
  as it stands , we would need 4 % of the vote to get even one seat , while the actual results point to less than 1 % . 
   8 120 km/h or lower max speeds are in the minimum bracket , and 1 in the middle bracket . 
   7 130 km/h are in the minimum bracket , 5 in the middle bracket , and 1 is in the top bracket . 
   2 140 km/h are in the middle bracket . 
   infinite germany is in the minimum bracket . 
  there is a definite correlation between the maximum speed and the number of road deaths . 
  is romania rich enough to provide all its useful or zero-sum-game-necessary upper class with enough monetary incentive to stay in romania ? 
  i doubt it . 
  so your entire upper class , along with anyone intelligent and not nationalistic enough to accept being paid half of what they could be paid abroad , leaves romania . 
  tax income drops , and you 've got a nation of poor people . 
  brain drain is a real problem , and there is no free market solution . 
  the romanian people will be a lot worse off a decade from now unless some european measure is taken to prevent it or its effects . 
  there need to be income regulations at the european level . 
  that sounds intentionally divisive . 
  why not have national elections ? 
  and no , i do n't understand why american states or european nations are counted separately in parliamentary elections either . 
   but in russia people have families to feed , jobs to work and and loved ones to not want to lose . 
  we have those in the netherlands too . 
   they are not willing to put their life and freedom on the line because of some shit going down in a different country . 
  deciding not to act does not absolve you of the responsibility of that choice . 
  not even if i would agree with you that doing nothing is the right one . 
  and do consider that ukraine is not an isolated incident . 
  georgia , lgbt rights , freedom of speech , widespread corruption , the media being a propaganda machine , election shenanigans - and that 's just what i know off the top of my head . 
  your country is hurting its own people , not just threatening world peace and invading others . 
   that said i would n't want to take responsibility for the actions of my government . 
  too bad . 
  when you finance them and gladly use the services they offer , you 're aiding them and voluntarily making use of their potentially ill-gained goods , and you 're damn well responsible for that . 
   but how could the average russian have any influence on their current politics . 
  sadly , that is a bit unrealistic . 
  are they incapable of organising demonstrations ? 
  strikes ? 
  mass refusals to pay taxes ? 
  emigration ? 
  disowning the nation as a whole and disliking it with the rest of us ? 
   if such a behavior we saw at the song contest would be directed against your country , you would n't take it too well . 
  i would like to think i 'd have jumped ship before my country ( and/or the eu ) descends to that level .
