  therefore , even if the woman is just as competent as a man would have been , which would the squad be better off having ? 
  including women in combat roles will reduce combat efficiency as long our enemies and/or we ourselves are sexist . 
  and right now , both are true . 
  we may decide that it 's an acceptable price for equality . 
  after the first dozen rapes of female troops , the news would get old , the outrage would settle ( on it being acceptable , via the premise ) , and women would be considered less of a protected class from then on . 
  this benefits how they 're perceived in matters of domestic violence , general violence , etc. 
  but to deny that there is a price is the kind of unnecessary black and white statements that fuel reactionary rhetoric with its obvious falsehood . 
  the best thing for estonia to do , strategically , is to be part of a strong military alliance which can threaten to retaliate after estonia is overwhelmed . 
  nato does more to secure estonia 's independence than 100 % of the estonian national budget being allocated to defense would . 
  if estonia 's contribution was relevant enough to invest political capital in for negotiating a more optimised solution , the 2 % contribution would just be a membership fee . 
  estonian military would be a couple of divisions within nato military assigned to the baltic front as necessary , and then where useful for the grand strategy . 
  and if they want , they can spend more to maintain a national army or whatever else they please . 
  as it stands , the 2 % military budget target does n't seem to have a deeper reason behind it than `` it 's fair that they should spend some money contributing to the alliance they benefit from '' . 
  it 's a basic function of indirect democracy , you phillistine . 
  people do n't like the nasty things that are necessary to maintain a country , like military dominance , costly embargoes , taxes , spycraft , obligations to foreign countries , tolerance , border control , etc. 
  we elect representatives so that we put people in charge who can make a full-time job of getting a clear and consistent worldview . 
  that comes with its own set of biases and errors , like cronyism and the iraq war itself , but it 's a typical direct democracy mob mentality thing to take those errors as proof that your own beliefs are right all along , rather than mere evidence that they were wrong . 
  look up the athenian democracy if you want to see where your flavour of accountability leads . 
  separation of powers and staggered elections are tools that prevent the people from destroying the nation . 
  they 're not perfect , but they 've been established through blood , tears , and reasoning by men a lot smarter than either of us . 
  they are not unchallengeable either , but your kind of comments are worse than useless . 
  if you honestly believe the system failed you , try to find ways to improve it . 
  do n't just throw a temper tantrum and advocate the destruction of a system that has caused so much good and prevented so much harm . 
  meh , it 's less cruel to animals than eating meat and less dangerous and expensive than f1 racing . 
  the only reason i can think of for banning it that is n't trivially hypocritical for the majority of the population to hold , is that of a moral gatekeeper - claiming that even though the act itself is n't that harmful , it is evidence or cause of the corruption of the minds of the people that enjoy it . 
  like homosexuality , playing violent video games , political activism for inappropriate political movements , abortion , etc. 
  and i believe the common opinion in that regard was ` fuck off and be tolerant of others ' differing preferences ' . 
  nationalism is an ideology . 
  what you 're thinking of is patriotism , which is typically necessary for nationalism , but not sufficient . 
  when a socialist sees a problem , they seek a solution through regulation . 
  when a neo-liberal sees a problem , they seek a solution through creating market incentives . 
  when a nationalist sees a problem , they seek a solution through reaching a more pure essence of the nation ( by removing foreign influences , calling on patriotic fervour , etc. 
  it puts too little value on the lives of people that make up the nation , and too much on the abstraction that is the nation . 
  it implies unnatural categories , overestimating the importance of differences in nationality and underestimating differences in subcultures . 
  nationalism is why half the british people thought they should leave the eu : they did n't like many ` foreign ' influences , and because of nationalism were brought under the impression that becoming a more separate nation would mean a nation with fewer of those influences . 
  instead , the muslims they complain about have british passports , and the poles that ` steal their jobs ' contributed positively to the economy and the lack of jobs was caused by trade globalisation and economic inequality . 
  while in the short term it would be best to squeeze britain for everything we can , in the long term that damages our reputation . 
  it 's useful for the eu to have its trading partners ` leave good reviews ' , or at least for us to be able to clearly point out how they 're being unreasonable for leaving bad ones . 
  otherwise future potential trading partners may prefer investing their efforts elsewhere , where they can get a better deal despite possibly lacking some leverage . 
  britain has always been part of oceania !, 
  afaik your civil id is gender-binary . 
  you 're registered with the state as either male or female . 
  what 's the difference between a tax haven and a liberal economic policy ? 
  is every country with less taxation than us in some internationally tradeable service than the eu average our enemy ? 
  his claim with regards to burden of proof is that the overly narrow definition is not the bottleneck in prosecutions , but that providing sufficient evidence is . 
  how likely is it that the prosecution can prove that a negative response was given , if they ca n't prove that there was sufficient duress ? 
  if by ` proper integration and job policies ' you mean things that violate the european convention of human rights , sure . 
  they 're willing to treat their immigrants like dirt , such that they actually become profitable . 
  even then the lower class is screwed trying to compete with sub-minimum wage second class inhabitants . 
  the netherlands has a high population density , and almost all land has some intensive use or ban against development . 
  the high population density means we get less wind per citizen , while the intensive land use means that solar power is relatively expensive , at least in terms of opportunity cost . 
  it makes sense to me that urbanised and developed regions should produce less renewable power than areas with cheaper land or otherwise more favourable circumstances . 
  that 's no reason for the netherlands not to do its part in preserving the environment , but imo it should be sufficient if the netherlands buys ` renewableness ' from other eu countries . 
  by buying renewableness , i mean that a dutch company gets to call 1 kwh ` renewable ' in exchange for a different company calling 1 kwh of actually ` renewable ' energy ` non-renewable ' . 
  [ the mediterranean route tends to occur more in bursts ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/country.php?id=502 ) . 
  one day they rescue nobody and the next they rescue 2000 - ships have to be larger to safely travel to italy , versus crossing a small bit of sea from turkey to greece . 
  writing about an especially high daily peak is flashy , but it 's more productive to go by more averaged data . 
  [ if we go by monthly estimates ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/regional.php ) , the total rate of migration has so far been about half that of the year before , since the closure of the balkan route . 
  it 's possible the rate will increase once this path becomes more well-trodden . 
  therefore , we can now reasonably estimate at least 600,000 migrants in 2016 , unless the mediterranean route is closed . 
  why would a common economic policy require economic equality ? 
  the united states seems to be doing okay with the amount of disparity between the mississippi delta states and new england and calfornia . 
  plants survived the cretaceous . 
  why would n't they survive anthropogenic climate change ? 
  unless you just mean crop yields from open-air farms decrease enough to make greenhouse agriculture more profitable , which i can buy . 
  there 's a pretty good biophysics lab at the amsterdam medical center . 
  the number of students has increased massively the past couple of years , so maybe they 've got a spot for someone with experience . 
  complaining that a beneficial brexit means euroskeptics gain support is like complaining that the discovery of dna means evolutionists gain support . 
  anyone who supports truth or progress should be happy if the electorate is so ready to change their minds based on actual evidence . 
  i agree that this wo n't stop the growth of reactionary political groups . 
  religious/cultural tensions with immigrants , worries about loss of local culture , tradition and economy , * de facto * opacity of european government , law , and international agreements , increasing wealth gaps between rich and poor , etc. 
  - there are plenty of changes to worry people that are n't addressed by a nation which opts out not doing terribly great . 
  right - their being global leaders is . 
  by 1923 there had been an attempted nazi coup to overthrow the jewish conspiracy/government . 
  so the anti-conservative rhetoric is definitely less caustic than that . 
  in 1919 , the party was irrelevant and largely disregarded ( hitler not being a member until november ) . 
  so it 's probably somewhere between 1920 and 1922 if you 're talking about publicly propagated language . 
  source ? 
  the eu economy suffering from the uk leaving has , as far as i know , always been predicted by remainers and the eu establishment . 
  it 's obvious , regardless . 
  if they do n't like british culture , why would you expect them to like eastern european culture ? 
  they 're not hypocrites , they 're just willing to abuse white guilt and naivet\u00e9 to get what they want . 
  ok , fine , $ 50 worth of paperwork . 
  the point is that awareness * is n't * [ magic ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/018/816/its-magic-i-aint-gotta-explain-shit2.jpg ) . 
  you ca n't just slap awareness onto a social problem to fix it or get people to fix it . 
  for example , awareness actually make suicide and mass murder more common . 
  you have to answer ( or better yet , demonstrate ) how these bracelets are supposed to positively change behaviour , not just assert that they do and hope for the best . 
  is it really a good idea to have bracelets going around which carry the implication that those who do n't wear them want to get raped ? 
  is trying to get more people to be aware of something really effective in a society that is already blasting them with billions of euros worth of attention-seeking through advertisement and media ? 
  awareness also creates reactionaries . 
  if people are made aware of a problem , they disagree with the proposed solution ( or justify their inaction as disagreement ) , then later hear that the solution was implemented , they 'll dislike the system that went over their heads , and seek to actively oppose it in the future . 
  because britain is leaving the [ eu tsg law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geographical_indications_and_traditional_specialities_in_the_european_union#protected_designation_of_origin_.28pdo.29 ) , any european country will be allowed to make reproductions of those recipes as long as they are n't patented . 
  and considering you do n't have a land border with switzerland or the eu 's agricultural recipes , i doubt you can compete on price . 
   but the media has a legal responsibility to present the truth . 
  while lying is libel , they 're allowed to misrepresent and give subjective opinions . 
  that 's plenty to work with to argue any point . 
   but the media acted out of malice . 
  that is a simplification that will serve you poorly . 
  the media is made up of people similar to you and me - people hoping to keep jobs , in a constant flux between idealism , ignorance and practicality . 
  i do n't know for certain , but from what i understand in the netherlands a trained journalist would not have the right to social security if he refused to work for a shitty tabloid if it 's the only job offer he got after x years .
