  historically they care about the us and make sure to maintain a powerful lobby there . 
   can someone explain me how it is a `` feminist core value '' ? 
  so gender equality is `` ethnocentric and prejudiced '' and it is an ok position for someone who was applying for the board of the green party ? 
  people do n't by default construct self-consistent theories . 
  they have a list of statements with some positive or negative affect attached to them . 
  2 +2 = 5 is n't inconsistent with the definitions of numbers to humans , so much as it is sad because everyone will call you an idiot if you say it and if you use it then the universe wo n't cooperate . 
  that 's why , like in * 1984 * , torture can make you believe falsehoods , because at some point the expectation of pain overrides cognitive dissonance and expectation of poor results and fear of consequence and any other downsides . 
  these people attach goodness to tolerance of islam in spite of concerns . 
  they attach goodness to gender equality . 
  only when attention is forced on the contradiction do they evaluate it , and what the outcome of that is depends on a host of factors : benefits from one outcome being true , social skills , oratory skills , social networks , physical attractiveness , status of those involved , etc. 
  the reasons they like tolerating islam include peer pressure , the general virtue of tolerance , [ spite towards perceived xenophobes ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4cpe94/be_deutsch_achtung_germans_on_the_rise_from_the/ ) , an inability to formulate complaints against islam in a way that does n't hit taboos ^ 1 , etc. 
  [ 1 ] an unrelated example is that people wo n't pick a charity which advertises itself as saving lives for 30 % less money than the competition because `` you ca n't put a value on a human life '' . 
  the nederrijn seems to be missing . 
  the belgian war for independence counts . 
  in that case , the independence movement was fostered by foreign powers , so the netherlands was pretty much forced into begrudging acceptance by its trading partners . 
  whatever lingering grudges persisted were replaced with sympathy in the first world war , as both countries wanted to stay neutral , but belgium was invaded without provocation , and the germans put up an electrified fence at the border which killed hundreds of belgian refugees for all dutch to see in the papers . 
  what also helps is that they got what they wanted , so they do n't begrudge us , but we ended up the richer and more unified country , so we do n't begrudge them . 
  in towns were neighbours opposed neighbours , like baarle-hertog , the conflict was resolved with ridiculously precise borders , which also at least implies that people at different sides of the conflict hated one another less than they hated moving , even immediately after the war . 
  our culture has always been kind of down-to-earth and individualistic , though . 
  loyalty to family or nation is n't seen as a major virtue ( compared to most of non-scandinavian europe ) , and overt passion for a cause is seen as kind of tacky . 
  so it 's easy to let bygones be bygones in the face of potential profit . 
  i do n't think the eu should be the/a publisher . 
  it needlessly splits the scientific community and opens publishing standards up to political meddling . 
  it also replaces an incentive system for capitalism/corruptibility which has frankly worked okay for science so far . 
  their popularity is little evidence for or against their quality . 
  most political parties are n't very good , but other than those two things i ca n't say anything about them because i do n't know them . 
  show me understanding of society , ethics and economics , or policies that seem like a marginal improvement , and i 'll root for you . 
  but popularity is a poor measure of quality . 
  you mean the known corrupt criminals who have presided over the most economically prosperous , peaceful , and scientifically developing half-century in human existence ? 
  the best sailors are on the shoreline , as the dutch saying goes . 
  while there may be better systems , being able to point at things that suck about the current one is not nearly enough to indicate that your system would be any better . 
  i do n't know the icelandic pp 's policy or candidates , but unfortunately populism and governance better than the current regime 's rarely go together . 
  similar corruptibility , but now with little to no experience in government or law , and with strange new ideals to be twisted in new and interesting ways . 
  modern feminism reintroduces loads of gender roles and stereotypes . 
  people find they do n't match those stereotypes so rather than go against scripture they declare themselves to be an exception . 
   well , between never eating feces and only eating feces and nothing else , i do believe a middle ground can be achieved . 
  there is no particular reason why the truth should be in the middle . 
  perceiving yourself to be in the center of political reasonableness is purely an artefact of your perspective , like geocentrism . 
   ex falso quod libet congratulations , you 've just said that if it 's wrong , it 's wrong . 
  i hope you feel clever . 
  the problem is whether we can be certain enough in democracy to put all of our eggs in one basket . 
  to simultaneously have so much faith and so little in the general public that you do n't trust them.with the power to distribute power away from themselves . 
   if that were true , then there would n't be any tolerance at [ all ] , since both the tolerant and the intolerant were intolerant . 
  congratulations , you just phrased my argument against what you said as if it were an argument against something i said . 
  yes indeed , if you are categorically intolerant of intolerance , you yourself become intolerant . 
  luckily , as i explicitly stated in my previous comment , there is a wholed slew of reasoned paths , where you tolerate certain intolerances but not others . 
  suppose democracy is suboptimal , though . 
  in that case by banning anti-democratic parties you 're guaranteeing the nation will stagnate barring a violent revolution or disloyalty by the police and military . 
  which means that planning for such a revolution becomes the only way you can oppose the current democratic system . 
  which pushes a lot of people into the violent camp . 
  the problem with `` the tolerant '' categorically refusing to tolerate intolerance is that that just makes them intolerant as well . 
  stare into the abyss and all that . 
  you have to be nice and practical , and that does n't obey simple rules . 
  i did n't mean to imply that it 's getting wasted , though that 's apparently the meaning of the phrase . 
  sorry for the unintended insult . 
  we would : the entire former eastern bloc is a ~ ~ money sink ~ ~ source of budget deficit right now , and wars are always expensive . 
  then you say the weather is nice sarcastically . 
  what laws you 're subject to depends on what country you 're in , so it matters a decent amount . 
  at the very least you should know whether or not the tax collector at your door is a fraud . 
  it would be nice if you could give even a single argument , or even just a specific example of the doublethink . 
  you think i 'm religious ? 
  anyway , nice to be a `` good christian '' hiding behind a military and police and border countries and military allies consisting of `` bad christians '' . 
  gandhi relied on the peaceful attitude of the british public . 
  a century before he and his peaceful demonstrations would have been mowed down by gatling gun fire and no european would have cared . 
  therefore , he would have been wrong to advocate peaceful rebellion then . 
  he seems smart enough not to try , though . 
  the bible is too inconsistent to get a solid reading on jesus ' opinions . 
  render unto caesar , or turn the other cheek ? 
  i do n't get what you mean with `` their approach '' . 
  to what ? 
  leading a state religion ? 
  fighting terrorism ? 
  what they actually did ? 
  it is if there are other cultures which have a less peaceful approach to things . 
  christianity did n't start vouching for emperors and kings with constantine because jesus said so , but because they brought armies and were n't afraid to use them to protect the faith . 
  luckily it seems that the government would just ignore a no-vote , so it probably wo n't affect you negatively . 
  troll more subtly . 
  ignore morality and look at it from a darwinian perspective . 
  if someone born before the 19th century sees two women having sex , there 's a decent chance he can join them and make babies . 
  if he sees two men having sex , the chances are considerably more grim . 
  `` cherry-picked '' , eh ? 
  what 's to stop someone from getting a fake syrian passport and joining the queue of ` refugees ' to be exchanged for illegal migrants ? 
  the buildup of migrants has only just begun . 
  i wonder how good the border holds when there are half a million trying to get through . 
  the unsc permanent member veto is one of the most unquestionably best things about the un . 
  it keeps all the major players at the table , prevents one fraction from dominating ( necessitating the others to make a power play ) , reducing risk of nuclear war . 
  by whom *, 
  yeah , and that erdogan fellow is n't very trustworthy either . 
  it seems to have worked okay for the tens of thousands that took the italian route . 
  the libyan-italian route is similarly long . 
  i do n't know about the nature of the sea , but it seems like they would just need bigger boats . 
  if the buildup of migrants continues , what are the chances greece will turn a blind eye to migrants getting their own boats like at the turkish-greek sea border ? 
  okay , so then they invoke nato 's article 5 and every nato member is required by treaty to attack the eu/greece/whomever . 
  if it 's an eu-sanctioned policy , the non-eu nato members would probably just tell the turks no , making them treaty-breakers . 
  nato 's power and unity would falter because of a precedent of ignoring a legitimate article 5 invocation . 
  the general precedent of ignoring one of the cornerstone treaties of western nations ' power base out of convenience would also severely undermine nato members ' political clout in all negotiations . 
  turkey would become a political enemy to nato , maybe forming an alliance with the russians or arab league . 
  if efforts to continue dropping refugees on turkish shores continue ( with the ` removal ' of turkish ships that offer resistance ) , the turks would start moving artillery and other military equipment to the aegean and probably start bombing greek ships from the shore . 
  if it 's an ngo , nato would almost certainly respond . 
  you 've just made yourself an enemy of the state , and you will be hunted down and captured .
