  this is false , as obviously shown by the fact that polls do n't always agree with people doing the polls . 
  that is because :  if you dictate the framework of the interpretation by constraining the answers to it , polls , by the nature of lower dimensionality , do this . 
  despite the poor use of language , i think i may see your point . 
  are you trying to state that the answers i gave do n't reflect the range of attitudes towards refugees the way you would like ? 
  and if so , is your problem with reducing their attitudes towards support of a certain amount of border control ? 
  or with the way of phrasing various levels of border control ? 
  chemical spectra produce overlapping patterns for similar possible combinations of chemicals . 
  other than through context , we ca n't tell the difference between any molecules or molecular components with identical weights . 
  they share the mathematical property of being produced through a subjective mapping . 
  if you compare to other spectra , like the political spectrum or chemical spectra , you 'll find that that puts it in good company . 
  in fact , what you have noticed is nothing less than a trivial consequence of projecting onto fewer dimensions ( barring the case where only redundant dimensions are removed ) . 
  back to the internet , presumably . 
  obviously not . 
  `` refugees attempting to enter europe/who have entered europe from safe countries should be denied entry/returned '' , or similar actual procedures , could be used . 
  alternatively : '' my attitude towards the current refugee crisis is similar in tone to the following statement : abolish borders | all refugees are welcome | all refugees are welcome until they have been rejected according to the proper procedures | something should be done to reduce the number of refugees , but anyone who is in we should treat fairly | every eu country can set its own refugee policy , and mine should accept its fair share | the number of refugees should be urgently curtailed | every eu country can set its own refugee policy , and mine should accept few | refugee camps should be outside europe | anyone illegally attempting to enter europe should be violently prevented | ban salafism/sharia law advocacy | ban islam | expel or otherwise remove all of muslim heritage '' labelling the spectrum with 0-11 , i would rank in at a 6.8 . 
  if i were to conduct a survey , i would first ask people across this spectrum whether they consider their part of the spectrum well represented , and then poll a different group . 
  i would expect the dutch average to be a 5.5 , with 25 % marks at 3.5 and 7.5 , and 5 % marks at 0.5 and 10.5 . 
  he said it the other way around , an important distinction . 
  estonia is n't very relevant to is . 
  if they refuse to house refugees , there 's a real chance they could fly under the radar , because few muslims care about estonia except the ones in estonia . 
  true , though the existence of a visible form of poll manipulation also implies the existence of invisible ones , like leading questions . 
  you 're probably confusing the ottomans for the muslims in general . 
  muslims did have territories in spain , sicily , and south-eastern europe up to vienna , at different times , but the spanish muslims were moors and were kicked out by the 11th century , while the turks only came to power in the 13th century and never ruled west of algeria . 
   it is the duty of our countries to help migrants who flee war and misery . 
  glad to see the pollsters were unbiased in how to phrase the question . 
  the same is true for all those groups , including muslims . 
  we have barely any idea what goes on with any of them . 
  banning or fighting the religion of islam in europe based on these attacks is as much of a poorly informed , knee-jerk crapshoot as banning or fighting the religion of catholicism in ireland would have been in response to the ira . 
  thanks for illustrating my point , i suppose . 
  my point is nazism was banned in modern europe because of the threat of its * proven * ability to convince modern europeans . 
  except your pointing to three regimes maintained or established through violence , two of which never were democracies , your arguments only argue that there was little evidence for nazism in advance either . 
  in order to establish a ban of an idea , we need the same standard of evidence for restricting a person . 
  we need positive proof which establishes culpability beyond reasonable doubt , establishing that our future ability to have a free discussion and development as a society is threatened by the idea . 
  we do n't want a red scare , we do n't want to violate people 's right to free speech without damn good reason . 
  and islam is n't nearly there yet . 
  closing eu borders would be a much less drastic step with similar long-term results . 
   stop pretending that islam is n't the root cause for this . 
  it 's not a root . 
  there is no root . 
  their backwards beliefs are much more general , all-encompassing , and internally self-referencing than that . 
  islam inhibits change and encourages violence against foreign influences , but without it there may still be ( depending on the person ) the bad culture itself , with the intolerance and disrespect for others . 
  people who were surprised that there could be such an attack , or how often they occur , should definitely account for muslims being harder to integrate than expected , or surveillance agencies being less competent than expected . 
  but saying islam is the root of it all may blind you to other options , like engaging the accompanying culture somehow . 
  nazism managed to turn a democratic , modern nation into a genocidal one through ideological pressure alone . 
  islam has n't had that honour , but instead ranks with ` terrorist ideologies ' like catholicism ( ira ) , protestantism ( weird american cults ) , animal rights ( volkert van der graaf ) , patriotism/nationalism of near every country in europe , democracy , republicanism , constitutional monarchy , socialism , communism , anarchism , anti-colonialism , colonialism , etc. 
  the last time we banned a religion , the results were n't exactly pleasant either ( thirty years ' war , among other conflicts ) . 
  or the last time an ideology was banned in response to terror attacks ( the reichstag fire ) . 
  another nice thing is that fascism is insular . 
  there are no fascists who do n't have very close ties to nazism . 
  is ' ideology ca n't be as cleanly separated from islam , being as independent as a bunch of protestants and as poorly religiously defined . 
  islam in general , however , is peacefully upheld by a large fraction of the population , is the state religion of several geopolitically important allies , and is n't that different from christianity in general , apart from the relative popularities of different sects . 
  maybe banning advocacy of the sharia could work from an ideological perspective , though that leaves loopholes wide enough to drive a dumptruck full of explosives through . 
   and colonialism has as much to do with your delusion as my straw-man does , because of course what we are talking about is n't colonialism at all anyways . 
  both your straw man and my ideas are theoretical forms of colonialism with no direct analogue in history , so yeah , you 're right . 
  the thing is , it does n't matter whether the idea resembles colonialism , what matters is whether it 's good or not , and that makes your straw man utterly useless , and my idea actually useful because it 's trying to improve upon historic forms of colonialism . 
   obviously we have irreconcilable views on the matter . 
  i would n't know , but i 'll take you at your word . 
  it indubitably did refer to [ the government not intercepting letters ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/secrecy_of_correspondence ) , which are the exact low-tech equivalent . 
   this is why you are wrong . 
  you are n't there to extract resources and turn a profit , you are there to change the people . 
  you are there to steal their children from their parents so the parents ca n't teach them the old ways of blood and violence . 
  you are there to kill the dissenters . 
  you are there to remake them in your own image . 
  i think i 'm in charge of what i 'm there to do , not you . 
  i can understand where you get the straw man image of colonialism from , but please understand that it is n't any more of a fair representation of colonialism than nazi germany is of democracy . 
  in actual colonial empires , few of the subjects allowed to enjoy a western education refused . 
  while the stability of post-colonial democracies strongly correlates with the westernisation of their ruling class , none of them have lost their original culture , so it is n't necessary to erase it either . 
  we do n't have the manpower to help everyone , so we only help those most easily helped - the christianised african countries , for example . 
  it does n't need to be a 19th century colony either : you can start back with bought up/occupied coastal plots of land like singapore or hong kong or new york used to be and just start building , accepting tenants as needed . 
  you do n't need to do stupid things like stealing children from their parents , you use sociological and economic incentives . 
  reward parents who play along , expose children to television and other media with western culture and morals ( and give older teens internet access ) , etc. 
   na\u00efvet\u00e9 is thinking you can fix the problem without massive bloodshed and atrocities . 
  depends on what you consider `` massive '' . 
  it should be easy to stay below 1 % of the population , given modern less-lethal weapons technology . 
   na\u00efvet\u00e9 is the idea that your kiddie-gloves colonialism is a serious solution . 
  you 're confusing kiddie gloves with not being stupid . 
  picking less violent regions , suppressing violence with less-lethal means , putting dissidents in for-profit prisons rather than killing them , etc. 
   na\u00efvet\u00e9 is thinking they will change if only they had wise masters to lead them down the right path . 
  given `` wise masters leading them down the right path '' is cultural indoctrination , how could they not ? 
  besides , it worked for indonesia , india , nigeria , and other successful post-colonial democracies . 
   this is exactly what it will take . 
  and they will be put to the sword , once the world starts colonizing africa again when resources run scarce and arable land is needed . 
  \\  implying that ensuring the survival of the human race is not a worthy cause . 
   do you honestly believe it will be so warmly accepted and that you are n't going to have to kill a lot of people in order to pacify the population ? 
  do you not think draconian martial law will be required for a very long time to maintain it ? 
  it was n't that bad last time , so no . 
  though i suppose it depends on what you consider ' a lot of people ' . 
   do you realize it will take at least two generations of this ( ~ 40 years ) to completely erase the original culture ? 
  good thing that 's not the goal . 
  it does take 5-20 years to start cranking out educated people who can join in building up the country , depending on the quality of education . 
   do you realize how much it would cost to occupy a country/region for that long ? 
  as i 've said before , colonies ran at a profit . 
  even on the short term , military occupation can be balanced out by resource acquisition and lower manual labor costs . 
   as opposed to your na\u00efve misconceptions concerning colonialization . 
  yes , because britain and france and the netherlands are all bankrupt . 
  because indonesia and india and africa are wastelands whose colonial history was much bloodier than their pre - and/or post-colonial history , filled with people much worse off than their pre-colonial equivalents . 
  colonialism was a net benefit for both sides when the main goals were profit and power , with mere 19th century understanding of economics and sociology . 
  with 21st century innovations , such as not being racist , pr and the internet , it should be easy to do much better , meaning less violence and more benefits for the local population . 
  na\u00efvet\u00e9 is faith in your fellow man , in spite of evidence . 
  trusting authority figures to tell the truth .
