  while putin is n't responsible for the alt-right , he clearly supports it and would like it to spread in the west . 
  putin himself wo n't reconcile with us . 
  he has overseen several invasions of russia 's neighbours and only stands to benefit at this point from poor relations with the west . 
  any benefit of the doubt we give him will be abused . 
  i do agree that we should try to bring russia , as in the russian people , closer . 
  ( as well as the entire alt-right ) . 
  i think you mean diplomatic reputation . 
  the government forces every parent to submit their children to 14 years of propaganda where they force children to learn to consider the government 's version of history , ontology , reason , social morality , biology , speech , writing structure , etc. 
  as correct . 
  banning modelling agencies from paying unhealthily anorexic people to be their models is tame compared to how invasive the government usually is . 
  if people want to be anorexic , they still can be , they just ca n't expect to make money off that choice . 
   less bones calm down there , gilderoy lockhart . 
  what if a ` human right ' is wrong , though ? 
  treaties are just agreements between a single room full of diplomats , possibly ratified by a simple democratic majority . 
  they 're not necessarily infallible . 
  so what method would you propose for changing these human rights , other than a referendum plus a ( super ) majority in parliament plus approval by the executive branch ? 
  because the reasoning the european countries are using to interfere with another country 's decision on human rights is just executive branch approval . 
  there 's no human rights treaty that expects these countries to interfere . 
  his idea is to ban turkish dual citizenship specifically . 
  the us ( and most of the world ) would still be allowed to have dual citizens because they are n't causing trouble . 
  do you really think propagandists have to announce their allegiance ? 
  all they need to do is get people to spread a narrative which benefits them , like the referendum being a way to vote against the eu . 
  what institution would you put in charge of the definition of ` redardation ' ? 
  that happens too when the ns buys software or trains or steel or vehicles or tech support from abroad . 
  if the ns can buy something cheaper from another country in the eu , why should n't they ? 
  the problem is that in this case , the service the irish shell company provides is tax evasion ( which the irish government then taxes , at a lower rate than other countries would have ) . 
  companies are good at making profit , but are generally amoral . 
  the ns was turned into a company because ( ideally ) the government judged that lowering the tax burden by making the ns more profitable by turning it into a company was better for the netherlands than whatever the fallout was of immoral cost-cutting measures . 
  in the big picture , companies doing immoral stuff like this should be expected . 
  it 's governments that should step in once these exploits are discovered and quickly patch them so companies can keep optimising , but in tracks that benefit everyone . 
   white collar jobs shall be the ones automated first ftfy . 
  robotics + ai will still automate blue-collar jobs in time . 
  being willing to subject yourself to the rightmost party that is n't fascist is a great way to get far-right people in power , disillusion proper leftists , and incentivise everyone on the right to prop up right-wing extremists for the left to be afraid of . 
  this is how you get trump versus clinton , with a general population so disenfranchised ( low voter turnout ) that trump wins . 
  how about we have some faith in democracy and do n't assume 35 % of the population is voting for an unspeakable evil so terrible that every sane party must be willing to sacrifice everything that sets it apart from other parties in order to prevent them from having any authority ? 
  how about we do n't reduce ourselves to a two-party system between neo-liberals and the alt-right ? 
  brain drain is healthy if it 's decently managed by a unified government . 
  it is n't a problem that educated people leave drenthe ( a rural province with no universities ) because the national government takes decent care of drentheners . 
  the problem as always is that the eu half-asses things , providing free trade and movement but not proper compensation for the people taken after they were educated at local expense . 
  ( nor does the eu provide administrative aid if local governments are corrupt , because of national sovereignty ) . 
  the prediction markets gave clinton an 85 % chance of victory the day before the election . 
  either you are rich , you are stupid , or you 're wrong . 
  and the legal/financial system that made it the most profitable for them to act that way is n't changed either . 
  a 50-year-old would be 24 years old when the cold war ended , so that 's too young for the conventional red scare . 
  because respecting laborers is communist . 
  [ shadowbanning is a thing reddit does ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/shadowban/ ) , so unfortunately his question is warranted . 
  i can see it on / r/europe in 67th spot with a score of 4 . 
   yes but when you house them in europe the money you spend stays here and eventually goes back to your pocket at some point in the future . 
  the resources you spend on them - food , labor , education , housing , electricity - do go away or depreciate in value . 
  they 're investments that could pay themselves back after a while . 
  most european governments are still officially saying that these refugees eventually have to go back to their home countries , which means capital still leaves the system , except now it was lost at european counterfactual return-on-investment rates rather than middle-eastern ones . 
  [ studies have been done about integrating migrants ] ( https://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/sdn/2016/sdn1602.pdf ) ( p27 , 28 ) ( which is supposedly not the plan ) , and none of them show integrated migrants getting anywhere near the return on investment of spending more on the already present population , if the return on investment is ever even positive . 
  ( i have n't checked in detail , but this is what i got from it ) . 
  moreover , about 30-50 % of migrants left their fully intact homes in the hopes of economic prosperity , and gave around $ 5000 per person ( way above an average year 's wage in their home countries ) to illegal smugglers . 
  these smugglers * definitely * use that money to fund more organised crime in non-european mediterranean countries , and those migrants quit their lives as sort-of productive members of society in the hopes of getting to europe , destroying capital in their home country and by extension damaging the global economy and future trade opportunities with their home countries . 
  aid for proper refugees can be given in natura ( food , tents , doctors ) which is very hard for illegal organisations to profit off of or turn into weapons for isis . 
  unlike the hundreds of millions euros worth of weapons , military-grade vehicles , and un-earmarked cash european countries have given to the free syrian army , iraqi armed forces , libyan rebels , egyptian revolutionaries , etc. 
  over the past decade . 
  do n't forget the about hundreds of people that drown every month because this route continues being viable , either . 
  they literally do it for free . 
  is there a cause-and-effect relation between those two ? 
  the problem with dictatorships is how bad they are if the ruler is bad and how poor the selection method for rulers is , not how bad they are in every single case . 
  evidently , you can , and he managed to fulfill that promise well enough . 
  departing members are full members , afaik . 
  they still have all the same rights and privileges for the next two years , it 's just that many negotiations that occur now are about events more than two years in the future . 
  he 's a mascot . 
  it 's not supposed to be about giving a single unelected person significant power , it 's about having a fun and unifying personification of the country who transcends politics . 
  personally i think that if we turn the eu into a constitutional empire , it would be pretty rad . 
  they expect a lot of suffering to come from not going to war . 
  war is nasty , but peace can be terrible too . 
  robot tax does n't seem like the right way to do this , though , because it disincentivises progress . 
  robots doing work is n't the problem , the distribution of wealth that results from it is . 
  universal basic income , funded by an increase in taxes on the upper class and corporations regardless of the amount of automation they employ , gives people a lifestyle they deserve without disincentivising progress . 
  so they are taking jobs , they 're just taking the jobs of sweatshop workers from overseas for now . 
  if you do n't need to pay as many wages , you do n't need to sell as many products either in order to increase your wealth and power . 
  do n't be rude after we have the final results , either . 
  it 's still 1/3 of the electorate that prefers her over any other candidate . 
  the poor have lately felt let down by the left which seems to have focused more on social justice ( abortion , lgbt rights , gender quotas ) , fighting climate change , and courting islam , rather than visibly improving the livelihoods of the lower class ( at least as much as the livelihoods of the upper class improved ) like they often promised . 
  that 's kind of how words work . 
  besides , on the face of it , it 's a very judgment-free political term . 
  it 's a loose collection of right-wing alternatives to established right-wing options . 
  it 's about as villifying as `` pro-life '' . 
  if they think macron is a weaker opponent than a more moderate candidate , or because macron is their second choice and they think le pen is likely to get in anyway . 
  if the average voter stands in line for one hour , and there are about 35 million voters , then france is losing on the order of $ 350 million per election because of queueing . 
  that seems worth salvaging . 
  ( i 'm not an economist so i do n't know how to accurately calculate counterfactual value of free time , but i 'd guess it is n't too far from minimum wage on average ) . 
  two of the four must be able to have the same color as long as the countries are contiguous . 
  there is no single ` british ' accent . 
  you can travel 10km in britain and find people with a different accent . 
  many of those accents are dying out as people have started travelling more . 
  the closest to a ` british accent ' is received pronunciation , also known as the queen 's english . 
  it is defined and maintained by the bbc , commonly taught in uk as the ideal , and known to be associated with higher social status and earnings , incentivising people to study it . 
  so i do n't see it dying out unless the english government collapses . 
  usually it 's enough to do nothing and let a radical ideology hoist itself by its own petard . 
  nazism is about the only commonly recognised exception , though many would also add communism/marxism . 
  usually , requesting government interference in people 's personal beliefs is a sign of unhealthy authoritarianism and countries that have actively repressed ideologies have n't gone down good paths while doing so . 
  so people are cautious . 
  surely the free marketplace of ideas can take care of a 1400 year old desert religion ? 
  surely the splendor and charity of secular society can convince devoted theists , or at least persuade them into compliance as their children are convinced ? 
  according to the legend , aeneas is the great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-grandfather [ sic ] of romulus and remus , the legendary founders of rome .
