   i would advice looking at a map , a turkish fighter has no business in georgia like a russian plane has no business over the gibraltar strait ? 
  maybe they 're helping ukraine deal with their `` rebel '' problem . 
   and will be shot down way before it reaches the georgian-russian border . 
  which afaik is a violation of international law and a valid casus belli . 
   and nato would tell turkey to solve it diplomatically . 
  which would effectively dissolve nato as a member state is attacked in international or neutral territory without provocation , the member state chooses to invoke the treaty with this valid cause , and the alliance refuses to act on it . 
  ww1 occurred because of some damn fool thing in the balkans , plus a network of realpolitikal alliances not unlike what we have now . 
  i do n't propose the russians are coming to get us any more than the prussians were coming to get the english . 
  i 'm proposing that ww3 will start because of some damn fool thing in the middle east . 
  if russia does n't nuke the continent at that point , they would retroactively and in all similar cases be unwilling to defend their allies , which would make them unreliable and untrustworthy and weaken their global position tremendously . 
  a nuclear deterrent requires one to be willing to commit murder-suicide rather than letting one 's opponent have their way . 
  otherwise you may as well not have any nukes , because you 're certainly not going to use them . 
  okay . 
  then i do n't think there would be any major problems if you left . 
  still , though , global thermonuclear war also hurts those who are neutral . 
  while you would n't necessarily be getting nuked by russia , the air you breathe would still be poison , the sun would grow dim , the crops would fail , etc. 
  if that constitutes a threat , then russia is still a threat to you , in the sense that nuclear winter is more likely as the current regime exists . 
   world war 1 , another war we should n't have got involved in ... it led to the greatest humanitarian catastrophe in modern history . 
  britain knew peace and power in the 19th century because of the defensive pact with france . 
  either say they should not have entered those defensive pacts , with all consequences for the development of the world ( would evolution be discovered as quickly if rule of the high seas was still in dispute ? 
  ) , or accept great war as a consequence of great peace . 
   i advocate british withdrawal from nato . 
  hm ... that may actually not be a terrible idea . 
  you 've got nukes , you are n't bordering any enemies , and you 're already geopolitically irrelevant . 
  it would n't be national suicide like it would be for , say , estonia . 
  i ca n't imagine the rest of nato would take it very well , though , and if they decide to hit you with economic sanctions it would be quite bad for the british economy , with [ over half ] ( http://www.worldstopexports.com/united-kingdoms-top-import-partners/2451 ) of british imports affected . 
  say goodbye to being the financial centre of europe , and good luck trying to make a self-sufficient high-tech manufacturing industry after decades of outsourcing parts of the process to europe or the us , while competing on the developing half of the world market with nato countries and china which do n't have those limitations . 
  is there even an internet cable to britain which does n't pass through nato international waters ? 
  i do n't know how far nato would be willing to go . 
  britain would definitely set a bad precedent and threaten nato world dominance , and if they want to they can clearly punish britain into economic collapse , way more effectively than russia , but if you can get away without sanctions , it would n't be too terrible . 
  despite russia declaring war on austria-hungary for declaring war on serbia , germany was still bound to declare war on them , and the french and english were then bound to declare on germany . 
  similarly , the chinese would be bound to declare war on the usa for declaring war on north korea , and the rest of nato would be bound to declare war on china , and russia would then be bound to declare war on the rest of nato . 
   i do have a choice . 
  not relevant to whether or not britain is under threat from russia , you do n't . 
   [ country ] is a terrible ally , they fund terror across the world . 
  my country should not be in an alliance with them . 
  good joke . 
   if this did n't happen during the cold war it 's not happening . 
  survivorship bias . 
  possible worlds where it did happen do n't have ( nearly as many ) people able to observe that it did . 
  if nuclear war kills 99 % of all future observers , the threat of nuclear war is equally likely every year , and you are in a state of complete ignorance of when you live , nuclear war is 100 times more likely to happen in each future year than to have happened in each last year , from your perspective . 
  the chain i illustrated is real . 
  unless you believe north korea is less likely than soviet russia to attack a nato-aligned country , the threat of global thermonuclear war is greater now than it used to be . 
   so i should go to war for a country like turkey that causes chaos and terror and is just as dictatorial ? 
  you do n't have a choice . 
  russia , on the other hand , has to estimate whether every nuclear nato power is willing to have all their alliances be worth less than the paper they 're written on , or else strike first as soon as turkey invokes the treaty , to prevent getting bombed to oblivion while scarcely getting a shot off . 
  then the uk ( or probably just their boss , the us ) has to decide whether they are indeed going to try to stay neutral and show itself as a paper tiger . 
  you 're in nato . 
  there are enough defensive pacts for a ww1-type domino scenario to happen . 
  for example : north korea nukes japan ( they 're nuts ) . 
  japan invades north korea ( retaliation ) . 
  china declares war on japan ( defensive pact ) . 
  usa declares war on china ( defensive pact ) . 
  russia declares war on usa ( treaty of friendship ) . 
  britain declares war on russia ( nato ) . 
  russia nukes britain ( reduce military strength ) . 
  or a turkish fighter flies over the georgian-russian border . 
  russia recognises different borders than nato and shoots down the plane for violating their airspace , and turkey invokes nato because according to them the claim is invalid . 
  how are they supposed to know you 're a fisherman and not going to try something stupid ? 
  they 're soldiers , they do n't have the luxury of trusting civilians . 
  so perfect , you never need another solution ever again . 
  it 's easy to lose perspective where the news is concerned . 
  the world , even just a decent-sized city , is much larger than human imagination can fathom . 
  crime has consistently gone down over the past century , but if anything the news has given us access to more crimes to be appalled by . 
  if the news wanted to push the narrative of bicycle accidents , they could fill the complete news cycle with reports and analyses and in-depth interviews about the horrors of bicycling , and it would be very easy to believe bicycles to be more dangerous than cars , of which you receive ( nearly ) no bad news . 
  you would expect reports on bicycle accidents 24/7 , you could `` be willing to accept what you see '' , and you would be confirmed in that expectation , but that would n't change the rate . 
  for these incidents to matter , you have to know how they fit into the larger context . 
  whether they 're cherry-picked out of all the mosques in the country , or just a random 1 % , or a carefully selected 1 % , what that selection method is , etc. 
  for the record , i agree that the lack of integration of muslims in society is a big problem , and unstemmed immigration an even bigger one ( or at least a more acute one ) , but you ca n't show that with anecdotal evidence . 
  people who voluntarily moved somewhere , are ethnically and culturally homogeneous , have a relatively peaceful moral code and an equal sex ratio , probably can achieve a higher population density than people who do n't . 
  send a million islamists or refugees to saint helena and leave them to govern themselves , and in a year you 'll have room for another 900,000 . 
  as long as reason is a virtue greater than the holding of any belief or opinion , we can praise or shame or award one another into listening to reason . 
  and let 's not forget that reason works , so people and systems that care about the outcome are incentivise to keep reason as a virtue among people who want the same outcome . 
  i would also disagree with you on base values : they are n't base because they appeal to the person or because they 're well thought out , but because they 're markers of social alliances . 
  germany did n't give birth to a race of emotionally defective mutants around 1815 , it was just hip to be a nazi . 
  effective base values are abstract enough that reason can justify just about any sway of passion , from ` the mind is willing but the flesh is weak ' to ` torture to death anyone who does n't do this one specific thing ' . 
  the defense of their base values is always fierce , but the main reason is usually social alliances rather than an unnaturally strong emotional fit . 
  everything being forced into a left vs right narrative is also a product of representative democracy . 
  there are way more issues than there are parties , so it 's a matter of mathematical necessity that there are only a limited number of dimensions on which policy can be uniquely defined . 
  the importance of a coalition government , a first-past-the-post president , minimum percentage of votes for any representation , or a first-past-the-post district system , further reduce the number of free dimensions , or at least vastly restrict them . 
  national security , restriction of religions , distrust of immigrants and foreigners in general , have all been placed in the far right , conservative , ` reactionary ' corner for decades now , too unpopular and politically volatile to make for good centrist talking points or to split a party over . 
  i agree , but i would say it 's a shame they have to elect a party that is so extremist , on immigration and other matters , to get the debate we need . 
  hence ` extremism ' : any action short of full opposition is described as ignoring the problem and treated like a complete failure . 
  the argument is that tax rate inversely correlates with quality of life . 
   letting those immigrants flow freely is what is destroying schengen . 
  because then immigrants actually get to us and we have to put our money where our mouths are ? 
  ( where we = migrants ' target countries ) . 
  if she does n't show up for future referenda unless she is better informed , your argument is invalid . 
  if she trusts the subsection of the population that will attend future referenda more than she trusts her government , her decision makes sense . 
  calm down there , canute . 
  huh , [ you 're right ] ( http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/show.do ) ^ 1 . 
  presumably the dataset has been updated between the 12th of september and now . 
  the image uses data up to june 30th . 
  over 500,000 migrants have not been included in the data . 
  what happened to separation of powers ? 
  if the law is such that enforcing it creates trouble , it is up to the legislative branch to change the law , not up to the executive branch to decide not to enforce it . 
  unless you already have the policy that anyone who commits crimes while the jails are full wo n't be prosecuted , but somehow i do n't think that is the case for normal citizens . 
  and entering lorries is n't bad ? 
  it 's the drivers ' private property . 
  would you honestly be okay if people broke into your home and started sleeping on the couch , and if you called the police , that they would just throw them out onto the street to try again ?
