  though they could be better helped in mena than in germany . 
  with those 17 billion or 50 billion euros you could build luxury camps and proper schools there . 
  problem is that one has to expect that they will stay forever and cause all kinds of problems . 
  they 're already persecuting christians inside the asylum homes , every 2-3 weeks some asylum seeker kills some other asylum seeker , etc. 
  now this murder rate may seem normal for the usa , but in germany it 's absolutely not normal . 
  it 's now unsafe for women and girls to go out alone in certain areas etc. , and unlike in usa they ca n't buy guns to shoot them in the balls . 
  this is absolutely not acceptable . 
  nope . 
  1 ) germany does not have any use for people with little education who come from families alien to education , alien to reading books etc. 
  ( there 's a good reason why `` mein kampf '' is a best seller in arab countries - they simply do n't read books ) 2 ) up to 18.3 million jobs will be lost to industrie 4.0 within the next 2 decades https://www.ing-diba.de/ueber-uns/presse/pressemitteilungen/zunehmende-automatisierung-gefaehrdet-mehr-als-18-mio-arbeitsplaetze-in-deutschland/ even elderly care will be robotized within the next 30 years , thanks to japan . 
  you have to take into account that most of the backdoor migrants are below the age of 30 . 
  here 's the age distribution of the population in germany http://www.bpb.de/wissen/x39rh6,0,0,bev%f6lkerung_nach_altersgruppen_und_geschlecht.html by 2020 more than 10 % of the population between 10 and 30 will be backdoor migrants with high birthrates , mostly with little or no education . 
  if they want more money than the basic welfare , they will have to produce more children or become criminal , as germany has no use for them now , even less in the future . 
  it is obvious that this is a recipe for disaster . 
  for those who do n't get it , this : `` one must highly praise such a determination as civil courage , given that context . '' is calling for jihad . 
  then maybe they should give up endogamy . 
  though this would go against the rules of islam . 
  a marriage between a muslim woman and a non-muslim man is considered invalid , so any sexual intercourse between them would be considered zina . 
  this would lead to an increase of `` honor '' killings . 
  endogamous cultures will never feel a sense of belonging to a pluralistic society , where everyone is free to marry anyone . 
  because their worldview goes strictly against a fundamental principle of pluralistic societies . 
  this is not just a muslim issue , roma also practice endogamy . 
  they will also never be a part of a pluralistic society , unless they give up their endogamy . 
  and where these endogamous cultures build enclaves , most people will flee to other parts of the city . 
  it 's just to uncomfortable for them , as it feels like living in a foreign country where they would never want to live . 
  they will take their children off these schools too , where these endogamous and often tribalist societies have their enclaves . 
  it ca n't even be expected that their children understand your language properly , which causes a massive decline in education quality at school . 
  true . 
  modern nations need a sharp cut between politics and religion . 
  religion poisons everything . 
  i 'm not saying there 's a problem with the beliefs of 3 million people . 
  i 'm saying there 's a problem with t he idea complex which is called islam . 
  not every muslim believes in every idea in this idea complex . 
   ondoning the entire religion is when such a small minority is the actual problem . 
  the problem is much larger than the assholes who blow themselves up . 
  they are just the tip of the iceberg . 
  like 30 % of muslims in france are basically salafis . 
  it 's these anti-western anti-civilization fundamentalist milieus in which the ideas/ideologies thrive which make muslims go to jihad . 
   it 's extremist groups that distort the islamic religion they do n't distort it . 
  they only take it literally . 
  islam is the the elefant in the room . 
  you do n't make problems go away by pretending they do n't exist . 
  if mentioning that there is a problem with islam makes muslims become radicalized , that again shows that there is a problem with islam . 
  the ideology poisons their minds , making them become radicalized . 
  other groups do n't become radicalized under the same circumstances . 
  and it is actually the business of the leaders of a country to prevent toxic developments in the country . 
  like a societal system spreading on its soil which is an antithesis to modern western civilization . 
  when muslims fully implement islam into their life and into the life of their families , then they live in such a societal system . 
  they do n't live in western civilization , but in enclaves in western countries , with a totally different system . 
  this system has an antagonistic relationship to the systems in western civilization . 
  politics must not watch while this system transforms growing parts of their countries into the backward shitholes islamic countries are . 
  the wellbeing of future generations trumps living in a totalitarian environment just because some invisible wizard in the sky demands it . 
  all other ethnic groups , except roma , integrated well . 
  they found their place in society . 
  it 's tribalistic and endogamic ethnic groups , who do n't find their place . 
  because on a fundamental level , they reject the normal way of life of someone living in western civilization . 
  endogamy will always lead to segregation on a fundamental level . 
  one can not become a part of a society when one mentally segregates from it . 
  there are many members of these ethnic groups who managed to integrate , which shows that it has nothing to do with the host society . 
  it 's simply that they left tribalism , endogamy , etc. 
  behind them , and wanted to adapt to the modern way of life in western civilization . 
  look at the amish ( descendants of german immigrants ) in the usa . 
  they refused to integrate for hundreds of years , no matter how the rest of society treated them . 
  they are strictly endogamous , thus they can never become a part of society , unless they give up their ways . 
  this is the same principle we are dealing with here . 
  indeed , you there are already reports of 50 arabs entering a german language class , and after a few weeks only 2 of them still attend . 
  so they will instead integrate into the arab parallel societies , where everyone knows arabic . 
  they wo n't speak the language properly and will never get a good job . 
  they will be dependent on welfare for their whole stay in germany . 
  and they are here to stay . 
  if someone wants to stay , they will find a way to stay until their death , because the system in germany is permissive . 
   is by trying to integrate that community and make it fell a part of the whole society . 
  it is unlikely that a majority of them wants to integrate into a western society with its liberal values . 
  islam strictly forbids the normal social activities people in western civilization take part in . 
  it 's not germans who forces that many turks to have ethnically homogenous social circles . 
  it 's turks who choose it . 
  their parents at least want to keep their daughters away from the `` immoral '' westerners . 
  that imprint is stored in the brains of the the sons too . 
  it wo n't be different for arabs . 
  it is predictable that arab parallel societies , which segregate themselves from western civilization , will grow . 
  no matter how welcoming germans are . 
  though understandably most germans wo n't trust people who put their women into hijabs to visually segregate from unbelievers , think women are second class citizens , forbid their daugthers to hang out with unbelievers , do n't drink a beer every now and then , and hate dogs . 
  so they would n't want to have them in their social circle anyway . 
  most of them will become integrated into parallel societies with little connections to the rest of society . 
  they will have ethnically homogenous circles of friends etc. 
  as usual when many people from islamic cultures concentrate in a place . 
  often such people will see germany as a prey society . 
  racism against non-muslims skyrockets at schools where muslims are the majority . 
  these are phenomena which have been known for many years already . 
  though it 's taboo to mention it , because the knowledge that there is a huge problem with racism in muslim parallel societies could increase racism against muslims . 
  and help the `` wrong '' political parties . 
  so most citizens are n't even aware these problems exist , because they are deliberately kept in the dark . 
  there are like 8 million people in germany aged between 15 and 25 . 
  most backdoor migrants are in that age range . 
  so like 10 % of the people in that age range in germany are arab backdoor migrants . 
  police gets more and more problems in many cities . 
  when they come to certain places , mobs of dozens of muslims will form and harass them . 
  usually these are large family clans ( a result of cousin marriage ) . 
  politicians do n't do anything about it . 
  i do n't think many politicians understand what 's going on outside their tiny reality bubble .
