  corporativism is not necessarily a part of fascism . 
   that there is some kind of ideological connection to islam i did n't say there is an ideological connection ( though there was a connection between nazis and islamists ) . 
  i 'm saying that the ideologies are alike . 
  the similarities are so pronounced that it 's basically fascism . 
   try theocratic , monarchical , oligarchal , tribal , despotic or just crazy . 
   but fascist , it is not . 
  it 's not simply fascism , it is islamic fascism aka islamofascism . 
  it 's the fascist threat of the 21st century . 
  he 's a political scientist who studied politics in germany . 
  it is safe to say that the writer has more clue about what fascism and national socialism are than you . 
  he is also the son of a sunni imam and was a member of the muslim brotherhood . 
  so obviously he knows more about islam than you . 
  fascism and islamism ( the political part of islam ) are : * anti-liberal * anti-west * totalitarian * militaristic * supporting political violence against political opponents/dissenters and that 's not all of the common features . 
  it is therefor justified to call a spade a spade . 
  the main common feature between national socialism and islam is that both were founded by genocidal warlords who created a `` it 's only self-defense '' myth to excuse aggression and gain power . 
  good book . 
  read it . 
  do n't know . 
  but hitler ate kn\u00e4ckebrot for breakfast . 
  they could be bribed to give up citizenship and move to another country though . 
  particularly young people would rather take 5000 $ in cash than getting nothing while staying in the country . 
  once that does n't work anymore the bribe could be raised to 10000 $ . 
  this guy fled from the gdr to the frg in 1958 , because of restriction of freedom of speech . 
  he also planned to assassinate walter ulbricht , one of the most important figures in the gdr . 
  pretty much everyone above 30 grew up with his tv comedy . 
  obviously he feels provoked by some dictator trying to mess around with comedians in germany . 
  knowledge-based societies did n't exist for the past several hundreds of years in the middle east . 
  because of their regressive failed cultures they 're belief-based societies who ca n't innovate or produce anything of value to humanity . 
  excluding israel of course , which is a knowledge-based society with lots of innovation . 
  http://www.patheos.com/blogs/epiphenom/2016/01/how-religious-schools-lead-to-the-decline-of-arabic-science.html  so this is a simple case of power and control . 
  once the sunnis became dominant , they clamped down on any potential challenges to their authority . 
  and that included rational inquiry -- dealing a fatal blow to the region and causing lasting damage that persists to this day . 
  laws and regulations are not the value system however . 
  they were born out of the value system , which was already a part of culture . 
  real integration obviously means common values , and particularly that you do n't reject the liberal values and laws of the country , and grant the same freedoms to your children which other children have . 
  so they can become normal citizens which make the same social experiences as everyone else . 
  but this is not the type of integration politicians talk about . 
  they only care about taxes . 
  if you pay taxes you 're integrated . 
  you can hate german culture and freedom and they still consider you integrated . 
   have you ever met a muslim in your life ? 
  yes , i 've had lots of contact with liberal non-religious muslims at school and in private . 
  some of the most interesting experiences with psychedelic drugs i had with someone with turkish background . 
  i also have regular contact with ex-muslims on social networks . 
  one of them ( in germany ) just bought sahih bukhari in turkish . 
  it 's quite interesting . 
  now i know that there are no translation errors . 
  it 's the same shit as in english . 
  another one with turkish background has been warning about islam for like 40 years ( and even more so today ) . 
  i 've also had contact with people from many other cultures throughout my life . 
  for instance my first girlfriend as a small kid was a black african . 
  before the age of 12 i already visited most continents and corners of the world , and i was always open to people from other cultures and interested in learning about the cultures . 
   nazism is not a religion , comparing islam to nazism is idiotic . 
  as islam is a faith . 
  islam is an ideology with a god . 
  the goal of it is to control all aspects of life in a totalitarian way . 
  allah is a god of war and conquest . 
  it 's basically as if hitler created an religion or added some magic invisible sky wizard mumbo jumbo to nazism . 
   anyway it is great to know that germany still has people like you in it that judges people by their religion before meeting them is great . 
  i judge the religion , the idea complex , not muslims in general . 
  why are people always confusing islam with muslims ? 
  seems this is either stupidity or there 's some perfidious purpose behind it . 
  there are muslims who do n't indoctrinate their children with atrocious bullshit and make them unable to integrate . 
  i do n't see any problem with them . 
  mass migration of muslims into europe is a huge problem however . 
  because obviously you import all the problems which are caused by the idea complex called islam , and the failed cultures connected to it . 
  and it is absolutely clear that the problems get worse the more muslims live in one place . 
  they basically become enclaves with closed societies and totally different rules , values , and ways of life . 
  failed integration is a normality and assimilation an absolute rarity , even in the 3 . and 4 . generation . 
  merely having an open society as the host country wo n't change that . 
  for the question of migration it is irrelevant that there are liberal muslims who are compatible with life in europe , as long as there are no brain scanners which enables you to weed out those who are incompatible with life in europe , which is a massive amount . 
  like 36 % of muslims think that those who leave islam should receive death penalty . 
  they believe it 's moral to do this . 
  and that is only the tip of the iceberg of a cultural incompatibility of epic proportions . 
  it 's like a part of them lives 1000-2000 years in the past , and they totally refuse to try to enter the future . 
  such people do absolutely not fit into an european country . 
  and this mental sickness is caused by islam . 
  basically every country islam touches will become a collective failure . 
  it will be backward , there wo n't be any innovation , massive intolerance and hostility towards outgroups , etc. 
  even turkey is now becoming more and more a backward shithole full of religiots , despite having had a cultural revolution 100 years ago which pushed back islam . 
  they voted an islamic fascist into power several times . 
  the poison islamic fascism spreads in turkey will have long lasting consequences , and there is no revolution in sight . 
   if they follow all our laws in our country who the fuck cares what they believe . 
  if they despise the freedoms my ancestors died for they ought to get the fuck out of my country . 
  their pathetic failed culture is not appreciated here . 
  how about #nazisarenotterrorists ? 
  everyone who is a terrorist or violent is automatically not a nazi anymore . 
  maybe i can start such a campaign on twitter . 
   how much do you know about islam really ? 
  a lot . 
  islam is one of my hobbies . 
  i particularly like quran and sahih bukhari . 
  they 'd be hilarious if they did n't have such toxic effects on humanity . 
  amazing that there are actually humans who believe in this shit . 
   robably never paid attention in religion class you do n't learn about islam in religious class , stupid . 
  you do your own research . 
  there they only tell you what they want islam to be , not what it really is . 
   then downvoting people that disagree . 
  i only downvote on / r/de because the fascist mods banned me . 
   calling people primitive humans is extremely disrespectful those motherfuckers were like `` hurr durr my god wants you to kill homosexuals !! 111 '' .
