  you want me to respect them ? 
  are you dumb ? 
  abrahamic religions are primitive and atrocious bullshit . 
  islam in particular , it 's the worst religion which exists . 
  islam is basically a crime against humanity , and it was created by a barbaric immoral desert dweller , who was basically a 7th century hitler . 
  people who indoctrinate their children with this crap should be punished , because it 's child abuse . 
  how about you respect hitler because he created nazism ? 
  creating some random ideology makes him worthy of respect ? 
  nazism was not the problem in ww2 , neither was germany . 
  all the other countries were the problem . 
  germany only defended itself against poland . 
  nazism is an ideology of peace . 
  how does that sound ? 
   to blame islam for is is naive except that is is behaving like muhammad and his soldiers . 
  if muhammad would live today he 'd be the leader of is . 
   that we should not act the way that are religion or values teach us ? 
  you should never act in a way because some religion which was created by primitive humans thousands of years ago tells you to . 
  do non-muslim belgians hold a minute silince attacks targeting muslims who are n't muslim enough/aren ' t real muslims ? 
  ftfy, 
  erdogollum is bros with the muslim brotherhood . 
  same shit , different assholes . 
  though they 're more stealthy than the wahhabis . 
  but in the end you will get something like hamas , whose ideology is n't very different from isis . 
  in germany pretty much all of the jihadis are salafis . 
  the spreading of the salafi ideology in germany is clearly funded by saudis . 
  not a surprise , as the main purpose of abrahamic religions is to control female sexuality by threats of torture in the afterlife . 
  this has no place in a modern society , where women themselves decide over their life . 
  now i 'm not a fan of multiculturalism , as it does n't encourage assimiliation into the culture which made germany the successful and advanced country it is . 
  but it is clear that this would n't happen if a million japanese came to germany . 
  it 's people from cultures where parents are too dumb or brainwashed to raise their kids properly and teach them that women without veils are whores . 
  call to prayer is psychoterror https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ab5mokfki8c imagine you bought a house somewhere , and suddenly they build a mosque with screamer nearby . 
  circumcision of kids without medical indication was illegal for a while in germany because it harms the body . 
  then judaism and islam got an exemption to mutilate children . 
  tribalism is much more the cause for constant conflict in middle east than anything else . 
  for instance in parts of me the sunnites have been oppressing shia for 1300 years ( with a short timeframe where it was the other way around ) . 
  one main factor in this tribalism is the marriage practices . 
  the bint \u02bfamm ( the daughter of the father 's brother ) is the most prefered marriage partner in arab culture , and marriage outside the own group can result in harsh responses ( up to `` honor killing '' ) . 
  this is partly brutally enforced endogamy , where you'e supposed to only marry within your group , preferably your cousin . 
  a marriage out of love is very rare in these cultures . 
  so basically you have different clans and family lineages which are all related to another . 
  and they strive to gain advantage over other groups . 
  this goes through all levels of society from family to clan to denomination/sect . 
  obviously these ancient tribal conflicts can be exploited by the west . 
  but the west did not put it there . 
  they 've been like that all along . 
  in times of peace the conflict gets kept alive by deep rejection of the outgroups . 
  even a criminal of your ingroup is better than a good person in the outgroup . 
  the criminal in the ingroup can be married , the good person in the outgroup ca n't . 
  europeans are past this stage of sociocultural evolution for like 1200 years , when the church banned cousin marriage . 
  before that we were tribalist fucktards , just like many people in middle east . 
  without this ban , we would probably have similar conflicts and similar types of corruption in europe as middle east has today . 
  obviously this will become an issue in europe too . 
  the more people from arab cultures move to europe , the more this will become an issue . 
  the `` hurr durr k\u00fcrt '' thing among turks has the same roots - kurds wo n't marry turks , turks wo n't marry kurds . 
  i observed this in school 20 years ago . 
  today there are violent clashes in germany between sunni turks and kurds . 
  and the `` hurr durr shia '' thing is also becoming an issue nowadays . 
  this is the result of importing the primitive middle east tribalism . 
  obviously native europeans are now a part of this tribal conflict too . 
  they are already the prefered targets for the criminals of people with middle eastern culture . 
  they are the outgroup which among to tribal rules has a social status below every member of the ingroup . 
  and lower social status means fair game to the criminals . 
  very much necessary , as all the assholes of mena have been invited to europe . 
  obviously they will keep their failed culture even in 2 . and 3 . generation , despite growing up in europe . 
  it 's multiculturalism . 
  yes . 
  if a country is successful , you wo n't make it more successful by transforming it into a multicultural state with cultures which have proven to not be successful . 
  instead you work towards assimilation into the culture ( particularly the value system and societal system , not food or something ) which made the country successful . 
  if you get a million of people with a culture which is alien to reading books , then you have to work towards the goal that reading books becomes normal among this people . 
  a culture which is alien to reading books ( not counting quran , which is n't a book but a crime against humanity ) can hardly ever be successful . 
  it 's not poverty . 
  these people never saw themselves as a part of european societies . 
  they grew up in strictly endogamous environment , where muslims are only allowed to marry other muslims , and where people resort to threats or worse if someone does n't obey the rule . 
  this endogamy has profound psychological effects , creating a wall between `` the righteous people who can be married '' and `` the dirty people who ca n't be married '' . 
  with a wall like this in your head you will always feel like an alien in a modern free society , and obviously you will reject the values and the people in the free society ( unless you make the decision to abandon the regressive culture and religion ) . 
  they may participate in some of the activities of the free society , but they basically grew up and live in a totally different world than non-muslims . 
  basically this endogamy is the muslim equivalent of the `` white power '' retards who 'd threaten their daughters if they were to marry a non-white . 
  except that western societies accept it , if muslims do it . 
  multiculturalism is the disease which led to ignorance about what parallel societies/enclaves lead to . 
  multiculturalism leads to increasingly disintegrated societies , if certain cultures are present , which compulsively segregate from others and reject their modern value systems . 
  radical islam is just one of the many symptoms of the disease . 
  in the long term growing areas of europe will be transformed into middle eastern shitholes . 
  every normal person will flee from there , while those who like medieval islamic culture will move there . 
  this is the work of the multiculturalism ideology . 
  a unified modern value system and societal system is the cure to multiculturalism . 
  obviously that value system would be the value system which made the country successful in the first place , not some regressive middle eastern bullshit which leads to collective failure . 
  who does n't like it needs to go . 
  them lobotomized people, 
  majority of germans are unaware that endogamic culture automatically leads to segregation instead of integration . 
  imagine you have a million germans moving to your country who think that your culture is immoral and who practice endogamy ( something like `` aryans must never marry non-aryans , otherwise the family should punish them to restore the family honor '' ) . 
  you think they will integrate because you smile or because you have strong beliefs that they can be integrated or something ? 
  in reality you will have enclaves of xenophobic germans who refuse to integrate/assimilate , even in 2 . and 3 . generation . 
  you are not good enough to marry them , so you are not good enough for anything . 
  obviously they will keep a distance to you , no matter how welcoming you are . 
  `` aryans '' will always be above anyone else , even the most criminal `` aryan '' is better than a non - `` aryan '' . 
  because the criminal `` aryan '' can be married , the non - `` aryan '' ca n't . 
  obviously this also means that if a non - `` aryan '' kills 10 `` aryans '' , this is much worse than an `` aryan '' killing 10.000 `` aryans '' . 
  see the conflict in palestine . 
  barely any muslim would protest it was n't jews killing muslims , but muslims killing muslims ( or muslims killing jews ) . 
  this is what you get with endogamy .
