  it has profound effects on the psyche of the members of the endogamic population . 
   by your logic , all warlords and leaders back then were hitlers . 
  these warlords did n't found a religion which includes a totalitarian sociopolitical system and are n't revered as perfect timeless role model however . 
  they can be criticized for their barbaric actions , etc. 
  muhammad must under no circumstances be criticized . 
  it 's one of the biggest crimes . 
  as muslim you must only give him positive attributes , never any negative attributes . 
  and children are indoctrinated to think like this from a very young age . 
  obviously usually they do n't get told the horrible things he did . 
  but then someone like a salafist may come around and tell them what muhammad did and that they should act like him . 
  obviously they ca n't then think `` muhammad did some bad stuff i would never do '' , but `` muhammad was right to do this under these circumstances . 
  if such circumstances were happening today , i would be right to do it too '', 
  do you blame nazism for the actions of a few nazis ? 
  most nazis were peaceful . 
  look what they 're doing to albania . 
  i think it 's erdogollum and saudi barbaria trying to fuck shit up . 
   i do n't see how muslims can avoid the same influence . 
  well , in germany they can . 
  most of them basically live in parallel societies , where they mostly/only have contact with other muslims . 
  2 . and 3 . generation is even worse than the first . 
  this is also promoted by their strict endogamy . 
  as children they learn that their sisters must never marry an unbeliever . 
  this strict rule is usually accompanied by threats etc. 
  imagine what effect it would have on your children if you told them that your daughter must never marry a muslim and that it would damage the honor of the family , which must be defended at all cost . 
  obviously this will lead to segregation , in some cases even hostility to the host society . 
  many women in germany have been murdered for this . 
  so most do n't even dare to think about it . 
  the more muslims are living in an area , the more social pressure will come from the ummah . 
  they get evil looks if they do n't fast or if they stop wearing their hijab etc. 
  and many will snitch on them to their parents . 
  even ex-muslim atheists wear hijab and fast , because they fear the consequences if other muslims know they 're now an atheist . 
  it 's a little like scientology , with brainwashing and harassment if you leave the cult . 
  if only few muslims live in an area , they may be able to adapt and assimilate . 
  but the more muslims live in a area , the less they will be able to integrate . 
  instead they will form enclaves with the same backward religious/tribal rules as in the countries they or their parents came from . 
  and these rules are above the law and constitution . 
  see this report what 's going on in germany right now : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvwaikoatwm&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=6m42s, 
   there is no law on the west that bans muslim women from touching a man . 
  religious/tribal law is above secular law . 
  you will find that interfaith marriage is very rare among muslims for this reason . 
  women risk serious consequences , if they do n't obey the religious/tribal law . 
  well , at least it was a bestseller in palestine . 
   i have not met anyone who shows any sign of having read it they may simply buy it to put it into the shelve , like quran . 
  someone who migrates to germany through the backdoor . 
  they could n't get a permission to migrate in a regular way , so they simply come to germany and ask for asylum . 
  http://www.amazon.de/gp/bestsellers/books/ref=zg_bs_books_home_all nope . 
  this is an economic analysis by a bank . 
  one can expect that they understand what they 're talking about . 
  muslim women are not allowed to touch men btw . 
  if their husbands allow them to work anyway . 
  the majority will have to stay at home anyway . 
  do you say we should introduce islamic gender segregation in elderly care in germany ? 
  i , for one , think that no one should be left over the border to germany , if they travel here on their own . 
  instead , germany should go to the camps in turkey/lebanon where they come from , and choose those who are particularly in need of help and bring them here , under the condition that they will go back when it 's possible . 
  which would be widows with children and minorities who are persecuted by radical sunni muslims . 
  like christians , yazidi , kurds , alawites , shia , etc. 
  right now it 's mostly sunni muslims who come to germany , who are strong enough and have enough money for the journey . 
  it 's basically social darwinism . 
  the strong and privileged ones get help . 
  the rest is still in the camps in turkey and me . 
  sunni muslims do n't want to adopt to any other way of life than sunni way of life though . 
  in the absolute majority of cases they reject liberal modern culture and western lifestyles . 
  they even reject shia lifestyles despite being very similar to them . 
  though shia often seem to be able to adapt to life in a western country , unlike sunni . 
  if you ask them if their daughters can freely choose their partner and marry a non-muslim , they will look at you like a stormfronter you asked if his daughter can marry an afroamerican , as they are strictly endogamous . 
  not exactly the best mentality to adapt to life in a modern country . 
  on the bright side , the `` white genocide they want to muddy muh race '' folks will be happy . 
  because there will be barely any marriages between muslims and non-muslims . 
  in this regard the white genocide ideology and islam are very alike . 
  we already know that islam comes with a strictly enforced endogamous collectivist culture causing ingroup/outgroup mentality and thus self-segregation from the liberal individualist culture of the host country , in many cases even hostility . 
  we also know that it gets even worse in the 2 . and 3 . generation in a huge amount of cases . 
  so germany already has a growing bicultural society , whose populations evolve in an asynchronous way into different directions . 
  and now even more people get poured into the antiliberal collectivist parallel societies . 
  this will cause a huge pile of problems in the future . 
  basically germany is importing the middle east and it 's sectarian problems . 
  it 's not a coincidence that you have shia living in one place , sunni in another place , kurds over here , christians over there . 
  it 's some kind of ancient tribalism . 
  and it 's one of the factors leading to the middle east being a huge shithole . 
  they will absolutely not get rid of this culture when they stay here . 
  the endogamy is one of the main factors leading to this sectarian/tribalist culture . 
  and they will not give up endogamy because you shout `` racist ! '', 
  at them or something ( because their endogamy is like the prohibition we had in the third reich , where `` aryans '' were n't allowed to marry jews , it could be considered racist ) . 
  germany has no use for uneducated people who come from families who are alien to education/books . 
  it will offset the pensioner age by 5-10 years instead , because it costs so much money . 
  germany is importing a new underprivileged lower class which is absolutely useless . 
  though rich people will be happy because many of them will get richer now . 
  those who run the pharma industry . 
  because those who pay for health insurance will pay for the new teeth of the asylum seekers . 
  state will pay for their consumer goods bought from rich people , places rented from those who own real estate , etc. 
  sooner or later the taxpayers will have to pay for it . 
  those who are poor already pay for it in a way , because they ca n't find appartments to rent , the `` cheap food for the poor '' places are overrun by asylum seekers , alcoholics and homeless get thrown out of the places which cared for them to make room for asylum seekers , etc. 
  though i 'm sure the carebears are also happy that there are now so many people they can care and bawwww about for the rest of their lifes . 
  `` check yo privilege ! '', 
  then they can feel important . 
  many new jobs have been created in the carebear industry . 
  of course they only care for non-citizens . 
  because check yo privilege . 
  who cares about old white scum living on the street . 
  they 're already rich . 
  if there is a guarantee that they will all go back and do n't convert areas into no-go zones while they 're here , sure , why not .
