   as for why god would prescribe this , i told you already , did n't i ? 
  yes , you answered it . 
  and obviously that `` god '' is a fake , as a real hyperintelligent entity which can create a universe would not prescribe such ridiculous bullshit . 
  this makes it ridiculous to believe in it , which is why it should be ridiculed . 
   we are the ones who have to pay for both crimes against humanity ( ourselves ) and god himself no one has to pay anything to god . 
  all is working on the laws of cause and effect . 
  there is no judgement day when you die . 
  the divine is not a judge , because it is not a person . 
  judgement day is every day . 
  you create a cause , there will be an effect . 
   funny how anti-theists i 'm not an anti-theist . 
  i 'm anti-religion . 
  my belief system/philosophy is close to pantheism or pandeism . 
  similar to those of einstein , spinoza , giordano bruno , chryssipus of soli , etc. 
  the ethical implications of this are that every atom , every lifeform , is a piece of the divine . 
  if you cut off a piece of the penis of a child , you are damaging a part of the divine for stupid reasons . 
  you are basically a criminal against the divine . 
  the divine evolved into being individuals who have foreskin . 
  and you damage what it evolved into . 
  you 're playing god by saying `` hurr durr my god wants this and that '' , at the same time you act against the divine and create problems for its sexuality . 
   great , so you have n't spent even a second on christianity and instead rely on a strawman version of it for criticism . 
  what ? 
  the jewish god is almost the same as the god of christianity , the god i grew up with . 
  they 're both atrocious psychopaths and invisible sky wizards . 
  if i diss the jewish god , i 'm dissing the christian god as well . 
  except that the christian god lacks the hunger for foreskins . 
  the world would be much better without this pseudo-god dickhead . 
  in reality this pseudo-god is a super-ego which has been indoctrinated into layers of the psyche of people . 
  this super-ego has the characteristics of bronze age people . 
  the super-ego is the ultimate moral instance in the human psyche . 
  what do you get when you install the super-ego of bronze age people into modern people ? 
  you get backwardness , intolerance , sexism , atrocity . 
  the primitive morals of bronze age people live on in modern people . 
  we could be far beyond this primitive level of morality , which is really absolutely immoral compared with todays standards . 
  yes , the world would be a much better place without this immoral super-ego . 
  though in one thing i 'm very christian . 
  like jesus i oppose the religious stupidity of the traditionalists , with their ridiculous beliefs and pharisean hypocrisy ( `` oooooh loook at me how religious i am !, 
  my beliefs are sooooooooooooo strong !, 
  and you will all burn in hell for not being as hypocritical as i am '' ) . 
  that explanation does n't make it better . 
  it 's still ridiculous and should be ridiculed . 
  believing that some hyper-intelligent entity would see it as a pact if you cut off parts of the penis of children ? 
  how extremely deluded must one be ? 
  why would a hyper-intelligent entity support harming your children ? 
  an entity which supports harm against children that way would be neither hyper-intelligent nor worth of any respect . 
  it should be sued for crimes against humanity instead . 
  it should be ridiculed , particularly because it is a crime against children which needs to stop . 
  respecting this atrocity only makes things worse . 
  and no , i do n't believe in yhwh , which is basically the cruel , primitive and sexist mega ego of some cruel , primitive and sexist bronze age people . 
  i 'm a pantheist , sort of like einstein was , thus i reject the notion that there is a personal god which would get involved in human matters and created humans with magic tricks . 
  fun fact : in the usa baby foreskins are sold off to cosmetic companies which create anti-wrinkle creme from it . 
  there is a hyper-intelligent and all-knowing entity which created the universe . 
  you can get closer to it by cutting off a piece of the penis of your children . 
  sanity is `` anti-semitic '' . 
  mindfully painting colors on a canvas in an intelligent way will create a piece of fine art . 
  randomly spitting color on it does what ? 
  waste of canvas and color . 
  it 's the result of a study https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.welt.de%2fpolitik%2fdeutschland%2farticle156269271%2fislam-gebote-stehen-ueber-dem-gesetz-findet-fast-die-haelfte.html&amp;edit-text=, 
  like half of the turks in germany put religious law above the secular law . 
  yes , we do n't want such people in the eu . 
  no non-muslim country wants them . 
  if you put the secular law and its freedoms above invisible skywizards , you are welcome . 
  maybe in 3-4 generations the absolute majority of turks will put secular law above skywizards . 
  then we can think about turkey becoming a part of eu . 
  you ca n't trust a country whose politicians are too dumb to learn from their mistakes of the past . 
  they are condemned to stagnate in their development and cause all kinds of problems , incluing the repetition of horrible mistakes . 
  there was an interest to make love parade look bad . 
  by extensively reporting about the trash and how people urinated in the parks . 
  when i went to the love parade in 1996 there were like 750k people . 
  i bet at least half of them was on illegal drugs . 
  many of the women were half naked . 
  i do n't think there was any significant groping , and certainly no mass sexual assaults . 
  i doubt an event like the love parade would be possible today , 20 years later , without people from sexually repressed cultures causing massive trouble . 
  good idea . 
  more important would be iq tests for politicians , to find out where there 's talent . 
  and ban anyone with iq below 115 to become politician . 
  for a better world and a better future . 
  it 's not me who lacks basic understanding . 
  it is you who lacks basic understanding of written texts . 
  and i 'm not here to teach you how to understand written text . 
  one part where allah shows his hate against christians is sura 9 aya 30 . 
   the jews say , `` ezra is the son of allah '' ; and the christians say , `` the messiah is the son of allah . '', 
  that is their statement from their mouths ; they imitate the saying of those who disbelieved [ before them ] . 
  may allah destroy them ; how are they deluded ? 
  if i say `` my god is the abrahamic god , and he hates jews , christians and muslims '' , is it the same god ? 
  no he is n't . 
  the islamic god hates christians because they believe jesus is the son of god . 
  the christian god does n't hate christians because they believe jesus is the son of god . 
  so very obviously these are two different gods . 
  neither the christian nor the jewish god demand money either . 
  the islamic god demands 20 % money from war booty in sura 8 aya 41 . 
   either you are trolling or you have absolutely no idea what you are talking about . 
  i i have read quran . 
  there is a lot more information about jesus in the bible . 
  and the information is different . 
  for example jesus basically says that those who pray in public are retards ( matthew 6:5 ) . 
  muslims constantly pray in public . 
  so muslims do n't mind that jesus thinks they 're retards if they pray in public ? 
  or the quran simply lacks information about jesus ? 
  compare the informations about jesus in the bible and quran .
