  exactly . 
  religion is a curse on humanity . 
  particularly islam . 
  actually germany failed hard . 
  more than 50 % of muslims put religious law over the law of the country . 
  an extremely huge amount of turks in germany thinks erdogan is their president . 
  they go on the streets and protest because they want death penalty etc. 
  the more muslims live here , the more muslims will only have muslim friends . 
  like 50 % of muslims prefer to only have contact with muslims . 
  this means in the future integration will fail even more . 
  when you have only few muslims in your country , it may be possible to integrate most of them . 
  but the more muslims live in your country , the more often integration will fail . 
  then more and more of them reject western lifestyles and basically western civilization . 
  they re-islamize eachother , start to bully muslims who are n't islamic enough etc. 
  for instance nowadays alevi get bullied by sunni when they do n't fast during ramadan , and because they do n't wear headscarf . 
  there are watchdogs on every corner in some places , harassing muslim women if they show skin , or they go to their parents and snitch . 
  this will get worse and worse in the future . 
  islamic cultures are very oppressive . 
  and the more muslims live in a place , the worse the oppression will become . 
  this is the opposite of integration into a free modern western society . 
  segregation is the default mode of islamic cultures . 
  look into middle east , look into turkey etc. 
  various ethnicities have been living together there for hundreds if not thousands of years . 
  yet today you have places where mostly kurds or alevi live , where mostly christians live , etc. 
  the people there want segregation . 
  they do n't want to live in a diverse heterogenic environment . 
  to prevent segregation in europe , you have to force them in an autoritarian way . 
  segregation is a logical result of endogamy . 
  muslims want their daughters to stay away from non-muslims ( and often from muslims of other ethnicities ) , and their kids to stay away from non-muslim cultural activities . 
  this is a lot easier when all your neighbours are muslims . 
  endogamy is basically the most fundamental way of segregation . 
  it 's like `` white people must not marry black people '' . 
  with this type of thinking , affecting some of the most primitive parts of the brain ( regarding territoriality and sexuality ) , physical segregation is a logical result . 
  not all cultures are compatible with the `` yay diversity yay multiculturalism '' dogmas of modern western governments . 
  islamic cultures are the most incompatible cultures . 
  it 's a sunni mosque , run by turkish state and named after the brutal conqueror of constantinople ( which has obviously nothing to do with islam ) . 
  right-wing extremist attack is very likely , as they also attacked a place where the hated president will speak in a week . 
  that or false flag one day before the `` islamkonferenz '' . 
  saudi barbaria is the enemy of western civilization . 
  they 're basically the same as isis . 
  they should be sanctioned , not protected . 
  they also counted 7 murders . 
  but no media reported about them . 
  this may mean that they count asylum seeker on asylum seeker crimes as xenophobic hate crime . 
  in the past year over 20 asylum seekers got murdered by asylum seekers , but there were barely any reports about it . 
  if a german murdered an asylum seeker , it would get reported in every media for days . 
  the system rewards unemployed and uneducated families for having as many children as possible . 
  thus more children get born into families which receive welfare . 
  without proper intellectual stimulation in childhood , without parents who value education , they will end up the same as their parents . 
  then they will start families on welfare , who have lots of children who need welfare . 
  it 's sort of like eugenics . 
  the system is creating more and more children on welfare , while middle class does n't have enough time and money to have more than one child . 
  in the 70s their work was worth a lot more than today , so today both parents have to work all the time . 
  having children means a significant loss of life quality to them . 
  for unemployed families it means a significant addition to the `` income '' they already have , so for them it 's very profitable to have children . 
  simply put , the system favors unemployed and uneducated people having children . 
  so this is what happens . 
  the uneducated lower class will slowly outbreed the middle class and the small upper class , creating more and more children living on welfare every year . 
  burqa is a symptom of the same illness which also causes fgm and honor killings . 
  of course we can tell others what is good and what is n't inside our countries . 
  it 's not shameful to tell them : `` when in rome , do as the romans do '' . 
  it 's absolutely necessary if `` rome '' is supposed to stay modern , progressive and successful , and not become a backward shithole like many islamic countries . 
  that 's because you ca n't fight intolerance ( `` i reject western civilization and i happily show it by wearing body sack '' ) with tolerance . 
  the most important achievement of enlightenment was showing religion its place . 
  in private and in the church . 
  so you suggest women go to the police when they 're forced to veil ? 
  even some ex-muslims wear hijab , even though they hate it . 
  because if they stopped wearing it they would be a traitor to their family and social circles . 
  plot twist : with `` burka '' they mean full body veiling . 
  in turkey the full body veiling with niqab is called `` burka '', 
  seems some propaganda channel is cheering for the attack . 
  or maybe the message is unrelated . 
  it 's not a theological debate . 
  it 's what those muslims , who put religion above rationality and reason ( like the majority of muslims ) , see as ultimate truth and necessity . 
  the rule of allah in the caliphate includes that jews live as dhimmis , lesser humans , under the rule of muslims . 
  there they must pay jizya , protection money , to humiliate them ( many conversions to islam throughout history happened to circumvent the jizya payments ) . 
  and in the end of days muslims are supposed to kill the jews , who will be hiding behind stones and trees , which will say `` oh muslim !, 
  there is a jew behind me , so come and kill him ! '' . 
  except some jewish tree , which will not say that . 
  those who do n't believe in the `` last day '' are not real muslims , because in quran a real muslim is one who believes in the `` last day '' . 
  you do n't need to use that many words to say `` i have no arguments '', 
  you mean as dhimmis who were always seen as lower than muslims and had to pay tons of protection money , so no `` accidents '' happen to them . 
  the plan of islam is to keep the jewish dhimmis oppressed until the `` last day '' . 
  on the last day all jews are supposed to be killed by muslims . 
  this is islamic eschatology . 
  the state of israel just shat a huge pile of poop over the plan of islam . 
  they did not declare independence . 
  they declared a state where there was none . 
  the only state where jews have the right to self-determination , one of the most important rights , if not the most important right , of peoples . 
  yet they still do n't have full access to the jewish sacred site ( temple mount ) . 
  because the descendants of the arab muslim occupiers , who built a mosque on it , deny them access . 
  it 's as if the descendants of the crusaders would still rule over part of jerusalem . 
  christians also built some shit on that site , to humiliate the indigenous jews . 
  everyone who says `` israel stole the land '' is indirectly a supporter of arab muslim rule over jews , supporting to make them dhimmis oppressed by muslims ( and making israel a backward shithole too ) . 
  you are of the worst of peoples . 
  they have been existing `` peacefully '' as long as muslims were able to oppress jews as dhimmis and rule over them . 
  once they could no longer oppress jews as dhimmis , arab muslims got angry , because they lost their `` honor '' . 
   circumcision does very little harm to children that 's a lie . 
  it is bodily harm and removes millions of nerve endings from the penis . 
  it causes problems with sex later in life .
