in germany the greens are ruling the federal state of baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ( 36 seats in the parliament ) together with the spd ( 35 seats in the parliament ) . 
  good good . 
  let them spend insane amounts of money on useless security measures . 
  well played , office for the protection of the constitution . 
  well played . 
  right . 
  thanks for spying on us for our own protection . 
  where would we be if the nsa did n't violate everyone 's human rights . 
  unimaginable !, 
  surely the world has become a better place thanks to the nsa spying on every person on this planet . 
  i 'm sure the people and companies of europe appreciate this generous help . 
  anyway , the english comment section on spiegel.de is seperate from the german comment section . 
  barely anyone reads the crap of the american agitprop posters . 
  the german section is full of people who are criticizing what the west is doing with syria , many of them suspecting that either rebels or secret services are behind the events in the last few days . 
  paid posters would probably get drowned in angry replies . 
  seems like a good idea . 
  but when germany pushes something you should always be wary . 
  the politicians are incredibly dumb , driven by ideology instead of independent thought and lack foresight . 
  european countries need to resist more against germany . 
  the islamists will learn . 
  particularly those with hidden ties to the muslim brotherhood . 
  within 1-2 decades they wo n't be as easily recognizable as today . 
  well , both the revolutionary guard and isis are a result of the islamic revival which has started in the 1970s in iran and saudi-arabia . 
  the jihadist groups which messed around back then and today are led by the ideas of sayyid qutb , a previously leading member of the muslim brotherhood . 
  yes , iran is shia , saudis are sunni , but they basically have the same ideological basis . 
  this islamic revival which is happening now is a periodic event in the islamic world which has been happening several times in the past 1000 years . 
  when it happened for the first time it ended the golden age `` of islam '' . 
  it acted as a counterforce to progress and created the madrassa system , which has been brainwashing children until today and is the reason why the islamic world never recovered from the end of the golden age . 
  now there may be various reasons triggering such an islamic revival , e.g. 
  colonization , but it was always political islam which is in the middle of it . 
  without political islam , pakistan could be like india today , egypt could be like taiwan ( was colonized by japan ) , etc. 
  now let 's say there would be this abc type of communism and this xyz type of communism . 
  both have its roots in the same writings . 
  and both cause failure of epic proportions in every country they touch . 
  then it 's not useless to call a spade a spade . 
  the failure is communism , communism is the failure . 
  political islam is basically the communism of the 21st century . 
  it will be a nuisance and cause of massive failure for many decades . 
  and just like communists , hundreds of millions of muslims are convinced that their system is the only right system and all other systems suck . 
  the more the fail the more they will be convinced that their system is the only right system and some outside forces are to be blamed for the massive failure caused by their own ideology . 
  or `` it has never been properly implemented . 
  if the country was 100 % islamic , then there would be much success , many progress '' . 
  just like communism . 
  please give me asylum switzerland . 
  i do n't want to live in this devoutly submissive islamophilic looney bin anymore . 
  then we should build a huge wall between switzerland and germany to make sure the disease is not spreading . 
   `` extremism '' does n't cover the vastly differing circumstances which lead to each of those situations . 
  true . 
  it 's not `` extremism '' , it 's political islam , the antagonist to modern political systems . 
  extremism is just a symptom of political islam . 
  the problem goes much deeper . 
   the anectodal approach is idiotical here , the women with headscarves are irrelevant . 
  if the proportion of hijabis among muslims is constantly rising , that is often a sign of growing fundamentalism . 
  fundamentalist environments/neighbourhoods are the fertile soil on which islamism/political islam grows . 
  at the same time political islam makes sure more and more muslims are wearing hijab . 
  political islam is basically `` terraforming '' its environment to make it more fertile for itself to grow . 
  now the women with hijab are really irrelevant , they are just brainwashed mindless drones , but they are a symptom of the aggressively metastasizing ideological disease . 
  like one old school feminist in germany , who was in iran during the revolution in the 70s , said : `` the hijab is the flag of islamism '' . 
  they are basically groomed to wear the flag of politial islam and endogamic segregation on their head . 
  in the 70s till the 90s in germany barely any young muslim woman in germany was wearing a hijab . 
  this has changed in the past 2 decades . 
  young generations of muslims in western europe are more fundamentalist than older generations . 
  these contra-societies , which reject western values , political systems and lifestyles , will most likely lead to persistant conflict in the future . 
  anyway , i agree that those who only look at bosnia and do n't see the big picture are total fools . 
  we have such idiots in germany too . 
  they only know what 's going on in germany and outright deny there is a worldwide islamic revival going on , with political islam , the antagonist of modern political systems and modern lifestyles , being the driving force behind it . 
  i do n't think there is any country with a significant number of muslims in it which has n't been infected with the ideological disease . 
  it 's not just conservative . 
  it 's also islamist . 
  islamism is an ideology which is becoming a more and more pervasive cancer in the islamic world and in countries with muslim enclaves . 
   there is a danger , he said , that the loudest voices win out , creating a them-and-us culture . 
  well said smarty . 
  next you may recognize that `` them-and-us culture '' is an inherent component of islam . 
  if smarty is really that smart . 
  the less islam is in a muslim , the more he will be able to integrate into a individualistic modern country . 
  the more islam is in a muslim , the more he will segregate . 
  in time mr. do-gooder talk boy may also understand that multiculturalism is not a solution to racism . 
  it is its cousin . 
  transculturalism is a solution to the ideological illness of multiculturalism . 
  a modern transcultural person will not see a clash of civilizations beteen muslims and the rest of the world . 
  they will see a clash between anti-liberal religion and liberal modernity , with religion attempting a hostile takeover by all means . 
  such a modern person has more in common with secular turks and ex-muslim arabs than with murrican amish . 
  they have common traits which can unite them . 
  until mr. smarty boys like obama recognize this historic clash of the dark age of mankind vs. liberal modernity , the threat will get bigger and bigger . 
  so fuck you trying to tell me about my europe , obama . 
  you understand nothing . 
  but hey , at least it sounds good right ? 
  may get you some sympathies . 
  dickwad . 
  because this future unstable conflictual shithole is a neighbour of europe and controls most of the mosques in germany , preaching against the west . 
   totalitarianism is a political system where the state recognizes no limits to its authority and strives to regulate every aspect of public and private life wherever feasible absolutely islam . 
   anti-west  islam ? 
  arguably , yes . 
  fascism ? 
  not even a little . 
  complete hogwash . 
  which fascist movement was pro-west and did n't oppose the western systems ? 
   i understand that you 're not a fan , but saying something does n't make it true . 
  adolf hitler = nazism muhammad = islamism these 2 persons have many common features being essential to their activities . 
   what 's the islamist or wahhabist relation to corporativism ?
