  at least link to the original article which has a picture : https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/speaking-of-science/wp/2015/10/23/a-hiker-stumbled-upon-a-millennium-old-viking-sword/, 
  the first origin story was more awesome . 
  so then , why are you afraid ? 
  i absolutely see no logical reasoning why you are afraid . 
  what 's your problem ? 
  after all they are just people too . 
  i dont remember sea lion . 
  whats your point ? 
  smoking in germany went down since they made laws that prohibit smoking in public places like restaurants , train stations etc. 
  some german guy on reddit accused me of being from stormfront . 
  i did n't even write anything remotely right-wing or racist . 
  at that time i did n't even know what stormfront is ( nor do i identify with these people ) . 
  people are weird . 
  370 billion euros in the next decade . 
  we already paid 150 billion euros in the last 15 years . 
  and looking at the neglected infrastructure we ought to pay more in the next decade . 
  also this :  according to the study , most of the direct cost of the energy transition are due to the eeg surcharge to subsidise green electricity production and the so-called cogeneration levy to subsidise combined electricity-heat ( chp ) producers . 
  the eeg surcharge by 2025 will be about 400 billion euros . 
  how the eeg works is that if you produce green energy you get extra moneys as a subsidy . 
  the transmission grid operators sell the green electricity at the electricity exchange . 
  since the prices achieved there are far below the fixed compensation rates , the difference is transferred to the other electricity consumers through the eeg surcharge . 
  so all in all ( almost ) everyone who consumes electricity in germany pays for the energiewende . 
  only a small fraction of the 520 billion euros is actually paid by the state of germany . 
  the glass is always half full . 
  beside that i saw a video some days ago about exactly that where someone researched all the courts of arbitration hearings that were done against the government of germany . 
  it resulted in germany winning anout 75 % of the cases . 
  do n't phones in russia use glonass ? 
  paris ' triumphal arch is larger than berlins . 
  :p ca n't even drive leopard 2 's through the brandenburger tor . 
  i was on a house party of a turkish guy . 
  but he had to cancel the party at 2am because his girlfriend wanted to sleep . 
  his friend puked on a girl at the end and he began playing his baglama for the remaining 6 or so people that were still left . 
  was a pretty cool party and something to remember . 
  we just do not need to be richer while sacrificing some of our rights for it . 
  despite we do n't have that many economic problems that we would have a need for it . 
  people from the internet . 
  if you read the article it says he got radicalized by an isis contact man through the internet . 
  that was a terror attack ? 
  if the german consumer watchdog says something you can be to 99 % certain that they have a case . 
  yeah but nowadays everyone wants to go to university . 
  it 's not save from long range naval attacks . 
  also , glorious marginot line near stra\u00dfburg towards east against a russian invasion . 
  but god help us if they come through switzerland or belgium . 
  they are basically just conservatives , there is n't much christian about them . 
  i think he got confused . 
  he means that a few streets in ankara look like mannheim . 
  antisemitism was frequent in europe since the middle ages . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antisemitism https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_antisemitism  during the mid-to-late 17th century the polish -- lithuanian commonwealth was devastated by several conflicts , in which the commonwealth lost over a third of its population ( over 3 million people ) , and jewish losses were counted in the hundreds of thousands . 
  the first of these conflicts was the khmelnytsky uprising , when bohdan khmelnytsky 's supporters massacred tens of thousands of jews in the eastern and southern areas he controlled ( today 's ukraine ) . 
  another :  between 1881 and 1920 , approximately 3 million ashkenazi jews from eastern europe immigrated to america , many of them fleeing pogroms and the difficult economic conditions which were widespread in much of eastern europe during this time . 
  pogroms in eastern europe , particularly russia , prompted waves of jewish immigrants after 1881 . 
  jews , along with many eastern and southern european immigrants , came to work the country 's growing mines and factories . 
  many americans distrusted these jewish immigrants . 
  and another :  the defeat of france in the franco-prussian war ( 1870 -- 1 ) was blamed by some on the jews . 
  jews were accused of weakening the national spirit through association with republicanism , capitalism and anti-clericalism , particularly by authoritarian , right wing , clerical and royalist groups . 
  these accusations were spread in antisemitic journals such as la libre parole , founded by edouard drumont and la croix , the organ of the catholic order of the assumptionists . 
  you can thank sweden for that . 
  i read it 's because they massively upped their funding etc. 
  ahead of the london olympics 2012 , and now it 's paying off . 
  well technically . 
  the temperature in rio stays + -3 \u00b0 c during one year in rio . 
  they are popular in the south of germany ( bavaria , baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ) . 
  well , considering we are number two in highest electricity prices in europe we ought to be efficient . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:electricity_and_gas_prices,_second_half_of_year,_2013%e2%80%9315_ ( eur_per_kwh ) _ yb16.png, 
  well , privacy laws are taken really seriously in germany , do n't fuck with them . 
  german newspapers obviously abide by german laws so they do not publish the full name . 
  that 's bvb , but whatever . 
  . privacy s ` user this protect to script source open an by overwritten been has comment this, 
  . privacy s & apos ; user this protect to script source open an by overwritten been has comment this, 
  . privacy s & apos ; user this protect to script source open an by overwritten been has comment this, 
  . privacy s & apos ; user this protect to script source open an by overwritten been has comment this, 
  . privacy s & apos ; user this protect to script source open an by overwritten been has comment this, 
  . privacy s & apos ; user this protect to script source open an by overwritten been has comment this, 
  . privacy s & apos ; user this protect to script source open an by overwritten been has comment this, 
  . privacy s & apos ; user this protect to script source open an by overwritten been has comment this, 
  . privacy s & apos ; user this protect to script source open an by overwritten been has comment this, 
  . privacy s & apos ; user this protect to script source open an by overwritten been has comment this, 
  . privacy s & apos ; user this protect to script source open an by overwritten been has comment this, 
  . privacy s & apos ; user this protect to script source open an by overwritten been has comment this, 
  . privacy s & apos ; user this protect to script source open an by overwritten been has comment this, 
  . privacy s & apos ; user this protect to script source open an by overwritten been has comment this, 
  . privacy s & apos ; user this protect to script source open an by overwritten been has comment this, 
  . privacy s & apos ; user this protect to script source open an by overwritten been has comment this, 
  . privacy s & apos ; user this protect to script source open an by overwritten been has comment this, 
  . privacy s & apos ; user this protect to script source open an by overwritten been has comment this, 
  . privacy s & apos ; user this protect to script source open an by overwritten been has comment this, 
  . privacy s & apos ; user this protect to script source open an by overwritten been has comment this, 
  . privacy s & apos ; user this protect to script source open an by overwritten been has comment this, 
  . privacy s & apos ; user this protect to script source open an by overwritten been has comment this, 
   pretty sure russia 's not the only state playing it dirty here . 
  and that makes it somehow ok ? 
  it was fair and just to ban russian athletes . 
  usa not number one ? 
  must be the faulty ranking . 
  what ? 
  i think you 're talking about dominique strauss-kahn . 
  the unsullied !, 
  well if the game is about the western front i doubt there would be many russians . 
  also called / r/the _ donald and / r/hillaryclinton, 
  i think you have a nice handwriting although it might not be that legible .
