  and how exactly did she save it then ? 
  i still dont get it , eli5 please . 
  ( not a literal 5 year old ), 
  that is such a horrible article . 
  there is not a single word in there explaining how she stopped it . 
  yeah sure , we are terrorists when we declare guidelines for lending money to that `` black hole '' formerly known as greece . 
  whether these guidelines are good or bad is to be questioned but you ca n't blame the other eu countries , the iwf and what not for not wanting to lend money to the same economic system which caused the economic crisis in the first place . 
  it wo n't help at all , it will just prolong a default or a grexit . 
  something has to change if you want it or not . 
  whats 's the context of the quote ? 
  everything involving serbs and other balkans will just end in a burning pile of shit . 
  like the most influential nations in the world ? 
  better to be responsible for creating a nuclear wasteland in the future . 
  of course my comment is exaggerated but as is yours . 
  i 'll follow the principle of utilitarism : `` the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few . '', 
  well if there is place where they can life they will move there but apart from that they have to wait until their asylum status is checked . 
  they have to apply for asylum and if it is granted they will get housing and shit and they will be allowed to work etc. 
  until that they have to live in these asylum seekers housing or temporary housing and are not allowed to work . 
  if the asylum is denied which will be the case if they 're for example economic refugees they will get deported back to their country . 
  there is no abuse here . 
  i am just asking why you 're implying that i 'm a white nationalist because i do n't see anything in my comment above that could relate to that . 
  i mean wtf ? 
  germany as a nation has a responsibility regarding their history towards jewish people ( not the state of israel ) but they do not have to feel guilt in that sense . 
  small video : https://www.facebook.com/wdrlokalzeitruhr/videos/798954473551896/, 
  some conspiracy theorists would tell you the same about now . 
  he 's probably talking about domestic spending . 
  it 's what the world is complaining about since a few years . 
  germany 's export/import rate is too high which would be solved by more domestic spending in other words more domestic demand ( how to achieve that is another question ) . 
  it 's not something you can easily change because you have so less power over it . 
  one way would be to give tax cuts , but nobody knows if it would bring the effect desired . 
  another one would be the german state investing in infrastructure projects in germany ( they are building a tunnel in the middle of my city for 90 million $ already ) . 
  fact is german people are no big spenders , we like to save money . 
  in the end it 's all economic talk & theory . 
  well , my post was more a joke on the worst possible outcome . 
  why did you delete your comment ? 
   poster : centuryoftlo  why ? 
  you scum are obviously too retarded to be able to govern yourselves without corruption and other disgusting shit , you need russian help . 
  enjoy russian life pal  is that supposed to be sarcasm or are you a russian shill ? 
  the anti-corruption bureau will get bribes from the people they are supposed to investigate for bribery to stop investigating them . 
  if your political system works as elsewhere they wo n't have much of a say with a combined 15 % of the seats . 
  the german saying is a little different . 
  from the darkness of servitude through bloody battles to the golden light of freedom . 
  imho it 's not the origin of the german flag , just a saying that goes nicely with the colors of the flag . 
  startup was n't a thing in germany until recently meaning < 5years . 
  berlin really is the only city which has a startup culture . 
  only on an emotional level because that 's what i grew up with , at least until i was 11 or so , that 's around the time the euro came . 
  i still remember the silver shiny 50 pfennig coin with which i went to the kiosk to buy some sweets . 
  https://www.bundesbank.de/redaktion/de/bilderstrecken/muenzen_brd.html?notfirst=true when i see these coins i am instantly reminded of my childhood . 
  why are you getting so defensive and abusive ? 
  fact is that these parties ( especially not npd and die linke ) are not collaborating ( afaik ) no matter how hard you bend it . 
  they might have similar views towards foreign affairs regarding russia but that does not make them a coalition . 
  creating that image and depicting them as a `` coalition '' is propaganda . 
  i am pretty appalled by the symbol in the middle . 
  it 's in german and it says `` eurasian unity party of germany '' ( google did n't give me anything on it ) . 
  the name is derived of the [ socialist unity party of germany ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialist_unity_party_of_germany ) from the gdr . 
  the symbol is also a derivative work of the seds symbol , the worst thing is that it shows the left hand as `` die linke '' and the right one as `` afd / npd '' , parties that do n't have anything to do which eachother and are actually on the other end of the political spectrum . 
  if you did n't notice in the middle is the russian flag . 
  the symbol is propaganda against left - and right-wing parties . 
  i would really question the source of ops picture though not the accuracy of the data depicted here ( because frankly there is not much you could fake here ) . 
  why would we hate belgium or luxembourg ? 
  territorial claims from 100 years ago , or even 50 years ago are totally irrelevant today . 
  also having any feelings about something that does n't personally affect me and happened 50 + years ago , in a time where i was n't even alive and even my parents where only children would be totally absurd . 
  the more i go into the depths of reddit the angrier i get . 
  not a problem to me to be honest , he 's not a content contributer but a moderator . 
  i am a student and i was sitting in the mensa a week ago or so . 
  there were some other students sitting next to me ( 2 gals , 2 guys ) in their early 20s . 
  they were complaining about mothers taking their children to the grocery store at 9pm and the children not being in bed at that time . 
  one of the guys said something along the lines of `` too stupid to abort their child '' . 
  before that they were talking something about asylum seekers and how they are going to get a future in germany ( acceptence of their degrees ) etc. 
  their comments regarding single mothers just made me so angry because they are so ignorant , i wish i had said something to them , but i just kept quiet . 
  this has hardly to do with better universities . 
  ( how do you even define better ) it 's as you said a matter of funding , students in the us pay hard sums to study which is invested into the university . 
  more money draws in more scientists who can work . 
  in the meanwhile you have a lot of immigrants , from the last 40 nobel prize winners in the usa 12 were born in a different country . 
  that 's no coincidence , the usa has been a very stable country since 140 years , has n't seen a war on it 's territory since then . 
  not to mention that the us is n't in the top ten when you go after the nobel prize winners per capita . 
  hail the franco-german republik . 
  it 's punk though . 
  nah , the thing with the bnd-nsa affair is that they store your data and search it for keywords . 
  they also do n't delete your data , which could make you susceptible to blackmail in the future . 
  i am concerned but to the average citizen i can understand that they are not . 
  you do n't feel it first hand that your privacy is invaded , you just hear it in the news . 
  there is a magnitude of difference if someone listens to you and your wife speaking and to record an online conversation on facebook . 
  the latter is just something which is n't tangible , it 's just data and for most citizens it just means `` meh '' . 
  i read [ this ] ( http://www.zeit.de/politik/deutschland/2015-05/nsa-bnd-selektoren-listen-koalition-streit-union-spd-gerhard-schroeder ) article where schr\u00f6der was `` interviewed '' about the nsa-bnd scandal . 
  he says that angela merkel likely was n't involved in the nsa-bnd matter as all intelligence affairs are only of concern for the chief of the chancellery and his undersecretary . 
  i think the most i would blame merkel for is not doing more for resolving the nsa-bnd scandal . 
  not saying anything and doing nothing at all is her specialty . 
   it 's like saying for example in the military tank personnel is not different from army grunts because they are both in the ground forces . 
  yes and no . 
  you have to be an officer to be allowed in the anti-riot police ( bereitschaftspolizei ) but not all police officers are in the riot police . 
  also the riot police has it 's own units with their own superiors . 
  it 's like saying for example in the military tank personnel is not different from army grunts because they are both in the ground forces . 
  you have to apply for the bereitschaftspolizei and they do their own psychological , physiological , etc. 
  tests . 
  also almost everywhere in germany there are a lot of novices in the riot police , the riot police is also not excluded from people like the sek ( which are just ( highly trained ) police officers as well ) and there are also the ones who do not do patrol service at all . 
  exactly , but do n't fuck with the riot police . 
  regular police is pretty nice , but i would n't exclude that generally police attracts a certain kind of people with questionable psychology but of course not all have . 
  ca n't find anything on spiegel like the article claims . 
  keep calm and carry on .
