  two countries ? 
  all i now is brexit . 
  and it 's not like italy spain or greece would have any functional economy right now if they were n't a part of the eu . 
  corruption is an ever present phenomenon in these countries , mixed with incompetence or unwillingness from their governements . 
  the eu simply forced these countries to see that this ca n't go on no longer , and yes eventually civilians pay the price far more than they should . 
  perhaps also take a look at this article regarding spain 's youth unemployment http://www.realinstitutoelcano.org/wps/portal/rielcano_en/contenido?wcm_global_context=/elcano/elcano_in/zonas_in/demography+population/commentary-gonzalezenriquez-youth-unemployment-spain, 
  a safe and relatively stable europe ? 
  focus on progression , cooperation , trade and culture ? 
  harmless as it gets , but provocative . 
  it 's still very provocative , even though it does n't not physically harm anyone . 
  why send that train at all ? 
  oh right, 
  who ? 
  probably not :p, 
  yeah ... i 'm not a left winger ... sooo ... 
  i learned it from a swede so take it with a grain of salt , but i told it to a finnish guy and he didnt notice anything sooo ... 
  i mean everything is always the fault of those guys . 
  like the 2-10 % tax multinationals pay, 
  perhaps reality should show you that you as the individual do n't know it always better than the dreaded journalists or pesky experts . 
  did i stumble into / r/futurology ? 
  most of those pictures have vibrance through the roof regardless, 
  you picked the worst example , ostenreich, 
  seems like germany and the netherlands are able to deal with it just fine , not to mention the rest of western europe, 
  it 's a necessity , sarcasm can be difficult even when looking at a person , not to mention simple written text . 
  it doesnt help when you ridicule yourself into an argument ... 
  its still in the eu ... 
  what do you think russia has to gain ? 
  this whole idea that either party does it out of the kindness of their heart is ridiculous . 
  propaganda left and right . 
  didnt read the article and makes claims about people who simply say it didnt happen the way you portrayed it . 
  typical, 
  in my part ` goeie rutsch ' is not uncommon, 
  always the whattaboutism . 
  i wouldnt say america is an overall opponent , militarily ( although in many ways not too ) and politically their vision and ours largely overlap . 
  economically we are valued partners . 
  however , having said that , america is powerful and we ca n't let the past allow us to believe this is ever the same case . 
  ttip and the increasing power of american corporations are things we have to keep a clear eye on and show that we have a spine when it comes to our interests . 
  on certain areas absolutely . 
  america is a valued ally of europe but we can not let them get our overhand ( ttip for a quick example ) . 
  because russia has a vision for the world that can not be unified with many western countries . 
  cooperation is the end goal but right now it appears russia aims to gain more by showing its power and increasing its sphere of influence , this is the danger that we have to be aware of . 
  russia is an opponent , but not an enemy however , making that distinction is vital . 
  this is a view i abandoned some time ago . 
  in this gallery the saturation was overdone , and often with saturation it is , but show people a well edited non-true to life version and they will like it more . 
  if its for journalistic purposes you dont really edit anyway, 
  i feel like its a mini 4chan on reddit . 
  any fin with a backstory here ? 
  we like norway now, 
  limburg into relevant, 
  wait nordrein-westfalen is aldi sud ? 
  whenever i drive across the border ( height of koln i guess ) i see the top sign, 
  thats slightly counterintuitive , just fyi, 
  the soft r is comparable to a lot of different languages . 
  you guys are the odd ones out compared to the rest of europe . 
  in the netherlands , yes we are the odd ones out . 
  weird g 's . 
  lol they 're soft but not as bad as coughing up blood trying make a hard g, 
  i strongly doubt that so little is done about it , broadcasting every little detail is n't a task of the intelligence services, 
  it does more than just bad press , it validates useless referendums about leaving the eu . 
  what 's your point , there 's hardly any similarity between these events ? 
  furthermore , the events i 'm talking about happened in the last + - 100 years in the middle east . 
  also if you think the consequent spanish or italian kingdoms of that time had any word for '' human rights '' you are mistaken . 
  how ironic , it is your vision of the middle east blame game that is simplistic . 
  i suggest you look up the fall of the ottomon empire and consequent british and french colonialism there , the countless interventions by cia to satisfy oil companies needs ( like iran ) . 
  then the us interventions in iraq and afghanistan . 
  dont underestimate these factors . 
  cheaper housing and taxes . 
  thats what i hear atleast . 
  after spending an hour on the belgian roads i got both sick and homesick already though . 
  but there is n't going to be a change , those industries are dying because the world has changed . 
  automation , chinese production , it all means that whatever happens those jobs wo n't return in full swing like they used to . 
  the eu , obama is n't trying to destroy those jobs , it `` s a consequence of the new modernized world . 
  it 's a similar situation like the one with the coal mines in my country , at a certain point it just was n't feasible anymore , and the best you can do is bring different jobs to such areas , but that is n't easy . 
  make sure children go to school and learn , that is perhaps the best you can do in such a situation . 
  how does it feel to wallow in cynicism ? 
  let them integrate and people complain , have them bundle up together and people complain they are not integrated . 
  the second one i can agree with but both at the same time is kinda funky . 
  you have no idea how the usa prison system is in the interest of neither prisoners nor society do you ? 
  how the companies responsible for those prison become richer and richer while the ones inside only get tougher and further and further away from society . 
  futhermore if someone deserves life sentence in the netherlands , he will get life sentence . 
  you seem like a genuinely nice person . 
  incredible , completely unrelated cases of completely different nature , yet sonehow the judge should 've been stomping this guys door down in person . 
  you have no idea that the rule of law goes both ways do you ? 
  how else do you expect to get rid of morrocans ? 
  magic tricks ? 
  i also dread this whole notion of using free speech as an imprenetable shield that can not be destroyed by any form of critic . 
  when you knowingly set aside and aim to get rid of a whole portion of citizens you are in the wrong , according to the values that my country and many other countries have build up after centuries . 
  he did n't say criminals , or punks , he aimed his arrows at the entirety of the dutch-moroccan society . 
  i 'm fully aware there are many issues with moroccan youth but polarization and slinging insults one way while hiding behind free speech after that is not the way and certainly not according to what i see as dutch rational and realistic thoughts . 
  he is not silenced , he is not jailed , he is put with his nose against the facts by an indepedent arm of the government of my country . 
  which , you know probably happens already anyway, 
  apparently statistics can also be read as people see fit . 
  if you want to see something nothing can stop you i guess . 
  the world has lost all sense of relativism and rationality . 
  from leftist straight to breitbart , wow . 
  national media is n't leftist nor right , it should be neutral . 
  furthermore hell needs to freeze over before breitbart should become acceptable media , especially in germany , and for good reason . 
  lol victimisation of the right is hilarious . 
  yup leads right to antwerp, 
  at home watching tv,
