self-reflection is gone these days . 
  actually in the nl we have 11/11 as well , city was crowded, 
  patria = fatherland , i think if my rusty latin does n't deceive me . 
  tell me , did where did the dutch person toucb you ? 
  it 's easy to judge something when you can only see a glimpse of it , i 'm sure you know all about what happens in the eu . 
  i mean judging by how the uk reacted when spain mentioned gibraltar ( falklands 2.0 , they tuk ur penunisula ) , i 'm not sure the uk approach is better anyway, 
  not just buildings , people too, 
  sympathy = / = empathy, 
  it is economy related , but also related to education etc. 
  and through that more individualism and consequently not bunching up behind a strong leader . 
  but its farfetched to relate that to your first comment . 
  the afd represents so far a very tiny minority and of the afd i expect that neonazi 's again represent a minority . 
  any source to back that up ? 
  scary stuff , imagine if this was germany and hitler instead . 
  coming soon ^ tram * * ftfy, 
  no , the eu is an instrument of the values and unity of europe . 
  the eu is not holy , nor irreplaceable , but on an ever-changing world with climate change and a boom in population you have to make sure as hell us few lot bundle together , otherwise , we will have a very hard time trying to have any say in the world , if at all . 
  and either party would spin it , it 's a lose-lose situation really . 
  then again brexit in general, 
  then again , we never foresaw a future where technology plays such a huge role . 
  big role in the past sure , but it will take over pretty much all manual labor . 
  perhaps if you would carry arguments into this you might convince me instead of playing on the man himself . 
  there are many ngos and many that have purpose , but also ngos who think their idea of the world is more important than anything else . 
  when you fight for free speech or work for doctors without borders i have a ton of respect and gratitude for you and what you fight for . 
  but when you combat exclusively symptoms , not causes , look short term vs long term through reckless actions that cause chaos and criminality , while governments become increasingly powerless , you do not deserve the same respect . 
  the term ngo has a negative branding already unfortunately , and this does n't help . 
  and besides , what do doctors employed at hospitals have to do with ngos that aid human trafficking ? 
  and by aiding these boat migrants they endanger yet more , who seek luck and they are bolstered by the fact that it seems to work more often then not . 
  therefore these ngo 's aid criminal traffickers as well and create in their home countries because of vigilantism and naivety . 
  [ we have ambitious plans ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/doggerland?wprov=sfla1 ), 
  didnt know they had their spokesperson on reddit . 
  i know ... but what terrorist motive did that one have ? 
  i see no reason why not either both of them should be on this list or neither one . 
  the queens day one did ? 
  it 's also been a rule not to draw it like that, 
  you can have this one, 
  also the alphen aan de rijn mall shooting, 
  i disagree , the vibrance may be a tad too excessive but the original looks flat . 
  when your voice is faded by the ocean , i 'd say you might as well save your energy, 
  why ? 
  i ca n't help it , nor can he, 
  last time the elections he was the one who crashed the coalition ( that shouldve never happened ) so he did poorly . 
  but this is way better than the polls, 
  nos is like dutch bbc , despite some people saying otherwise they are fairly neutral . 
  rtl is a commercial broadcaster , however they are also compared to some fairly neutral in terms of news , economic news etc. 
  i 'm a filthy d66er but in retrospect shouldve voted groenlinks , i do n't want a coalition where d66 is perhaps the most left voice . 
  thanks for bringing arguments to those who oppose turkey . 
  guess they arent that clever, 
  but that shouldnt make it stand out . 
  trailer parks are common in a lot of countries, 
  they are ? 
  bravo for still voting !, 
  i see no reason why d66 lost 3 seats to cda while pechtold whooped buma 's ass two days ago . 
  damn , the concept is n't surprisingly morbid , but the level of detail in the wikipedia article is . 
  i do n't like to specifically state upbringing , but baudet is an arrogant rich kid who is going to battle the elite ... he 's probably more of a snob than the vast majority of parliament members . 
  delusional and dangerous in my eyes . 
  also 's - gravenhage -  den haag -  the hague, 
  that 's a bold and consequently dangerous claim to make . 
  any sources to back that up ? 
  huh til, 
  there 's always a reason to burn a belgian flag, 
  alright , sanctions on digging on beaches , ruins the enviroment . 
  grrr, 
  man man man, 
  just focuse on your own side of the pond will you, 
  atleast in western europe , the netherlands had the highest per capita casualty rate, 
  nice how you twisted the blame suddenly on the left . 
  left v right had shit to do with this , but i guess that never crossed your thick head , seeing as you do n't even care to make a distinction between protesters and rebels . 
  while i agree with you on the first part , the second part makes no sense , calm down dude . 
  dont you realize socioeconomic issues cause political instability ? 
  there 's no way * these * boats crossed the atlantic tbf . 
  i 'd say its not become worse per se , but more vocal and in qroups that while small if you take the whole country , can have a big impact on a municipality or the media when they report it . 
  must be the language really . 
  everytime i try to follow a native speaker i too get angry, 
  ofcourse a fin would see the beauty in a melancholic statue , 
  i 'm not complaining , cowboys , guns , hats , united netherlands ... ... 
  the flares look like a natural result , look up star burst photography, 
  i can see mt ventoux in the background so ... 
  tihange as well , they are just trying to save money by exploiting already far outdated plants for 10 more years . 
  apparently the bomb needs to blow up in people 's faces before people are willing to admit it 's not always as black and white as tabloids ` reason ' . 
  it 's why i also think trumps presidency will lead to a swing of the pendulum the other way if he sits there long enough . 
  you might think not but that does n't make it any more right, 
  i 've seen him speak in person ( citizen dialogue ) . 
  he is a very passionate and intelligent man indeed . 
  it 's refreshing to listen to his well thought-out arguments and rhetoric . 
  really ? 
  you 're going to be pedantic ? 
  now more than ever the voice of the people is important , keep fighting , and more will join . 
  what are you on about, 
  i did not expect our lump of dirt was bigger than denmarks.b, 
  ah ruhr and liege , and zi 'm right in the middle, 
  i have multiple edits in there ... . 
  yes ? 
  whats your point ? 
  i never said teutons were slavs ? 
  jeez i sturred up a lot of fuss , it 's not about the people , it 's the castle ffs . 
  yeh but they 're all dead now, 
  trump has the cohesion of a 5 year old , jesus christ . 
  i still ca n't believe people let him have the most powerful seat in the world . 
  i 'll get back to you after class .
