  do n't think its bad for people on public transport to be identifiable , is it ? 
  wrong , this is n't about outside , it 's about public places inside ( like governemnt buidlings etc ), 
  i read your flair as germany for a sec . 
  that subconscious fear . 
  wait since when did stomping on human rights become cool again ? 
  looks like the pendulum is swinging in that direction again . 
  trump was a racist mad man and he got more votes because of that . 
  letting people decide is n't a fair measurement about if someone is racist yes or no . 
  source : the usa, 
  trias politica ... the judges and om are n't the same as the government . 
  the second one is the first brutalist buidling i like . 
  other than that they seem cold , dark and totalitarian , as from a dystopia, 
  geert would be a great start to what exactly ? 
  what does this have to do with switzerland ? 
  good , no need for others messing around in european countries policy making , especially concerning gun control . 
  shouldnt the be a carpet on the wall ( tu-dum ) or something ? 
  i 've never seen poopy stuff on my eggs . 
  feathers occasionally , thats it, 
  and bad dental health, 
  the would be belgian limburg it seems, 
  hindsight is 20/20 , fipronil was banned for use in the poultry industry , but the firm used a sub-construction to gain the stuff . 
  in the same fashion one can say your government should 've prevented the shit happening at slaughterhouses , but some things happen , no matter the rules and control . 
  the eggs were found during standard tests , so i 'd say as far as the government is concerned nothing went wrong . 
  dunno what kind of weird grudge you hold regarding the specific dutch government though . 
  * one pest removal firm fucked up . 
  that 's about it really , not to mention that aside from one farm the eggs are pretty much harmless unless you eat those same eggs in large numbers every year . 
  our educational system is famous ? 
  hard proof ? 
  no , not yet , at least known publicly , but there are quite a number of links and motives if you take the time to read into it . 
  there simply was a lot of contact between the trump campaign and one specific country that has interests in destabilizing the united states , some even having to resign because of it . 
  there is no evidence for obama 's birth certificate shenanigans , so i would n't say you can compare the two . 
  probably , he was jumpy every time i saw him . 
  group work got ... difficult sometimes . 
  great guy though, 
  i mean , i knew a finnish guy who would drink liters of coffee , so that does n't surprise me . 
  got his rhythm all fucked up as well probably because of it too, 
  you completely seem to ommit that the current polish government is batshit crazy, 
  lol are you serious ? 
  salty ? 
  not necessarily the same protesters or even part of the same protest , this looks a lot like excessive violence , saw something similar the other day as well , a peaceful protest cornered and beaten excessively . 
  i get that there are anarchists roaming the streets but this is crazy, 
  a lot of this particular highway is sunken to minimize sound pollution , as well as making it invisible , a bridge would ruin the whole reason for the way this highway was built . 
  the only houses you can see like that are older farm style houses which fit the landscape , while cities are difficult to camouflage to begin with ( and we do n't have that much high-rise anyway ), 
  voldemort ? 
  i put some money inside my normal wallet and kept my important stuff underneath my shirt , and you couldnt really notice that thing since it was so flat so i think think it was perfect  . 
  also this was when you jad to pay a fuckton for roaming and wifi wasnt omnipresent so my old nokia did fine . 
  when i was in barcelona i used an older phone and had one of those wallets you could put under your shirt . 
  made me feel a lot better being there . 
  the film was the editing software back in the day . 
  want something more saturated ? 
  get a different film . 
  ` editing ' images is as old as photography itself really, 
  it took them a year to react so yes it might have been possible, 
  everything is a violation if you want it to be , you can write and read laws however you want . 
  does n't make it right what they did , as far as harmless humanitarian projects go , this is one . 
  what about illegal construction and occupation on the west bank by israel ? 
  it 's not exactly the same . 
  they are just hiding behind paperwork , any country could go that way . 
  clean energy should be welcomed in these parts but it appears the isreali government can only go the way of confrontation , disappointing . 
  i think the vast majority of users here are fully aware a turkish invasion of greece is something that is simply not going to happen . 
  really , the entire top of the thread is made up of people saying turkey is n't going to invade greece , and the ones that say that do get downvoted . 
  if that is what you get worked up about , you 're absolutely free to leave . 
  go on , deplete the sea, 
  saw some about a week ago , first time ever . 
  it was at 00:00 , kind of surreal, 
  is there a way to read that report , i would be interested, 
  why me of all people ? 
  not every dutch toilet is unisex , nor do i live near amsterdam , and those urinal squares are disgusting . 
  too cramped so everybody pees all over the place, 
  so ... what happened to the urinals ? 
  i like the concept for equality sake , but urinals are so much easier and cleaner for a quick piss than a cubicle, 
  suck on it , finland !, 
  ah garzweiler and erzweiler , can see their plants smoking from my house , plumes so fucking high it 's crazy . 
  hdr was probably on , just not the hdr we know as overdone hdr . 
  googlev / 's hdr + looks similar to this, 
  how the fuck did such a hillbilly get into office ? 
  seriously what the fuck america, 
  you 're right , we ca n't win from strong and stable leadership, 
  that 's further down the road and not what i was discussing . 
  nor is it a policy i can get behind, 
  it 's not like thats their disposable income . 
  its the ' i need to get the fuck out of here no matter what ' - type of money . 
  most europeans could get that money together if it means leaving a shithole behind . 
  no , within a month sounds better, 
  yes but that does n't fit his agenda ... 
  tourist industry has its flaws , like calling a beach and the keukenhof unrelated to amsterdam , the amsterdam beach and amsterdam flowers . 
  amsterdam is ruined for non-tourists, 
  pat and mat ? 
  a bit of slippery slope fallacy i see ? 
  is there any backing to that theory ? 
  facebook is neglecting its task to moderate their platform, 
   wait , he still does not understand ~ ~ that the us trades with the eu and not the individual member states international trade ~ ~ ? 
  seems more accurate, 
  if you look closely you can see all the scandals just bouncing off, 
  novigrad is a city in the witcher universe and it looks very similar , goddamn this looks amazing, 
  no absolutely , climate change has a far more powerful impact on human lives than some might think , but the political spectrum in the me has been turbulent for a long time in the 20th century and i 'd argue the meddling in the region by the us and uk is a major influence . 
  the syrian civil war is something from the last 5 years as terrible as it is . 
  the situation is caused by the crusade for oil and power by the us and uk in the middle-east . 
  be tough on saudi-arabia and stop your fetishist chase of oil interest in those regions and perhaps the situation can be stabilized . 
  this has been going on since the ottoman empire fell , and it 's easy to blame germany for the mess when it was n't the one who caused it .
