  seems like a logical fallacy to even bring it up . 
  a lot more what ? 
  that statement does n't make any sense . 
  and who cares what subs i mod ? 
  i thought we were talking about the military industrial complex . 
  not really ( i have n't seen any evidence to specifically point to this - been busy at work ) . 
  do you ? 
  one man 's rebels are another man 's freedom fighters . 
  or something . 
  how about instead of calling him insane - try and consider his argument before insults ? 
  this is nothing new . 
  it has happened for at least 100 years . 
  global crises are great for weapon sales . 
  i 'm pretty sure the us has a more tenuous and nuanced relationship and your comparison is deeply flawed . 
  i know right ? 
  let 's keep the discussion onto this one shitty thing the us did . 
  any anecdotes relating similar outcomes from similar policies and procedures has no reason for inclusion and can only establish a trend that the unipolar world of american dominance and exceptionalism has been great for a few and pretty shitty for almost anyone else . 
  you 'd help yourself to read up on it and reinforce your view with what actually happened . 
  there 's more to it than that . 
  sucks for the libyan i guess , eh ? 
  france was cool with the us help to pull off some regime change in libya , and that was only a few years ago . 
  luckily for them the f35 has taken for-fucking-ever . 
  wolves  people , yo . 
  disgraceful either way . 
   ** the problem here is that this new generation did n't grow up in the shadow of war like the last ones did . 
  ** all of that pain anguish and destruction is a foreign concept , and it 's allowing these subversive elements to take root . 
  are you talking about europeans here ? 
  when did we stop talking about ww2 ? 
  they must be pretty old . 
  at least now we all understand your bias . 
  that was n't hard . 
  til the un had the authority to define words . 
  and that 's not * racism * , it 's * racial discrimination * . 
   so it 's a lame excuse to frame it as if discrimination by ethnic group does n't fall into the definition of racism . 
  well , it ca n't be racism if race is n't involved . 
  why not be satisfied with the more broad * discrimination * term then ? 
  i guess the blame ultimately lies on those who allowed checkers to become chess . 
   they do n't have to pay it , but if they do n't other sovereign states will not recognise them as eu members and they wo n't get the benefits . 
  so shunning and bullying ? 
   imagine a group of 28 people is playing a board game , this board game has rules but they all decided they want to play together so they will follow the games rules . 
  one of the kids decides that his piece has some ability that is not in the rules , and the others tell him no . 
  well either he can leave the game , or he can keep playing by the rules . 
  this allegory lacks a bit of the nuance regarding the reality of the situation and in my opinion is oversimplified . 
  rather than the boy ( obviously britain ) claiming some mary sue powers ( such as writing their own tax laws or enforcing their own borders as the people see fit ) , but a more apt comparison is this : a group of * kids * agree to play a game of checkers . 
  everyone agrees on the rules . 
  eventually , over time , more kids are invited to play . 
  eventually rule changes were proposed and eventually the game grew so big and so complicated it did n't look or feel or play like checkers anymore , and it looked more like chess . 
  chess is a fine game ( and i would much rather prefer it ) , but some folks just like checkers and if they ca n't play checkers ( the game they agreed to play in the first place ) , they have two options : flip those board ( like a child ) and rage quit or just leave the game space and play something else . 
   sure , he can pretend he 's still playing , but no one will interact with him like he still is . 
  i bet there 's a few chess players who like checkers just as much , or would rather start a checker 's league instead . 
   the boy is still in control of himself , but the others do n't have to tolerate him and give him special treatment when he decides he doesnt want to follow the rules . 
  does n't sound inclusive or tolerant to me . 
  i would n't want to play with this group anyway . 
  so if a nation passes a law that is against eu law , they have to revert it or pay a fine that goes into the coffers of the eu ? 
  you ai n't soverign , man . 
  where does the fine go ? 
  and if they do n't follow the rules - what happens ? 
  so loose it takes 3 years ( or more ) to withdraw ? 
  does sovereignty just mean that you 're part of a group ? 
  when brussels dictates other nations how to implement tax policy , when the ecb dictates currency policy , and the commission dictates legislation ( including movement of people across national borders ) you got more than a union as far as i can tell . 
  * allegedly * . 
  seems like sovereign ( or what used to be sovereign ) states outsourcing defense policy to a bureaucracy that seems to struggle with recent challenges . 
  cost savings ? 
  sure . 
  but lost jobs as well , if you think of it like any other merger/acquisition . 
  the pretzel necklace is so perfect . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  amazing . 
  they have n't triggered article 50 and it 's been weeks since the referendum . 
  maybe you should ask him . 
  back to name calling eh ? 
  ca n't say that i 'm surprised . 
  sounds like a conspiracy theory to me . 
  it was in jest . 
  i just hate the / s tag . 
  i 'm a moderator of that board . 
  * i love conspiracy theories * . 
  i do n't have time for your conspiracy theories . 
  just like vince foster . 
  right ? 
   i imagine that if i 'm a criminal that is not allowed to get a gun i would just get someone else to buy it for me or just buy it from someone under the table . 
  it 's not really that hard honestly . 
  sounds like gun laws are ineffective anyway then and we should n't waste our time with them . 
  ** this scenario is also very different than your bullshit comment : **  any joe schmo can go into a gun store and walk out with a gun  fun fact i was mugged at gun point and i could tell that they did not want to fire their gun they just wanted the keys to the car and they fled once they got it , and their were panicking as much as we were already . 
  i guess your unfortunate situation is exactly like every other mugging in every other country on this planet . 
  and you 're making my point . 
  mugging are for your shit . 
  not for your life . 
  someone who is shot in dc ( with incredibly strict gun laws ) without being robbed was n't mugged . 
   ok then smart guy if this was some sort of an assassin why did n't he take his wallet or a watch ? 
  already answered in another reply  would n't he want it to look like a mugging ? 
  let 's leave this to the professionals . 
  i 'm not interested in your conspiracy theories . 
   we could debate what ifs all day but i 'd rather leave criminal investigations to professionals . 
  take your own advice then and next time think and lurk more before spouting off opinions on things you know nothing about . 
   look i do n't believe that american police ( as an institution ) is corrupt , sure they might be biased but i 'm certain that they are pretty decent at their jobs . 
  of course they are . 
  what does this have to do with anything ? 
   what if the mugger did not expect to for the guy to resist and after getting into a confrontation shot his gun and ran away in panic ( gun shots are pretty loud and tend to attract attention ) , we got a detective over here !, 
  what if he was the dnc leader and the * mugger * just wanted him dead ?
