  if the people of latvia , estonia , and lithuania voted to be a part of nato who am i ( a random dude in the usa ) to judge that ? 
  are you calling me a moron because i have n't heard some russian propagandist explanation for why nato is continually expanding towards the russian federation 's borders ? 
   well the agreement is that nato can not station a substantial number of troops . 
  in eastern europe . 
   - either you think 200 troops is not insubstantial and justifies russias actions . 
  in which case the question is why ? 
   - or you agree that 200 troops is insubstantial and you 're just trying to win an argument that you 're losing by saying `` nuh-uh '' over and over . 
  i reject your false dichotomy of choices . 
  to me , they seem like deliberate acts following the letters of the laws related to the treaties they represent . 
  they are meant to send a message , so that when another party of the treaty cries foul , you can denounce them because you * did n't do anything wrong * ( technically ) . 
   well i read the numbers in the original post . 
  and i have military experience . 
  not that you need it to understand the insignificance of 200 troops against a russian armoured division for example . 
  ** i 'm just wondering where you 're claiming this expertise that the presented facts are somehow not enough . 
  ** what ? 
  half of this thread is denouncing and poking holes in this infographic . 
  read the thread . 
   awful lot of downvotes in this sub for anything that is n't anti-russia . 
  is this r/r/nato or / r/geopolitics ? 
   probably because you sound like a massive berk more than anything to be honest mate . 
  and it sounds like you ca n't handle an opinion that differs from your own ( especially if it 's nuanced and you ca n't fit it into a box of russia is bad or nato is bad ) . 
  where did you serve ? 
   this malicious expansionist narrative is what russia has been pushing for decades . 
  unfortunately , some in the west also believe it . 
  first i 've heard of it . 
  ironic that i got it from you , eh ? 
   what ? 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  your first point is defeated internally by just reading the sentence by itself . 
  then you use the defeated statement as a basis for the remainder of your post . 
    and aggressor ? 
  from 50 years ago ? 
   1991 , when eastern europe was finally liberated , was 25 years ago . 
  people were killed in the process . 
  most people alive there have experienced it first hand . 
  well , you yourself used  last half century so that 's why i used a different example from the same timeframe . 
  you 're making these goalposts , not me . 
  so now we 're moving them to 1991 ? 
  so , in your view , the dissolution of the soviet union 25 years ago was an ** aggressive act ** by the russian federation ? 
   what difference does that make ? 
  * you have n't shown us * why russia might consider that amount of troops and vehicles to be a threat to its territorial integrity . 
  because i do n't have to ? 
   you do n't get to hide behind ` russia 's perspective , not mine ' when it 's you making the claim . 
  i 'm not making a claim . 
  and sure i can . 
  who says i ca n't ? 
  you ? 
   you 've said something contrarian then victimized yourself for a dozen comments instead of giving one single argument . 
  my argument has n't changed this entire time . 
  just like nato chooses to interpret * permanent * forces the way they do , the russian federation can just as easily see troop movements as threatening . 
   i 'm not being aggressive with anything i 'm just saying that there is pretty clear evidence that 200 military personnel is n't a significant number . 
  and it 's pretty clear if the russians actually were worried about this they 'd not just be screeching about the big mean nato or the west or whatever . 
  ** you 're the one making the assertion that 200 troops is somehow a threat to russia ** large enough for them to have risked a war . 
   where did you read this assertion and what is it backed up by ? 
  where did you ? 
  not by me and not in this thread . 
  try and stay on topic . 
   because it sounds like a very interesting foreign policy journal whatever it is . 
  also worth noting is i did not downvote you and i very very rarely even use the comment voting thing anyway , and i also only have one downvote even if i did . 
  awful lot of downvotes in this sub for anything that is n't anti-russia . 
  is this r/r/nato or / r/geopolitics ? 
   the problem with talking about `` nato expansion '' is that it implies that nato forced itself into these countries . 
  not really . 
  expansion does n't have anything to do with forcefulness or reluctance of one party or another regarding the deal . 
  why would you equate the two ? 
   it 's really the opposite ; they wanted nato there to protect them from russia - the hostile neighbor that had occupied them for the last half century . 
  it 's so easy to argue a non-logical point that no one uses or says after you make it ( except for you , of course ) . 
  and aggressor ? 
  from 50 years ago ? 
  sounds like all those deals with iran the us was helping make is silly considering what iranians did regarding american hostages * 50 years ago * . 
   yes you have . 
  you replied to someone saying ` it 's not a substantial amount ' with ` to you ' . 
  exactly . 
  to the russian federation ... maybe it is . 
  reading comprehension ? 
   and then with ` open to interpretation ' . 
  yet you refused to show any such interpretation , in fact you have n't said anything at all other than this vague contrarianism , while not assuming responsibility for any position . 
  you mean like the * interpretation * of * rotating battalions * as being not permanent ( although there is a force their permanently - it 's just different dudes do there 's your wiggle room * interpretation * ) . 
   this is n't / r/the _ safespace , you 'll have support your claims with arguments . 
  you 've made several people reply to your trolling/idiocy ( one of the two ) without contributing to the discussion yourself . 
  and i have yet to sling any insults and have just keep the conversation going . 
  it 's you ( and others ) calling my intelligence and informedness into question . 
  i did n't say they were substantial . 
  also - reported for civility . 
   it 's you that has to clarify that . 
  if you 're not suggesting that hundreds of troops pose a legitimate threat to russia 's integrity i did n't suggest that ? 
  where did i suggest that ? 
  and you 'd have to ask the russian federation for their interpretation , i imagine . 
   then nato is not breaking the founding act and you 're being contrarian for the sake of it . 
  how dare you assume my contrarianness . 
  i did . 
  this shitty infographic does n't sway me ( or most of the users in this sub , it looks like ) . 
  do you deny that nato has [ expanded over time ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/media/images/74014000/gif/_74014185_nato_member_countries_624map.gif ) ? 
  who said anything about invasions ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  why so aggressive with the commentary and votes ? 
  * substantial * is just a legalese wiggle word like * permanent * here . 
  open to interpretation . 
  it could be interpretted as such , sure . 
  seems pretty straightforward .
