  and of course things became more centralized after the war concluded ( there was n't even a peace treaty ) . 
  congress passed multiple acts with appointed southern representatives - who were not elected . 
  ... it took less than a decade to go from a confederation ( 1781 ) to a federation ( 1789 ) . 
  unless you know something about american history that i do not . 
  and their leader is wholed up in pennsylvania . 
  no biggie . 
  i 'd rather this then the patriot act being law in 3 days . 
  / sad american, 
  seems a bit hyperbolic , do n't you think ? 
  either way - american * defense * contractors thank you for your current and future orders . 
  thanks for making america 's gdp great again !, 
  it appears everyone is arming up for something . 
   really ? 
  actually i 'm surprised that any american would visit that ridiculous anti `` western '' propaganda machine . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
   forive me if i offended that guy but someone who talks this kind of bullshit with some crazy conspiracy nuts seems to be equally unimportant and insane . 
  again . 
  nothing i said was untrue . 
  where 's the conspiracy ? 
   that means exactly that , i 'm not going to make up a whole story based on a one intercepted phone call and not very syrprising at that . 
  what is made up ? 
  i 'm not making up any stories here . 
  perhaps you have me confused with someone else . 
   i do n't say you 're russian but for some strange reason you listen to their gov owned mass media who said this ? 
   and now you links something unrelated which does not answer how `` yats '' ( so funny ) got his office . 
  your timelines are mixed up and the link clarified it for you . 
  yats ( which i purposefully used since that 's what victoria nuland refers to him as in her phone call ) was part of the interim ppst-maidan new government . 
   you should [ read ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agreement_on_settlement_of_political_crisis_in_ukraine ) more if you was n't following the news at that time . 
  i 've been following this and stories like it for far longer than you think . 
   no , i 'm not mixing up anything . 
  but you refuse to address any of my points without insults and revisionist history . 
   do n't get offended , i just heard this kind of combo of cookies and terrible , secret talk from some american which was a very frequent host on rt. 
  it was n't * some american * . 
  it was the deputy secretary of state , and former ambassador to nato . 
  who also married into a neoconservative camp in the us which wrote the fantastic project for a new american century . 
  you should check it out . 
   yes , i 've listened . 
  people are discussing politics everywhere and talking who 's going to take which position , big deal . 
  you really thinks that the big american conspiracy was made with a one phone call ? 
  of course not . 
  that does n't mean you can dismiss it so easily . 
   not to mention that the gov of yatsenyuk was appointed by yanukovych and voted by parliament , but russians somehow forgets that . 
  i 'm not russian . 
  and yats was put into play ater yanukovych was ousted . 
  [ right ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/03/13/world/europe/ukraine-washington.html )  does it really matter ? 
  it 's pathetic that kremlin has nothing but intercepted chit chat and cookies to back up its narration . 
  that 's right . 
  just cookies . 
   when did i denied the fact that ukraine is corrupted ? 
  why move the goal post this way ? 
  perhaps you 're mixing up your responses . 
   why does that sound familiar to me ... oh yeah , i 'm also watching kremlin today . 
  surely if you 're confronted with verifiable information that conflicts with your narrative it must come from a putinbot . 
  what a shitty ad hominem . 
   pity that there was n't any other mysterious leak , but if some informal chit chat about politics is everything that `` leaked '' to the russian services then that was a really secret `` coup '' . 
  did you ever listen to victoria nuland 's call ? 
  to dismiss it as idle chit chat is disingenuous and disrespectful for all the lives lost and ruined due to what happened in liev via maidan . 
   and as for the cookies , they surely were secret weapons of mass destruction ... well , when you know the us state dept ie backing you it certainly helps move things along . 
  i bet i could get some shit done if i had their logistics team ( and i hear their oatmeal raisin is to ** die ** for ) . 
   that 's african level of scummy corruption , typical for former colonies , but it did n't came with biden . 
  so are you denying that his son is n't involved in a ukraine [ gas company now ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-echochambers-27403003 ) ? 
  someone should tell the bbc they are spouting putin-propaganda !, 
   sorry but attacking a eu and nato country is something completely different . 
  ** if anything the us sat on their asses during the ukraine crisis as they guaranteed the ukraine 's safety . 
  ** sat on their asses ? 
  their former ambassador to nato and deputy secretary of state was handing out cookies during maidan to cause as much trouble as possible and were caught on tape discussing who was going to be put in charge . 
  as well as cushy contracts given to american natural gas companies with ties to sitting executive office personnel as high up as the vice president and american citizens being appointed to positions in their cabinet . 
  ... that 's sitting on their asses ? 
  big glass wins again . 
  blonds * and * brunettes ? 
  or do you have some kissed-by-fire fetish ? 
  * you monster * . 
  they seem nice . 
  well sure . 
  double spaced ... 
  [ here ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2016/february/tradoc_154329.pdf ) is a link to the 1,598 page document ( warning - pdf ) . 
  far right and far left do n't mean they are n't pro-government policy . 
  or have you not heard of cognitive dissonance ? 
   ~ ~ amen ~ ~ . 
  ftfy ? 
   yes . 
  non-limited would have been providing rebels with heavy equipment/vehicles ( or even a controlled manpad program , like they did for the tows ) , or a full military engagement against daesh , it 's a good thing these are acts of war generally and involve legislatures . 
   or active airspace denial over syria . 
  to clip the isil/isis/daesh airforce ? 
  the no fly zone worked in libya . 
  which is why it wo n't in syria . 
   western nations involved in the conflict are not the countries that are the most engaged in this conflict . 
  obviously . 
  are you serious ? 
   relatively limited is this what you call arming and funding rebels via the department of defense and cia ? 
  i really do n't have the time or interest to watch some hyped up vice piece or some bellingcat selfie stick analysis . 
  but i do appreciate you tossing it my way . 
  it just boggles my mind that the us has admitted groups vetted and trained by the dod and cia in syria ( without an invitation by the sovereign government , mind you ) as well as admitted special ops forces and nobody bats an eye . 
  but if russians are rumored to be supporting opposition ( never really officially admitted ) is all but a done deal and is the most irresponsible thing a world leader could do , since hitler i guess ( even though a dude in turkey is collecting more and more power by the week - a nato member , btw ) and people are not touchin ' that guy with a ten foot pole ( although we do have his eventual replacement in pennsylvania right now ) . 
  it 's fun to consider things from a different point of view once in awhile - do n't you think ? 
   no , we are discussing whatever mimunto 's claim that russian soldiers annexing territory and shooting at ukrainians is considered war . 
   or did you mean that , russian soldiers were n't annexing territory and shooting at ukrainians ? 
  i 'm fairly certain the crimean referendum happened in my reality as well as yours . 
  and if russian soldiers were in ukraine fighting in a rebellious nature , the international community should be 100 % behind kiev and rally to their aid and all formal negotiations and agreements made with the hostile russian state should have occured by now . 
  right ?
