   it was the same vkontakte account that posted previous shit about downed ukrainian aircraft . 
  the us created an entire fake twitterverse to subvert groups in cuba to try and oust castro . 
  [ i am not making this up ] ( http://time.com/47912/u-s-officials-created-a-cuban-twitter-to-overthrow-castro-report/ ) . 
  i just do n't think it is good critical thinking to use * social media posts * as evidence . 
  this can all be manufactured and you are naive to not recognize it . 
   you 're really suggesting conspiracy level of fakery here ? 
  hurr duurr , jet fuel no , i 'm just suggestig you not take what the us state dept says regarding * tweets and videos * as evidence . 
  and jet fuel ? 
  please . 
  there was obviously a * conspiracy * here . 
  we 're all just trying to piece things togeher . 
  why are you so aggressive ? 
   sounds like you are being an even bigger conspiracy theorist . 
  it 's unfortunate to hear russia censoring information ** but its very rare to hear the usa doing so ** . 
  i 'd like to see a source on your claim since its quite a large claim . 
  the us censors things all the time . 
  what are you talkin about ? 
  because tweets and separatists can not be faked or immitated , right ? 
   this report contains the results of that investigation . 
  * the board is aware that this does not answer one important question - the question of who is to blame for the crash . 
  sounds like there 's a real opporunity for some grassroots stuff ( if coordinated properly ) . 
  i guess it ' a time to see what needs to be done . 
  what 'll it be ? 
  i 'll toss some internet karma and money your way if you run . 
  i bet more here would to . 
  what say you ? 
  hmm . 
  is it mandated to be a part of a big party ? 
  or just preferred/strongly recommended/voters prefer it ? 
  how many people on the city council ? 
  in the states city councils have rotating seats , and someone is usually always up for election . 
  time to get active , donvito !, 
  something something baby and the bathwater . 
  yes . 
  luckily they removed him . 
  nlp, 
  i think it 's pretty early to tell and i 'm unfamiliar with afd 's policies in general besides what i assume is some immigration/migration/border control ( and if you have a link to an english translation of their policies i 'd be glad to take a look ) . 
  but as far as trump goes - parts of his first 100 day plan seems to be a net positive for both corporations and working class , most notably the repatriation of all the overseas corporate cash ... so we 'll just have to wait and see i suppose . 
  they 're just swapping for awhile . 
  for a second i thought i was in / r/nottheonion, 
  because he did n't have to pretend he was n't a * smooth operator * anymore . 
  sure . 
  the constitution is not the first government that we had . 
  previously , we were a confederation of states where unanimous consent was required ( 13 votes at the time ) . 
  nothing got done . 
  when a secret meeting was held under the auspices of improving the previous government was unveiled to the masses of a new government , with sweeping powers , it was stipulated to only require 9/13 for it to go into effect , which left more than a quarter of the fledgling nation out of the decision making . 
  this ideological schism took 100 years of external ( and internal ) fighting and wars before the global superpower emerged after being conquered internally and externally . 
  changing the rules and enacting changes that will eventually fracture the block ( it seems an east & west divide on security [ orders ] and economics ( austerity ) is the final push for a fracture of the eu confederation which will eventually reform itself as a federation . 
  this is something that may seem a good idea ( even now ) , of which i vehemently disagree . 
  but ultimately , it is up to the european people to decide . 
  i just hope they think things through as thoroughly as those who are shaping the world we read about every day . 
  are you familiar with the history if the united states of america ? 
  this idea is not a good one . 
   political purposes what ? 
  ... and eventually the non-ruling political machinations of the day ? 
  you see that slippery slope ahead , yes ? 
  a ` soverign citizen ' is an oxymoron . 
  one can not be , by definition , both soverign and a citizen . 
  i thought we were talking about registered voters ( to participate in the referendum ) . 
  my mistake . 
  i know . 
  but the registration numbers should be available ( if at all ) from the uk government . 
  right ? 
  should i look into home office stuff for the uk government on the web ? 
  do you still ? 
  i find this fascinating . 
  or is it public now ? 
  data you say ? 
  and glossed over by all is the point . 
  well then ? 
  they fucked up . 
  stop arguing about whether it was the policy 's fault ( a rather arbitrary term ) and continue to bitch about how this guy is gone along with any possible intelligence or other positive information that could have come out of his incarceration/legal proceedings . 
  because the us bombs hospitals and weddings too ? 
  it 's just those are oopsie daisies . 
  just remove islam from the statement and it would still be correct . 
  just change it to populist i guess . 
  where was i defending anything ? 
  i just called someone out for calling him insane ( which was rude an unproductive ) . 
  perhaps you read or saw something differently ? 
  because i wanted to get an answer to a question . 
  why else would i ? 
  i 'm not your keeper or your servant and i already have a full time job . 
  what conspiracy ideas ? 
  i do n't even know what you 're talking about . 
  what bias ? 
  the discussion went to conspiracies when you brought up user history . 
  what if you were shown evidence concluding such ? 
    what do you mean those guys ? 
   members of the / r/conspiracy sub . 
  well , there 's 300,000 of them so you 're bound to get a trickle once in awhile . 
  unless i 'm not welcome here ? 
    and what does my modding activity have to do with arms sales due to international crises ? 
   not your modding , your posting . 
  it gives perspective on who i 'm speaking with . 
  i 'm curious - does my modding ( or now posting - even though i rarely post in r/conspiracy anymore so that point be moot anyway ) have anything to do with international incidents spurring weapons sales ? 
  because all of that happened and happens all the time . 
  bringing other subs i frequent into the argument does n't do anything to refute my statements ( despite the uncharacteristic amount of downvotes today ) . 
  does it ? 
  what do you mean * those guys * ? 
  and what does my modding activity have to do with arms sales due to international crises ?
