  and the next one will have all the juicy bits [ redacted ] anyway . 
  did you read it ? 
  the only thing in there that has anything to do with russia is the acronym ris and they show absolutely zero evidence/proof that it was them . 
  anyone citing the jar and still talking about the russians has n't read it and is operating on fakenews . 
  i 'm not concerned with anything in this thread . 
  definitely american . 
  anything is possible , i guess . 
  it seems the negative backlash would outweigh anything gained here in your hypothetical scenario . 
  where ? 
  me too . 
  after saying  fakenews and then  kremlin line you really do n't have anything to offer . 
  i do n't need to make a connection . 
  it 's there . 
  what else would she be doing there besides forwarding us interests ? 
  it must be nice to dismiss things you do n't want to discuss as fakenews and kremlin propaganda . 
  reality is far more nuanced . 
  what guy ? 
  the us dept of state was [ there ] ( http://www.cbsnews.com/news/us-victoria-nuland-wades-into-ukraine-turmoil-over-yanukovich/ ) . 
  did cbs news get hacked by the russians too ? 
  if the fact does n't fit your narrative do you just blame the russians ? 
   such action as it deems necessary . 
  has your country done what it agreed to do ( in 2014 ) ? 
  probably some special operators and a bill is more likely . 
  reread my other responses in this thread . 
   why not ? 
  he may do nothing when lithuanians would be attacked . 
  because treaties ? 
  is that what they call aiding protesters in another country against the elected government across the pond ? 
    it 's strange that you linked to intimidate and not to the actual nyt article here  not really , concidering i do n't keep a catalogue of links to articles about trump . 
  nor do i. 
  but i found the actual article just as quick as you found a repost . 
  my link came from yours !, 
   i think very few people do . 
  the quote is in the nbcnews article , but i assume you did n't read it for whatever reason , maybe cookies or something . 
  i linked the nytimesarticle that the quote is from and quoted a passage inside it . 
  of course i read it . 
   does that make sense to you ? 
   not really , concidering nato is n't a subscription service like `` trump magazine '' or whatever . 
  it 's not even a service , it 's an alliance . 
  exactly . 
  it does n't matter what he says . 
  this is negotiating bullshit to get them to pay the us military industrial complex their tithe . 
  it 's strange that you linked to ibtimes and not to the actual nyt article [ here ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/22/us/politics/donald-trump-foreign-policy-interview.html?referer=http://www.ibtimes.com/quotes-donald-trump-nato-what-republican-candidate-said-about-north-atlantic-treaty-2393661 ) but whatever . 
  when you read the whole interview ( because not everything is a quick little soundbyte - these quotes do n't happen in a vacuum and if want to actually be informed you should read more than a relinked article ) . 
  anyways - to me it always seemed like one of his * negotiating tactics * . 
  he says so like a minute iater :  trump : in a deal , you always have to be prepared to walk . 
  hillary clinton has said , `` we will never , ever walk . '' that 's a wonderful phrase , but unfortunately , if i were on saudi arabia 's side , germany , japan , south korea and others , i would say , `` oh , they 're never leaving , so what do we have to pay them for ? '' does that make sense to you , david ? 
  does that make sense to you , / u/nerkuras ? 
  quote it , then . 
  why would they invade you ? 
  in what world would that work out positively for anyone ? 
  amazing . 
  a mistake , unfortunately . 
  you all should have seen * that * coming after the us state dept showed up in kiev and assisted during the euromaidan . 
  * that * is when you all should have stopped planning and starting * doing * . 
  yep . 
  california . 
  still lost where it counts . 
  and until then they 'll get * conditional support * . 
  is n't that what the nato treaty says ? 
  is anyone seriously doubting the us would balk at article 5 ? 
  i think it 's more fun to have discourse * here * instead of on fb and twitter/etc is because while we can form communities and groups and clicks ( and i 'm certainly part of a group on this site ) , whenever i jump in a thread i 'm just an idea engaging with another idea because you have no idea who i really am and it 's just the ideas that duke it out ( if it needs to happen at all ) . 
  and when you have a sub like this when we can flair up and engage with some preconceived notions but most act accordingly ( because we inherently bring our nations ' biases into our conversations due to our own particular media diets ) and it 's just fun to read and participate . 
  this place is a welcome part of my daily scroll . 
  and we 're not as positive as we could be , if that 's what you 're getting to . 
  do you know what gets ratings ? 
  i 'm just annoyed ( at myself ) that i never even considered it . 
  maybe djt will too ( i 'm skeptical ) . 
  we both should give him a chance . 
  another term for obama would be against the constitution . 
  biden could have run ( and probably could have won ) but one of the major political parties in america is so corrupt they had their nominee in november of 2015 without the input of the electorate . 
  i think that 's what i liked most about it . 
  i 'm not surprised that my state-based education never included this . 
  i am surprised that it took me 32 years to find it . 
  i spent like an hour absorbing this post . 
  it was an hour i do not regret . 
  it has great moral significance and therefore is entirely relevant to the conversation . 
  but ... nato is entirely voluntary . 
   the problem with your strictly consequentialist line of reasoning is that it robs those countries of any agency of their own , how so ? 
  those countries voted to join nato . 
  was n't that a representation of the people 's agency ? 
   as if their needs and desires carry no weight and can be ignored . 
  that is not a morally defensible position . 
  i do n't even know what you 're getting at . 
  what position am i morally bankrupt for defending now ? 
   edit ; lol , further reading shows that you do n't actually know anything about this topic . 
  have fun . 
  this has literally entertained me all day . 
  started with some propagandistic and misleading infographic from the atlantic ? 
   you still dont seem to understand . 
  topic is not about nato membership expanding , i know . 
  but it has . 
   it is the claim of military force buildup ( troops/military presence ) . 
  i know . 
  it has . 
  and not just anywhere but straight at the borders of russia . 
  i know . 
  it has . 
  they can do whatever they want . 
  who 's arguing that ?
