  are you seriously discussing the philosophy of the * idea of war * versus the reality of armed conflict ? 
  in the united states we are n't at war unless congress declares it . 
  has ukraine declared war ? 
  do soverign nations consult dictionaries ? 
  maybe they use merriam-webster ? 
  incorrect . 
  unless you have an alternate definition of war you would like to share with the class . 
  there is a continuum of meaning . 
  yet we continue to fight with each other about meaningless things . 
  i have been incredibly dissappointed in the guardian as of late . 
  and the arms manufacturers are poised to have a few solid quarters . 
  i 'm at +2 ( x ) and -2 ( y ) and even more confused . 
  i always assumed it was drama invented for the people so they did n't have to do any work . 
  i think you 're watching too much television . 
   and about the impeachment they ca n't because senate is in gop hands , that 's why i told it takes 2 years . 
  you do realize that impeachment is a big deal and is far more than a d vs. r thing , right ? 
  it 's an america vs. 
  the executive . 
   it should have been his twitter account that has been bugged  _  i do n't even . 
  nothing so far . 
   and i still think you are wrong !, 
  it 's good that you have your own opinion . 
   trump will get royally screwed in 2 years when the democrats will fight for the senate seats , and bernie sanders does nice job take over the dnc party . 
  like the tea party did with gop !, 
  i doubt this very much . 
  bernie allowed his charade of a candidacy to be paraded out to the masses and quickly bent the knee and surrendered his candidacy * ( and millions in campaign contributions ) * to the dnc and hrc . 
  his actions are part of the problem . 
   also trump is already breaking the constitution because of his foreign investments , and not to forget there are different factions with in the republican party . 
  then he should be impeached . 
  this entire media apparatus in the us as well as all the dems in government want this - why have n't they ? 
  because he had n't ( yet ) . 
   also the current state of the trump administration with those all those leaks says enough about the stability off it . 
  or that the wh is bugged . 
  would n't be the first time . 
  i guess everyone is just making it up then . 
  i guess i just read fakenews ( like reuters and such ) . 
  that 's not what no-go zones mean though , yo . 
  please share when you do . 
   he 's been threatening judges , no threats . 
  just public posts of disapproval . 
  free speech ? 
  yes . 
   his defense of the ban included the argument that courts should n't be review his orders for legality ( !!!, 
  ) , the review of his eos does n't happen much historically , especially when congress gave the president the power to do such a thing after the passage of the immigrant nationality act ( cited in the order ) . 
   and he also said that the country would be in danger if article 3 courts are at odds with the executive powers typically exercised i supposed you would . 
  does n't seem like government working for the people . 
  but fighting with itself . 
  i do n't want to waste my money on that . 
   if he could n't break constitutional law . 
  nothing he has done has broken constitutional law ( so far ) . 
   the man is a would be dictator and must be put to death for his treason . 
  he has not done anything of the sort . 
  and those are some tough words , internet stranger . 
   dissolve parliament there it is . 
  thank you !, 
  some great english signs there . 
  how many people speak english ? 
  [ i know . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5s29e6/romanian_government_repeals_decree/ddbvtue ), 
   when the negociations have n't even started ah , this is where you are mistaken i think . 
  i did n't want to mess with the title , but if you read through it the repeal will be discussed/get done on sunday . 
  then why was n't that said ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  they 're all public figures . 
  despite the title not matching the article ( on reddit ) , it seems so . 
  what 's your point ? 
  without that check you mentioned in place , we could probably see some pretty cool military shit in the next decade or two . 
  never thought about it that way . 
  not considering the elections the us has had to suffer through in recent years . 
  some say it 's still here . 
  i had a roommate who had it done as an adult ( in college ) and he definitely had pain issues ( not during surgery but the healing process thereafter ) . 
  just an account that follows me around and harassed me . 
  pay no mind . 
  same . 
  my argument is that is is n't * mine * and i do n't want to remove anything from my hypothetical son without consent . 
  sure , it 's a more painful and traumatic experience in adulthood , but i would have rather had a choice . 
  it 's definitely strange over here . 
  i was getting pushback from family , yes . 
  this is why i had daughters . 
  not a trace . 
  the washington post does not have a good reputation domestically lately after being so fast and loose with facts . 
  i 'm not surprised in your comment . 
  what did i say that was irrational ? 
  i 'm not angry . 
  is your search function broken ? 
  i 'm not your tutor . 
  it 's incredibly easy to find the premium increase numbers and to understand why all the big players are slowly leaving the government exchanges ( which was barely reported in america so it was admittedly easy to miss ) things have n't worked out well . 
  my state 's medicaid expenses have gone through the roof , and my insurance coverage has gotten more expensive and offered less services or have become more restrictive every year since i quit academia and went to work in a clinical position at a hospital . 
  but what do i know ? 
  i just work in the industry and have first hand experience . 
  who says i 'm not interested in it ? 
  i love conspiracies ( obviously ) . 
  i 'm much more interested in the uninformed citing the jar as * evidence * when it has ** none ** . 
  that is a far bigger conspiracy . 
  have you read it ? 
  the question is their involvement in the first place . 
  because there 's no proof of any of it . 
  just unnamed intelligence officials saying things to our media outlets . 
  it is legal to propagandize the domestic public in the usa . 
  reality , man .
