i pretty sure that all the elements appeared on this conflict sub as soon as the jet was downed . 
  you can find reports of the locals for the buk position and radio interceptions for the rebel realising they downed an airliner . 
  ... are these the * social media reports and youtube videos * marie harf references [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/#/watch?v=oqrvinebeok ) ? 
  no reason that could be doctored or made up ...  that is if you are not one of these `` where is my proof '' from st petesbourg . 
  ... ah yes . 
  be sure to preemptively poison the well regarding anyone who states an alternative view as a putinbot . 
  tell me - what did the preliminary dsb report say ? 
  happy to be a part if it . 
  fair enough . 
  was mclovin ' taken ? 
   this is money well spent . 
  as was the acquisition of submarines . 
  sure . 
  because what the world really needs more military presence . 
  this will solve everything . 
   if you care about wasted money you should be calling for more transparency and denouncing corruption and the favouring of particular enterprises . 
  false equivalence fallacy . 
  this can be done without spending money upgrading a naval fleet ( or certain aspects of it ) . 
   it was good that we got the submarines . 
  it was bad that he deal was shady . 
  likewise it was bad that we lost so much money with bpn , with ges , with ridiculous ppp 's yadayadayada . 
  i 'm sure this deal will be free of corruption and will benefit the taxpayers immensely . 
   there were shady deals in education ( parque escolar , magalhes ) but that does n't mean we should n't be spending money in education . 
  throwing money at a problem rarely helps ( if that is the only strategy ) . 
   slovenians went up in arms when it was leaked that gmo cereals might get labeled as '' new generation '' and thus circumvent strict gmo regulations . 
  that made half the populace froth at their mouths . 
  rightfully so . 
  i 'm trying to champion a localvore movement around here and it is working . 
  this is just a natural , pragmatic way to oppose the gmo stuff ( imo ) without sounding like a crazy conspiracy theorist . 
  and i feel much better since making the switch . 
   btw , most of the outrage geared toward gmos is based on economic and environmental reasons not on how safe they are as a food . 
  seems reasonable to me . 
  i should try this one on worldnews when i say something is propaganda and get downvoted . 
  we do n't know what 's in it , but certainly our rulers would never negotiate something against their constituents best interests !, 
  just because they say it 's news does n't mean the have a monopoly on it . 
  although they seem to have convinced most of you otherwise . 
   ** february 25 2015 **, 
  looks like you 've come a long way since being a procrastinator [ here ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/askacademia/comments/20qnwb/im_desperate_and_freaking_out_my_advisors_cant/?sort=hot ) !, 
  that 'll at least get me started . 
  thank you kindly !, 
  care to debunk it ? 
  the chemical weapons the us was quick to blame on assad and used to try and initiate air strikes was investigated and found not to come from the * regime * ( or government , if you will ) ... 
  thank you . 
  does anyone know where i can find the data for current sea level rising ? 
  i have found reports of projections and trends but no real hard data . 
  this is something you will certainly regret !, 
  forgive me , but before i unload on your proverbial ass ... 
  i usually ask like , two questions , just to get a feel for you and to gauge how much you 've read about ( so i do n't bore you ) and also because i 've been working on this stuff for awhile and have taken a bit of pride to be able to explain things to people in creative yet efective ways , while trying to keep you interested and informed ( wow , rereading that i still sound like when i taught in college here in the states but it stays because i like making funof myself ) . 
  anywho : could you let me know where you 're from and how old you are ? 
  feel free to be as general as possible , as i undersand the appeal of pseudo-anonymity ( and it 's probably why you and i are here and not elsewhere anyway , right ? ) . 
  just a country of origin is good enough , really . 
  to go tit for tat , i 'm jim . 
  mid thirties , american male . 
  what do you know about american history ? 
  a cursory paragraph or two is more than enough ( like my last reply for example ) . 
  no need for specific dates and documents ( that 's my job ) . 
  let 's have some fun !, 
  meh , more a personal opinion than anything else that i will certainly elaborate on if you want . 
  it 's a minority view in the states ( born and raised admittedly , and have n't had a chance to travel across the pond yet but am hoping to see things in irl / r/europe within the next year or so . 
  i 've done an extensive amount of reading ( way too much , according to the wife ) about early american history and the politics surrounding the * federalization * of america in the late 1700s , and am of the particular view that the more concentrated the power structure , the less equal things tend to trend toward over time . 
  i see an attempt at a similar strategy now , in europe ( admittedly and outsider 's perspective ) , and am trying to consider not only the geopolitical ramifications , but the thoughts , fears , and concerns that the non-political class would have and face as power and decision making is concentrated further in brussels/basile/berlin / what-have-you , much like the crown colonies had to first deal with london and then washinton , dc . 
  i can elaborate further , if you want , but that 's the quick 2 minute version . 
  oh , i highly recommend them . 
  but only if you can read them and the anti-federalist papers side-by-side and see , in chronological order , which side actually had more foresight . 
  i pray you do not make the same mistake that my ancestors did . 
  sounds like a very historically similar script . 
  i hope you all choose wisely and wish you the very best . 
  times , they are a changin ' . 
  i usually just hide in the forest until the outside world gives me a reason to intervene . 
  well done !, 
   from people paying taxes ? 
  from increasing taxes if necessary ? 
  how much will others be willing to pay is my question . 
  surely there is a limit , no ? 
   do you really believe germany is not capable of finding money ? 
  and i did n't say anything like that . 
  just wondering if they can just turn on the printing presses like the american counterpart can and has done . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
   saddam was invaded specifically because of kuwait . 
  there is no debating this . 
  i certainly have not stated otherwise . 
  saddam was no longer useful . 
  we let him invade and we used this as an excuse to check his ass . 
   i did n't mean the eu acted officially in libya . 
  i meant countries in the eu spearheaded libya . 
  then stop fucking up . 
  we both know if i made a mistake like that you 'd keep hammering me for it . 
  good on you or owning up to it though . 
   how that translates to petrodollar bullshit is beyond me . 
  it does n't . 
  that was gw2 . 
  pay attention . 
   go ahead and point to the disgusting mod approved behavior that happens here in this sub . 
  ... that was you , not me . 
  and this sub ? 
  or / r/conspiracy ? 
  for someone who hates it you probably go there more than i do . 
   you 'd be hard pressed to find a bigger group of vile whackjobs than / r/conspiracy . 
  this place seems very jingoist lately - and you aparently need more mods because this sub turned into / r/immigration faster an you can say  putin invaded crimea !, 
   that sticky literally has links and stories about how the jews were the real people behind 9-11 .
