  targeted strikes against people like jihadi john tell us that they 're also in us 's knowledge . 
  the funding comes primarily from selling art works and oil below market prices , as well as the ksa . 
  so , the real questions are : why is the ksa still allowed to exist in its current form ? 
  why are n't the members of the is captured ? 
  why has no one proposed an economic boycott on the is funding sources ? 
  the war rhetoric is exactly as ludicrous when it 's used by hollande as when it 's used by the isis , and a military intervention raises many doubts ( what objective would it have ? 
  who would lead it ? 
  will russia cooperate ? ), 
  and one certainty : military contractors ' wallets will be fattened , i 'm not painting you as anything . 
  you 're just swallowing the kool-aid , which i do n't begrudge you . 
  i swallowed it in the past , and i ended up spitting it . 
  i wish it to you , too , if you do live in hungary . 
  fidesz also seems to be very well coordinated with the daesh . 
  borderless europe has nothing to do with how crime is dealt with . 
  apparently the intelligence services ( which , by the way , seem not to work together , if this bombing is an indication ) are too busy obtaining information of the common people to do their jobs and actually tail and stop the bombers . 
  maybe there are other priorities instead of closing the borders ? 
  like , yanno , coordination within the eu countries , obtaining help from the local muslim communities , actually doing police and intelligence job instead of revelling in the power fantasy of having all the citizens ' information at your disposal ? 
  they 're trying to feed us bullshit like that the bombings were coordinated via ps4 voice chat . 
  they will do everything to deny that they fucked up , that the extended surveillance powers they have since january do n't do shit and that they 're not doing their job . 
  the french intelligence chief should resign effective immediately , but you want to give them more powers , since they did n't fuck up badly enough the other day . 
  and yeah , the misery was there already . 
  the one who 's trolling is the one telling you that `` we ca n't accept the misery from the world '' when it 's already being created in the country . 
  if you want me to provide exhaustive data while on mobile , sit still and wait . 
  i will sleep once they 're not coordinated like clockwork . 
  [ are they ? 
  ] ( http://www.elist10.com/top-10-countries-lowest-recorded-crime-rate/ ) some of the top ten countries have a sizable muslim population . 
  the majority of these countries happen to be financial hubs and/or tax havens . 
  yup . 
  i 'm just trying to make these folks work out the process . 
  i ca n't speak about japan , but in south korea you 're not going to feel exactly welcome unless you wear a us army uniform . 
  the demographic pressure is changing that , though , as is the case in japan . 
  or maybe they knew that the czechs , poles and hungarians were fleeing themselves . 
  the fact is that if you do n't want migrants , you have to make your country a shitty place to live . 
  given that this is the stated goal of isis , i do n't see why the fn , fidesz and other clowns hell bent on the same goal should be supported . 
  so when everyone against the fn-isis axis is declared a terrorist , will they not suffer ? 
  so france accepted poor maghrebi workers in the 50s/60s . 
  the terrorists are the sons and grandsons of those . 
  why did the poles , hungarians or czechoslovakians not take those migrants in ? 
  so isis laughs . 
  that 's what they aimed for : express constitution reforms to make the regular citizen suffer , their fn allies likely in power , and europe divided . 
  thanks to a us president who has publicly gone against netanyahu 's policies and keeps him in check . 
  the next one , likely clinton , is not likely to continue the trend . 
  so what border controls will protect france against french and belgian strikers like the ones found out so far ? 
  do you earnestly believe it 's possible to prevent people from training in french soil ? 
  france is n't welcoming external misery , it 's generating internal one , fuelled by reactionaries like the fellow you quote . 
  refugees are orthogonal to that . 
  because the population which matters , the ones in control of the country , are colonists enabled by the usa . 
  how would closing the frontiers control the refugee situation ? 
  will they vanish like balloons if they 're told they ca n't enter ? 
  and what does catalonia have to do with anything ? 
  what new things would be tried with closed frontiers ? 
  we do know what the consequences of those are . 
  plus the feeling of being othered that comes with the continuous checks . 
  europe , an entire continent , should learn from a diminutive , ultra aggressive us colony . 
  we 're having laws and political actions passed based on religious principles , religious funerals are being hosted for the victims , the church 's interference in daily life is continuous ... 
  but that does n't count because they 're not brown , which is the real issue policy makers are having . 
  this should be the moment where we cast every abrahamic religion out of our policy , but the is and its fifth column the front national and allies are going to devolve us to the xiv century . 
  the quotation marks should tell you something . 
   calling that `` france '' as you did is a blanket statement that does n't dare go into specifics . 
  i call it `` france '' because it 's in france . 
  the brainwashed beliefs are being swallowed in france , the ghetto lies in france , etc. 
  they do n't see themselves as anything : in fact , the is provides them the chance to do so , because in france , they 're not enfants de la patrie and their jour de gloire is never going to arrive . 
  so you mean he was born in france , along with other guys born in france , and was indoctrinated by french wankers reading the internet ramblings of foreigners , funded by saudi money . 
  instead of selling me clickbait videos , you could do well observing your reality . 
  there is simply no interest in a federal european union among the people in power . 
  the eu is as powerful and relevant in the general populace 's life as the iso . 
  a decade in which there have been no significant advances towards a united european country ? 
  where 's the joint army ? 
  where 's the joint foreign policy ? 
  what role do the uk and ireland have ? 
  are the new members at the same gear , policy-wise ? 
  is the european commission somehow democratic now ? 
  if you believe we 're any closer to the european united states now , i could sell you that rock to live under . 
  it was also an absolute monarch who deported him in the xix century . 
  so , in order to `` show maturity '' we need to relinquish all our liberties and put a `` firm and harsh ruling hand '' in power . 
   it makes no sense to implement a measure , which by design will predominantly target innocent people . 
  it is if you think like the is . 
  that 's why its colleagues in europe ( fn , fidesz and the like ) want us all to suffer . 
  who 's trying to build a new nation state ? 
  do you really think that 's the end goal of the european union ? 
  you people seem greatly intent on forgetting that the guy whose toe was recovered is french . 
  what if the terrorists are european , as they highly likely are in this case ? 
  some of them do n't protect freedom of speech in the first place . 
  well ... 90 % is . 
  a government is supposed to keep people prosperous and secure . 
  the rest is up to the citizens . 
  apparently the chief of the foreign policy committee does . 
  except that assad came to power in a stable , more or less agnostic , multicultural country , and now the intervention of the us-eu christian axis has propped up the islamic state ... just like the muyahideen were financed by said christian axis to turn a more or less stable , agnostic , multicultural country into a pashtun-dominated , fundamentalist hellhole . 
  maybe it 's time to demand that our governments support people who do separate religion from the state . 
  however , it seems much easier to bring a fundie who wrecks the country . 
  because the is is just one head of the hydra . 
  state-backed , amply funded religious proselitism is a larger issue . 
  what do i have to suggest ? 
  are you one of those who want `` something !!!! '', 
  to be done , regardless of whether it makes sense or not ? 
  how about forbidding foreign states to fund temples ? 
  instead of the ksa sending his wahabi minions , the mosques would be built by the very own faithful , which would improve their integration . 
   of course this is never will be implemented . 
  no shit . 
  france deporting french citizens would be a tough cookie : st helen is n't fit for that .
