  which should say something to you lot who cheer for mass surveillance . 
  there are other thousands , tens of thousands of files that are also being ignored right now . 
  it 's not that it 's `` politically incorrect '' to jail every kid with a maghreb/levant background : if anything , you lot would agree with that and legitimise the arrests . 
  the fact is that it 's simply impossible to do so . 
  even erd\u00f6gan needed a failed coup to mass-incarcerate people . 
  daesh is not a nation , it 's a terrorist cult . 
  i was more about the `` treason '' charges you whipped up all of a sudden . 
  i 'm even surprised you did n't use the old `` high treason '' moniker . 
  it seems to me he did . 
  username checks out . 
  you 're fine with getting people [ who have had no trial ] ( http://www.cbsnews.com/news/11-years-in-guantanamo-without-trial-or-charges/ ) sent to a secretive facility where there stripped of every one of their rights . 
  you 're also fine with a mass surveillance system which has proven largely ineffective in dealing with the actual issues and greatly effective in [ hacking the computers and mobile devices of operatives ' spouses , lovers and love interests . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/loveint ) it seems clear to me that you do n't envision yourself affected by any of the two . 
  voting their allies into power wo n't help . 
  that 's what we are certain about . 
  he committed a terrorist act ... but it was his first . 
  there was no evidence which , presented to a judge , would have made this judge arrest this guy before the act , which is why he was n't arrested already . 
  you 're calling for `` preventative arrests '' here . 
  `` conspiring against the country you were born in '' is a very loose thing , especially in the hands of populists . 
  a le pen victory could perfectly end up with reforms of the criminal law system where opposing le pen is `` conspiracy against the state '' with 25 years in prison and withdrawal of the nationality as a result . 
  they 're going to get a lot of god 's help alright . 
  i 'd argue that 's the most business-as-usual part of all this . 
  i do n't think he staged the plot . 
  however , allowing a poorly conceived plot to come up and foiling it to boost your standing is old as dirt , and to my knowledge it 's been done in this very century by hugo ch\u00e1vez fr\u00edas . 
  he 's a religious fanatic who 's taken upon his shoulders to reshape his country . 
  that disdain towards human life is common among his ilk . 
  what would you , almighty redditor , have done ? 
  a coup is supposed to be something where you incapacitate the state 's mechanisms to decide while you supplant them with your own . 
  in this case , scaring erd\u00f6gan away was a shortcut to do that . 
  if you do n't do it and you do n't have overwhelming external support , the coup is going to fall spectacularly . 
  that 's only true of some of erdogan 's friends . 
  the isis seems to win supporters even while using the tactics they do . 
  well , it did n't affect the popularity of the respective leaders in the slightest . 
  people in big countries generally do n't vote with foreign policy in mind . 
  i remember spain and the us cheerleading the coup in venezuela against ch\u00e1vez . 
  there was also the honduran shady coup ... 
  it 's more that in turkey religious conservatives and nationalist ones do n't see eye to eye , and erdogan is reshaping the country to bridge that gap . 
  the military are not progressive in the least , they just worship atat\u00fcrk instead of muhammad . 
  erd\u00f6gan told them to go to the streets against tanks and helicopters and they 've done so . 
  he 's also the president chosen with a large majority . 
  this has shown turkey 's civil courage , even if it 's to support the rankest of buffoons . 
  they knew what the risks were , and blood is in their hands anyways . 
  in french and spanish we use what would be an equivalent of unitedstatesians . 
  ch\u00e1vez was effectively deposed by the army in caracas but he counter-maneuvered . 
  the initial happenings do not tell us the whole story . 
  our corrupt leaders are not usually in the business of having people killed . 
  we can not vote them again though . 
  this guy was recorded using his ministry 's resources to dig for dirt against political rivals and he 's still not sacked . 
  there 's a huge , and growing , disconnection between urban and rural zones . 
  back when the law was passed the church managed to mobilize more than a million people against it , all bussed in to madrid . 
  lgbt flight to the cities is quite obvious . 
  additionally , spain has done its darnedest to attract lgbt tourism which was made all the easier by the legal change . 
  deals like spotify are different , in that they are just a discount offered to you if you sign up , without further relevance to your data consumption . 
  the fact is that the independence question in catalonia is not unlike the scottish case . 
  if catalonia was entirely guaranteed its continued membership in the eu with independence , they would jump for it right away , just like scots would . 
  his voters are anti-catalan independence ( and some of them anti-catalan period ) . 
  they do n't care about scotland one way or the other . 
  in spain the chief of the public broadcasting agency is chosen by parliament with a simple majority . 
  zapatero changed the law to force a 3/5 majority ( which would require consensus between large parties ) but rajoy changed the law right away and our parliament appointed a guy with politics very close to pp 's . 
  the news bulletins of rtve used to be the most watched with a difference , and now they 're in third place . 
  that rajoy can scare his constituents into voting for him better than cameron does n't mean he 's not the current pm . 
  it 's an heir of the venerable tradition of the * punch * magazine . 
  franziskaner , the best white beer of germany . 
  cheaper phone costs and easier travel are capital economic issues , you know . 
  how come ? 
  the andalusian regions which are not neighbors also show record figures of unemployment . 
  c\u00e1diz in particular is not exactly eden . 
  dude , please read about the spanish civil war . 
  the republican government was established and survived the coup attempt : what made the war viable for the rebels was the unlimited support of the axis powers . 
  without a vote . 
  the treaty between china and the uk established that hong kong would be given for 150 years , and it was returned after 150 years . 
  let 's sidestep that !, 
  iberian federation !, 
  to illustrate how relevant gibraltar is to spanish policy , let it be known that the province neighboring it ( c\u00e1diz ) has figures of unemployment approaching 40 % . 
  they already have ireland , the hub for many us corporations . 
  they do n't need scotland per se . 
  well , he already served as president of the imf . 
  well , if you ca n't distinguish between youth unemployment and general one ... 
  unemployment has been above 20 % in spain with the peseta , too . 
  having your own currency is nice and all , but it does n't change the larger picture . 
  one day it 'll be like the spanish galicia and the eastern-european galitzia . 
  but today is not this day . 
  actually dice is owned by ea . 
  truth be told , it was too expensive to ship or breed bulls here so it never caught on . 
  the real canary problem are the cockfighting rings which are still legally protected . 
  what comes after erdogan ? 
  actually i 'm from the canary islands . 
  they were , indeed , the first territory to forbid bullfighting before catalonia :d, 
  how do we know europe ? 
  it 's the maintenance of the status quo , which is unsatisfactory . 
  it is because of being pro-eu that the current eu leadership makes you facepalm . 
  those who 're tasked with steering the common european project are too busy profiteering . 
  by that point they would n't really have much to lose . 
  and then russia will be withdrawn from sale . 
  the place of origin of what we understand as flamenco is andalusia , though . 
  i 'm not trying to shove the stereotype on you , but pointing out that it 's senseless to apply them to all of us when even a large amount of andalusians do n't partake in the custom . 
  the custom of bull fighting in plazas is also stronger there than in other parts of spain where they tends to use the bulls in the streets ( correbous , encierros and the like ) . 
  it reads like the reality i 've seen in my country . 
  throngs of sexual abuse victims blame themselves and are blamed by their environment , and handle their ptsd in unhealthy ways which are greatly influenced by the beliefs which underlie our society . 
  have i spoken to boys and girls who 've tried to commit suicide after being bullied by their classmates ?
