if they have to import them from japan and they 're uncomfortable talking to asians that would explain it . 
  you mean the bible , which means book of books in ancient greek , is a text that may have been adulterated, 
  arabic handwriting can be incredibly beautiful , but i imagine myself writing it and i wager i 'd start a war ... 
  75 degrees according to siri . 
  in general napoleon sen to rule his client states people who were supposed to act like his minions but they either turned against him ( bernadotte ) or were very hard to work with , because they placed their own subjects above their brother ( joseph , louis bonaparte ) . 
  they do , and they get beaten by the cops to the cheer of the taurinos when it happens . 
  there are concrete versions of these blockers used in roads , but obviously they are there permanently . 
  these are blocks used for temporary events . 
  i 'd rather have my meat weak and wobbly, 
  i 'm not talking about independent ist movements from inside the country . 
  the regions without one have also sucked been dry by this failure . 
   baffled at how many people find the struggle to protect and prolong the existence of a nation meaningless . 
  there comes a time in history where the common folk of a country realises that . 
  if you 've not reached that point yet , you will . 
  we did it a century ago . 
  the funds get distributed to local institutions . 
  a typical example that has been enormously `` popular '' in spain is to use eu money for the professional formation of the unemployed which then vanishes into thin air after going through the public employment service . 
  but that 's insane troll logic . 
  migrations are one of the constants of humanity . 
  whoever tells you they can stop immigrants is lying . 
  but then it 's the fn-like groups which go on hunts to kill gay people . 
  it seems like a rather bizarre pursuit of one 's self interest versus , say , supporting the possibility of durable , stable relationships . 
  so is the sachsen-coburg-gotha family , aka the windsor house . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/12103602/america-to-investigate-russian-meddling-in-eu.html it 's widely known that putin does n't simply offer press coverage . 
  the ascension of the french national front is indivisible from the leaps in funding it has benefited from . 
  with the exception of a couple of medium-layer politicians and the fall guy rodrigo rato , mostly everyone is either still in their original place or they 've been sent to the senate ( where they were voted in office again in 2015 ) in order to get immunity and stall the procedures against them . 
  i 'm just saying that corruption and democracy are not necessarily at odds . 
  there was already a one-issue left-wing party which made a lot of noise about corruption and it made third , behind the popular party and the psoe ( socialdemocrats ) who are in the middle of a giant corruption scandal of their own in the region they 've controlled since 1978 . 
  they also won the last election in said region by a landslide . 
  spain 's popular party has seen corruption scandals in every possible layer of the party , as well as local , regional and national administrations , both in isolation and in sophisticated multi-level schemes , also implicating the largest nationalised bank 's president ( former economy minister with the pp ) and different executive boards , with money being siphoned into pork barrel projects , shady campaign financing and tax havens . 
  they still had the largest vote count in the elections of 2015 , by far . 
  insert churchill quote `` the enemy is behind you '' . 
  i read it . 
  meanwhile , [ studies conducted in france ] ( http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/europpblog/2013/01/31/muslims-france-north-africa-senegal-discrimination/ ) point to different conclusions . 
  with any other group of people it is accepted that poverty and school failure are not merely failures of the individuals , but socially driven processes . 
  surprisingly enough , the one social group with which this approach is not used and which is instead penalized and criminalized is more prone to join a cult which tells them `` you have no future in earth , so you may well earn your retribution in heaven '' . 
  why would one take a cult at face value ? 
  the second generation saw that their parents , who were hard working , respectful and discrete about their religion , got fucked in the job market anyways . 
  where 's the incentive exactly ? 
  i do prefer dutch girls . 
  they do n't prefer me :(, 
  switching to snapdragon processors , which are the de facto standard for every non-android platform so far , makes the phones much easier to flash ( and also more expensive ) . 
  modularity is a design decision : it is n't prohibitively more expensive to make a modular phone than to bury it in tape . 
  the majority of brands do not make modular phones because they 're a commodity which is much easier to replace entirely . 
  it 's likely that the success of the first fp allowed them to make the actual product they should have sold in the first place . 
  still , they deceived the entirety of the early backers who supported a much different phone than what was released . 
  fairphone 1 was a standard chinese smartphone with the same closed source software as everyone else , with a certificate for the minerals and with four times the price . 
  they never tried anything except lining their pockets . 
  there seems to be no way to make people see that they 'll swim the danube upstream like salmons if they think it 'll get them to a better life . 
  there 's also the often overlooked fact that it implies a basic inequality before the law to punish crimes differently according to the origin of the criminal . 
  lesbos is a greek island , though , not a nation itself . 
  last i heard the mostly traditional locals were n't too happy to have the association made . 
  til military actions are decided by `` everyone '' and not military brass and contractors . 
  you 're welcome . 
  as long as it is displayed , someone will . 
  might as well be me . 
  all that has come out of this conversation is your ignorance . 
  i do n't consider that a victory in any sense . 
  i understand the proper meaning of words , which is why i use them in their context . 
  we 're discussing the economics of being a housewife/husband . 
  nonsense is what you 're spewing here , where doing a job that has market value is suddenly not a job because of some inner workings of your feeble brain , which seemingly ca n't grasp the notion of the [ double burden ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/double_burden ) either . 
  do not blame me for your shortcomings and your delusions . 
   are we redefining the english words as well now ? 
  it 's not my fault that you use the improper words . 
  the maxwell demon is a term , and it 's not the term we usually associate demons with . 
  in economics , unemployment is the condition of the people who , while being willing and currently offering their labour in the market ( that is , they 're part of the active population ) do not find a job to perform . 
  housewives and househusbands , as people who are not offering their labour in the marketplace ( that is , they 're not part of the active population ) , ca n't be counted as unemployed . 
  this is also the case of full-time students and retirees . 
  only those who are offering their labour in the market and not finding a job are unemployed . 
   again , redefining words to suit your purpose . 
  a job is a paid position of regular employment . 
  that 's the definition of the word . 
  look it up . 
  there 's the thing : domestic work appears explicitly as a job ( live-in domestic personnel , child care , elderly care ) and also as something done outside of the market . 
  the job exists , and it 's done , regardless of the contractual status of the people involved in it . 
   its economic consequences being ? 
  opportunity costs for the house-bound member ( non-earned wages , promotions , seniority ... ) . 
  i 'm not going to tell you about the hardships of a position i 'm not in , but there are many that can educate you . 
  women ( and men ) who work and handle their kids are basically working double-shifts , which is why every innovation that allows for less rote housework and more quality time with kids is greatly welcome . 
  if they do n't have a paying job and are not seeking one they 're not unemployed . 
  they 're not part of the active population . 
  that said , raising a family is a job . 
  that we do n't attribute economic value to it except for social circumstances does n't deprive from its toil , its need of capital tools or its economic consequences . 
  the money you saved . 
  whether you had kids or not , elderly care costs money . 
  i linked to the piece of news and not the manifesto directly because it contains an english translation . 
  you can see the original manifesto in http://noasusguerras.es, 
  thing is , the guys who did the thing in paris were french and belgian . 
  no need to deploy an army for anything . 
  the notion that isis is a primary military threat is false . 
  what troops are in grave danger ? 
  did n't they sign up for that anyways ? 
  incompetence will kill them , not doing their job . 
  there 's this thing called capturing and taking the guys to justice . 
  granted , the french intelligence services have n't been stellar in doing their job here , but maybe they can redeem themselves and grab the folks . 
  sending jets to bombard an enemy with no aa equipment is the easy way to pander to those who want `` something ! '', 
  to be done . 
  no , i 'm not talking about the fake patriots ( of which there is a catalan equivalent as well , the trabucaire ) . 
  i 'm saying that catalonia contains and augments everything that is in spain . 
  * spain has a corrupt government : in catalonia the corruption is even stipulated in a percentage .
