  do we want to set up mass surveillance systems so that the workers can [ spy on their spouses/lovers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/loveint ) ? 
  it 's not worse than anything we 've seen before . 
  madrid and bali suffered greater death tolls , and spain has mostly not changed its stance about things ( it helps that we have two muslim-majority cities since the 14th century ) . 
  he came from corsica to undermine the french dominion over his motherland . 
  they 've had two decades at this point to adapt to the needs and wants of their customers . 
  however they still want to keep operating as though they were moving paper sheets around the world . 
  the publishing industry must not die , the current big figures certainly have to . 
  alas , the police has shown its limits . 
  they 've alienated the muslim populations , they 've asked to hack into phones , they 've shown their complete inability to cooperate with each other ...  deep rooted cultural change is what needs to happen to solve this issue and yes that generally comes from the citizenry . 
  it 's not something you can legislate . 
  no , but it 's something that can be imposed to you . 
  the secular regimes in syria and iraq were deposed by us-backed islamists . 
  the feudal regimes in saudi arabia , bahrein et al are allies of the usa . 
  turkey is still a nato member . 
  egypt and tunisia have also been shaken . 
  isis was funded with seed capital from the us as the current frontrunner for the presidency has admitted . 
  maybe instead of deep-rooted cultural change , what is needed is to stop bringing cultists into positions of power from which they can affect the culture of a country . 
   i do n't think i 'm the one in the minority . 
  i think the majority of people are concerned and taking this issue seriously , at least where i live . 
  terrorist cults are not new and they 've been crushed in the past with no need of vague `` calls to action '' . 
  if anything , you should be asking your government to pursue the avenue which pays off : following the money . 
  no , you can talk about it all you want . 
  being taken seriously is something else , though . 
  do you agree that you have to proactively police your fellow citizens ? 
  this is not a matter subject to any kind of democratic control . 
  muslims in european countries are being criminalised and all we get are terrorist alert changes , laws to allow even more intrusion into our daily lives and a big wall of silence . 
  how is discussing the threat consequential if we have no information , no means of opposition and no way to make the decision makers accountable ? 
   me personally ? 
  very little . 
  can you do something about the usa backing every single theocratic nutjob between the indic ocean and iran ? 
  turkey buys oil from isis and there are hundreds of rich saudi backers behind them . 
  if you can , please do something about it . 
  odds are that you ca n't . 
  `` the full cooperation of the muslim community '' is a way to shift the burden of policing onto the citizenry . 
  as long as the people who finance them are unchecked , we 're stuck with them . 
  if you go against those who fund the cult it vanishes , if you do n't it grows . 
  ask yourself who they are and who are they allied with . 
  unless they attend the occasional unemployment training course which everyone knows is bullshit so that they do n't lose the benefits , you mean . 
  you just got memed away . 
  the canaries have always had 20 % + unemployment in general , it 's just that during the real estate boom loads of young people stopped attending high school to earn money hand over fist on construction work . 
  once the market went bust they were out of a job and they 're not qualified to enter the already saturated job market . 
  you only need so many waiters , chambermaids and cashiers , which is the sort of job that one can see around . 
  loads of people are not even integrated in the market system , they just grown their own food and subsist that way . 
  the french high command 's insanity of keeping the flow of troops towards attacking hougoumont , a position which was easily defensible , while starving the more successful generals of much-needed men should not be understated either . 
  tourism is real . 
  its ability to generate sustainable development and links with other high-productivity industries is not . 
  the communities with a higher proportion of their gdp stemming from tourism are also the communities with the highest unemployment and lowest gpdpc . 
  you need to establish that there is a pattern first . 
  that requires for a pattern to exist in the first place : how do you establish a pattern for someone unemployed , or someone who does n't earn regular wages but does things here or there ( like a down-on-his-luck trucker ) ? 
  if you can predict someone 's activities reliably they were never a threat in the first place . 
  the argument is old as dirt . 
  there are no really available means to control my * relevant * activity . 
  the guy with the truck in nice was controlled , but you ca n't simply predict that he 'll enter a truck and drive it against a crowd . 
  no echelon or five eyes are going to stop that , because they do n't have the means . 
  treat me like an adult , and i 'll do the same for you . 
  sure they are . 
  i 'm sure you overexerted that software of yours by finding that out . 
  that dastardly hacker , 4chan , yes , i know the tale . 
  use your fucking software and tell me where i am and what am i doing right now . 
  while you 're at it , show me the recordings of my voice that are available . 
  i 'm one of the easiest people to track . 
  what am i doing right now ? 
  come on , use your software . 
  yes , with the idea that british voters did n't vote for making hungarian citizens ' lives in the uk harder . 
  it 's important to run the campaigns early in order to nip issues at the bud . 
  otherwise you find yourself in front of a legal text you ca n't alter much and you have to swallow the crap . 
  frankly i would n't mind . 
  especially since accessing the eec we could be operating as one country and no one would be the wiser . 
   strengthening local authorities [ that 's against the constitution ] ( https://www.thespainreport.com/articles/638-160216233313-spain-s-constitutional-court-suspends-catalan-decree-creating-regional-foreign-ministry ) . 
  the current autonomy statute is basically as much as they are going to get , and it also got fiercely contested by the pp back in the day . 
  [ except when they 're hungarian , apparently ] ( http://hungarytoday.hu/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/6sohrcpy6iwqcgg8s.jpeg ) . 
   how many countries have participated in creating safe zones in syria ? 
  sounds like a question , to which you answered in the negative . 
  the constant state of fear is fabricated , and explicitly plays into isis and the fn 's goals . 
  i live in spain , where eta killed more than 800 people during its whole run , and we still got to be a great touristic country which is enormously safe today . 
  since we have statistics 15 years ago , more women have died at the hands of their husbands / partners than during eta 's 40 year activity . 
  during our short lived real estate boom more construction workers died due to negligent behaviors from workers and businesses than eta killed . 
  the induction of the military in the basque country ( which was done during the francoist period of eta 's activity ) did n't help : it was proper policing , arresting the financial backers and getting international help . 
  i 'm not sure what 's that different with this terrorist cult that other approaches that do n't work should be pursued . 
  france is also really safe . 
  lack of safety is indeed something else , like getting your house pounded over and over again by fighter-bombers . 
  i 'd ask you that instead . 
  you 've seen what is happening in turkey , with the president willing to reinstate the death penalty and having arrested tens of thousands . 
  what is [ fundamentally different in the front national ] ( http://europe.newsweek.com/marine-le-pen-calls-bring-back-death-penalty-after-paris-shooting-297742 ) ? 
  with a sufficient majority every single legal definition can change . 
  everyone can be a traitor and every traitor can receive the death penalty . 
  that should be known , especially in * france * . 
  the sauds and the turks are much easier targets , and more relevant to this problem . 
  squeeze the sauds and the ruling turkish party and the `` nation '' and the `` economy '' crumble . 
  they 're laughing at the world at this point . 
  your daughter can also get killed in a massacre happening overseas , or in a much more probable car crash stemming from drunk driving . 
  fear to the abstract is learnt , and since you 're scared and unwilling to do anything about your fear , you 'll likely transmit her your feelings of fear and powerlessness , and then she will live in her own state of fear , where not even you will be able to reach her . 
  fear breeds lies . 
  and yes , if you have to ask me , bombing the civilians who remain in syria is not a good strategy . 
  you can get buried in articles which tell you the aftermath of `` mistaken '' plane or drone bombings , with a death toll that dwarfs all the strikes which have happened in europe combined . 
  they are a saudi satellite and it 's turkey , the oil companies buying cheap materials , and saudi millionaires who are bankrolling the whole thing . 
  if you want them to call that an economy and have them join the un though , that 's your opinion . 
  we already have enough cults in control of states as it is . 
   had authorities done their job they would have found that evidence of course , there are always ways to make people confess crimes , no matter whether they committed them or not . 
   he was just a kid whose file was shoved under the rug by bureaucrats .
