  have i seen them blame themselves , and `` trying to be strong '' while they 're dying inside ? 
  are they guilt-tripped into not seeking help ? 
  for the most part , they are . 
  all these situations can be fueled by a mindset which rewards notions like suffering being good for its own sake , magic and charlatans being more helpful than clinical help , and a general distrust in the other person . 
  be a catholic in a catholic country . 
  suffer sexual abuse 3 . 
  have your environment blame you ( guilt and fear is the basis of your religion , as an abrahamic cult , after all ) 4 . 
  suffer ptsd 5 . 
  engage in suicidal ideation 6 . 
  feel more guilt and fear 7 . 
  become numbed and disconnected from your loved ones . 
  have your environment blame you . 
  feel more guilt and fear . 
  bonus points if the sexual abuse comes from a religious figure or religiously-connected authority . 
  torreero heetana flamenco - no mate , i come from a spanish region which was the first to outlaw bullfighting , and we 're not identified at all with merim\u00e9e-andalusian customs . 
  try again . 
  i only know the schleck brothers from your country . 
  if it was your first summer you ca n't really remember it . 
  if they do not worship the great leader du hour they 're always terrorists . 
  in 2000 the ira was still striking with bombs , war was raging in the balkans and israel was set to volatilise palestina with the blessing of the newly minted , highly pro-israeli dubya administration . 
  fukuyama was the butt of jokes by then . 
  funny enough in spanish it 's pastor . 
  the current spanish flag is associated to the fascist dictatorship and the corrupt monarchy . 
  many of us do not feel bound by it . 
  you have * been * rude , which is all right because i 'm not here to make friends . 
  the fact is that regions where people want to immigrate to do better than those which are deserted and where no one wants to go . 
  the island where i come from received a fairly large influx of venezuelan people who fled from chavez and maduro 's governments , and they have been able to create businesses and get jobs even in adverse conditions . 
  in reddit 's front page you can see this article about rural populations in america turning to fake disabilities to get on the dole : i can guarantee you that no migrant is looking forward to get stuck there , but in the cities where development and growth happens . 
  no , but many people around the world want to work and live in sweden , to the point that 20 million people could potentially live there . 
  i did n't , and it does n't matter , it 's also less qualified young people who leave because they see no future in spain . 
  if you ca n't understand that wealth ca n't be created without people i 'm not sure what to tell you . 
  i want more people to immigrate to spain because it would mean there are more opportunities , jobs and wealth that attracts more people and makes the young stay . 
  if spain was more prosperous i may have stayed . 
  what is so hard to grasp ? 
  salaries are low in spain . 
  i accepted a job which pays me like a human being in another country . 
  i wish that spain would be in a situation where people would want to work and stay there , instead of leaving in droves and paying a pittance to those who remain . 
  what 's there to get confused about ? 
  decreases the odds of the country imploding . 
  i already live abroad because the wage i would earn there is a joke in comparison to what i earn now . 
  i 'm not necessarily interested in getting 200 million people , it 'd be enough to have population growth in the first place . 
  spain has been kicking out people since the reconquista , it 's simply a fact of life that many of us have to go away every generation for one reason or another . 
  obviously that leads to the issue that a country which can fit 200 million people ca n't get past 45 . 
  was the country saved by her ordering the defenceless 40-year old general belgrano sunk outside of the british exclusion zone and her crew denied assistance , with 300 + dying ? 
  the fate of the uk rested upon strange factors . 
  yeah , only you can spout panegyrics . 
  i feel quite fine with myself . 
  it is only therefore , and because i do n't hate anyone , that i can speak like this . 
  the ones filled with hate is those who 're funding isis and their counterparts in the west who , like clockwork , appear to blame the refugees and the common people , also helping isis grow . 
  if that opinion makes me deranged or filled with hate , i 'll have to live with your judgement . 
  the fact is that isis gets money from somewhere , they do n't have a working economy full of exports right now . 
  assuming that the african continent can only supply minimal amounts of money ( troops could be a different issue ) , that the south american countries are largely unaffected and have only limited interests in the middle east , that japan , china and korea have also very little involvement , and that europe and the usa are not funding the is , we have only a couple of regional powers left . 
  it could be the folks whose dicks you clean in puerto ban\u00fas , iran , russia or israel . 
  none of the 4 , nor the usa , would surprise anyone in the slightest . 
  you 're saying stuff which plainly is n't true . 
  does a high-ranking politician have no privacy when they can hide their monies for decades without consequence ? 
  does a modern country get ungovernable if you get some top officials out of the way ? 
  not really , there 's a whole apparatus that actually does the things which remains unaffected . 
  those high-ranking officials are also unlikely to be scared by threats when they can profit from their post . 
  again , i 'm thinking about stalin in moscow . 
  i have little doubt that any high ranking official in spain could potentially have the same disregard for human life , including their own , that stalin did . 
  the pp had no trouble blaming eta for the deaths of madrid while the corpses were still warm . 
  you can not compromise them with fear , you instil fear in the populace which is the one that gets slaughtered . 
  at least in my country two ministers who had been in politics for decades had kept accounts in panama , also for decades , without being ever put in the spot about it . 
  additionally the ruling party had each and everyone of their top officials getting paid with dirty money , also hidden in a tax haven ( switzerland ) . 
  you 're trying to tell me that government officials are making some sort of sacrifice , and that may be so in norway but it 's hard to generalise the experience . 
   i 'm telling you you 're telling me a lot of things , that i 'm crazy , a fool and stupid for thinking that the folks who fund the cult and spread its power throughout the planet are as bad as the cult . 
  i hope you 're enjoying your summer trips to malaga . 
  so , you 're telling me that toppling the kleptocratic feudal monarchy whose citizens finance isis and the spread of a fundamentalist streak of islam would give way to isis , whose declared objective is to create a caliphate which sounds suspiciously like ... a kleptocratic feudal monarchy based on a fundamental streak of islam . 
  i 'm not seeing a lot of a difference . 
  as it is , it is a good assumption that every drop of oil that comes from the arabian peninsula will end up in isis 's hands in one form or the other . 
  many of those government officials are the same sort of folks that have untraced accounts in tax havens and commit crimes without getting punished . 
  the common citizen is the one whose every action and red cent is controlled . 
  they certainly have more privacy than you or i. 
  just starving them from revenue would help an awful lot . 
  they 're a kleptocratic feudal monarchy fed on oil money which funds isis . 
  for all effects and purposes , they * are * isis . 
  why should they keep receiving funds ? 
  not people in general . 
  normal people are targeted . 
  the kind of terrorism that is going on ( low-budget , high-impact ) strikes exclusively against the little people , while the british mps will be ready to travel to saudi arabia and close off some cooperation deal with a saud tomorrow evening . 
  they are not targeted , and they feel safe . 
   main street is n't specifically targeted by terrorists . 
  for not being targeted , they always happen to come for main street . 
  the 192 people that died in madrid were certainly not politicians or high-ranking people , nor were those who died in the 7/7 attacks , the disco in bali or the bataclan massacre . 
  stalin stayed in moscow when he could see german troops from his window . 
  having your representatives shield themselves behind later after layer of security is equal to seeing them flee in terror . 
  force against whom ? 
  certainly not against the ksa and sidekicks which fund these terrorists . 
  it 's funny that after all the fuckery involved to make iberia a slave of british airways it 's going to have to strengthen its position in spain . 
   one of the sz\u00e9kely autonomy initiatives is based on the model of the spanish autonomous community of catalonia that 's what i call backing the dark horse . 
  they have a working sense of sight . 
  it just rolls off the tongue !, 
  they 'll respond in their undecipherable german until you give up . 
  i 'd thought you 'd write a sad , pungent song about it . 
   but if you do n't even hear what he has to say , how the fuck are you going to argue against him ? 
  he has said it . 
  time and time again . 
  so did many before him . 
  loud and repetitive sounds wake people up from sleep , they do n't make arguments .
