   this measure should be designed to create an incentive for muslim community to police their own children and relatives properly . 
  where 's the incentive ? 
  you mean they 'll have an incentive not to get caught alive . 
  so , the intervention of the un-us tipped the balance of the civil war against assad 's forces , but there was no destabilization of syria . 
  are you really serious ? 
  there was no `` fanning the flames '' , there was a flamethrower brought and shot . 
  religious freedom is sacred . 
  therefore , it needs to be paid by its faithful and only by them . 
  large swaths of cash being given by foreign states such as the ksa and the vatican are radically incompatible with religious freedom . 
  if the youngster is born in a french banlieue from parents born in a french banlieue , where do you want to deport him/her ? 
  and why does the family pay for it ? 
  if you 're going to apply the same measures as an authoritarian kingdom , what exactly are you defending ? 
  so the funds to finance the `` syrian opposition '' came from the heavens ? 
  individuals in saudi arabia are funding isis . 
  meanwhile , saudi arabia funds mosques all over the world , which are used , among other ends , to bring people to the arms of isis . 
  will saudi arabia stop funding terror , or will it not ? 
  we need to stop the hypocrisy that comes with not following the money . 
  if the ksa wants mosques , it should at the very least sign treates akin to concordates , where we publicly can know what goes on , or not fund them at all . 
  in spain the muslim faithful pay for their own mosques and , guess what , there 's few issues . 
  the mosque where there have been more problems is the so called m-30 mosque , a huge one financed with saudi cash . 
  the muslims who pay for their own temples are also integrating themselves in the community by doing so . 
  that is the model we want , not have a semi-hostile foreign country paying clerics to spout idiocies . 
  that should also apply for the rest of the confessions : if you want your temple , pay for it . 
  centralised religions are not desirable , because they try to get a vicious grip on their faithful and they can easily bring the resources to do so . 
  you all seem to be pretty happy to ignore saudi arabia 's role in the situation . 
  syria was destabilized by groups funded with us and european money . 
  the `` no state authority '' situation does n't appear in a vacuum , but through direct influence of the us-eu allies . 
  destabilising syria disqualifies them from being able to bring it back into stability . 
  that 's what the syrians must do . 
  http://www.ushmm.org/wlc/mobile/en/article.php?moduleid=10005206 the protestant church was , at worst , apathetic about him . 
  the catholic church dissolved its controlled party ( zentrum ) to help him unite the right wing . 
  national socialist retaliation against individual priests and deeply religious groups such as the white rose does n't detract from the largely cooperative climate he found in the church . 
  would n't the poles currently living in western europe have priority , to rescue them from the evil pc culture ? 
  or do they not wish to be repatriated ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  however , steering it towards the conclusions you already had in mind before you were even born does n't seem too productive . 
  the kids and grandkids are usually not from the me , but have maghrebi and african ancestry . 
  we have only one country in the world named explicitly after a family : it may do us well to see what it does . 
  so you mean the terrorists are either refugees ( apparently the syrian passport found is someone else 's ) or native frenchmen . 
  that 's your point . 
  is it xenophobic to try to restrict a specific subset of refugees according to their nationality ? 
  i 'd say it is , at least , hostile towards those refugees , but that 's me . 
  i ca n't help you making those distinctions , and yes , it 's rather hard to make the distinction in a way that does n't belie other ideas behind it . 
  historically native french people are also the people that live in french colonies , that have been under france since the 17th century . 
  that includes also descendants of maghrebi folks , as well as the pieds noirs . 
  is albert camus a `` native frenchman '' ? 
  so now it 's the moment to see the is everywhere . 
  people talking about `` fifth columns '' now . 
  so , a fellow who 's been born and lived all his life is n't a native frenchman ? 
  it does n't matter at this point . 
  the racists will take the information as gospel even if it 's wrong . 
  he certainly counted with the official support of the protestant denomination and the catholic church . 
  why supplant those religions when they were working well together with his plans ? 
  your dates are quite off . 
  the actual turning point is the defeat of the almohads in the navas de tolosa ( 1212 ) , followed by the subsequent victories of ferdinand iii who took cordoba , seville and reached the southern coasts . 
  that does n't mean that there were n't still 250 years of islamic presence . 
  and even taking the focus away from spain ( which has still a large linguistic legacy from arabic ) , the ottomans were present in eastern europe until very recent dates . 
  there were regular embassies to islamic countries , fights against berber pirates , the crusades took place against islam ... to deny that islam had a decisive role in the configuration of europe is madness . 
  the almost sexual pleasure taken in the formulation of the sentence should get you thinking , yanno . 
  you were done quite a few messages ago . 
  `` barest basic human needs '' . 
  `` barest basic human needs '' , decided by whom ? 
  you , who are hostile against them ? 
  i mean , if we 're going through your fantasies we should be thorough in them . 
  what are the barest basic human needs of a detainee ? 
  i do n't think you 're advocating for providing them . 
   put em in a jail till they remember where they came from ( like australia does ) and provide only the barest basic human needs . 
  are we to believe that the barest basic human needs would be provided ? 
  you explained that you wanted to put them in jail and torture them . 
  how do you send people back to syria ? 
  given that many european territories have been in the hands of muslim empires and countries for centuries , and that they 've always been present as neighbors since before the concept of europe was formulated , it 's a certain thing that islam has been a part of european history . 
  confiscation is still taken once it 's been shown that there 's no payment . 
  it 's not a tax . 
  you can be taxed for owning something or for having that something generate economic activity . 
  if you lose that something , it 's not taxed , it 's ... confiscated . 
  that requires first that you do n't pay taxes . 
  confiscation is a punitive measure taken after not paying taxes , not a tax itself . 
  given that he 's spanish , he must be under the delusion that the fences in melilla were effective per se . 
  that 's not what `` confiscatory taxation '' means . 
  if you have something and it is taxed in such a way that you can not use it anymore due to the tax laid upon it , such taxation is confiscatory . 
  in this case , we 're talking of directly seizing assets , that is , straight confiscation . 
  if you 're confiscated , you 're not taxed . 
  what if they 're born in the country ? 
  people keep pushing the immigration angle , as though an operation that requires thorough planning and coordination between people who know the places to be struck can be executed by recently arrived foreigners who do n't know the city and who , theoretically in order to keep the refugee ruse , have been walking for a couple of months in terrible conditions . 
  the notion of `` fake refugees '' executing this action sounds at the very least implausible when you look at it seriously . 
  this is funny language . 
  it assumes that there 's a part of a society that , by virtue of a certain quality , is not part of said society , in spite of fulfilling all the same duties as the rest of the citizens . 
  not only that , it assumes that they 're especially delegitimized to exercise influence in that society 's policy , when democracy is supposed to extend participation to the different parts of society . 
  you do n't mind if some bored secret service agent looks at your stuff ... until it 's your spouse who 's doing it . 
  or until that police officer who 's supposed to look at you , appraise you and leave you alone shoots you in cold blood . 
  the `` nothing to hide '' idea is ridiculous . 
  you do n't need to hide anything to be struck . 
  tax is supposed to * not * be confiscatory . 
  s/he had the solution already before this strike happened . 
  in fact , before s/he was even born , she knew the solution . 
  what is stupid is to blindly accept the efficacy of mass surveillance with the results we have in hand : this attack was not a `` lone wolf strike '' , but the kind of organized stuff that leaves a trace . 
  this kind of attack is what counterintelligence is supposed to stop . 
  actual surveillance , the one that catches that trace , needs manpower behind it , people making assessments and generating stories : mass surveillance is a very lazy and error-prone way to gain leads . 
  the manpower to make sense of the amount of data that is currently collected does n't exist , and never will , because the amount of data to filter is too great . 
  furthermore even if there was enough manpower , the system is greatly error prone , and still subject to the manpower 's whims .
