  i 'm one of the 47 % of this country that * did n't * vote to leave the eu . 
  well considering there have been two referendums on the matter which were overwhelmingly in favour of british rule , it 's clearly not an occupation . 
  i do n't think you are understanding my point , the falklands is pretty much worthless in every way . 
  gibraltar is a key strategic point in the mediterranean . 
  unlikely . 
  semantics . 
  pretty sure in layman 's terms being a british overseas territory is being part of the uk . 
  what would you call it otherwise ? 
  fun fact : gibraltar has been part of the uk far longer than it has ever been part of spain . 
  there is no way that gibraltar would ever become part of spain in any near future . 
  if the uk government is dumb enough to fight a war over the falklands of all places , it 's a pretty safe bet this rock will remain british . 
  you are talking about someone who apparently has 22k comment karma from 3 comments which have a total of -176 karma . 
  nothing sketchy about that at all !, 
  none of this is surprising apart from the fact swedes use 13 % more electricity than americans ... 
  clearly as france , germany , spain , greece and poland also think themselves the least arrogant , and every single country thinks they are the most compassionate . 
  it also makes no sense to compare countries of vastly different populations as if they are the same size . 
  no one is comparing ` micro-nations ' . 
  gdp ( at ppp ) per capita is a standard measure of economic output . 
  obviously it is useless to compare a country to * one person * using per capita figures . 
  also - my figures were at ppp not nominal which accounts for your different list . 
  this map does n't account for population . 
  if it did the largest countries would be : 1 . 
  ireland 1 . 
  norway 1 . 
  switzerland 1 . 
  netherlands 1 . 
  sweden the first three have a larger gdp per capita than the us itself . 
  why are you not getting that a significant difference exists ? 
  this is a classic example of cherry picking . 
  ` no but this city/state/province is higher ' the murder rate in the us is far higher on average than any developed nation . 
  why is that ? 
  dont say well xyz town has a higher rate because we are talking about averages . 
  averages in case you did n't know let you take a lot of numbers and use some simple maths to give you the general indication of what is happening . 
  i doubt you 'd be banned from those places if you also explain why black people are far more prone to violence . 
  as for you point about food security i 'm not sure what you mean please explain . 
  there are no law about hunting guns in most of europe if that is your point , it 's mainly handguns and automatic weapons that are banned . 
  so you accept free access to guns , huge income disparity and institutional racism are big factors in us homicide rates ? 
  that 's refreshing to hear . 
  it 's pretty much the opposite of what you say , the ` left ' is all about those kinds of issues . 
  this map was originally just europe , someone put the us on the same colour scale on the side for comparison . 
  hence the graduation , because europe has far fewer murders than the us so more resolution in the lower number was needed . 
  it 's the same with london and north wales . 
  what is your point ? 
  it would be the same with europe if you were to spilt it further . 
  maybe you are forgetting that europe has twice the population of the us in a smaller area ... 
  as for your first comment , the closest level of administrative boundaries between the us and europe is regions . 
  as we have already discussed us counties are way too small and are the same as counties/districts/departments in europe . 
  you realise germany for example is a federation of states too ? 
  there is nothing special about the us . 
  why do you think of this only as something tourists should be aware or not of ? 
  the interest is the social , demographic , governmental reasons as to why there is such a stark ( and is is stark , comparing the supposed leader of the free world to virtually 3rd world countries is clearly not fair ) difference between broadly similar western democracies . 
  secondhand smoking is a poor example as it is ridiculously hard to study . 
  and again as above , it 's not all about people who come to the us being scared of getting killed it is about the reasons why there might be such a large disparity between the eu and us on this issue . 
   it obviously illustrates not a single murder rate , but murder rates across europe . 
  the closest equivalent to european regions is , as said before , us states . 
   it is marginal : these are tiny numbers , especially in relation to other states ; mexico 's border states next door have homicide rates exceeding 60 , and you are harping on a difference of 2 points between the us and canada 2 ` points ' difference is a 200 % difference , these are not percentage points but deaths by homicide per 100k citizens . 
  as for the last point , from what i watched of it that video is stupid in the extreme . 
  i 'll give you [ something ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrr1ncsvdng ) of equal journalistic integrity . 
   a more granulated map gives a more informative picture of homicide rates in america than a map that represents each state as a single uniform blotch of color . 
  this map is supposed to represent the murder rate in europe . 
  the us is there as comparison . 
  there is a reason it says * europe * at the top and was posted in / r/europe . 
  if you want a detailed map of the us there are plenty available . 
   even if it 's a single number that is meaningless to any traveler or resident . 
  the fact the us has just under 4 times the murder rate of europe is an interesting phenomena ... leading to questions about gun control , race , education , income inequality etc etc. 
  obviously a lot of people found it interesting . 
   marginally more homicides than europe err no . 
  a 400 % ( or there abouts ) difference is not ` marginal ' by any stretch of the imagination . 
    this is so pathetic . 
  if you go back and read your desperate attempts to downplay the fact the us has a stupidly high murder rate for any developed nation you 'll understand the definition of ` pathetic ' . 
  yes you are correct on 3.9 my apologies . 
  first of all you were ` look how big texas is compared to europe ! ', 
  now you are telling me it is ridiculous to compare on a countrywide basis ? 
  what the fuck are you taking ? 
  it applies both ways ... the murder rate is much higher in london than it is in cornwall , what exactly is your point ? 
  apart from the us is big so blehh or something ? 
  i really makes no difference . 
  the only thing that accurately represents the subject at hand is that the us homicide rate is 4.5 per 100k , in the eu it 's 1.1 . 
  aka you are over 4 times more likely to be murdered in the us . 
  size of country , region or state is completely irrelevant . 
  hardly . 
  you are suggesting the us be split in counties - which are far smaller than the regional splits on the european map in order that you can try to somehow get out of the fact by misrepresentation that the the us has 4 times the murder rate of europe . 
  the us is massively less populated so it makes no difference . 
  europe has twice as many people in a smaller area . 
  states are the nearest equivalent of european regions . 
  anyway the thrust of your argument seems to be to falsely make america look better than it is rather than an accurate representation , which i just gave you . 
  here you go http://i.imgur.com/twr3m6w.png the us does not look any better . 
  the only reason you think that makes the us look better is because there is no map of europe for comparison ... 100 % of the eu would be the first three colours , and 95 % of it would be the first one . 
  if you do n't believe just compare that map and the op . 
  yes someone has stuck the equivalent us version on the side . 
  the numbers/colours still correlate . 
  having a version with more graduation would not make the us look any better 41 of the 50 us states have a murder rate higher than 2.5 . 
  it would just make the worst states look even worse . 
  the average murder rate in the us is 4.5 ... 41 of the us states have a murder rate higher than 2.5 , so no . 
  this maps focus is europe , as it says at the top . 
  the us is there for context . 
  they probably did a us-centric version too . 
  the fact loads of people seem to think this is bizarre . 
  if 2.5-6 .99 were split into their own shades of blue it would make the us look just as bad if not worse . 
  average murder rate in the us is 4.5 per 100k the same for the eu is 1.1 .
