there is no official ranking of countries . 
  people just add it up themselves . 
  the nyt way of adding them up seems better via weighted medals . 
  gold = 4 , silver = 2 , bronze = 1 . 
  yes google would love to give up half it 's revenues i 'm sure . 
  ah yes that makes sense , i too feel the mighty oppression of the french normans who invaded england in 1066 . 
  set england free again !, 
  900 years of oppression . 
  ( who incidentally are the ones that invaded ireland in 1169 , not the english ) good lord , get a life and wait for your own history to develop instead of trying to steal other peoples . 
  the levels of your dumbness are unreal , i too could get a irish passport if i wanted one . 
  i did not vote to leave the eu nor am i a ` little englander ' in fact you bear all the hallmarks of exactly that kind of xenophobic mentality . 
  it is frankly scary that you are so nationalistic that it is n't even enough to be nationalistic for your own country you have to do it for others to which you do n't even belong . 
  england has done nothing to you , get a grip with your xenophobic ranting . 
  is that supposed to be some kind of trigger ? 
  i 'm a grown man . 
  unlike you it seems . 
  i 'm perfectly happy for ** scottish ** people to decide what they wish to do . 
  you are not scottish * or * irish , none of these * complicated * issues affect you in the slightest . 
  i 'm probably more irish than you are . 
  as i said before if you are looking for a cause find something you can actually understand that actually affects you instead of spouting nonsense on the internet in a desperate attempt to belong to a group you have nothing to do with . 
  ok firstly you are american , accept it . 
  scottish and irish people do not either need or want your support . 
  find your own battles , do n't try and take up other peoples because you have vague ancestral connections - the likelihood you also have english ancestry is pretty high . 
  secondly i now understand where this utter bullshit is coming from , people who let chips on their shoulders morph into full on fact denial are generally incredibly low iq - go read some books , go study something , it is n't too late . 
  thirdly england was and is a country calling it as such is not claiming to be ` something special ' - an incredibly stupid notion ( there 's a theme here ) . 
  the fact you spuriously claim that you can only be a ` proper ' country if you have a separate government is something very unique to you - not in any way accepted by anyone apart from crackpots with axes to grind . 
  i suggest you are a troll , because no normal person would sit for an hour arguing that england is not a country . 
  i 'm not sure why i 'm bothering but go [ watch this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnu8xdbsn10 ) if you still do n't understand - although how you could not just google this and find the answer in 10 seconds is bizarre . 
  country denial is a new one to me . 
  are you a flat-earther too ? 
   england is not a country you are either a troll for / r/shitamericanssay or you are completely retarded . 
  stop making the world think americans are dumb , they really do n't need people actively trying to do that . 
  firstly , england * is * controlled by it 's own government ( obviously ) . 
  england is made up of parliamentary districts , which elect mp 's which form a government . 
  secondly , soon as you are looking at the dictionary i suppose you must have seen the other definitions of country like : * a state or nation . 
  * the territory of a nation . 
  * the people of a district , state , or nation . 
  * the land of one 's birth or citizenship . 
  * rural districts , including farmland , parkland , and other sparsely populated areas , as opposed to cities or towns . 
  * any considerable territory demarcated by topographical conditions , by a distinctive population . 
  * a tract of land considered apart from any geographical or political limits ; region ; district . 
  again , why do you * try so hard * to be stupid ? 
  you must have better things to do with your day . 
  what in holy hell are you talking about ? 
  england is a country , just like scotland and wales . 
  they make up the united kingdom - which is a sovereign state . 
  does it take a lot of effort to be this wilfully dumb ? 
   england is n't even a country / u/bobbage 2016, 
   best language spoken by best country you are english then ? 
  ermm no thanks . 
  they should be moved to the falkland islands . 
  is he doing a sean connery eyebrow thing ? 
  you are living in the past . 
  much like the mostly old supporters of leave . 
  indeed , nationalism always ends well . 
  your arrogance personifies leave supporters . 
  your image of us is vastly inflated . 
  if the vote is leave , you will find out pretty quick that reality . 
  unfortunately if we want to trade with europe , the rules we need to ` kowtow ' to will remain exactly the fucking same . 
  except will will need to negotiate with someone we have just broken up with . 
  sorry to break it to you , britannia does not rule shit any more . 
  fyi this live feed is completely destroying my computer ... dunno if that is normal ? 
  really , who are the winners in the event of leave ? 
  do n't see any . 
  yes never mind the potential destruction of the union , a perpetual tory government , boris fucking johnson as leader of the country , a massive recession . 
  it 'll be fun to be smug on social media though !, 
  shame the uk economy is largely based on banking , lmao . 
  do n't confuse logic and british politics . 
  farage already making excuses and pandering to stupid conspiracy theories . 
  the french census does not collect information on ethnicity or religion . 
  so where did you get the bizarre 90 % of paris is black figure ? 
  spain is in the eu , which would be obligated to respond . 
  the uk is in nato which would equally be obligated to respond = world war . 
  dude , if we used nukes everything would be over anyway . 
  no matter where they were fired from . 
  the would be no economy . 
  firstly there will be no war , secondly spain is in no position to fight the uk in a war , that is insanity . 
  you realise the uk has nuclear weapons right ? 
  and a military budget twice that of spain . 
  in fact if you look the stats pretty much everything is double . 
  it is ridiculous that any war would be fought over gibraltar . 
  that would pretty much start a world war and the destruction of the human race as we know it . 
  yes , ok because british/uk is something everyone is going to know about . 
  semantics , as i said . 
  so why do n't you want to hold ireland to account ? 
  or why do n't you want to break ties with the far worse ( in terms of tax havens ) non-eu countries like monaco and switzerland ? 
  that 's why i say you are salty . 
  the eu could easily impose sanctions on those countries . 
  i do n't mean to be harsh or anything but spain is a bit part in any negotiation , the uk is the eu 's second largest economy after germany , if we can learn anything from greece it 's that money matters . 
  there will be a deal about gibraltar in some form and it definitely will not be it becoming part of spain . 
  not op but : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gibraltar_sovereignty_referendum,_1967 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gibraltar_sovereignty_referendum,_2002 by 99 % and 98 % respectively . 
  it 's interesting you assume i 'm a brexiteer , i voted to stay in the eu like half of the country , as for trump i think he 's a pathetic reality tv show host/snake oil salesman . 
  as for your last statement , the most likely outcome is as you said , a special status for gibraltar within the eu while it remains part of the uk . 
  hmm . 
  kind of salty response . 
  considering ireland , the netherlands etc. 
  you have a very optimistic view of world affairs considering the current situation . 
  no , i mean it can basically control anything that comes in and out of the mediterranean sea if needed . 
  are you honestly suggesting both referendums like 50 years apart were rigged ? 
  come on my dude ...
