excuses excuses . 
  that is why you 're not powerful , like us ... 
  haha i agree !, 
  perhaps their drunkenness is due to the fact ... 
  strange how none of their colonies became superpowers ... only we did . 
  i guess we 're just better . . 
  that 's the problem with your attitude . 
  if you want to be powerful you have to take it yourself . 
  i 'm pretty perceptive when it comes to these things, 
  you 're the type of person who would just let them kill you without fighting back, 
  they are hunting them down and surrendering since the french know nothing else . 
   you can only be at war worth another sovereign stage by international law . 
  [ citation needed ] besides , you dont need to be at war with any entity to conduct military operations against them . 
   wealth is in no way a metric of intelligence or smartness , especially when that wealth is inherited . 
  wrong . 
  business success is a good measure of intelligence . 
  not the only one , but a good one nonetheless . 
  and trump did n't inherit his billions . 
  you might want to do some more research . 
   the `` fundamental problem '' is that we have history . 
  i 'd very much have 2000 years old cities and a small car rather than a 100 years old city and a truck to go to the grocery store . 
  when will you stop acting like boys ? 
  your choice . 
  it 's holding back your economy significantly . 
  funny you want to call us childish , when it 's you people who ca n't seem to get along , after centuries of instability and infighting , and you 've shown such immaturity so as to necessitate our involvement , resulting in the destruction of much of you historical cities . 
  you dont have much history anymore , just a tiny fraction of what was originally there , and some poorly planned cities and infrastructure ( that we had to rebuild for you due to your own lack of self sufficiency ) . 
   `` almost weekly '' ? 
  anyway sure there is a problem , also thanks to the us destabilizing the middle east . 
  yes , in fact my friend was on vacation in london the day of the attacks on london bridge . 
  she 's from the us and was there for just a week . 
  and this huge migrant problem is n't america 's fault , it 's europe 's . 
  france and britain were calling for the ouster of gaddafi , so they initially carried out some attacks on the libyan military , destabilizing the country . 
  and predictably , since europe 's strongest armed forces are a joke , the us became involved ( again ) to assist with the french-british mission . 
  that is your people 's fault , not ours . 
  and we didnt destabilize syria . 
  besides , it 's not our fault middle eastern people 's cant take care of their own culture and have an affinity for extremist ideologies . 
  we didnt invent their violent religion , that 's on them . 
   but what is your solution ? 
  just let them drown in the mediterrean ? 
  yes . 
  then they will stop coming . 
  it may sound harsh to you , but as the leading country of the world , we have learned that difficult decisions are necessary sometimes , for the greater good . 
  another solution is to stop incentivizing them to come to your countries . 
  germany offers generous welfare packages to migrants , which attract more from all over mena countries because they hear of how great it is there . 
   what is the problem with the military patrolling the streets ? 
  that 's what the police force is supposed to be for . 
  it indicates a severe weakness in your law enforcement agencies , and their lack of resources . 
  so i assume i was correct in assuming you are french ? 
  / u/badassgypsy is simply too lazy or incapable of educating himself, 
  good , we will fight with you , because it helps both our countries and makes everyone better off . 
  i was just joking :p we need you guys for our corporate tax evasions, 
  trump is n't uneducated , he went to wharton b school , and is a billionaire . 
  so , unless you 're a moron , you 'll realize that a moron ca n't do that . 
  how is going to one of the top business schools in the world uneducated ? 
  you dont even know what you 're trying to talk about , just spewing bullshit that your media vomits at you . 
  that 's more than can be said of macron ( i 'm using him as an example since i dont know what country you 're from ) . 
  trump is smarter than macron by the metric of wealth and his school ranking in the world . 
   stop killing minorities during routine traffic stops ? 
  do n't care . 
  that doesnt make the country worse off . 
  the vast are shot because they 're bad people . 
  a traffic stop does not necessarily preclude the individual from being a criminal . 
   stop jailing minors for life ? 
  okay , i agree with you there . 
  for profit prisons should be abolished . 
   repair your crumbling infrastructure ? 
  it 's a work in progress , that 's not really the kind of thing that you do all in one go , you know ? 
  i 'm sure you would if you realized how the world works . 
  but your hypocrisy is really astounding , the vast majority of your cars are tiny little things because your infrastructure is so poor that you ca n't even fit two normal sized cars on such narrow streets . 
  there is a fundamental problem with the size of many roads in your countries . 
  not to mention how crooked all your roads are . 
  also there 's the matter of migrants attacking your people like in germany on nye . 
  and how they harass truck drivers whilst the police do nothing . 
  so , a real problem with the law enforcement institutions over there . 
  oh yeah , and the almost weekly terror attacks occurring , mutilating your people . 
  the idiotic policy of letting so many of the refugees is really working out isnt it ? 
  paris is patrolled by fucking soldiers with automatic weapons , very sad . 
  your military is a joke in every aspect , it 's pretty funny actually . 
  hopefully the instability on your continent doesnt get too out of hand , lest we have to come and carpet bomb the shit out of the eu just as we did in ww2 . 
  and fix your economy , it 's in a laughably sad state of affairs . 
   also , stop spending almost half of the world military expenses and pretend it is for defensive purposes . 
  well we will because we can afford it and we need to make sure other countries dont misbehave . 
  or else we have to come in and civilize certain places , such as europe in ww2 . 
  you dont have a proper military because you are too poor to afford it . 
  that is your own fault . 
   we really wish you guys would start acting like adults and maintain a proper responsible country . 
  what would that entail in your opinion ? 
   what do they need it for ? 
  the french few regiments of paratroopers and legionaries seem to be sufficient for european needs . 
  what does the us need it for ? 
  this is implies the question of whether the eu wishes to have great global influence as the us does . 
  the french were n't even able to carry out their operations in africa without heavy us assistance in multiple critical areas . 
  so , currently , european military projections capabilities are sub par . 
  europe at this point in time always needs help from the us . 
  does europe want to become a big boy and do things on its own ? 
  who knows ? 
  only they can decide this . 
  the us has some influence here , and we * really * * really * wish you guys would start acting like adults and maintain a proper military . 
  you get invaded . 
  to suggest a unified eu army would fight the us is unreasonable , it would never happen .
