  leaked tape between high-up eu minisers say it was the opposition that shot the people . 
  [ the estonian foreign ministry confirmed the leaked conversation was accurate . 
  it said : `` foreign minister paet was giving an overview of what he had heard in kiev and expressed concern over the situation on the ground . 
  we reject the claim that paet was giving an assessment of the opposition 's involvement in the violence . 
  '' ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/mar/05/ukraine-bugged-call-catherine-ashton-urmas-paet ), 
  still , it 's a valid question . 
  what do you consider extreme poverty ? 
   if both are nuclear , conventional weapons actually are the only choice available . 
  that is the only rational choice , if we are willing to turn the invaded country into the battleground rather than the invaders ' country . 
   is geert wilders a ` charismatic ' figure i 'd classify him as a narcissistic controlfreak and a populist who appeals to extremists . 
  he 's not an idiot though , he thrives in the enviroment he created for himself and now and again he does state valid criticisms or at least interesting ones . 
  well , i can still see them in his [ comments list ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/ivanhorvat/ ) . 
  it was user ivanhorvat . 
  maybe a mod removed him ? 
  would the russian federation not also bring european countries closer together by giving them a potential common `` enemy '' ? 
  i mean , call me crazy if you will , but what if this whole unfortunate invasion business ( and its ' gassy consequences ) is not so much part of mr. putin 's plan for a greater russia but that it 's about him being backed ( and paid off ) by large corporations who want europe to unite a bit quicker ? 
  there 's a psychological game being played here , sure , but maybe it 's reverse psychology ? 
  so if there are only 2 people in a region and one kills the other then the rate would be super high ? 
  why does this subject come up now though ? 
  are we looking at a russian federation that 's afraid of losing its identity ? 
  are todays ' russian 50 year olds looking at their russian 25 year old counterparts and not liking what they are seeing ? 
   russia threatened to nuke warsaw a few years back in 2008 the russian federation pointed out poland would become a target in case of war if poland let the usa station anti-missile systems there . 
  i think this just proves that the rf even then had the intention of `` taking back '' parts of eastern europe . 
  it may be time to add some more of those anti-missile systems . 
  okay , thank you . 
  sorry , but what is a `` lewak '' ? 
   9-11 killed a few thousand people irrelevant . 
  the russian federation invaded a stretch of land roughly the size of belgium and every intelligence agency failed to see this was going to happen . 
   finding this stuff out is n't as simple as peeking at his diary and making notes . 
  there must have been a build up of troops . 
  why was this not flagged as suspiscious ? 
  many people must have known about all this , crimean politicans must have known about it . 
  spies and journalists should have picked up on the rumors . 
   why do you even think it took months to prepare ? 
  how much time do you think it takes the military to plan and prepare for an invasion of this scale ? 
  this takes meticulous planning - not just the invasion but also the aftermath . 
  this all reads like it was one huge conspiracy . 
  it must have taken at least months to prepare with hundreds of people involved . 
  why did n't the intelligence services know about this ? 
  this is a screw up on the scale of 9-11 . 
  an exercise apparently . 
  the v\u00e1rpalota challenge 2014 . 
   but can anyone trust a vote held under foreign military occupation ? 
  should be doable if there are impartial , international observers present . 
  it would be a major victory to ukraine . 
  the emphasis needs to be on ukrainian solidarity , stability and sovereignty . 
  they should give the russian federation forces no excuse to be there . 
  i think one of the problems is that the russian federation did something rather unexpected and scared the shit out of everyone . 
  but it 's not unprecedented that outside forces intervene in a country that is in turmoil in an effort to stabilize the situation . 
  the question now is , will ukraine stabilize and will the rf forces leave if that happens ? 
  i was not being sarcastic but thank you for your agreement . 
  so the shadow moustache indicates that there are still remnants of distrust to work through . 
  okay , thank you . 
  i guess i just do n't get the joke then . 
  well , that 's one way to misinterpret my comment . 
  ww2 is seventy years old . 
  i prefer jokes about current issues . 
  human nature is what made possible the recent events in the ukraine as well . 
  a society can not be run like a machine or system based on whatever principles alone . 
  a machine has no wisdom , knows no compassion , is not creative , does not criticise itself . 
  a society needs human nature at its base but ukrainians still have a lot to learn . 
  [ the other end of the spectrum for some contrast . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pttoel8qeq4 ), 
  the [ peilingwijzer ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/606390-peilingwijzer-oppositie-op-winst.html ) combines 4 polls held in the netherlands . 
   the netherlands would be better off taking control of its own destiny that sounds so nice . 
  atheism as a pure concept does n't prescribe any , no . 
  it depends on your definition of religion . 
  wikipedia says : [ religion is an organized collection of beliefs , cultural systems , and world views that relate humanity to an order of existence . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion ) that 's quite broad . 
  in this specific case there does n't seem to be a single set of ideas that is shared except for there not being any deities . 
  i guess it 's similar to buddhism but less formal . 
   singapore maybe you mean [ hong kong ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/water_supply_and_sanitation_in_hong_kong#seawater_flushing ) ? 
   you must be able to joke about anything . 
  in principle , yes . 
  i think context - time , place etc. 
  - matters . 
  it is possible to hurt someone 's feelings with jokes . 
  it 's up to you to decide if you want to do that . 
  the joke was not about a type of food but about a type of job . 
  i do n't have to trust my own findings . 
  they 're just findings , they could be wrong . 
  an inherent distrust of the findings of other scientists and the willingness to put those findings to the test . 
  science is n't based on trustworthyness . 
  so instead of the word `` juden '' he used the word `` duden '' ? 
  he claims to have made a statement about a dictionary ? 
   `` i never said the word jews . 
  i only quoted from duden . 
  could someone explain this statement to me ? 
  well , i agree that the questions she had to face were probably embarassing to her . 
  i frankly ca n't even imagine the ignorance of those people . 
  but how do you expect people to lose that ignorance without asking questions ? 
  should they not ask the things they really want to know about for fear of offending someone ? 
  i 'm a diabetic and i although you 'd think people know about diabetes , people still ask me stupid questions or make stupid assumptions , which sometimes leads to me being excluded from things . 
  people just do n't care because it 's not part of their daily life . 
  so they do n't do their homework and they fall back on default stereotypes . 
  holding up a mirror to these people may help but i doubt it . 
  especially if it 's a fun house mirror . 
  english is the lingua franca of the western world . 
  turkish is n't . 
   that is a bit extreme to `` prove '' your point .
