  it 's atm all to easy for him to demonize nato because the usa is part of it . 
  putin - even if he 's a psycho - still needs support from the russian people . 
  we should avoid giving him the means to obtain that support . 
  simply , putin hates nato --  european army is ally of/funded by nato --  putin hates european army nato lap dog --  rufed military action is legitimated to rufed population . 
  maybe not , but any association with nato can be politically exploited . 
  neither has the bogeyman but he still frightens little children . 
  nevertheless i think we need an alternative to nato , that is , a genuine european army . 
  in my view , the eu is about cooperation between member states and this is what the eu should make decisions about . 
  the eu should be seen to exist between countries , right on the borders , not unlike rats in the walls of adjacent houses ( should rats be making these decisions ? 
  the alternative is to let the polticians do it . ), 
  anyway , make laws for greater cooperation , not laws for greater assimilation and homogenization . 
  do n't take away a country 's right to say `` fuck you ! '', 
  to the eu for specific things . 
  ( machine translation )  water near the border of latvia seen warships and aircraft of the russian federation  on friday , in the baltic sea near the territorial waters of latvia seen four russian warships and over the sea - four aircraft , reported the national armed forces of latvia . 
   nato patrol aircraft spotted two supersonic strategic bombers of russia `` tu-22m '' and two accompanying them fighter `` su-27 '' . 
   at 23 nautical miles from the territorial waters of latvia forces spotted a submarine `` kilo '' class and anti-submarine ship `` zelendolsk '' , and 13 nautical miles were anti-submarine ship `` ss 750 '' and hydrographic vessel `` gs 403 '' . 
   in recent years , russian warplanes and warships and submarines near the latvian border appear regularly . 
  russian planes tend to move on and not connected answering machine without a flight plan and did not respond to requests of civil control services airspace . 
   as reported , the nato countries have stepped up patrols of the airspace of the baltic states , and now are on duty 12 fighters - four polish and four british and four danish . 
   on september 1 , the airspace of the baltic states four months will patrol air portugal , canada , germany and the netherlands . 
  `` whataboutism '' is a sign of weakness . 
  it 's equivalent to saying `` you 're doing bad things so we can do bad things as well '' . 
  the weakness lies in letting someone else set a standard of behavior for you when you should be proudly living up to your own standards . 
  anti-semitism or anti-zionism ? 
   i reckon they do n't even want a table . 
  i do n't know . 
  [ poroshenko seems to be leaning towards some sort of agreement ] ( http://euronews.com/2014/08/23/merkel-and-poroshenko-call-for-decentralised-ukraine/ ) . 
   i wonder why does russia play these games ? 
  i think right now they strive for federalisation of ukraine . 
  this in order to stop ukraine from becoming part of nato . 
  to that end they need to keep the pro-russian eastern-ukrainians , well , pro-russian . 
  if the rf is seen as leaving them hanging - b/c the extremist/seperatist side will eventually lose this conflict - then that would be really bad pr . 
  so they devised this pr stunt that just drags on and on for maximum media exposure . 
   after all they need to cover long distances via dirt roads . 
  these `` dirt roads '' are normally used everyday by ukrainians , right ? 
  transport there must be horribly inefficient if trucks in general can only carry so little . 
   they would not need to use the very public convoy to smuggle stuff in the alternative is that the convoy could be a distraction ... but i do n't really buy that either . 
  my best guess is that it 's a pr stunt that the rf is trying to milk as much as possible . 
  but i 'm still just speculating . 
  i 'm sure there are satellite images of the first convoy and the locations involved but apparently no government deems those worthy of publication . 
  pity , really . 
  i wonder if these trucks are going to be as empty as the first ones . 
  the emptier the trucks , the more convoys the rf needs to send . 
  which is handy if the convoys are a cover for smuggling weapons and people . 
  i 'm just speculating , of course . 
  i just hope nobody assasinates any archdukes . 
  besides , i suspect that the parties in this conflict prefer it to remain a neat little proxy war . 
   is there a proven relationship ( science wise ) between negative stereotyping of black people in the netherlands and zwarte piet ? 
  i think the argument is that zwarte piet is in itself negative stereotyping . 
  in this particular case the discussion is also about the subjectivity of the sterotype . 
  another thing is the way 40 to 400 year old definitions of zwarte piet are dragged into the discussion . 
  for a child , i suppose the subjective part is what matter most as they are mostly unaware of history . 
  if i was a white child part of a white minority living in a black country and i saw white petes ( perhaps wearing wooden clogs , a knickerbocker and a smock ) as servants of a black sinterklaas every year , what would i be thinking ? 
   emotions , like anything human , can be wrong . 
  so how would you explain to people that zwarte piet is not a caricature of a real black human being ? 
  how would you explain the difference to a child ? 
   when it 's raining and sun shines simultaneously kermis in de hel . 
  i guess this means no wwiii for now . 
  i assume several governments are watching this area via satellite . 
  it might be interesting to see those pictures . 
  hopefully more journalists will flock to this location now . 
  the russian federation has never used nuclear weapons in any conflict so what we are talking about is purely theoretical . 
  you use the term `` military doctrine '' as if it is common for rf military to nuke their opponents when it is not . 
  there is no precedent . 
  any military that has nuclear weapons is `` open '' to using limited nuclear strikes . 
   what the hell are they smoking ? 
  well , these are n't exactly direct quotes , it 's just one man 's speculation . 
   `` the logical conclusion , in fact , is radicalisation : on social media people self-select what they see , and what they see can be pure , unchecked propaganda . 
  they may never be confronted with opinions that are not their own . '', 
  so one of the problems seems to be a lack of cultural diversity . 
  when people stop being polite ... and start getting real ... 
  it 's [ confidant ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confidant ) not confident . 
   they could give the bodies back while still denying they did it . 
  we 're still talking about criminals being in possession of the crime scene . 
  best evidence is no evidence . 
  best accountability is no accountability . 
  also , there must be the temptation to make it seem like nothing of note happened . 
  i 'm honestly not sure what the perspective of the eastern-ukrainian and russian federation people is , what kind of propaganda they 've been fed , although i 've heard some strange stories . 
  if nobody finds any bodies , were they then ever really there ? 
  was it then all really a plot by western intelligence services ? 
  it 's crazy , of course . 
  i 'm probably just being very cynical and overly pessimistic . 
   it 's not like autopsies would reveal the positions and number of their weapons ... 
  neither would taking responsibility for shooting down that airplane but they declined to do that officially anyway . 
  the less evidence there is the better for them , i guess . 
  anyway , if the bodies do turn up it means i 've underestimated their sense of decency . 
  so , better start looking at local mortuaries or in large , freshly dug pits . 
  you can google for ` aso-woningen ' , ` tokkie dorp ' or ` hufterhuizen ' for some dutch news on this subject . 
  it 's the right point of view . 
   the constitution could say `` the king can do what he likes with no limits whatsoever '' that particular constitution would be a sham though . 
   dugin is not a soviet nostalgic . 
  not literally , no . 
  but he does long for its glory days . 
  and pre-1989 does go waaaay back , unlike todays ' russian young adults . 
  dugin sounds like just another 50 year old with nostalgic pre-1989 feelings . 
   more so than the norm that we allow people to choose how to express themselves ? 
  the burka and the niqab do not allow people to express themselves . 
  they are a hindrance to self-expression . 
   but i was choosing them as an example to show that covering breast is also restricting women 's choices in the name of modesty i never said european culture was perfect . 
  just better .
