  edit2 : to be clear , instead of a megathread there should be a `` link '' that when clicked on unfolds and shows a normal reddit list of article links . 
   when the europe frontpage is plastered with a single issue it becomes a megathread let 's not hide current affairs articles in some unnavigable megathread . 
  i do n't think that 's how reddit is supposed to work . 
  you 're basically asking for a kind of sub-subreddit . 
  the reddit ui would have to be changed to make that happen . 
  he sounds more neo-reactionary than objectivist imho . 
  black is a color . 
  so is blue . 
  that 's some atrocious acting . 
  so one man 's truth is another man 's lie ? 
  and nobody really knows the difference ? 
  [ a slightly longer article about the subject . 
  ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/hundreds-ukrainian-wingers-rally-against-kiev-govt-164957813.html ), 
  `` time to hit the casino ! '', 
  i like the idea that it might explicitely prove that countries can leave the union and survive . 
  and i suppose that that could send a message to other states around the world that might want to leave a union or federation . 
  could be the start of interesting times . 
   does n't in any way mean europe is sacrificing as much as a result of the refugee crisis as lebanon or jordan . 
  what are we sacrificing exactly ? 
  [ nauru detention centre ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nauru_detention_centre ) maybe ? 
  you could have made a self post with a link to the bbc article in it . 
   published on feb 28 , 2014, 
  edit : sorry , i thought i was in the netherlands subreddit for a minute . 
  so i unfortunately missed this debate but i guess it was n't about the provincial , - and water board elections ? 
  what 's the currently speculated alternative for ns2 ? 
  so it 's greed versus paranoia ? 
  okay , if that 's the definition then which people are specifically part of the regressive left ? 
  i doubt one can work on something as big as this for a year without intelligence services finding out . 
  the anouncement was more of a pre-emptive denial . 
  why ? 
  do the netherlands have veto power ? 
  did it get that far though ? 
  these soldiers are still presumed innocent until found guilty in a court of law , right ? 
  or are the rules different for un soldiers ? 
  i always have css turned off . 
  from the point of view of a politician , it 's to do with any behavior the law allows people to exhibit . 
  what is this all about ? 
  are the russians asking for help there ? 
   it is not fun to be laughed at or be called an idiot for something our ancestors have done for a thousand years . 
  could be worse . 
  people are so much tamer than they used to be . 
  most people anyway . 
  it 's not just that europe is n't ready for it , there 's no need for it . 
  the cia and fbi have many responsibilities whereas we need only an agency that specifically coordinates the information flow regarding terrorism suspects . 
   a french intelligence officer and the french general and the french pm will never cooperate with a german spook , a british admiral , and a belgian premier the same way that an american signals intelligence officer will work with a american general to an american president . 
  and they do n't have to . 
  a european cia or fbi is overkill . 
  there does need to be more sharing of information about terrorism suspects . 
  it 's very specific and does n't harm national interests . 
  say what now ? 
   sudan , syria , saudi arabia , north korea have those countries also been expanding for decades , taking over other peoples ' land ? 
  what about those riots in 2011 ? 
  no bombs but still lots of violence . 
  apparently it 's a [ french butter dish ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_butter_dish ) . 
  i 've never seen one before . 
  it 's always the quiet ones ... 
  why ? 
  i did not think the same thing . 
   nuclear energy can be one of the cleanest i have n't really followed the developments but was n't there always an issue with nuclear waste accumulating ? 
   ceos are often puppets serving mainly a pr role that 's not evil . 
   why is special treatment a bad thing ? 
  i do n't think it is necessarily a bad thing . 
  question is , is the uk special enough to warrant such treatment ? 
  a lot of people seem to have this problem with generalizations . 
  the reasoning is usually : some members of category x did something , thus all members of category x are suspected of doing the same . 
  it 's a simple heuristic that often works but also often fails when there is only an abstract understanding of x. 
  people like to fall back on worst case scenarios in that case . 
   just because it is icky ? 
  well , there 's the possibility of stds jumping from one species to the next . 
  i still do n't understand why this happened specifically in cologne , on that scale . 
  why have n't we heard from other cities ? 
   so if you are going to share your naked body do n't show your head . 
  should n't be too hard to make an app for that . 
   if anything it 'd be a major setback . 
  how so ? 
  well , yeah . 
   thinking russia would use a nuke just to save assad is just plain stupid . 
  but a conventional war with turkey to save assad and create a country for the kurds would be okay ? 
  oh and to kick some turkish ass . 
  oh and maybe they 'll invade transcaucasia en passant just for the hell of it because well , that used to be part of the russian empire as well , just like crimea . 
  ww3 here we come . 
  freedom or death . 
   what would prevent russia from employing the same strategy there ? 
  the knowledge that there would not be a long lasting conventional conflict in the first place . 
   this is the kind of situation where the us would be forced to nuke . 
  nuke what ? 
  that would start ww3 . 
  there are a lot of things i did n't think russia would do before the crimea invasion and annexation . 
  maybe i should have known better . 
  would they get away with it ? 
  what is anyone going to do about it ? 
  impose sanctions ? 
   resorting to nukes is an unprecedented escalation could n't russia just say that the usa did it to quickly end the war with japan and thus they can do the same thing in turkey ? 
  they could argue that a long lasting conflict with conventional arms would kill more people than a nuclear intimidation event . 
  am i wrong in thinking the map of the middle east is planned to be redrawn along cultural borders ? 
   the birth rate across the eu was 1.55 in 2013 . 
  at what point in the future would that realistically become a problem ? 
  i do n't speak russian . 
  some context would be nice . 
  hey yeah , he does seem to say `` zehnte klasse '' .
