  not by me , anyway . 
  belgium may have a few failed policies but calling the country a failed state borders on satire . 
  maybe they are lactose intolerant ? 
  a lot of people in africa are . 
  might explain why they are vomiting . 
  because you 're not related to a terrorist ? 
  russia may not veto that . 
  i 'm sure they 'd appreciate assad getting out of the way of their business . 
   the baltic butthurt never stops . 
  butthurt seems a logical consequence of buttrape . 
  [ montenegro 's prime minister milo djukanovic has resigned , hours after suggesting that russia was involved in an alleged coup attempt on the country 's election day and accusing the opposition of collaborating with the kremlin . 
  ] ( http://www.rferl.org/a/montenegrin-leader-djukanovic-suggests-russia-behind-alleged-coup-plot-serbia/28075458.html ) also : [ dusko markovic : keeper of montenegro 's secrets . 
  former intelligence chief dusko markovic could become montenegros ' new pm , in what looks like a manoeuvre to strengthen the shaken power of the current elite . 
  ] ( http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/dusko-markovic-keeper-of-montenegro-s-secrets-10-30-2016 ), 
  i would say that europe recognizes that part of europe is gay and that we are equally concerned about all types of families while being aware that there is still intolerance against homosexuals . 
   and why the eu has always been so patient . 
  hm , how has that patience paid off so far ? 
  i guess that 's one of the reasons russia has been so patient with turkey the last year ? 
  i have to wonder though . 
  sure , rt pays a little money for their actions but their lies have already been spread around the globe . 
  i 'm sure they will live on in many conspiracy themed websites . 
  during the cold war , russia could only spread it 's propaganda so far . 
  it mostly stayed within russia . 
  but now they 've discovered the internet and the instant access they get to computer screens around the world . 
  and it 's not just russia , of course . 
  i bet there are many sociopaths still waiting in the wings to ddos the truth with an endless flood of lies . 
  well , we do need more transparancy with regard to the financing of political parties and activist groups . 
   was that guy really killed because of what he believed ? 
  technically , yes . 
  but also :  a pathologist concluded that mr keating had died from positional asphyxia and intoxication through consumption of alcohol , methadone and cannabis . 
  i guess russia will just never be on the same level as the usa ? 
   but if we have a protest outside the russian embassy , it would n't make a blind bit of difference as to what putin does , because we are in britain and we are in the west . 
  he 's not wrong . 
   [ soviet version of the events ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_revolution_of_1956#soviet_version_of_the_events )  soviet reports of the events surrounding , during , and after the disturbance were remarkably consistent in their accounts , more so after the second soviet intervention cemented support for the soviet position among international communist parties . 
  pravda published an account 36 hours after the outbreak of violence , which set the tone for all further reports and subsequent soviet historiography :  1 . 
  on 23 october , the honest socialist hungarians demonstrated against mistakes made by the r\u00e1kosi and ger\u0151 governments . 
  fascist , hitlerite , reactionary , counter-revolutionary hooligans financed by the imperialist west took advantage of the unrest to stage a counter-revolution . 
  the honest hungarian people under nagy appealed to soviet ( warsaw pact ) forces stationed in hungary to assist in restoring order . 
  the nagy government was ineffective , allowing itself to be penetrated by counter-revolutionary influences , weakening then disintegrating , as proven by nagy 's culminating denouncement of the warsaw pact . 
  hungarian patriots under k\u00e1d\u00e1r broke with the nagy government and formed a government of honest hungarian revolutionary workers and peasants ; this genuinely popular government petitioned the soviet command to help put down the counter-revolution . 
  hungarian patriots , with soviet assistance , smashed the counter-revolution . 
  certainly legally speaking . 
   flooding the middle east with european weapons was a humanitarian mission . 
  so much the greater is our responsibilty . 
   the irony is that europe is seen by refugees as safe largely because they see it as a defender of human rights . 
  on cnn no less . 
   but when muslims are involved , you wo n't hear many `` allegedlies '' will you ? 
  you will hear mine . 
  allegedly . 
   why not set a rule that if a prisoner has a life sentence , he has to do 10 years and from then can request euthanesia . 
  what if an innocent man gets a life sentence , gets seriously depressed because of it and then just wants to die ? 
   only agnosticism is out of the `` faith/belief '' game . 
  as i already said , a belief alone is not a religion . 
   when it starts acumulating the traits of a religion and a religious community , it could slowly become one . 
  op was n't talking about that but about the concept of atheism . 
   because it is the blind , unprovable belief about the existance or not of a supernatural being . 
  a belief alone is not a religion though , even if it is about a supernatural being . 
  why does that make it a religion ? 
  what ? 
   not bankruptcy but people will inevitably start complaining how will that situation compare to what happened in the 1990 's ? 
  still better/as bad/even worse ? 
  i 'm not sure what you ~ ~ been ~ ~ mean by that . 
  edit : been -  mean, 
   putin is further entrenching himself . 
  you really think he 's only thinking of himself here ? 
  i think he knows he 's not going to be president forever . 
  whoever succeeds him will inherit his power structure . 
  it seems to me this is just about attaining national stability through order and oversight . 
  small children playing with fireworks . 
  someone should call their parents . 
   the polish government in exile based in london sponsored resistance to the german occupation , including some to help jews . 
  for example , zegota , the council to aid jews , saved a few thousand jews , even though helping a jew in occupied poland was punishable by death . 
  yad vashem has identified more rescuers from poland than any other country -- 6,532 . 
  no glee here . 
  no glee in kielce . 
  the article does not mention specific cases of collaboration . 
   it was still happening in '46 at kielce . 
  the [ kielce progrom ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kielce_pogrom ) can in no way be seen as a continuation of the holocaust the nazis committed . 
  i admit , actions do speak louder than words . 
  and he educates by example . 
  there 's a sincerity in that . 
  well , the discovery of the guy having been poisoned was in late 2015 . 
  salami tactics ? 
  a slippery slope ? 
  pragmatism over principles . 
  i know that it 's just a minor detail but burkinis are not wetsuits . 
  wetsuits are made out of neopreen and burkinis are made out of swimsuit material . 
  burkinis do not offer the same protection from the natural environment that wetsuits do . 
  that 's why i consider it interesting . 
  it 's an interesting cultural hybrid though . 
  looks more like it 's a part of the tank 's camouflage . 
   even naturist spots are clothing optional i do n't know if that 's always true but still , good point . 
  being forced to put on extra clothes is conceptually the opposite extreme . 
  ever tried going into a mosque wearing a bikini ? 
  private muslim-only beaches coming in 3 . . 2 . . 1 . . 
  apparently mr. juncker is an anarchist . 
  thanks . 
  i used to love playing ut2k4 . 
  do people still play that game ? 
  my personal view is that the difference is motive .
