  a burkini is worn out of shame whereas a wetsuit is worn for providing thermal insulation , abrasion resistance and buoyancy to its wearer . 
  i very much understand the difference . 
  they are both extremes within a spectrum of shame . 
   we should all just stop being offended by what people wear given the influx of immigrants from different cultures , that 's not going to happen . 
   not only would you be incredibly ashamed but it 's actually illegal if you can have a law against wearing too few clothes then it should n't be inconsistent that you can have a law against wearing too many clothes . 
   imagine if russian forces were putting boots on the ground in mexico why would mexico want russia to do that ? 
  any idea how turks in general would respond if the death penalty was introduced in turkey ? 
  would they resist ? 
  removed for being duplicate apparently . 
  anyone want to point me to the other copy then ? 
  hypocrisy is the contrivance of a false appearance of virtue or goodness , while concealing real character or inclinations , especially with respect to religious and moral beliefs . 
   got has several layers of plots so did the shows i mentioned . 
   subplots that pits one moral grey against another so did the shows i mentioned . 
  you mean shows like dallas , dynasty and falcon crest ? 
  they did n't have all the explicit violence and sex though . 
  times change . 
  so far we have military personnel , judges and apparently police personnel `` removed from their positions '' . 
  when will it be the turn of government officials , i have to wonder ? 
  i know . 
  erdogan would have to be insane to try and steal them . 
   now only if he can get those 90 american nukes . . 
  he would need to be busy stealing them right now , i suspect . 
  i do n't read french all that well , i 'm afraid . 
  and google translate says the page is too large to translate . 
  does n't that complicate trade between french and english speaking regions ? 
  does n't it limit the number of jobs offers for people ? 
  you mean it 's not going to cause problems if a canadian only learns french or only learns english ? 
  it 's not about general language homogeneity . 
  it 's about there being a public common language standard . 
  it makes it much easier and safer for people to work together . 
  also , all people living in the same country should be able to communicate fluently in at least one common language . 
   well , european diversity and european cultures . 
  that 's ignoring a lot of history . 
   very long and widely-accepted convention aka the vienna convention on diplomatic relations . 
  thanks , i had to look that up . 
  another myth dispelled . 
   the shop 's letterbox was blackened with smoke and fire damage . 
  it seems likely that an arsonist started a fire via the letterbox . 
  there would have been no reason to smash the window to gain entrance to the shop . 
  it seems plausible that the guard was an fsb agent who had been informed that the american in question was not to leave russia . 
  it is possible the fsb suspects the man is a spy . 
   is it really the russian guard in that closed box outside who has the authority to decide who can or can not enter the us embassy ? 
  afaik an the us embassy is technically us soil . 
  entering the embassy means leaving russia . 
  the guard can only decide who leaves russia . 
   they just respect other people and principles more than you do . 
  if it 's advisory then it has nothing to do with respect or principles . 
  if people give you advice then you have the freedom to disregard that advice . 
  well , the result was almost 50/50 , only a 3.8 % difference . 
  i would n't make a decision based on that , but hey , rules are rules . 
  are you saying you do n't know that russia rescued crimea from the clutches of ukraine ? 
  personally , i think `` clean '' russian athletes should be allowed to compete . 
  it 's hooligans vs hooligans not countries vs countries . 
  you want to make a prediction based on a lack of evidence ? 
  that 's not how it works . 
   sure it posses problems as we adapt plain adaptation is not the problem . 
  the rate at which people can adapt is the problem . 
  it will become impossible for more and more people to adapt until even the most flexible individuals will not be able to keep up with accelerating developments as more and more jobs are taken over . 
  it takes a long time to learn a new craft , especially if all the dumb jobs are taken . 
  in the mean time , what do you eat ? 
  we will eventually have 3 options : either we let machines take care of us or literally extend our human selves with technology or freeze technology at a particular level . 
   it is a mistake to assume you can predict the future . 
  and yet , you are predicting that automation wo n't be a serious problem in the future . 
  older brother did n't die . 
  just lost a lot of weight . 
  because if the usa does it , it must be okay to do ? 
  seems kinda unconstitutional . 
   people donate to candidates to ` encourage ' those politicians to push their agenda i get that . 
  i was just wondering if that has ever been proven to work . 
  is there really a correlation between election donations and eventual government policies ? 
  bullies never change . 
   you can take care of my passport registration without context i ca n't tell if this action would be illegal or not . 
  it 's corruption if you break the law . 
   you have cabbage , and i have milk . 
  that 's not corruption , that 's bartering . 
   i realize you were being ironic but this should be said why ? 
  are you nostalgic for the olden times ? 
  i did n't know the eu had that much influence in the philippines . 
  would n't it be fairer to compare the whole of the usa to the whole of europe/the eu ? 
  or us states to european countries ? 
  like california and germany ? 
  i used to be able to play it on synthesizer keyboard . 
  i can still play parts of it . 
  the beginning of the toccata and the fugue are fairly easy . 
  toccata and fugue in d minor bwv 565 . 
  well , parts of it , anyway . 
   such laws should not be obeyed , they should be fought . 
  sure , but by what method ? 
  not wearing a hijab probably means not getting any access to iran . 
  it 's a long war , you have to pick your battles . 
  you mean the protests that were disrupted by the black bloc anarchists ? 
   russian hacks and the red scare well , let 's not forget the reichstag fire . 
  i agree that russia and china could use a little more populism . 
  those poor horses having their jobs being taken by cars . 
  so sad . 
  you mean like a passport ? 
  that i would n't need the eu to be able to travel to another country in the eu area . 
  i was able to do that before the eu existed . 
  i did not need the eu for that is my point . 
  you still have a national identity card .
