   many muslim women find it an appropriate way to dress . 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  how do you distinguish between the women who want to wear a burka/niqab and those who are forced to do so ? 
   we do n't ban people from using sarcasm , or pulling faces , of from wearing makeup that obscures their identity . 
  those things do not in everyday life obscure people 's identity . 
  they also do not hinder their self-expression . 
  they also do not symbolize some sort of `` modesty '' . 
   we haven ' e even banned anonymous web discussions . 
  anonymous web discussions do n't involve high trust interactions and muslim women do not aim to be anonymous . 
  they aim to present a particular person not a random stranger , which is harder ( or even impossible ) if you hide your face . 
  again , a burka or niqab stops people from expressing themselves adequately . 
   the fact is , i think public nudity should be allowed . 
  that 's because you are not a muslim . 
  frankly i 'm proud that we are even having this discussion in europe , that we can have this discussion without fear of persecution . 
  we are concerned with other people 's freedom in a way many muslims would find absurd . 
   i would have thought the freedom to choose your own clothes is n't really that outrageous . 
  in general , it 's hard to argue against that . 
  there are only specific cases like wearing a police uniform or wearing a disguise that would lead people to believe that you are someone else . 
  a burka and niqab do have the potential for the latter . 
  it would be an interesting experiment to have everyone - men and women , muslims and non-muslims - wear a burka and see how society would fair under such a level of anonymity . 
   why is it that where we draw a line in the sand is fine and where they draw the line is wrong . 
  it 's a norm we choose to uphold . 
  i already explained why . 
   this culture probably would n't mind a breast covering ban those are not europeans . 
  would they mind having to cover up their breasts if they chose to live in europe ? 
  would you then also ask these questions wrt a ban ? 
   i 'm not talking about women who a forced to wear coverings but women who choose to . 
  do we know who those are ? 
  can we see the difference between those who choose freely and those who do n't ? 
  if they do n't choose freely it 's abuse , right ? 
  no matter which religion is involved . 
   this is good old fashioned racism so you are saying that this is to oppress muslims ? 
  how does it oppress muslims ? 
  how does this ban disadvantage them ? 
  and btw , how is it not sexism if women are told that `` modesty '' requires wearing a burka that men do n't need to wear ? 
   banning people from wearing certain pieces of clothing because it makes you uncomfortable it 's not about it making me feel uncomfortable . 
  it 's about a disruption of the public ( european ) space in a way that makes life harder for europeans . 
  knowledge of identity improves interaction between people and is expected in every day life . 
  being able to read expressions from peoples faces vastly improves communication and is expected in everday life . 
   when are we going to start the ban on dick and vag covering ?!, 
  as soon as covering your dick/vag is seen as oppressive , i guess . 
  why are n't you protesting for people 's rights to go nude everywhere ? 
  is n't such a ban on total nudity just as grievous in your eyes ? 
   our hard fought for freedoms do not include every possible form of behavior . 
   do you think there will ever be a time when we should ban women from covering them ? 
  is it the same as banning veils/burkas ? 
  no , it is n't . 
  as i said , there 's a difference of degree , of the amount of exposure . 
  i think even women who presently wear a veil would agree with that . 
  muslims might accept a ban on veils but they would probably go ballistic wrt a ban on covering women 's breasts . 
   we are n't all homogeneous . 
  depends on which attributes you look at , and how much you squint your eyes . 
  hiding your face is practically non-existent in the public space and not part of mainstream culture anywhere . 
  if i ca n't see your face my first ( european ) instinct is to wonder why you are hiding something that does n't need to be hidden . 
  it also feels like a disruption of the common means of communication . 
  and then there 's the whole religous aspect to burkas , how much it reveals about the way certain muslims think about women : the sexual paranoia of the men , the women 's disdain for non-muslim men 's perceived inabilty to respect `` immodest '' women . 
  that way of thinking about human beings is simply incorrect . 
   why is this any different from women covering their faces for modesty ? 
  it should legally and culturally be possible for women to show their breasts anywhere they want . 
  at no time should anyone be able to object to that or find it immodest . 
  unfortunately at this time that degree of nudity is not always appreciated . 
  have patience , my friend . 
  as to why it is different in europe as opposed to say , the middle east , well , it simply comes down to culture . 
  european culture . 
  in europe . 
  who 'd have guessed ? 
   when did a security camera ever help the victim ? 
  apparently in 20 % of cases . 
   carbid schieten so what did people do before the invention of carbid ? 
  i think that one of the core aspects of us being more developed is that we have a better understanding of human beings as a species . 
  those parents in the article mutilated little girls because they misunderstand what a little girl is . 
  we have a better understanding of what the universe in general is like . 
  our culture is simply better in that way . 
  now tell me , in what way is a culture that mutilates little girls better than ours ? 
   think of the divide between the republicans and the democrats in the us on how much power states and the federal government should have . 
  lol . 
   why ca n't these intellectual ( and moral ) pygmies come up with any other points of reference other than ww2 and the nazis . 
  do you know one that fits better ? 
   it 's a more efficient protest to vote for the most offensive lunatic instead is there any evidence for that ? 
  if only there was a `` none of the above '' option . 
   queerer i see what you did there . 
   incomprehensibly massive universe i doubt that the universe is incomprehensible . 
  we already comprehend it so much more than we used to . 
   god 's punishment `` do as i say or i start killing people '' - * god *, 
   establishment assholes . 
  are they the owners of the privately accessible search engines ? 
  nothing . 
  nothing went wrong . 
   a target for what ? 
  the fashion police ? 
  ah , thanks . 
  i see now . 
  i somehow missed [ this ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/may/02/ukraine-dead-odessa-building-fire ) and [ this ] ( https://sreaves32.wordpress.com/2014/05/04/odessa-massacre-right-sector-wouldnt-let-people-out-of-burning-building/ ) . 
  but seriously , how can you tell who 's who in that movie ? 
   americans don \u00b4 t have welfare privileges and have higher economic growth . 
  do the americans who need welfare also experience higher economic growth ? 
  is the www palpable though ? 
   various ngo 's have been working in ukraine to foster rebellion . 
  to foster non-violent rebellion . 
  [ canvas ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/centre_for_applied_nonviolent_action_and_strategies )  people get shot in the streets .
