what is your definition of ethnic ? 
   if the former i fail to see how that follows ; there is no gene that prevents you from joining isis . 
  there 's also no culture or tradition that makes you want to join isis if you are ethnically swedish . 
   maybe you mean they 're not ethnically swedish , whatever that 's supposed to mean it means you do n't go on a jihad in syria/iraq and join isis . 
   i would have assumed that you 'd be able to buy at least three or four different kinds there . 
  sure . 
  i just ca n't name them atm . 
  goat cheese . 
  `` they '' also covered up jimmy saville 's and other 's child abuse . 
  why not just acknowledge that british culture has a tendency to hide child abuse in general ? 
  i mean , who are not carbon copies of each other . 
  you ca n't read one of these lists and meet a dutch person and assume that you now know that person . 
  wrt individualism , some dutch are more individualistic and some are less individualistic and none are charicatures who live up to some websites ' definition of `` dutch '' . 
  i ~ ~ hate ~ ~ hate these lists . 
  there 's some truth to them but i think it 's important to remember there 's no such thing as `` the '' dutch . 
  please treat people as individuals who may have some culture in common but are still all different . 
  and please be yourself . 
  edit : one hate too many . 
  that 's just because you like turtles . 
  that 's only technically correct . 
  without 9/11 iraq would not have been considered a terrorist state , part of the ` axis of evil ' . 
  without 9/11 ( and the lies about wmd in iraq ) the bush administration would not have been able to get the rest of the world behind the invasion of iraq . 
  and of course , there was never any way the us administration would have been satisfied with an investigation into wmd in iraq that did n't find wmd , making it impossible for iraq to prove it did n't have any . 
  i do hope they warn aspiring migrants of this . 
   that shit aint free but it can be cheap . 
  evolution is not a humane process . 
  and right now , we 're even busy making evolution obsolete through genetic technology . 
  your argument holds no water . 
   people ... are not all the same . 
   then is not longer anarchy one can not have a common morality and be an anarchist ? 
  i doubt that is true . 
   most productive members of the society wont help the less productive members of the society if they are free and there is no compulsion as long as people do n't have to compete for survival that 's not a problem for me . 
  i do n't mind companies or projects competing for survival because those are not people . 
   since there is no way to enforce cooperation sure there is , it can be part of a culture to only be cooperative . 
  it 's not all that capitalism is though . 
  besides cooperation there 's also competition . 
   one right-wing politician geert wilders ... 
   should call islam on its shit more because islam is such a big problem in the usa ? 
   he did n't say americans should stop criticising what they dislike about their country so what was the point of his speech then ? 
   which one of those two results is going to lead to isis growing in norway , you think ? 
  could be both or neither , it does n't matter . 
  we simply do n't know enough about these flag waving idiots so we need to investigate them . 
   you should n't give stupid assholes like this attention . 
  that 's all they 're after . 
  we do n't know that they are just idiots . 
  so , actions like these warrant investigation . 
  i would n't say quietly . 
  he 's been making threats left and right . 
  all very distracting . 
   a large-scale russian strategic military exercise , codenamed vostok-2014 started in ** eastern russia ** on friday ,, 
  usa : 9,629,091 km2 europe : 10,180,000 km2 difference : 550,909 km2 -- edit : usa = 95 % of europe, 
  link gives me a 404 error but [ the article is present ] ( http://www.baltictimes.com/news/articles/35542/#.vbifhiwhbfy ) . 
  or weaknesses the rufed may try to exploit . 
  divide and conquer . 
  i just do n't want to see this investigation drowned out by speculation and lies . 
  let 's just let the experts do their job . 
  sure , it will probably take years but i do n't care about that . 
  i hate to see people in the meantime make up convenient stories about what might have happened . 
   i do n't need to believe in ukrainian planes , i know they exist . 
  so do american planes . 
  maybe an american plane shot mh17 down . 
  we can make up all sorts of things , right ? 
   but that does n't mean i have hard facts to dismiss it . 
  maybe it was aliens ? 
  no hard facts to dismiss those either . 
  i have n't heard of a food crisis in ukraine . 
  i imagine things are n't too great in the areas where there 's ( been ) fighting . 
  is n't the rufed supposed to be helping there ? 
  beware of russians bearing russians ? 
  the cobra has been caught already . 
  it was hiding in the neighbours ' shed . 
   but there still would n't be an eu army . 
  i 'm pretty sure a credible russian threat would lead to a european military alliance at the least . 
  the question is more , what will likely lead to disaster , the presence of the usa or the absence of the usa . 
  well , they 're not calling everybody fascist yet . 
  i think there 's hope . 
   appeasing him stops nothing . 
  it 's not about appeasing him . 
   you going to break all relationships with usa ? 
  just military links to nato . 
   will happen no matter what . 
  no matter what ? 
  then nato presence would n't matter either . 
  that 's reasonable . 
  a percentage it is then . 
  can europe afford a disastrous us mistake within europe ? 
  if that happens in ukraine then disaster could spread even to western europe . 
  let the politicians fight it out amongst each other . 
  why would a european/eu army not be able to take the place of nato as far as stopping russian bullies is concerned ? 
  really ? 
  why not just a `` pay what you can '' sort of agreement ? 
  as i 've said elsewhere , putin is nothing without support from the russians . 
  nato presence allows for better propaganda . 
  putin will use this to his advantage . 
  do we really want to give putin this advantage ? 
  is `` eu army '' a better term then ? 
  it would obviously exclude the rufed . 
  if germany were to act aggressively towards the rufed , they 'd be making it very easy for putin to say that germany has n't changed since wwii and is still made up of a bunch of fascists . 
  it 's better to let other european countries take the necessary military initiatives and have germany join in later . 
  even putin ca n't control a country the size of russia without the proper propaganda and cultural programming .
