  this may be a dumb question but does anybody know where those one hundred billion euros are now and what they are doing ? 
  dictionaries , wikipedia and other websites . 
  some reasoning of my own . 
  i derived the definition of `` omniculturalism '' from the definition of `` multiculturalism '' . 
  interesting definition of the term `` monoculture '' . 
  if i understand you correctly , it 's when a culture does n't move outside certain parameters but still tolerates diversity within those parameters , allowing for sub-cultures and ethnicities ? 
  i was under the impression that usually a monoculture is seen as something with extreme homogeneity . 
  i suppose the question then is whether certain imported cultures fall outside the parameters of an `` enclosing '' culture and how to deal with that if the members of those imported cultures do n't voluntarily stay within those parameters . 
  well , `` multi '' means `` many '' and `` omni '' means `` all '' . 
  so multiculturalism means tolerance towards many cultures and no tolerance towards some cultures whereas omniculturalism means tolerance towards all cultures . 
  it seems to me that some people who oppose multiculturalism do actually exhibit tolerance towards many cultures and exhibit no tolerance towards some cultures , which would make them multiculturalists . 
  iow they seem to contradict themselves . 
  it seems to me they oppose omniculturalism , meaning they can not tolerate all cultures . 
  the people who oppose multiculturalism , do they not really oppose omniculturalism ? 
  or do they advocate monoculturalism ? 
  are any of these terms even useful since usually we do n't look at cultures as a whole but only at some of their dimensions ? 
  it 's still an interesting interview . 
  shows a lot of this guy 's biased way of thinking . 
  hopefully their shit wo n't spill over into our backyard . 
  maybe they counted on ` later ' ... 
  [ uc davis protestors pepper sprayed ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6addlhpwpp4 ), 
   to prevent further war between france and germany . 
   but what constitutes european identity ? 
  iirc `` europe '' was created so that certain standards could be upheld and so that businesses could make more money ( or lose less ) . 
  i think the netherlands are closer . 
  there are a number of different kinds of drop that contain salmiak . 
   would you ask how jews avoided inbreeding ? 
  or icelanders ? 
  i assume they marry/procreate with non-jews and/or non-icelanders , if inbreeding was a problem for them . 
   they do not let a romani girl marry someone who is n't one . 
  so how do they prevent inbreeding ? 
  what is the point of discriminating against them ? 
  it only serves to alienate them further from local cultures . 
  the only way they will integrate is by letting them mingle with the locals so that they adopt some of their values . 
  it may take a few generations though . 
   an eu official said the new mandate would allow warships or helicopters to fire at fuel barrels , boats , trucks or other equipment on beaches , according to agence france-presse . 
  i gues i jumped the gun a bit . 
  the pirates will move their equipment further inland if this happens though . 
  i wonder if european leaders have even considered alternative approaches . 
  land based conflict there is a fuck up waiting to happen . 
  this wo n't just involve the pirates . 
  once the somalis draw the eu troops further inland it 's game over . 
  [ ` pregnant man ' gives birth to girl ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/health/story?id=5302756&amp;page=1#.t2hxf9uwkb4 ), 
  ah , thank you . 
  what is a tetrapiloctomist ? 
  i tried googling and dictionaries but i ca n't find a definition of the word . 
  the song contest ? 
  or am i missing something ? 
  i think it 's a pity there is n't some europe-wide televised event where europeans - experts and `` ordinary people '' - openly discus european matters . 
  i mean , i do see news shows where some european subject is discussed , with interviews and what not , but what i 'd really like to see is a whole bunch of europeans , perhaps seated at a circular table , just chatting , discussing , sharing experiences , telling it how it is . 
  from european to european . 
  ( not unlike this subreddit , i guess , only more visible , 
  i would guess there 's a stronger correlation with the rhine , the north sea and the thames . 
   during the dark ages europe stagnated though it did n't stop . 
  [ progress was still being made by scientists ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/medieval_european_scientists ) . 
  it 's just economics/business , which exists out there with or without a union . 
  i guess i 'm just a bit disappointed after the millennia of history we have together . 
   we warned that you would need a kind of central euro-government to control national budgets and taxation ... 
  so , central control is absolutely necessary as an incentive to keep local control ? 
  it 's not enough to see europe as a group of countries * working together * as a team against ( and sometimes with ) the rest of the world ? 
  is it really so hard to understand that , as in any relationship , we have to communicate and coordinate our policies and thus be aware of the bigger picture and act accordingly in the interest of not just ourselves but also the rest of europe ? 
  if so , then we 'll never be any kind of union but merely no better than a band of insecure and selfish children who are so damn immature they need mommy and daddy government to keep them in check . 
  europe news december 9 , 2011 , 10:46 a.m. 
  et analysis myth and reality about the euro crisis by thomas catan it 's tempting to view the european debt crisis as a simple morality tale . 
  hard-working , fiscally responsible northern europeans such as the germans and the dutch are being forced to pick up the tab for their profligate southern neighbors -- the greeks , the italians and the spanish . 
  germans tend to see the problem this way and , increasingly , so do many u.s. commentators . 
  unfortunately , that attractively simple story does n't always stack up -- most notably in the case of spain . 
  in 2007 , before the crisis struck , spain had a modest debt load representing just 36 % of its economy , according to european union figures . 
  and those responsible germans ? 
  they had 65 % . 
  a madrid pizza shop uses a sign of a euro coin to advertise its prices . 
  during the past decade , germany repeatedly breached the euro rules by running too large a budget deficit . 
  spain actually ran a modest budget surplus in the years before the crisis hit . 
  but have n't things changed since then ? 
  the german economy has powered through the crisis while the spanish economy has languished , so you would think the two would have traded places . 
  you 'd be wrong . 
  last year , spain 's public debt load represented 61 % of its economy . 
  germany 's rose to 83 % . 
  in fact , spain 's debt burden last year remained below that of the netherlands ( 63 % ) , france ( 83 % ) and , for comparison , the u.s. ( 93 % ) . 
  so if public debt is your yardstick , then the spaniards were paragons of virtue . 
  they borrowed lightly despite the fact that their euro-zone membership gave them an all-you-can-eat buffet of financing at bargain-basement rates . 
  as europe scrambles to find a solution to a debt crisis that 's threatening the world economy , it 's crucial to understand what actually happened in countries like spain . 
  otherwise , policymakers will end up prescribing the wrong medicine , with disastrous results . 
  `` the whole euro-zone strategy is predicated on the assumption that fiscal ill-discipline caused this crisis , '' said simon tilford , chief economist for the center for european reform . 
  `` that is a radically incomplete analysis . '', 
  if you believe that spain 's problem was that its government spent and borrowed too much , then the solution is simple : more austerity . 
  but spain 's problem was n't public debt -- it was private debt . 
  for much of the past decade , the european central bank set interest rates at the appropriate level for countries like germany . 
  that rate was far too low for countries , like spain , on the euro-zone 's edge . 
  so for years , spain actually had negative real interest rates , because its inflation rate was higher than the ecb-set interest rate . 
  that gave spanish households and businesses a huge incentive to borrow . 
  they did , with gusto , and ploughed the money mostly into housing , inflating a giant property bubble . 
  when the financing dried up after lehman collapsed , spanish banks and households were saddled with a glut of overpriced housing . 
  as spaniards labor to pay off that debt with ever-shrinking assets , the economy has ground to a halt , and unemployment has soared to 23 % . 
  that means that the economy can not restart and makes investors leery of lending to a country without any growth prospects . 
  seeking to get back into the good graces of investors , the newly elected spanish government has vowed to impose punishing new austerity measures . 
  that could prove counterproductive . 
  with households and businesses still paying down their debt , further cuts in government spending could tip the economy back into recession . 
  and that , in turn , will make spain less able to service its debts . 
  `` fiscal austerity of this order against a backdrop of recession is only going to make things worse , says mr. tilford .
