  i frankly wonder where she got these example questions ? 
  did she get them from turks living in turkey ? 
  do turkish people really think that way about germans ? 
   she was asked extremely unappropriate questions , at parties , by drunk people , probably a long time ago . 
  she considers herself german yet she somehow learned to speak turkish . 
   white saints ca n't have non-white servants without being racists ? 
  they 're not servants , they 're helpers . 
  they voluntarily help sinterklaas bring presents to children . 
  anyone who sees a bunch of black guys helping a white guy and comes to the conclusion that they must therefore be his slaves is a racist . 
  it may very well be unrelated to earlier incidents but if not then wtf is going on here ? 
   the map clearly shows how women move this map does not show migration patterns . 
  having an elected president does n't necessarily strengthen democracy . 
  it does n't always do that in the usa or russia and it wo n't always do so in the eu . 
  it does however always strengthen the illusion of democracy . 
  that thing that always strengthens democracy is sovereignty because it necessitates cooperation without coercion and compromise . 
   the culture should be the target so how do you target a culture ? 
  a culture is an abstraction . 
  afaik you can only target people . 
  of course , you can talk to people - individuals - but if you address them as a group , in public ( on reddit ) , then you just end up re-enforcing stereotypes . 
  what you said was ( and i paraphase ) : all roma are thieves because of their culture . 
  that 's an unfair generalization and therefore racist . 
  if you want to criticize a particular kind of behavior of particular individuals then that 's fine with me . 
  but we ca n't treat groups of people differently because we suspect them of having a certain culture that 's attached to a label . 
   it 's not about identification . 
  yes , it is . 
  as the judge said :  `` i ca n't , as a circuit judge , accept a plea from a person whose identity i am unable to ascertain . '' a dna test could have identified her as well but i doubt that 's practical atm . 
  i have no problem with an orderly protest . 
   99 % of all potential voters will never know your party exist in the first place . 
  that seems just a matter of time and effort . 
   norway deserves to be able to choose good leaders for the future - not to inherit them from the past . 
  the norwegian monarchy are leaders ? 
   a better europe define better in this context . 
  rebelling seems so old-fashioned and inefficient . 
  why not just start a political party that runs a campaign against these practices ? 
  we 're civilized people , right ? 
  we can achieve positive change without risking the destruction of valuable infrastructure ( not to mention peoples ' lives ) , i hope . 
  if we go in then who do we go up against ? 
  the egyptian military or the muslim brotherhood ? 
  or both ? 
  have either of those even asked for our help ? 
   only difference is that they can cross borders , and prosecute people of other eu countries too . 
  another difference is that this euro fbi would hoover up euro tax money rather than just polish tax money . 
   it 's called europol . 
  europol has no executive powers . 
  it is a support service for the law enforcement agencies of the eu member states . 
  i prefer them over any fbi . 
  so your saying that the state is just doing what it already was doing in general and it does n't matter that it involves specific groups within society as described in the article ? 
  that , in fact , the focus on mafioso that this article offers is irrelevant ? 
  eugenics comes into play when blood ties do . 
  there 's also the shared cultural and geographical background . 
  plus it involves 6000 people in the ` ndrangheta case . 
  it does n't matter what they are making . 
  why not ? 
  it sounds like they 're tribes ruling a geographical area in a rather feudal manner . 
  they seem to have a culture of their own . 
  this sounds like ethnic cleansing though . 
  it makes me wonder if that shop never gets any black customers . 
  looks like they were religious to begin with . 
  they migrated from a poor religion to a rich religion . 
   by making them religious what ? 
  how exactly does one make someone religious ? 
  thankfully . 
  that 's okay . 
  i wrote `` rightfull '' instead of `` rightful '' and english is my second language . 
  he may think he will . 
  he expects western civilization to be overcome by a muslim uprising or something . 
  that 's the moment he thinks he will be exonorated , let out of his prison and greeted as europe 's rightfull leader . 
  also , `` definitely '' . 
   de gustibus et coloribus non est disputandum `` of tastes and colours there is nothing to be disputed . '', 
   i.e. 
  it 's harder to oppress or enslave a man when he has a gun . 
  yeah , that 's why they get assassinated by drones . 
  guns are hilariously outdated . 
  geography . 
  we do n't have to love each other but we do have to live together . 
   my major issue here is that the friggin ' minister just told us to break the law . 
  if a law is immoral then you must break the law , right ? 
  you think any of the parties have the balls for that ? 
  because - unless we 're talking about some human-level ai - humans offer a unique perspective that a machine does n't have . 
  no system can offer a valid opinion that lies outside its area of pre-programmed expertise . 
  humans collect a wide range of experiences throughout their lifetime which allows them to develop common sense . 
  thus humans and machines complement each other . 
  to let the software benefit from the common sense the human mind offers ? 
  a system ca n't reason outside its field of expertise whereas humans tend to have a broader experience with the world . 
  does n't that mean that those students just need help ? 
  like from specialized software that compensates for any lack in talent or intelligence ? 
  an [ automobile ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/automobile ) . 
  it 's mostly bullshit . 
  correlation does not necessarily indicate causation . 
  the apparent attacker in the movie also alluded to having been attacked in his country by presumably western forces . 
  i just hope we do n't start blaming one muslim for something another muslim has done . 
  so swedes approve of the `` flat organisation '' but the sketch shows an absurd exaggeration of that way of doing things which is not how things are done in reality which thus confirms that the swedish way is the right way ? 
  the sketch criticises any slippery slope argument against the `` flat organisation '' concept ? 
  the part when the soldiers are unable to make a decision about attacking did n't seem smug at all . 
  it came across as criticism to me . 
  no offense taken . 
   hondsdolheid ... can be loosely translated as `` mad dog disease '' . 
   anyone punishing , massacring , bombing , slaughtering or taking advantage of a minority same thing should be true for those taking advantage etc. 
  of a majority . 
   leipzig is considering a legal challenge to the party 's claim on the phrase seems like the smart way to handle this .
