   just like what locals have been doing forever and everyday . 
  not to ten year old girls hopefully . 
   obviously it is already concluded there are forms of harassment it seems obvious to me that the people in the video have made up their mind , yes . 
  what the video does n't show is by what methods they did that . 
  if you watch the [ subtitled video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdssjq-fvou ) you can see that the grandfather told of his granddaughter being `` harrassed '' during physical education . 
  that grandfather was n't present during that pe class and did n't see what happened . 
  what he thinks he knows is what he 's heard from his granddaughter and we do n't know what his granddaughter has told him . 
  we only know of his interpretation of her words . 
  well , you can wave , you can call out to people in a positive way , you can make funny faces . 
  there 's no point in speculating though . 
  maybe but the article and the videos do n't specify and i 'd rather not speculate . 
  i wonder what was meant by `` harrassed from the windows of the shelter '' . 
  what exactly did these refugees do ? 
   in the netherlands you can get prosecuted as an adult even as a minor if your crime is despicable enough til , thanks . 
  they need to be proven to be adults first . 
  you know what really bugs me ? 
  this article is about the sexual exploitation of thousands of children for money by criminal gangs and i let myself get distracted by a couple of idiot racists . 
  damn . 
   and at least i 'm able to make observations without being rude . 
  i saw a circlejerk and i called it that . 
  there 's a subreddit for circlejerks and this is n't that subreddit . 
  you 're not adding anything intelligent to the discussion either so why did you even bother commenting ? 
  sir , why are you attacking that poor straw man ? 
  you guys should get a room and jerk each other off there , not here . 
  the real refugees , yes . 
  the fake ones ? 
  europe has always had illegal economic immigrants and they 've been dealt with in the past . 
  now that there are actual refugees , people whose lives were literally threatened in their home country , it 's time to learn to separate the wheat from the chaff . 
  we do not treat victims the same as criminals . 
  countries are not landlords . 
  i hate analogies . 
  what if they change their mind and want to leave ? 
  if you seize their assets does n't that mean they are stuck in the country they are in ? 
  if you kick them out of the country they would have no assets to fall back on . 
  besides , as far as the real refugees are concerned , how much do these people really own ? 
  maybe whatever they could carry ? 
  it makes it as bad as if they were children of german parents born and grown up in germany . 
  but you are allowed to own one at home . 
  the only reason that i can think of for a ban on pepper spray is that it is not a lethal weapon and so people are more likely to abuse it . 
  sure , okay , lots of things have occasionally been used offensively , kitchen knives for instance . 
  still , kitchen knives are not banned . 
  is there evidence that it is actually used in an offensive way ? 
   a swedish child who had been taught all their life that spanking/corpral punishment was child abuse would obviously feel that they had been abused had they been spanked , are swedish children intellectually aware of the definition of child abuse ? 
  if not , then being spanked would naturally be considered cruel and unusual punishment simply because of a lack of experience with being spanked . 
  the experienced norm is no spanking and any deviation from that would then be considered wrong or unfair , i guess . 
   one person could have harassed multiple women . 
  and 10 could have harassed 50 . 
  a hundred could have harassed 5 . 
  it 's starting to look like mass hysteria . 
  then again , i ca n't wait for the police to arrest over 500 people and try them all in a court of law . 
  i suspect a lot of people are not going to be rational about this . 
  there are a lot of unknown details and people will not wait for the authorities to inform them but make shit up based on their own fears and/or wishful thinking . 
  no , out of view of the 7 that were left behind so that they were n't able to see the assault happening . 
  that is exactly what i meant , yes . 
  that is true . 
  but the article does say the woman decided to sit elsewhere , perhaps out of view . 
   just 10 of poor afghan refugees 3 who committed the assault . 
  strangely i have n't seen any cellphone footage of this incident or the other ones . 
   is that not what racism was supposed to mean originally ? 
  not exactly . 
  there were/are entire theories about racial superiority that went/go deeper than skin color . 
   makes fun of the fact that there are a lot of romanians living abroad why does someone make fun of that specifically ? 
  you prefer a narrow definition that is only based on skin color ? 
  well , it 's technically a racist joke . 
  it overrepresents a minority as being the majority . 
  no , i 'm saying that russia has done that and is still doing that . 
  i just wish they and other people did n't do that . 
   then tell that to the russians i did in my original comment . 
  why would you assume i excluded the russians ? 
  no , i have n't and i am not . 
  i know that 's what today 's russians did . 
  and they justified it by digging up some old corps from history ( and it does n't look like they 'll stop doing that ) . 
  when i said ` people ' in my original comment i included the russians . 
  history for everyone . 
  it would be wise for everyone to not keep digging up old corpses to either rile up some righteous indignation or extrapolate other nations ' intentions . 
  i am aware people do this anyway no matter what i want . 
  the one about the water is interesting but , as you say , even today people are longing for it so there 's no need to drag ancient history into the argument . 
  the real question is how far russia would go today to get that access . 
  i do n't ignore it . 
  i just think it 's wiser to not dig up old corpses . 
  but that just proves my point that people should n't be digging up corpses . 
  especially not thousand year old corpses . 
   sometimes the present is n't so separated from the past . 
  please give me an example of how ancient history says anything about what `` russia '' wants today . 
  and personally , i think ww2 is ancient history by now . 
  i wish people would stick to modern history and not dig up old corpses to try to make a point . 
   i assume because of its implications . 
  one of which is a world wide standard for the application of antibiotics . 
  and that 's not going to happen any time soon . 
  i guess he does n't have a favourite one ? 
  i mean , that 's how i interpret it . 
  the technical term for that would be `` murder '' . 
  it 's not legal in france . 
  something about anti-terrorism laws . 
  charlemagne must be turning in his grave . 
  have those countries ever been involved in military actions in muslim countries ? 
  the link in the businessinsider article leads to a website for the treatment of foot fungus ... 
   natural does n't mean best , it does n't mean healthy , it does n't mean moral . 
  it can mean all of those things and more . 
   the admission of turkey to the eu is taken seriously not by everyone .
