  a bit too disney for my taste . 
  so if a court decides he did n't do it then all this patriotic happiness is going to look extra silly . 
  is he really still only a suspect btw ? 
  is he still presumed to be innocent ? 
  until someone builds flying vaginas . 
  i was actually thinking of penis enlargement spam . 
  flying penises everywhere . 
  just think of the advertising possibilities . 
  except your answer does n't help that person in deciding what the quality of this particular article is , it merely helps to create a bias towards the entire newspaper . 
  your answer may be correct but the question is wrong . 
  what would have helped was a quote from other independent witnesses to counter or confirm the authors ' testimony regarding this particular subject . 
  your answer to the op 's question was truthful and non-beligerent , yes . 
  but the only reason for asking such a question is to point to a bias of the source . 
  bias of the source is irrelevant , what matters is argument and counter-argument with regards to the message . 
  the subject of the post is the message not the medium . 
  any criticims of the medium therefore amount to an ad hominem attack . 
  do we have to discuss the medium rather than the message ? 
  ... after exhibiting a painting of myra hindley . 
   so much how much transparency is enough ? 
  i doubt there 's a simple answer to that question . 
  some forms of corruption need to be prevented ( like companies bribing politicians into making laws that benefit only those companies ) and people need to be held accountable for it . 
   to what do you need more speed ? 
  online service to a large number of customers ? 
  how much bandwidth does a company like amazon need ? 
  or mega ? 
  or a multiplayer game host ? 
   if there are no patents or copyrights i 'm more pessimistic than that . 
  large companies would be able to reverse engineer almost any product and out-compete the original vendor . 
   do you think that people should be compensated based on their results you ca n't just simply map results to compensation . 
  compensation varies even when the results remain the same . 
  you mean it helps small businesses gain a larger market and gives consumers more options ? 
   i trust the oranjes more than any elected politicians as head of state . 
  i do n't . 
  they 're just people . 
  so maybe europe needs to grow into something uniquely european ? 
  i know it still happens over here in the netherlands . 
  a literal slap on the wrist by the parents is not considered assault . 
  but i 've seen worse . 
  i personally will not hit children ( or anyone else ) . 
  my question is : do romanians really believe all this crap about atheists and journalists ? 
  being dutch i guess i 'm supposed to be an `` asker '' but what you do , the `` feeling around a bit '' and even the beating around the bush , seems somewhat natural with regards to sensitive issues . 
  i guess my memories are different . 
  maybe my parents tended to overuse the saying or something . 
  mostly , yes . 
  but do children always understand that it 's not a general rule ? 
  i know i used to misunderstand it that way . 
  do you hate disappointing people that much ? 
  otoh there 's also the saying :  wie vraagt wordt overgeslagen . 
   who asks will be skipped . 
   who does n't ask will be skipped . 
  you 're twisting my words . 
  it is not about looking good , it is about saying that a tragedy like described in the article should never have happened and saying that the turkey of today would not let it happen again . 
  people apologize to regain trust that was lost and to express respect . 
  they simply and sincerely acknowledge that a mistake was made and that they know better know . 
  it 's only a false apology if they do n't mean what they say . 
  you could apologize to set yourself apart from the people who were responsible for the tragedy . 
  because your better than that now . 
  hopefully . 
   if i do n't anthropomorphize dogs but my friends and family do can i still eat them or do i have to obey the culture around me ? 
  i would say you can eat them ( the dogs , not your friends and family ) without having to worry about there being something wrong with you then . 
   cats and dogs are not more self-aware than other animals people eat . 
  that my very well be true but different cultures ( to some extent ) anthropomorphize different species of animals . 
  if you anthropomorphize dogs and you still eat them then i 'd say there 's something seriously wrong with you . 
   giving a government so much power to make change you allow it to react to a changing world more readily readily ? 
  because some party proclaims to have a `` mandate of the people '' ? 
  the mere ability to bring change is not sufficient , it has to be the correct type of change . 
  finding that takes careful thought and discussion , something that is found quite easily in a government that has to navigate the viscous morass of coalition politics . 
   the fascination with using proportionalism in defence of ` victim ' groups well , god forbid people vote for a political party that actually represents them in government . 
   the institutionalisation of multitudinous identities , and the end of majority rule in favour of power sharing , all of these serve to break the network of trust that binds the citizen to their state i would actually say the reverse is true . 
  there is no way i could ever feel represented in a two party system , certainly not on a european scale . 
   the most important benefit of the fptp system over pr is that it allows the electorate to punish failure , by kicking them out of office . 
  typical binary thinking . 
  i guess most europeans have a more fluid idea of politics . 
  have a little faith , will you ? 
  maybe for ( eu ) politicians , getting out of the office ( or the ivory tower ) , taking the time and effort to campaign and take your case to the people , actually have discussions on a local level , making a convincing argument , is the answer ? 
  i 'm sure it must be possible to care about reelection and still do the right thing . 
  that 's a fairly undemocratic attitude . 
  pretty vague article . 
  no location of the airstrikes except which country . 
  no indication about possible collateral damage . 
  there was much more information available during the 2003-2011 iraq war . 
  is n't it a little early to assume that those bombs will only fall on isil members ? 
  well then i 'm wrong and there 's even today such a thing as a free lunch . 
  there used to be . 
  a long time ago you could just pick an apple from a tree . 
  or some berries . 
  did n't cost a thing . 
   do n't mention the empire , right ? 
  why not ? 
  britain is hardly unique in that respect . 
   we clearly did n't work hard enough and deserved the poverty that happened to us . 
  well , if you 'd have worked harder maybe the nazis would n't have kicked your asses and maybe the soviets would n't have done the same . 
   yeah , i know you were n't even alive back then probably . 
  it 's not fair to blame this on you , is it ? 
  he was obviously not being literal then . 
  link to the article ? 
  if these images do n't change syria , what will ? 
  but there are comments there as well , right ? 
  they clutter things up . 
  edit : i guess something like a group submission that looks like a subdirectory would be nice .
