  klaus iohannis has been put under quite a bit of pressure these days , as at the moment he is the only real link between the protesters and the political system they 're protesting against . 
  he 's not seen as being part of the problem , as he 's only recently been voted in and has so far supported the anti-corruption fight , although unfortunately the president ca n't really do much about it . 
  he has received criticism though for being a bit too quiet and slow to react to some events . 
  today he held consultations with the `` civil society '' , meaning leaders of non-governmental organizations and some people from those protesting in the streets . 
  this is an absolute first for romania ( the president only needs to consult the political parties before naming a new prime minister ) and as a personal opinion it 's something extremely beneficial for democracy and a very good precedent . 
  he has received some criticism for this though , due to the hurried nature of the consultations and the fact that the people in the streets ca n't really nominate persons to represent them . 
  they have however called him among them in university square to express their grievances , which is why he announced he will make a stop there , at an undisclosed time and date . 
  peaceful protests of everyday citizens = shit ? 
  what kind of democracy do you guys have in the us ? 
  [ and beat his kid bloody live * on national tv . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpwnxpkmfby ) * technically they beat him before bringing him in, 
  nah , he managed to screw up even this . 
  if he would 've resigned due to corruption charges , he could have continued to yell high and low that he was forced out by hidden interests , by political control over the justice system , that he 's a victim of prosecutors controlled by his political rivals . 
  he has already said this multiple times , so it 's not like i 'm making things up . 
  however now there 's no other way to phrase it except that he was kicked out by the people . 
  hurts a lot more and looks a lot worse . 
  he `` deserves '' it though . 
  ponta already owed us about 3 or 4 resignations : * he did not resign when he got caught having plagiarized his phd thesis * he did not resign after his government humiliated thousands of people from outside the country by forcing them to wait for hours in line to vote , with most of them having to go home at night without being able to do so . 
  in both election tours , 2 weeks apart . 
  * he did not resign after losing those elections , even if the vote was mainly against him than for the other candidate * he did not resign after being prosecuted and then indicted for 3 separate corruption charges , even if during the campaign for the elections mentioned above he said he would do so in a heartbeat if such a thing happened so yeah , unfortunately it 's not like he resigned easily and at his first fuck up . 
  even now , he was forced to resign by his party , as they were afraid he 's gon na take them down with him . 
  unfortunately we do n't need more prisons , as most of them only stay in for a few years due to their age and the fact that they suddenly start writing book after book to have their prison time reduced . 
  the bid was n't withdrawn by us , it was postponed . 
  this has happened before and had no effect on the mcv . 
  * yes , people from rural settlements are usually very open and cooperative . 
  * that 's actually more likely to happen in the big cities than in the countryside . 
  if you 're visiting one of these rural ad-hoc markets , there will be lots of bargaining , but nothing out of order . 
  * while most romanians can handle themselves with english , this is the environment where you 'll find the ones that do n't . 
  i doubt you 'd be able to find more than 1,2 persons that understand and can speak english ~ ~ well ~ ~ in the kind of market that op filmed . 
  * there are buses that go between bigger cities and stop in each village along the way . 
  just look for the central bus station in the town / city you 're in and you should find a complete schedule and a list of routes . 
  you can also try and get a ride from random strangers , as long as you can explain clearly where you want to go . 
  just write your desired destination on a piece of cardboard and go to the appropriate town exit and wait by the road . 
  * i do n't think it 's at a level that should worry you . 
  unless you 're really unlucky , you should be fine . 
   she is also seems to be the queen of the eu . 
  i thought the union was supposed to be a more democratic institution . 
  not that i agree with her , but we were perfectly fine with leaving merkel and hollande taking the lead when it came to the ukraine mess and the almost-disaster of greece . 
  that may be why they 're taking the lead here as well . . 
  hehe yeah , we all did great !, 
  * bad poker face *, 
  those young prosecutors ( although many of them are actually experienced , to not say old ) would n't have survived in the system or would n't have had to courage or opportunity to do their job properly if not for her . 
   if the eu does let us have the 7 year break on immigration but with a norway style deal i guess that could be quite a decent deal for both parties . 
  :d i can not wait for the actual negotiations to start , so some of you people start coming back to earth . 
  first of all , i 'm willing to ignore the fact that norway 's situation has always been different , as they never were in the eu to begin with , so in their case reaching a beneficial deal was a positive precedent for the eu to have as it would encourage countries skeptic of the eu to come closer . 
  the uk is leaving and we 're in different times altogether , so the motivation to provide them a good deal is much lower or none at all . 
  but let 's put that aside . 
  there are 27 members in the eu and all of them would have to approve the deal . 
  and if you think the eastern countries , which have a direct interest in immigration , would approve a 7 year ban , i would like you to explain it to me why you see that happening ? 
  any politicians supporting such a deal would get shredded at home . 
  and then you have the western countries , with eu skeptic movements in them . 
  giving the uk a pass on immigration , while also allowing it to retain full access to the markets , would be a suicidal move , as right after there would be a call for leaving the eu in all of them . 
  was wondering how long it will take for you to pull out the buzz word , bureaucrats . 
  i guess in your view laws should be drafted in a matter of days , without any paper trail and by people that know to put on a good show even if they do not necessarily know much about the field they 're trying to legislate . 
  otherwise i really do not understand where this `` bureaucrats '' name calling is coming from . 
   and it 's certainly not reflective of what the uk considers to be democracy . 
  here legislation is drafted and debated directly by the elected members of parliament , and is then sent to the higher house of lords , our equivalent of the commission , only to make sure that the new laws do not infringe on anything existing legislation . 
  you have your system and i 'm glad that it is working out for you . 
  however there are many other perfectly functioning democracies in europe and on other continents that have slightly different systems . 
  i do n't think a system becomes better just because the uk uses it , so you 're gon na have to provide more proof and arguments for it , or at least against other systems used in other countries . 
  i completely agree that the parliament should be the one that decides if a text becomes law and also be able to make any changes it wants to it . 
  and this is the case in the uk , eu and pretty much any other eu country . 
  however members of the parliament are usually not experts . 
  and even if they are , when they got elected became mainly politicians . 
  for these reasons , i feel it 's much more natural that the laws be handled by people that are n't politicians but have a solid expertise in that respective field . 
  call them bureaucrats , experts or whatever you like , but these people are in the best position to write laws because that would be their full-time job and they would n't have any political gain by writing a law in one way or another . 
  and you would n't be handing them any big power , since they should and dont have any say in how and if the text they drafted actually passes into law . 
  are you aware that this is very similar to how most democratic countries work ? 
  the commission of the eu = the governments of most countries . 
  pretty much every government , through its commissioners , drafts to-be-laws which then have to go through parliamentary approval . 
  it makes sense because that 's where usually specialists reside and also where the need for legislative changes is most obvious , inside the executive branch . 
  parliament can then make changes to these drafts and pass or reject the proposals . 
  and the eu parliament can have legislative initiative , in all areas except foreign policy and security i believe . 
  the commission can veto initiatives from the parliament , which i agree that does not necessarily make much sense , however i 've not found or heard of any such case in the last 5 years or so . 
  you 're a great example of how misinformation made manipulation very easy , thus causing people to vote based on reasons that have nothing to do with the reality we live in . 
  read-up on the eu council and of course on how the eu parliament , commission and council relate to eachother . 
  you may not change your opinion , but at least you 'd be basing it on reality , not cheap propaganda . 
  no but i mean what is the pretense of erdogan to get rid of these judges and attorneys ? 
  how does he justify sacking or arresting judges ? 
  or does he not even need to specify a reason just yell that they 're traitors ? 
  i do n't even understand what would judges and attorneys have to do with a coup ? 
  let alone 2700 of them . 
  this is beyond ridiculous and sad . 
  what you 're saying is completely different from what the guy said above . 
  the fact is you can do awesome and interesting work in romania as well and get paid handsomely while at it . 
  this is true for pretty much any field of work and it 's not required for you to be vp / svp . 
  and of course there may be more great opportunities in the eu , that maybe pay better , but that 's different from saying if you 're a romanian still living in romania , then it means you 're a lazy idiot . 
   it is a reason and a valid point , but not the only and not really the most important . 
  the feeling of stabilisation , security and belonging to the `` better world '' is also a factor that 's what i was saying as well , with an emphasis on the anti-corruption fight and democracy boost that we got . 
   russia is not right next to romania technically true , but it sure feels right next to us with what 's going on in eastern ukraine , transnistria and crimea . 
  of course he 's wrong . 
  how can what he said possibly make any sense ? 
  everyone here is mentioning the money as the main reason for which romanians like it in the eu . 
  while this of course plays a part , i do n't think it 's the main reason . 
  it may be hard to understand for countries that were not under the communist and dictatorial regimes , however recovering from these is a major pain in the arse . 
  entering the eu helped us a lot with this . 
  even before we joined , we were in a way `` forced '' to implement reforms and get up to a certain , albeit minimum , standard in most departments ( justice , administration , democratic principles , etc. ) . 
  after joining , eu was kind of a democracy watch dog for us . 
  if you visit this subreddit you may occasionally hear about romania 's anti-corruption fight and especially about some of its major wins . 
  well i guarantee you this would not have been possible at the moment without eu support .
