  this coming after they were the ones that yelled for the minimum turnout condition to be implemented in order to guarantee a fair referendum . 
  boy did it turn out to be fair . . 7.4 million people voted for nothing . 
  so even with their sabotage , the turnout was quite big for romania , but indeed 3.8 % lower than needed . 
  no other president or voting option gathered so many votes in romania in the last 20 years as the option to dismiss basescu . 
  yet he called this result a victory for himself and the triumph of democracy ( by staying home ) . 
   yanks are n't very friendly to us these days , but europe does n't necessarily offer precisely what we want from the world either . 
  this right here is my problem with uk : a bit too spoiled , a country that flirts with 2 `` girls '' at the same time but does not commit to any . 
  not a team-player . 
  this being left aside , as far as states go , uk is pretty cool . 
  i 'm not generalizing this . 
  basescu is by saying that 54 % of the romanians decided to boycott the referendum and thus support him . 
  which is indeed a ridiculous notion considering that , like i said , i do n't think we ever got a turnout bigger than 60 % in recent elections . 
  i was n't expecting honour , but this is a new low , even in romanian politics . 
  7.2 million people told him to go home ( no other candidate or option has ever gathered so many votes in our history ) , yet he came out and said that he 's glad that the romanian people have chosen to support him . 
  it 's mind boggling . 
  the vote of 7.5 million people will be ignored because of less than 4 % lacking in presence , caused by the boycott of those supporting the president . 
  and now basescu declares that he won and the 50 % + people that stayed home and did n't vote have defended the democracy in romania . 
  it 's not even a bad joke . 
  i do n't think romania ever had a 60 % + turnout , so 46 % with 2 sides boycotting the vote is incredible high , not to mention that 87.5 % of these voted for his dismissal . 
  in any other country , the president would take note of the huge vote against him and quit . 
  but no , not basescu , he says he 's won and thanks the romanian people for their support , completely ignoring those 7 + million that voted against him . 
   yes , he did questionable things , but never on a scale such as usl is doing now . 
  i 'm starting to think you have n't lived in romania for the past 8 years . 
  thankfully , the attributions given to the president by the constitution do not give him the possibility to actually do a lot of harm , but even so , basescu managed to not miss a single opportunity . 
  he is the president that announced economical decisions before the government even knew about them , he 's the one that never truly disguised his use of the secret services for personal political battles , he 's the one that did many out-of-place comments on certain court decisions ( for example , explaining that the government should n't follow a definitive verdict because the judges did not specify where the financing should come from , as if this was their duty . . ) , he 's the one that signed the famous pensions law that was unlawfully voted in the parliament by his own party ( the chairwoman counted 160 votes , when there really were only 80 supporting the law ) , he 's the one that went from calling oprea the `` head of the nastase mafia '' to having him in the government and supporting his party , he 's the president that has 3 warnings of racism from the national ethics commitee ( not sure if this is the name in english ) , he 's the one that told our doctors to go work outside of the country , when our hospitals are highly under-manned , he 's the one that lied to us about the real level of crisis in romania , just to achieve his re-election ( in the november - december 2009 campaign he was yelling left and right that we 're clear of the recession , that we 're recovering and everything will be good , just to come out and announce the most drastic austerity measures in the recent history of our country several months later , after he got re-elected ) . 
  and i could go on . 
  i will actually . 
  he 's the one that got caught on tape hitting a small kid and still denied it , he 's the one that made incredibly harsh and out-of-place remarks concerning king mihai , a historical figure that demands a lot more respect than him , he is the president that boosted his barely literate daughter in the european parliament and in various high paying jobs , he is the candidate that was seen with several convicted criminals during his campaign , using them to get funds and support from certain communities , he is the president that has never , ever been able to successfully cooperate with any institution or politician that was n't his direct ally or under his direct command ( i dare you to give me an example ) , he is the president that even if required by law to become neutral , he has participated in countless pdl internal meetings , while never going to another party . 
  i could still go on , but it really is late here . 
  some of these might not be against any law or the constitution , but the president should be a positive model for the country and all of these are certainly the opposite . 
  it was an emergency , because you ca n't decide to have a referendum and not have a law that says what it 's needed for it to have an effect . 
  and at that moment there was no law , because the one adopted by the parliament was at the constitutional court and was also not signed by the president yet . 
   and without a minimum turn-out rule , the other side can win with if only 5 people go to vote . 
  this is a stupid argument , as such a case will never ever happen . 
  :p it 's impossible . 
  if the side supporting the dismissal would stay home , they would risk losing the vote . 
  same goes for the other side . 
  they would both be encouraged to go out and vote and let the majority win . 
  on the other hand , with a minimum turn-out rule , the party supporting the president can easily encourage its voters to stay home , in which case it will be veeeery hard for the turn-out to be bigger than 9.5 million people . 
  it 's a very likely scenario and one that will possibly make the vote of 6,7,8,9 million people null , because they were n't 9.5 and because the other side stayed home . 
   we obviously have reached different conclusions reading the same thing . 
  that 's why i was asking for an example , so that we may debate it more clearly . 
  i 'm still waiting for one . 
  you should be the one giving examples , considering my opinion is the same as the court 's . 
  they did not give a negative verdict , something they did do in the past , so why do i have to prove the reasons for suspension were good enough ? 
  anyway , i 'm going to bed , it 's late here in romania . 
  i agree that some of usl 's moves were at the edge ( although the opposition greatly exaggerated this , inside and outside of the country ) and it was all done in a very short time ( which seems forceful , but is in no way against any law ) and i have gained a bit of mistrust in usls plans to truly change the abusive system put in place by the previous regime , but god damn , if you give me the chance to vote basescu out of the state , i shall use it fully . 
  keeping that man in such a high position , just to protest some of the moves made by usl to bring him in front of the people is an absolutely pointless and harmful gesture . 
  he has n't been and never will be a defender of democracy and dialogue and he is arguably more abusive than any of the leaders of any party in romania . 
  he has always profited from backlash against other politicians and has never came out with a positive campaign idea . 
  this has worked flawlessly for him so far , but hopefully not anymore . 
  keeping basescu as president for 2.5 years more will add nothing to the strength of our laws and democracy . 
  nothing . 
  what we 'll get will be more conflict between him and other institutions , more on the edge of the law interventions from him and a president that only has ears for a certain part of the country , the one that supports him and his party . 
  no thanks . 
  taking basescu down , by popular vote , is not a vote for usl . 
  we will have both presidential and parliamentary elections this year , where we 'll get the chance to penalize them , if we think necessary , for their handling of this situation . 
  but until then , we have in front of us a vote that has nothing to do with them , a vote that was declared reached through constitutional means by the court . 
  we need to vote for or against the dismissal of traian basescu and ignore any other tries to divert our vote towards other causes . 
   that 's why i think it is normal to require half of the voting population . 
  it 's ok that you do n't think the same . 
  so change the law through parliament , just like pdl did . 
  that 's what the parliament is for , to make and change laws . 
  the current form of the referendum law , that was approved by the court , has went through the parliament where it was voted by the majority . 
  funny thing is , it would have already been in effect if not for pdl making the complaint to the constitutional court , because they wanted back the original form , that they had adopted in april . 
  about the need for a minimum presence , let me tell you why it 's a stupid criteria . 
  presence can be affected by external factors , like what season it is , how 's the weather in that day , how old are the lists by which the number of needed votes is decided ( very old in this case ) , how well the referendum is organised , etc. 
  it 's complete bs that the validity of a referendum is affected by such unrelated factors . 
  i say affected because any harsh conditions clearly favor one side , the one that is against the dismissal of the president . 
  which leads to the second reason why it 's a stupid rule . 
  with a minimum turn-out required , one side can win by simply staying home . 
  the referendum can end with 8 million votes for the dismissal and 0 against and guess what , the president wo n't be dismissed . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  what legitimacy will the president have after this ? 
  and what kind of a vote it is when one side , the one in minority , can stay home to win ? 
   so basescu started that ? 
  he always went , then ponta came and said that he wants to go . 
  the fact that he always went does not make it his right to do so in the future . 
  the conference was mainly directed at the heads of government , which in our case is the prime-minister . 
  unless the prime-minister is named boc , in which case of course basescu will always go . 
  :p  it 's mind-numbing that for you that 's worse than than the actual plagiarism . 
  yes , the president using his power ( no matter if it 's the secret services or his control of parts of the press ) to hit on a rival is actually worse than plagiarism in my book . 
  not to say that ponta should n't resign for this . 
   care to give an example ? 
  how about asking a written statement from a new minister that he did not plagiarize his phd . 
  what kind of retarded condition is that ? 
   i 've reread the court 's statement now and i do n't agree that there is at least one point where the court agreed that there were sufficient grounds for a dismissal . 
  care to enlighten me ? 
  if the court thought none of the points were ground for dismissal , it would have given a negative verdict , like it did in 2007 . 
  they did n't do it now and like i said , admitted some of the points written in the suspension letter , so i do n't know where the confusion is . 
   the reason for that is because dismissing a president is supposed to be an exceptional situation . 
  it is an exceptional situation . 
  but the new law made by his party had made it impossible . 
  never , in any elections , has one party / candidate / option received 9.5 million votes . 
  not even close . 
  that 's usually the total voter turn-out . 
  only the fact that he changed this law in this ridiculous form should tell you what kind of president he is . 
   you say that cohabitation with him is impossible . 
  what had he done to to make it impossible since the power in parliament turned ? 
  did you miss the whole brussels convention argument of who is going ?
