  do you actually believe it 's that easy and clear and also , do you believe that if you say this sub is left and left is wrong , you 're actually right and have won an argument ? 
  the sax is back !, 
  not sure why you 're including the kingdom with the other two eras ; they could n't be more different !, 
  excluding of course the years of the two world wars , all in all it was a very prosperous and civilized period in romania 's history . 
  regarding the 10 years since we 've joined the eu , these have already been a period of remarkable growth and improvements in all sectors . 
  even so , we could 've done much better , however we keep getting [ hit by the plague ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_democratic_party_\\ ( romania \\ ) ) . 
  through our own doing , unfortunately . 
  i do n't want to presume too much , since i do n't actually know the situation , however two questions come to mind immediately : * is there anything preventing the isps from withdrawing from this agreement at any time they wish ? 
  for example , right after you 're out of the eu ? 
  * presuming they all stay within this agreement , who 's actually supervising them and are there any sanctions possible in case they do n't follow it ? 
  for some weird reason i 've yet to understand , i 've been following and actually posting on / r/the _ donald for a few months now ( not on this account ) , mostly correcting obviously false info here and there . 
  i 've actually been banned 3 times already just for this , but that 's a whole different story . 
  so i do n't have any concrete proof of this , it 's just the impression i got in th is time . 
  most of the accounts i 've interacted with there are active on other subreddits as well and from the way they post they seem to be quite invested in trump and his `` allies '' , more so than you would be if it was just a shitty job for you . 
  that being said , i definitely do n't exclude the possibility that there are pro-russian `` instigators '' within the subreddit , especially among the mods . 
  while i definitely agree that they 're basically doing russia 's game , unfortunately most of them have nothing to do with russia . 
  they 're trump 's young base and yes , it 's scary how deluded they are , at least those posting on that subreddit . 
   biggest subreddit on reddit * [ citation needed ] *, 
  58 % in paris , way under even this low average , so this is likely representative for his base . 
  i 'm actually getting a bit nervous now . 
  a 51 % - 55 % win would be pretty bad as well . 
  this is actually scary . 
  i know it 's probably coming from a 15y old , but even so , it 's scary to think that there are people among the new generations that `` need a new fuhrer to rise '' . 
  it raises mine , since this could have a strong calming effect on potential macron voters . 
  there are still several hours to go . . 
  good points , with which i agree as well . 
  i think the difference here between us is that i do n't see globalisation and in this more specific case , the eu , as threats to culture diversity . 
  the eu does not abolish in any way local autonomy and even if we reach federalisation , this will be restricted to financial , economical , political and security aspects . 
  on the contrary i would say , through eu funding it 's easier for local initiatives to take roots , for local authorities to be less dependent on the centralised country government and do their own projects ( including cultural ones ) , that the local community wants . 
  there 's no requirement for eu members to adhere to the same language or traditions or cuisine . 
  on the contrary : diversity is celebrated and that 's how it should stay . 
  yes , there will be influences among countries , trades of culture so to say , however that 's how it 's always been . 
  the current state of traditions and culture of each states is the result of such trades and influences , it 's not something that started with the eu . 
  regarding the usa example , i do n't believe it 's a very relevant one and definitely can not be compared to europe . 
  that 's because the us is very young and more importantly it started from a common `` ancestor '' . 
  there was never any major diversity to start with , so you can not blame federalisation for ruining it . 
  diversity has actually increased over the last centuries in the us , mostly due to the different resources and geography of each state . 
  why a nationalist though ? 
  to not be confused with patriotism , which is a moderate version of nationalism and in my opinion still makes perfect sense , even in this age . 
  i can understand being a patriot , wanting what 's best for your country , wanting to keep intact the culture of your country etc. 
  but in this day and age , when trade , communication , travel have long since passed the border of countries , with all the tools that we have at our disposal which enable world-wide reach ... why bunker down and raise walls around your country , at the risk of going backwards in time and attracting all the negative consequences of this ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  and make no mistake , leaders such as trump , le pen , farage are not patriots . 
  they are nationalists , with hints of fascism and a bucket-load of populism . 
  for example a nationalist would not make a distinction between the citizens of that country , based on their race or religion . 
  le pen and trump however do . 
  a nationalist does not automatically promote isolationism , while leaders such as trump and le pen due through promises such as building of walls , pulling out of trade deals and other agreements ( like the climate change one ) , pulling out of the eu and euro without any negotiations , etc. 
  i for example consider myself a full-blown patriot , more so than most of the people my age and that 's exactly why i want my country to stay in the eu and also for eu to continue to succeed . 
  no matter how i look at it , it 's by far the best option for my country going forward . 
  and being part of something bigger does not mean renouncing your own values , your traditions , etc. 
  it just means that you 're part of a team and you have to be a team-player when needed , while doing your own thing the rest of the time . 
  he 's a globalist nationalist , what do n't you understand ? 
  it 's so easy to convince you guys of something , it just takes a single piece of `` info '' . 
  btw , do you want to buy volcano insurance ? 
  anyway , could you tell me 3 issues that make macron extreme right wing and why they are bad ? 
  since you 're so convinced of this and find it so worrying , you should have no problems explaining it to me as well . 
  you 've ignored my other arguments and made a huge thing out of the last one , which again you misunderstood . 
  i of course meant to say that the so called constitutional court does not operate on the same rules and restrictions that regular justice courts do , for the reasons i highlighted , which is why it 's not representative of the justice system . 
  we 're not talking about parliamentaries here , rather about members of the guvernment . 
  oug 13 was a government decree , not a law passed by parliament . 
  the party leader , especially in this case , has full control of the majority of the parliament , which means he can easily force a member of the guvernment out if he wants to . 
  or even the prime-minister . 
  so i fail to see how it 's not possible and how it does n't fall into abuse of power to make the minister of justice put in an emergency decree that gets you , the leader of the rulling party , off the hook in your trial . 
   the dna ( ministerul public ) has no competency in doing a penal inquiry regarding the opportunity or legality of a normative act . 
  basically it 's not their business . 
  you 're confusing terms here and you 're reaching an absolutely hilarious and wrong conclusion . 
  basically , you 're saying that a minister can do whatever illegal shit he wants while issuing a decree , because he can not be investigated for it . 
  does that make sense to you ? 
  if so , i want what you 're smoking . 
  one of the confusions you 're making is that ministerul public = dna , which is not the case . 
  [ ministerul public is composed of many other sections of prosecutors . 
  ] ( http://www.mpublic.ro/ro/content/sectii-componente ) so saying this ministry can not investigate illegal acts committed during the issuing of a law is even more hilarious and wrong . 
  could i commit a murder while issuing a decree and be ablke to get away with it ? 
  apparently so , because the unit of criminal investigation is under this ministry . 
   so this leads me to the next confusion : having no competency in doing a penal inquiry regarding the legality of an act does not mean that you can not investigate illegal actions committed during that process . 
  it only means that dna and other prosecutors can not investigate if that act is legal or illegal . 
  which of course makes sense , but again , that was never the case here . 
   check the report , pt 123 . 
  the dna interviewed a large amount of people , they created a situation of stress and tension in the govt impeding their right to carry on their work . 
  i 'd be stressed as well if i knew i committed illegalities while issuing that government decree . 
  i fail to see your point . 
   just because a prosecutor says something , does n't make it true . 
  that is of course true , however dna has a 90 + % conviction rate sooo , you do the math if it 's a safe or not bet that those illegalities happened . 
  especially if you consider who the suspects are in this case . 
  the presumption of innocence applies and rightfully so in the court of law and when that individual deals with institutions . 
  i however am not in any way obliged to pretend that individual is innocent , when i know better than that what the chances are that he 's innocent . 
   you have a very messed up mentality if you take the word of prosecutors and police above the word of the justice system . 
  what word of the justice system ? 
  as mentioned , the constitutional court is made up of 9 politically named ex-judges . 
  it 's not supervised by any authority , its decisions can not be appealed in any way and its members are untouchable for 9 years . 
  they are not part of the justice system . 
  the investigation was never about the opportunity of the govt decree or its legality , it was about investigating if abuse of influence ( a person that has a lead function in a party uses his influence or authority to obtain unjust advantages or goods ) . 
  the dna started this investigation after it received a complaint , which they 're obligated to follow through . 
  also , why do n't you also post what they found in this investigation ? 
  while the initial complaint did n't confirm ( although it 's clear to everyone that the decree was meant to save the leader of the ruling party from his trials ) , it found a number of other problems : * suspicions of favoring the perpetrator * presentation in bad faith of innaccurate data to the parliament or the president in order to hide the commission of facts capable of affecting the interests of the state * theft or destruction of documents * theft or destruction of evidence during the investigation * intellectual falsification all these were allegedly done during the issuing of that government decree . 
  source : http://www.pna.ro/comunicat.xhtml?id=8044 also , the constitutional court is unfortunately heavily politicized and at the moment the ruling party holds the majority there . 
  so i 'd take any ruling they do which favours the rulling party with a grain of salt . 
  just recently , they postponed 4 times to give a verdict whether it 's constitutional or not to prevent a person from being prime-minister , if they 've been previously convicted . 
  the 5th time they just said they ca n't decide and that it 's up to the parliament to decide , leaving thus the window open for parliament to change the law and allow the leader of psd , the rulling party , ( the same guy for which the govt decree that sparked protests was issued for ) to become prime-minister . 
  even if he 's been convicted for electoral fraud and is now being prosecuted for abuse of power .
