  while the way they tried to make the changes was deplorable , the contents of the law they propose are the worst part , so it 's irrelevant if this time they 'll try to push it through parliament . 
  the damage will be the same if it becomes active . 
  so basically after the largest protests in romania 's post-ceausescu history , we only obtained a postponement , no resignations and the government officials continue to insist that we 're being paid and manipulated to go out on the streets and that their changes are good . 
   with a majority of the parlament psd & com the new govt will just be a rehash of the previous . 
  true , however there is a bit of nuance here . 
  the current government is basically hand-picked by psd 's leader , liviu dragnea . 
  they 're all incredibly weak in their fields , they 're not high-ranking party members and most of them have one type of connection or other with dragnea ( he 's the godfather of one , an ex-boss for another , etc. ) . 
  the prime-minister himself ( grindeanu ) has already been humiliated by dragnea countless times and it 's clear for everyone , even psd supporters , that dragnea is the one leading the government , not grindeanu . 
  dragnea did this because he could not be in the government due to his previous conviction for electoral fraud and also did n't want to hand someone else the power reigns in the party , as usually the prime-minister is also the leader of the majority party . 
  forcing psd to come up with a different prime-minister now will make them fight eachother , as dragnea no longer has the authority he had after winning the elections . 
  he may be forced to nominate a prime-minister that 's not 100 % under his control , which would be good because it means that new guy or gal could actually say no to outrageous proposals as the pro-corruption changes they recently tried to enforce . 
   they 've got 3.5 + years to make people forget this fuck-up ? 
  this will go down in the history books . 
  nobody involved will forget . 
  psd will go from 45 % to 15 - 20 % guaranteed , no matter what will happen until then . 
  especially since i 'm pretty sure they wo n't suddenly become responsible and competent . 
  the 2 parties are joined at the hips . 
  alde actually has a more open anti-justice speech , which is natural since they have the most high-ranking members ( adjusted to the party size ) with ongoing investigations or lawsuits regarding corruption charges . 
  yeah , now all that 's left are 3 years and 10 more months of waking up every morning , being afraid of what the government did during the night . 
  all while fighting with the parliament , since for example the changes adopted through the emergency ordinance will now go through parliament . 
  it 's a much slower process , but it 's still something that could go into effect without us fighting against it . 
  hopefully though the fear of the people 's reaction will keep them in check for a bit . 
  and we 're not done yet . 
  assuming they actually withdraw it properly tomorrow , we 'll still be in the street demanding the resignation of the prime minister . 
  the same party will name a prime-minister in his place , so it wo n't be a huge change , however the current one has shown that he can not be trusted at all and is willing to do anything to please his party . 
  what you 're saying is true only if we 'll be ready and willing to go in the street again . 
  going through parliament takes time ( 1,2 months at least , considering the president will try to stall it as much as possible ) , however there 's not much stopping them from doing it in the end . 
  they have the majority . 
  i wish you were exaggerating , but that 's exactly their attitude . 
  the fact that dozens of corrupt politicians will walk away scot-free is not even the worst part . 
  if these changes stay like this , it will be almost impossible to prosecute anyone for abuse of power , negligence , conflict of interest , nepotism . 
  there 's not been a bigger hit to democracy and rule of law in romania ever since ceausescu 's regime . 
  and even so , dragnea and psd will most likely still go ahead with these changes . 
  it 's unbelievable . 
  ok , so you concede that i 'm right about the orders . 
   trump is trying to protect the american people if this is his honest attempt at doing that , than the guy is absolutely retarded . 
  i 'll tell you why : * such measures have the main effect of antagonising people and they are an important cause for radicalism . 
  and this wo n't affect only people outside of the us , but many within , thus causing pockets of extremism inside the borders . 
  * would be terrorists do not arrive by plane , with perfectly valid visas or green cards . 
  i understand the vetting process is already incredibly complex and can take years . 
  applicants even have to disclose their financials , which i understand that not even some presidents have done cough cough . 
  it 's not how terrorist enter a country now ... 
  i 'd especially look at my first bullet point to see how it happens . 
  * the ban is easily bypassed since only 7 countries are included in it . 
  so you 'd have to either extend it to all muslims or to an entire continent or admit that it 's absolutely retarded , drop it and think of actually efficient ways to prevent terrorism . 
   it 's not a muslim ban also , it 's a ban from muslims who are coming from countries who have people known to engage in terrorist attacks . 
  then why were n't afghanistan and saudi arabia included among these countries ? 
  or hell , kyrgyzstan , since the boston bombers were from there ? 
   why is vetting suddenly racist and discriminatory because this is not vetting . 
  and even if it were , outright refusing someone just on the basis of his religion and citizenship is text book racism and discrimination . 
  look it up in the dictionary . 
  edit : i 'm curious to see what counter-arguments you have , in case you do not agree with what i said . 
   also executive orders go to congress first . 
  you 're either misinformed or are deliberately trying to distort reality just to support the actions of a man . 
  executive orders do not require congressional approval to take effect . 
  just look at what 's happening now with the people being detained at airports , not allowed to enter the us . 
  the muslim ban issued through an executive order is in effect already , with congress not having anything to do with it . 
  i do agree with you that executive orders by themselves are not necessarily harmful . 
  however , the ones issued by trump over the last week are absolutely shameful and i find it really sad that we can not stand united at least against the worst ones ( such as this discriminatory ban and the ones weakening the pro-environment fight ) . 
  if only the eu were a true democracy and merkel and hollande could just issue a flurry of executive orders and fix everything . 
  it 's not even the most retarded change proposed . 
  for example , nepotism would only be prosecuted if the person that got hired due to having a blood relation with the boss obtained illegal revenues from that job . 
  so it 's nepotism only if that person commits another crime . 
  or if you are over 60 years old , you get your sentence sliced in half , no matter what you 're in for . 
  it 's just crazy what they want to do and would have done it if not for some amazing circumstances ( their plan got leaked in the press , even if they tried to keep it super secret and then the president used a mostly unknown article from the constitution through which he was able to preside the weekly government meeting where they had planned to adopt this change ) . 
   le pen has vowed : `` we will find one bank somewhere in the world that is willing to lend us that money . '' russia . 
  they 'll find it in russia . 
  i think the only confused people are those that believed psd 's super nationalistic campaign slogans : take back romania from foreigners , if you do n't have a romanian name you should n't be in the government , etc. 
  everyone else pretty much knows that psd does n't give a crap about anything but having power and using it to stay in power . 
  nothing else . 
  so of course dragnea , if he ca n't be prime-minister , will name the closest person to him and the one he knows he can control the easiest , regardless of anything else . 
  so he names the person that was under him when he was head of a ministry and to which he 's godfather . 
   start a party and start campagning to those people instead getting butthurt and calling the voters stupid . 
  that 's literally what happen with usr . 
  it got 9-10 % ( official results still incoming ) . 
  and while it 's a very good score for a party that is several months old and with very limited resources , the nasty part is that it does n't seem to have taken a single vote from psd , the party it mostly campaigned against . 
   why not bother educating those people , why not make those people profit from that gdp growth romania has ? 
  because psd has held power in romania for almost 20 years in the last 27 years . 
  and while it always promises doing what you say , it never does . 
  and yet people continue voting for them when they hear again the promises . 
  now they added a nationalist note to the old speech and it seems it brought them even more votes . 
  we 're so fucked . 
  all the anti-corruption progress made in the last few years is now heavily threatened . 
  not to mention that the winning party won with a very nationalistic discourse ( george sorosz was involved ) , so who knows what this will give us in the next few years . 
  we 're still a very pro-eu country , but i 'm sure that psd ( social democrat party ) wo n't hesitate for a single moment to blame on eu any of its failures while governing the country . 
  [ meanwhile , romania . . ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-romania-gaymarriage-iduskbn18y1n8 ), 
  if you look at `` emissions per capita '' in the table from the link i provided , then you 'll see that the us is second . 
  luxembourg is first , but with a population of 570.000 it 's not really relevant . 
  so the us was 11th when it came to money committed / capita and 2nd at emissions / capita ( with an incredibly large population ) . 
  yet trump found that unacceptable . 
  you can also find gdp / capita in that table and the us really is n't in a bad spot ( it 's 9th ) , despite having a huge population . 
   they are switching to green energy because it is cheaper . 
  technology and the free market are driving the bus . 
  then why is trump swimming against the current and why does n't that worry you ? 
  well the complaint i 'm hearing is that the us would pay the most to the green fund , as a whole , not per capita . 
  if we take it per capita as you say , then the us is ( well , was , since now it has retreated completely ) 11th on the ranking of green climate fund contributions : http://www.greenclimate.fund/partners/contributors/resources-mobilized . 
  and somehow i do n't believe the countries that contribute more , per capita , pollute more than the us , also per capita : japan , switzerland , monaco , luxemburg , germany , sweden , etc. 
   ** taken as a whole ** , the range of published evidence indicates that the net damage costs of climate change are likely to be significant and to increase over time . 
   china is on the right side of china . 
  they are doing this out of self interest .
