  astute analysis there . 
  ca n't argue with this . 
   the only thing i can mention is that the vote to stay in the uk was 55 / 45 , while the vote to stay in eu was 62 / 38 . 
  and now many of the scotts will feel used and betrayed , especially those that voted to stay in the uk , because england used the eu card to keep them in during the campaign . 
  your only chance is that in which no 2nd referendum takes place due to the eu allowing scotland to stay as a member , even while in the uk . 
  not sure if that 's even possible . 
  why was the referendum made to be non-binding then ? 
  surely the elected officials that made this law had a very similar scenario in mind with the brexit one : a last obstacle for populism and manipulation to cause serious and permanent damage to the country . 
  bottom line is your elected officials made the law that says the ref is non-binding . 
  as such , in this exact situation , how can consider a `` north korea level of democracy '' if that aspect of the law is used by your elected officials ? 
  oh noes , the world has problems . 
  let 's destroy everything we 've built in the last tens of years , because that will fix everything . 
  / s and the man with the mediocre part-time job that voted leave did n't know what the fuck he was voting for . 
  he voted to maybe improve his life after being convinced that the eu was to blame for this and not himself or the local politicians . 
  nope , the eu . 
  i 'm looking forward to such people realising that almost nothing will change for the better in their lives , but that they will have more challenges to face . 
  regarding the eurozone , most of the countries that are not in do want to enter , but do not yet meet the requirements . 
  romania and bulgaria for example . 
  in the uk 's case though , i 'm pretty sure it meets most of the acceptance criteria . 
  glee ? 
  i really do n't think that 's applicable to any of us . 
  i think it 's more about dismay : we 're shocked and disappointed that this was the decision taken by the majority . 
  what makes me personally go even beyond that a bit is how leave won . 
  i 'm not blaming the people , but the politicians and media . 
  it 's an embarrassment really as far as i 'm concerned and you can see the country i 'm in so that should tell you something . 
  another reason why no one here is happy or celebrating this is the fact that we 'll all get hit by this , not only the uk . 
  and we did n't even have a real say in it . 
  if you call getting about 1 % of what you wanted a compromise then sure , it can be considered a compromise . 
  not to mention that every little such win will be subject to years of harsh negociations between the uk and eu and i do not think anyone knows what the outcome will be . 
  and after a deal is struck , the uk will always be subject to changes in the eu regulations ( in which they 'll no longer have a say ) , if they 'll want to keep their access to the eu trade market . 
  anyway , the real question is why are n't many leavers furious on the fact that they 're finally getting some actual facts from politicians , but only after they 're now irrelevant since the vote has been cast . 
  i know i would n't like feel used like this , especially since the consequences are of historic magnitude . 
  and the eu actually became a union with this vote , since finally the super favored and pretentious country , which was never really in , left . 
  so if you look at this in a completely selfish way , it 's best for both parties . 
  unfortunately the whole range of consequences amounts to something completely different . 
  pretty much every area that matters ( science , labour , freedom of movement , assistance , eco , etc. ), 
  will have to suffer , especially in the uk . 
  you say you 're now a more democratic country , i say democracy failed on this vote . 
  the majority based its vote on outright lies and manipulation from the local politicians . 
  you also did n't fight for democracy with this vote . 
  you actually gave up on fighting for a democratic structure that unites the entire europe . 
   give me a break . 
  how many more do you want , you just got one . 
  seriously though , i 've no judgement regarding the people that voted leave , however i have watched the campaign . 
  the arguments on the leave side were at the very least purely emotional and at the most completely idiotic . 
  sure , you can find genuine advantages from leaving the eu , but as a whole it 's not a close contest . 
  anything wrong with the eu can be fixed from within . 
  i mean , applying the same principle , scotland / wales / n irl should get their independence as soon as possible from the uk . 
  and then each region from england should also get its independence . 
  and then maybe split some more in even smaller pieces . 
  in all these cases the argument can be made that they 're governed from distance and they do not have full control over the laws they have to abide to . 
  you 're taking rationalisation to extreme levels . 
  in this state you 're in , trump could screw your mom right in front of you and you 'd still find a way to make it not his fault and find the merit in that : `` trump did me a favour , mom was not getting along with dad anyway , he just made her realise this sooner rather than later . 
  and he may even give me a brother !, 
  good old trump ! '', 
  trump lied or at the very least talked without knowing jack shit about what had happened in sweden . 
  that 's what trump did and nothing else . 
  he did not have the intention of starting a complex discussion about sweden 's current status ( whatever that may be ) , he just wanted to prove his point that immigration is the plague . 
  and it 's not like it happened once and we 're being too harsh on him . 
  he gets caught with lies or misinformation all the freakin ' time . 
  and he never takes responsibility , always blames someone else . 
  as if it 's not just as bad using unverified information when you 're the president as it is outright liying . 
  he is a petty and shitty human being , not to mention a terrible president . 
  but then again , he pretty much did all the possible nasty shit someone can do , so if you and so many others still do not see this , then i 'm just losing time here . 
  i actually hope he never takes it to the next level by completely mismanaging an important event , because i 'd rather never having to tell you `` i told you so '' and just forget about trump 4 years from now , then having to deal with whatever shit he may stir from his current position . 
  you really should n't accuse the other side of creating false news reports , when trump actually created a terrorist attack in sweden out of thin air . 
   but of course , who knows what else was going on with him that day , right ? 
  the even more worrying part is that there are such examples on an almost daily basis . 
  the handshake here is a trivial thing . 
  it does n't really matter at the end of the day . 
  however the fact that not even regarding such a small irrelevant issue some people can not accept the video evidence and claim it actually means the opposite , shows in what screwed up `` information era '' those people decide to live . 
  yes , of course there 's a small chance he actually did n't realise he should shake hands at that moment . 
  however from the videos shown this scenario is highly unlikely . 
  when are we gon na stop making excuses for this guy ? 
  he is obviously exactly as bad as he seems , there 's no hidden explanation for the retarded things he does and says . 
  merkel has a lot on her plate as well , maybe even more , but you do n't see her `` space out '' or getting offended for childish reasons . 
  nobody is forcing him to be president , if he ca n't handle it then maybe he should just say so and leave it to someone else . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulfukueutiu there 's no way from 0:55 onwards he does not realise both the journalists and merkel herself are expecting a handshake . 
  it 's so obvious , plus it 's something that takes place in pretty much every meeting like this one . 
  then you know it 's safe to assume that the current growth trend in africa and some parts of asia is not something that will just go on indefinitely . 
  it 's mainly a symptom of their current living standards and culture . 
  and it 's something europe has gone through as well . 
  and the best way to fix it is to increase the living standards there . 
  europe currently has the opposite problem , so if we 're smart we could use immigration as a way to fix our stagnating numbers . 
  have smart and controlled immigration and instead of isolating and demonizing immigrants , we could all work on integrating them as best as possible into our culture . 
  it 's so silly to be so scared of less than 0.5 % of europe 's inhabitants destroying the existing culture . 
  if this were actually possible , it would only mean our culture is weak , not that the threat they pose is great . 
   and people from the middle east and africa have been proven to have lower iq 's . 
  is this a median or an average ? 
  do these studies also mention the correlation between lower iq and poverty and lack of education and pay-off for being educated ? 
   to be quite frank , africa does have a population problem . 
  [ you might find this informative . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsbt5eqt348 ) . 
  it describes a part of population growth phenomenon that 's ignored in the mainstream completely . 
  both . 
  70k in bucharest , 110k in total in the entire country . 
  so it 's definitely not as big as last sunday , however i believe these would still be the biggest protests since 1990 , if we 'd ignore the last 14 days . 
   well we basicly won you sweet summer child . 
  we won the first battle , however until the next elections , which are 3 years and 10 months away , we will have to constantly stay vigilant and it 's basically a guarantee that there will be other such battles . 
  they plan on submitting the law through parliament this time , so basically at the moment all we did was postpone it . 
  this is why the protests must continue .
