retarded , racist , in bad taste and taken from google translate ? 
  yes . 
  interesting ? 
  not so much . 
  i am absolutely flabbergasted that they got romania right . 
   getting defaulted is usually a bad thing that 's only because no sub has been defaulted just for europeans up until now . 
  we shall be the exception from the rule , the shining light within darkness !, 
  have you seen / heard their propaganda lately ? 
  no matter what would have happened tonight , they would have found a way to twist it in their favor . 
  i 'm also pretty sure we should not give so much thought to what russians think of us . 
  they obviously do not care of what we think of them . 
  one could argue that forcefully annexing part of a different country is more than just politics . 
  it 's pretty much against everything the eu has been in the last few decades . 
  i agree that booing 2 girls that actually sang well is unclassy , however it can also serve as a sign for russians that what their power-mad and corrupt politicians are doing is not without consequences , no matter the context . 
  probably a weird question , however i was wondering if you have on your radar any romanian members of parliament that you think should definitely get a new mandate , when it comes to how active and constructive they 've been during the current one . 
  thanks for the ama !, 
  they 're not the problem . 
  they are obeying orders . 
  orders given by corrupt and evil fucks that do n't want to renounce their nicely paying jobs and power . 
  dolphins are people too !, 
  phew , we really managed to dodge a bullet with this one . 
  the conspiracy theory goes like this : in the 9 years that he 's been in charge , president basescu has made sure ( even through making a pact with his theoretical rival , the prime minister ponta ) that he has his own people leading this institution . 
  this would explain why  his favourite politician , udrea , has escaped now 2 major corruption scandals even if she was smack in the centre of everything ( bute match + the summer event thing from a couple of years ago ) ,  why the agency has been so incredibly active to prosecute those that brought people to vote at the referendum raised against the president last summer . 
   why usually his rivals quickly get thrown a lawsuit in their face ( deservingly or not , it does not seem to matter ) . 
  for some it disappears as quickly as it appeared , after the media has had fun with the news for a couple of weeks , while some do indeed go the full length . 
  so yeah , this is the conspiracy theory . 
  is it true ? 
  probably not fully , however you really have to be blind or loyal to one side to not see a weird pattern in the prosecutions or the people that get named to be in charge of the institution . 
  just to be clear , i 'm not saying people like nastase , voiculescu , becali , whatever , do not deserve to be in jail . 
  they most likely do , however choosing such targets according to one man 's interests is definitely just as bad as letting these individuals free , if not worse . 
  pretty funny that turkey is on green . 
  romania is envious . 
  funny thing is , there was one song in romanian last night , and it did n't belong to romania . 
  thanks moldova for representing us , i was really rooting for you guys !, 
  could be worse , our president drove drunk ( although he was in a better state than this guy ) , after a whole night of celebrating steaua 's victory over rapid bucharest in uefa league . 
  ca n't seem to find the clip right now as it 's several years old . 
  most definitely not . 
  it 's either just a reporter wanting to create a good story , or a fucked up monastery that went off the rails . 
  probably the second . 
  if there are no cars in romania , why the hell ca n't i ever find a free parking spot ?!? 
  :( as for the first one , nobody really cares about reading news related to romania , unless they 're weird or shocking . 
  so of course these are the only things media outlets report . 
  the last two are indeed real problems ( corruption and poverty / no education ) , but almost surely not as big as you 've probably been led to believe . 
  i used to say this , until i watched a few matches , read some rules online and sudddenly realized the game is actually pretty darn interesting . 
  i hate that there are too many pauses , but either than that it 's a very fun sport to watch imo . 
  a reduction of the avt , that 's at one of the highest levels in europe ( 24 % ) . 
  constitution changes , that i 've outlined in a different message here . 
  heavy reforms in the medical and education systems . 
  dude , cmon , elections are over , you can quit the propaganda . 
   constitutional changes coming will subdue the judicial system and place it under the watchful eye of the parliament ; a parliament formed by a vast majority of criminals and puppets controlled by criminals . 
  i mean seriously , what the heck ... 
  the pre-election campaign was a very weird one . 
  for once , there really were n't that many promises . 
  main reason for this is that things were pretty much set in stone already and , even more importantly , usl was riding on a huge huge wave of actual hate against president basescu ( who managed to keep his job this summer even if 7.4 million people voted for his impeachment ) and his party , pdl . 
  so they really did n't have to promise much , except maybe a different way to govern than what has happened in the last 3,4 years under pdl . 
  about the constitutional changes , there are a couple of important ones on the table : * related to the structure of the parliament : one or two rooms , less members ( we 're getting close to 500 right now ) . 
  * a transition towards a more parliamentary republic , as the current semi-presidential one has shown its weaknesses under president basescu ( and not only ) . 
  * reorganizing our administrative districts and a move towards more decentralized local institutions . 
  if you have any questions , feel free to ask . 
  dude , stop linking nice pics !, 
  do you want refugees ? 
  because that 's how you get refugees . 
  * do n't listen to him guys . 
  iasi is terrible terrible place , with terrible stuff in it . 
  not cool at all , full of terrorists . 
   about the eu , well maybe we do n't enter immediately , but if people want we will enter eventually . 
  like it or not , you 'll be in the hands of spain , since all member states have to agree in order for a new one to be opted into the eu or even euro zone . 
  and not only spain . 
  the uk probably wo n't agree either , considering their similar situation . 
  and these 2 countries wo n't be alone . 
  and this is assuming you even get so far as being officially recognised as a state by the eu countries . 
  which is something that again depends on spain . 
  from what i 've heard , spain 's constitution ( as is the case with pretty much any state 's constitution ) , does not allow separation , dividing of land , etc , so at the moment there 's no legal context that could allow catalonia to be officially recognised as an independent country at a global level . 
   when you 're talking about becoming a real region in spain , do you mean to ask for more autonomy while remaining part of spain ? 
  i 'm mainly referring to having the same level of autonomy as all the other autonomous regions that compose spain . 
  be on the same level . 
  and then if you want more rights or better representation , ally with some of the other regions and put pressure on the central government . 
  there 's power in numbers , not in isolation . 
  if i put myself in the shoes of the central government , of course i am going to refuse requests for more autonomy , in order to not open the flood gates for all other regions as well . 
  unless the request comes from more regions at the same time , in which case i would definitely have to open some form of negotiations . 
  there 's another way though . 
  a way that is applied by most countries / regions , namely to become better integrated into spain . 
  once you do that , you 'll have more access to the institutions that govern and legislate the country . 
  i 'm not talking about a take-over , rather about becoming an actual part of spain . 
  at the moment i see you already referring to spain as a different country than the one you 're in , which is a bit ridiculous imo and i can easily understand this kind of attitude leading to isolation , lack of cooperation between the 2 entities , resentment , etc. 
  due to this , you guys feel you 're not getting enough from spain , while they feel they 're giving you too much , since you 're already kinda out of spain . 
  so of course there will be problems . 
  independence is one solution , yes , but actually becoming a real region of spain is another . 
  anyway , i just watched a pretty interesting interview on bbc with one of the pro-independence leaders ( did n't get his name , sorry ) and i was surprised to see him selling the idea that catalonia as a new independent state will still be part of the eu or be able to use the euro as a national currency . 
  as i mentioned in my initial message , i do n't have a connection with this and i actually would like a vote , so the people can decide , but i do hope that you 're not being manipulated into voting pro-independence through such false promises . 
  catalonia will not be in the eu / euro zone automatically and it will take years and years , if ever , to join , since all states have to agree ( so this includes spain and any other state facing a similar risk as spain ) . 
   the central government would rather just absorb catalonia . 
  there 's really nothing terrible about that and it 's actually how most countries function ... as a whole . 
  you can still have your cultural identity and be completely integrated into the political / structural / economical system of a country . 
  it 's how is the case in most countries . 
  well for instance , i think we can agree that ireland would n't have been so dramatically affected by the 2008 crisis if it were part of the u.k. of course , any country of any size and financial / economical power can be affected by such events , as is even the case with spain , but dividing spain into multiple independent regions would definitely not be a solution to avoid such risks . 
  as for the other examples , i 'm not sure how we can asses the progress and situation of the balkan countries at the moment , while regarding the baltics , of course they 're better off in their current situation . 
  however spain is quite different from the ussr . 
  the disadvantages i 'm thinking of are structured i guess in two main categories . 
  the first one is the number of backward steps they 'll be taking together with this move .
