  i imagine the new country will not be automatically part of all the treaties , alliances , unions , pacts spain is part of . 
  and they wo n't just be instantly and with no strings attached invited into all of them . 
  heck , they wo n't even be recognised by many important states , for obvious reasons . 
  there will also be a need of dramatic restructuring , which means a period of free for all that can have dramatic effects if not handled properly . 
  the second category can be described as swimming against the current . 
  in a time when europe is slowly trying to merge together , to act as one entity , as this is obviously the best way to stay competitive in this highly globalised age , they 're going the opposite way while inside europe . 
  this will most likely cause frictions , tensions and problems for both catalonia and europe as a whole ( which will ofc affect catalonia as well ) , since i 'm sure many citizens will resent the notion of somehow merging again with spain , through the on-going unification of europe . 
  plus , as i said initially , independence or not , catalonia will still be heavily dependent on spain in many ways , starting with the fact that they share a land border and ending with the obvious countless industrial / economical / financial inter-dependencies . 
  can i ask why do you want this so badly ? 
  it 's a genuine question , as i do not have any connection with this topic . 
  is there something you 're missing or being deprived of ? 
  or is it mostly the patriotic / nationalist feeling of being your own country ? 
  or are there other reasons that i am not aware of ? 
  the only opinion i have on this is a general one . 
  namely that separating in a small independent region usually brings more disadvantages than advantages . 
  the people in catalonia may suddenly become more relevant for the country they 're in ( since they 'll be the entire country doh ) , but much much less relevant in the rest of the world , including of course spain . 
  and you 'll still be dependent in many ways on spain . 
  i 've watched the other recent similar ( ? ), 
  debate , scotland vs uk , and in my honest opinion the right decision was taken there , by the people . 
  is catalonia vs spain that much different ? 
   one year for rigging elections ? 
  it was a weird one . 
  basically the election in case was a referendum to overthrow the president at that time . 
  the result of the vote was well known , namely that most voters will say yes to dismissing the president . 
  however the problem was that more than 50 % of romanians with voting rights needed to attend . 
  so dragnea basically got caught with trying to bring people to the vote , giving them stuff in exchange for them going to the vote . 
  it 's still interfering of course . 
  and also dragnea is well known for doing shit like this every election in his region . 
  however i do n't think the case against him this time was very solid , so he got away easy . 
  and in the eyes of his party he 's a hero lol , since he risked his freedom to get them to win that referendum . 
   also how has klaus iohannis been so far , i heard good things about him ? 
  he gets a lot of shit for not coming out and holding speeches very often . 
  i guess people are still used to and for some reason still want the style of the ex-president , that used to go almost daily and say whatever was on his mind , usually causing shitstorms for no practical reason . 
  however i personally and many others think he 's doing exactly what needs doing and also what he promised during his election campaign . 
  less talk , more action . 
  he 's been holding regular meetings with the parliamentary parties , trying to get them to work and cooperate on key issues such as changing the election law , deciding on a long-term plan for our defence area , making reforms inside the parliament and political parties and a few others . 
  he was the only politician that dared to stop the new fiscal code ( instead of signing it into law he sent it back to parliament ) , claiming the tax cuts in it were just too much too soon and it could risk damaging our long-term growth . 
  once he did this , he was backed up by most specialists , our national bank governor and also imf / ecb and in the end the parties came together and made some changes to the new code , in order to apply the cuts over a longer period of time . 
  he 's also been a strong supporter of the fight the justice system is waging against corruption . 
  he ca n't do much as president , however he does put a lot of pressure on the government and also made it clear that he will not pass any laws that threaten the anti-corruption fight . 
  he 's also been very active externally , making more foreign visits during these 9 months than the ex-president did in 2-3 years . 
  edit : typos, 
  defend from what ?!, 
  that 's what i do n't get . 
  nobody is trying to attack russia , or anything of the sort . 
  and if they have a beef with usa , then some piece of land from georgia wo n't help them in any way ( unless ofc it 's the actual us state and not the european country ) . 
  it 's like they 're stuck in a war mentality , when everyone in europe is trying to do anything but war . 
  either that or they 're too afraid to compete economically with the rest of europe and they just choose to threaten and assault neighbours , so they retain control . 
  why be partners and fair-play rivals , when you can just bully countries into having your way . 
  i do n't really disagree , just have a few extra points to make . 
  eurozone is indeed a currency union , but until it is a fiscal union as well , it 's hard to really forget about country boundaries . 
  i think this is the main thing to take from the recent issues with greece and other countries . 
  we need to move towards fiscal union as fast as possible . 
  of course i say we , but it 's worth mentioning that romania is not part of the eurozone yet and wo n't be until at least 2019 . 
  my most important point however would be that the measures requested by the eurogroup are not all job cuts and tax increases . 
  quite a few , i believe actually the majority , are structural reforms that are sooo very needed in any country , such as de-politicizing institutions , anti-corruption measures , civil justice system reforms , a sustainable pension system , going forward with privatisations , etc. 
  these are all reforms that have little to do with cuts and are very much needed in any country . 
   either wealth has to make its way from the core to the periphery that 's a whole different thing that crisis loans . 
  there are many ways for countries , especially developing ones , to access non-reimbursable eu funding for various internal projects . 
  that 's a whole different thing and it 's happening . 
  i know for a fact that romania actually has a problem absorbing all the money the eu puts at its disposal . 
  well first of all , for most things such as electronics , cars , oil , etc. 
  the price is more or less the same . 
  a samsung product costs almost the same , no matter if your country has 150 or 1000 minimum wage . 
  as for the cost of living when it comes to food & utilities , sure , these are probably cheaper in romania , but i doubt they 're 2,3 times cheaper . 
  i 'm not sure how valid [ this source ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_countries_result.jsp?country1=romania&amp;country2=greece ) is ( although prices for romania are mostly accurate , however it does n't show a huge difference . 
  one reason for this would be that our vat has been 24 % during the last 5 years . 
  even for food . 
  it 's been raised from 19 % during the crisis and only next year it may be taken down again to 19 % . 
  and if you indeed have prices for food and utilities much higher than normal , this is also something that you should look into fixing . 
  it 's usually a sign of corruption & bad management . 
  i see no reason why greece should n't be able to grow enough food and produce enough electricity in order to have it available to the general population at a decent price . 
  for the record , average salary in romania * now * ( so we 're not talking about the crisis period any longer ) is 420 euros , while in greece , also now , is 1000 . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage ) it 's easy to deduce that during 2009 - 2011 , the difference was much bigger , as romania was in full recession then and we went through many cuts . 
  i do n't believe we tried to put it on the table and i firmly believe it was the right thing to do . 
  we can not treat the eu as a piggy bank , that we can just break we need it and forget about it . 
  it 's there to provide assistance in the form of consistent and cheap loans , but that 's it . 
  all those money are still money taken from each country , so there needs to be responsible spending . 
  i think it would be a very prone-to-abuse system that in which countries could have their debt slashed just by pushing hard enough . 
  it promotes over-the-top spending and will erode solidarity , since of course some countries would use this opportunity more than others . 
  just a regular month in romania . 
  ever since politicians started being caught , shit like that comes up almost every time the parliament is in session . 
  i find it amazing that we 're on the right track , considering what politicians we have . 
  i guess we 're lucky that their incompetence is bigger than their greed and corruption . 
  another way to look at it is that the greece crisis is probably one of the hardest tests such a union can face . 
  we almost failed to pass it and we may still do , but if we all ( including greece ) manage to come out of it stronger , then that does mean something and it 's no easy feat . 
  what good would `` room to grow '' do for a country that 's quickly shrinking ? 
  it 's silly to mention that now . 
  you first need to stabilise , get a solid footing . 
  this means getting help , agreeing to reforms you may not have the power to apply by yourself and yeah , selling assets not at the very best time for the very best price . 
  and before you say why not postpone all loan payments for like 5 years . 
  remember please that greece is not the only country in europe . 
  those money are needed by other countries as well , some of them poorer than greece ( not counting the whole debt thing of course ) . 
  and even for the countries that may not need the money ( although it 's silly to say that ) , like germany , france , etc. 
  please remember those are democracies as well . 
  the governments have to answer for their actions in front of their people . 
  how would they be able to explain to their citizens the fact that they gave 50 billion euros to another country and are fine with not getting them back anytime soon ? 
  there 's solidarity and then there 's being taken for granted . 
  i seriously do not understand what could have possibly been a better solution .
