  well it was in tsipras 's power to do it , but there 's no way in hell it would have been a better solution . 
  debt reduction ? 
  hah , good one !, 
  my country cut wages from ~ 200 euros to ~ 150 euros ( yeah , that was the minimum wage in romania in 2009 , not 1000 like in greece ) just so we have enough to be able to pay our debts to imf and keep things going and the issue of debt relief was never on the table . 
  giving this now to greece would show double standards that not only would damage current relations , but would make for a very bad example for the future : get in trouble , no problem , just push hard enough and you 'll get a clean slate . 
  and about greece 's hope to repay its debt . 
  this is why the creditors are so harsh . 
  without crazy strict and precise reforms , there is indeed little chance that greece will be able to repay its debt . 
  this is why the other european countries did not give in and pressed hard . 
  a deal like the previous one made a few years ago would indeed surely lead us back to the same situation . 
  and if you want to talk about humiliation , that can only be that greece left itself to reach this position . 
  sure , the guilt may not only be with previous greek governments ( although they did have all the cards needed to not place greece on this downward spiral ) but there 's also no way greece can throw all responsibility towards europe . 
  this negociation was not humiliating . 
  it was just the effect of the humiliating position greece finds itself in . 
  even more , debt restructuring is now on the table , which is absolutely great for greece . 
  they need to implement reforms , apply for the restructure and if they get it , i really see no reason why they should n't be on their way to get out of this mess . 
  sure , it will be hard , but they wo n't default and they 'll also not reach 150 euros minimum wage , so it 's definitely something they can go through and come out stronger at the end . 
  it 's hard for a program to succeed when most of its steps are not implemented . . more than half of the measures the greek government voted through parliament this week were measures promised 2 years ago , when they received the 2nd bailout . 
  hence the lack of trust from the eurogroup . 
  they very well may be , but i think that these are the kind of conditions you 're basically forced to apply when you 're deciding if you should give 100b euros to someone that already owes you 100b + euros . 
  this being the 3rd loan as well . 
  i ca n't see any other alternatives . 
  you ca n't just go : ok greece , since you now pinky promise to finally implement the changes you 've promised when we gave you the 2nd loan , here 's 100b . 
  see you again in 2,3 years !, 
  chill dude . 
  this plan did n't even get placed on the summit table and as such was not seriously considered at any point , so not sure how you jump straight to the point of `` solidarity of europe '' . 
  this is a press bomb more than anything else . 
  what the others said , plus the unfortunate fact that public investments have been severely reduced . 
  the government clearly prefers using the budget to raise salaries & lower taxes rather than invest in infrastructure projects , which are highly needed in romania . 
   the interim pm opened up posts for several dozen more prosecutors in the dna i did n't actually catch that , do you have a source ? 
  did it happen this week ? 
  if it did happen , that 's awesome . 
  the fact that it happened after 4,5 months from when the request was made , only while the actual prime minister was on leave , is not so awesome . 
  the politicians are still doing their best to stop it though , unfortunately . 
  we have a crazy autumn ahead , when parliament will come out of the summer holiday and resume attempts to push about 20 + amendments to the penal code , some of them absolutely ridiculous ( eliminate conflict of interest from punishable crimes for state dignitaries , something for which the still-in-function-for-some-reason prime minister is currently accused of ) . 
  not to mention lack of funding for the anti-corruption national directorate , refusal to allow the hiring of more prosecutors , the head of senate constantly asking for the resignation of codruta kovesi , the head of the afore-mentioned agency and the government having in its pocket 3 tv news channels that constantly put pressure and raise hell regarding the activity of prosecutors . 
  public opinion is overwhelmingly with the justice system , however we 've been pretty passive in the last months , which allowed politicians to gain courage and attempt actions as the ones mentioned above . 
  we 'll definitely need to step it up in order to keep the justice rolling . 
  troika 's role and objective is not and should not be governing greece ( or any country ) , finding ways to increase profits , etc. 
  its only objective is to place the country on stable ground , from where its government can go about bringing prosperity , profits and reforms . 
  and to have a relatively stable foundation when you 're that much in debt you need to first go through serious austerity measures . 
  it 's retarded to be in debt and to rely on month to month loans and at the same time go `` hey guys we need to lower taxes , increase funding for whatever , maybe increase some wages , etc. 
  to stimulate our economy . '', 
  that 's something you do when you can afford the short-term cost . 
  which greece can not at the moment . 
  it 's hard to have sympathy for a country where the medium wage is about 4 times larger than in mine , where they have tax cuts for pretty much anything and anyone you can imagine , where they purchase their electrical energy for less than the production price , where corruption is teaming yet nothing is really being done about it , where their average value added tax is almost half than in mine . 
  they are basically not producing enough to maintain their lifestyle , yet blame everyone else when this no longer works and are asked to do something real about it . 
  i can not wait for them to get out of the ez . 
  they 'll then have a decent chance to get their sh * t together and we 'll also no longer have to sponsor their uncontrolled spending . 
  we 're going to be ok , but we are going to be affected by anything that happens there , for several reasons : * we have 4 bank branches with greek capital , that hold about 12 % of the local market . 
  fortunately we have competent people at the national bank , so they 've made sure the local branches will be minimally affected by anything that happens with their mother-branches in greece ( they 're basically their own independent branches at the moment , that are bound by romanian law and can not be exploited from outside of the country , for example by having their capital suddenly removed ) . 
  * greece occupies the 6th position when it comes to the amount of money invested in romania . 
  * we 're quite close to them geographically , which will increase the effect , not only because there 's a lot of trade between the 2 countries . 
  romania only got 5 , and we 've been trying so hard . 
  yup i did . 
  i voted right at the start though , that may be why . 
  ca n't believe i actually voted for russia . 
  you clearly do n't fully understand the roma culture if you believe there 's that much intermixing . 
  i can assure you the number of marriages cross-cultures is minimal . 
  i personally do not know any examples , even if i live in a city that has a decently sized roma community . 
  in almost all regions where they have a sizeable community , they have their own neighbourhoods and their own way of living . 
  and of course you do n't feel like trusting wikipedia when it does n't confirm your opinion . 
  it 's how people are when it comes to wikipedia . 
  however in this case it 's not about trusting wikipedia . 
  it 's about accepting the results of the official population tally performed by the romanian government in 2011 . 
  i 've no idea what the source of your image is , however the number mentioned there is absolutely ridiculous . 
  [ it 's 3.3 % as of 2011 's tally . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/minorities_of_romania ) still a very small percentage out of all romanian citizens . 
  i think this originates from the incorrect impression of many western europeans that all or most romanians are gypsies . 
  when in reality about 2 % or so from the citizens of romania are gypsies . 
  so of course many feel the need to point to this difference . 
  i 'm not saying if it 's good or bad , just saying why it happens . 
  many things do n't add up to this being a suicide : * why did n't he say anything , like a goodbye message or something like that ? 
  this is pretty common in suicides from what i know . 
  * why take 149 people with you ? 
  * as far as we know so far , it 's hard to see a reason for him to commit suicide and consideering the training and tests pilots go through , it 's hard to believe signs of his instability would n't have been noticed ? 
  i definitely agree it seems like the option that fits best at the moment , however i think it 's not even close to being a clean fit . 
  i did n't catch the following 2 critical pieces of info from the conference . 
  maybe i missed it and you guys can share some light : * we know he was breathing normally during the descent and that he did not say any words . 
  could he have been unconscious ? 
  this would kinda fit with his laconic answers , just before the pilot left the cockpit . 
  * were there any active blocks from his side , during the descent , in order to prevent the pilot and staff to get in the cockpit ? 
  did he override security codes , locked the door , anything like that ? 
  if it can be proven without a doubt that he was conscious ( not just breathing ) , then i agree that it 's most definitely a suicide or some kind of weird isolated self-made terrorist attack . 
  so if the pilot that was outside was forced to bang on the door to try to get in , when there is a special code that he can use to unlock the door , this leaves room for only 3 possibilities as far as i can see : * he and the rest of the staff all forgot or just did n't know the access code , and the pilot from inside was incapacitated , but not before sending the plane into a nose dive . 
  * there was a malfunction that had 3 major effects : blocked the door completely , sent the plane into a nose dive , incapacitated the pilot from inside the cockpit . 
  * the pilot from inside the cockpit was fully conscious and was blocking the attempts of the others to get in the cockpit , while sending the plane into a nose dive . 
  it 's very early to jump to any conclusions , especially since we know few details , but the chances for options # 1 and # 2 happening seem really , really low . 
  anything i 'm missing ? 
  ha ha , you funny man . 
  now seriously , what are the lyrics ? 
  not sure the government can pay its debts that easily , since technically tvr is managed by the parliament . 
  which kinda explains the sorry state it 's in , but i think it also means it needs approval from parliament to receive money . 
  if only we had decent internet , so we can stream the s ** t out of these events . . 
  seriously though , being banned sucks , but what sucks even more is the state our national television is in . 
  hopefully something can be done so it can pay some of its debts and well , maybe stop bleeding money . 
  if this goes through , it may actually be the most idiotic and self-damaging political decision made in the last 50 years or so in europe . 
  catalonia will absolutely collapse as soon as they secede ( however that is supposed to happen , because there 's no constitutional way of doing it ) and it will bring down with it at least spain , although the eu as a whole will take a huge hit . 
  hard to say if there will be more or less . 
  may be more , since klaus iohannis has announced he will go to the university square , the hq of the protests , to talk with the people there .
