  everyone should do it out of self interest . 
  because global warming is something that will affect everyone . 
  which is why china is taking significant measures to reduce pollution , no matter if you like it or not . 
  [ for example ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/china-green-energy-plan-2017-5 ) , besides the other article i mentioned above about the closing of 1000 + coal mines :  china is now the world 's largest backer of green energy , accounting for 17 % of global investment in the sector . 
  according to greenpeace , it installed an average of more than one wind turbine every hour of every day in 2015 . 
   so it is a false equivalence that not being in the accord will prevent the us from continuing its efforts . 
  yes , most companies and local authorities will continue on the path of reducing emissions . 
  however the fact is that the highest level of government , through the president , has sent a signal completely opposite to this . 
  it 's not only that trump has withdrawn from the paris agreement , he also makes a great achievement out of re-opening of coal mines , has slashed environment protection regulations , has approved very controversial oil pipelines , etc. 
  the signal sent from his white house is crystal clear : screw your environment concerns , we just want to make sure the fossil fuel industry is able to make as high profits as possible . 
  and the problem is that we do n't have time for shit like this . 
  it 's a good bet to make that with support from the white house , co2 emissions would be cut at a higher rate . 
  and we need all the boost we can take , since already many scientists say that it is too late to prevent significant effects on our way of life and global warming is getting dangerously close to being an irreversible phenomenon . 
  not sure what your article is supposed to prove ? 
  yes , china is polluted af . 
  they are currently the biggest polluter in the world , with the us being second . 
  the government there is incredibly corrupt and authoritarian . 
  which makes it even sadder that when it comes to this , china is on the right side of the argument and the us , through its president at least , no longer is . 
  if they will fail to abide by their commitments , then it will be time to judge them or point the finger . 
  until then , if that happens , they 're in , together with the entire world and the us is out . 
  and the us has now joined them , so ... congrats ? 
  although just because they 've not contributed anything yet does not mean they wo n't , as long as they 're still inside the accord . 
  while the us ( or well , trump , since most of the companies and politicians in the us do not agree ) has already committed to not paying anything any longer . 
  even if , as mentioned , the us is the world 's biggest polluter in history . 
  and if you look at that list and sort it by capita , it was n't the biggest contributor anyway . 
  mister us gov , could you present your very well written and thought out hypothesis to nasa please ? 
  [ it seems that they have not yet been red-pilled . 
  ] ( https://climate.nasa.gov/effects/ ) / s, 
  i have read it . 
  have you ? 
  from what you 're saying it seems not , as you 're just repeating the lie that trump mentioned when he left the accord . 
  so , [ china 's commitments are ] ( http://www4.unfccc.int/ndcregistry/publisheddocuments/china%20first/china%27s%20first%20ndc%20submission.pdf ) :  china has nationally determined its actions by 2030 as follows :  \u2022 to achieve the peaking of carbon dioxide emissions around 2030 and making best efforts to peak early ;  \u2022 to lower carbon dioxide emissions per unit of gdp by 60 % to 65 % from the 2005 level ;  \u2022 to increase the share of non-fossil fuels in primary energy consumption to around 20 % ; and  \u2022 to increase the forest stock volume by around 4.5 billion cubic meters on the 2005 level trump just took the first line , interpreted incorrectly and yelled it countless times in order to stick . 
  if you read the whole thing , it 's a bit different , no ? 
  for comparison , [ usa 's commitment ] ( http://www4.unfccc.int/ndcregistry/publisheddocuments/united%20states%20of%20america%20first/u.s.a.%20first%20ndc%20submission.pdf ) :  the united states intends to achieve an economy-wide target of reducing its greenhouse gas emissions by 26 % -28 % below its 2005 level in 2025 and to make best efforts to reduce its emissions by 28 % . 
  it 's funny because usa 's commitment is actually much more relaxed . 
  also , i have not found anywhere in the accord that china or india do not have to pay to the green fund ? 
  could you please point me to the article where that 's mentioned ? 
  i wo n't hold my breath , since there is n't such a mention , but you 're welcome to prove me wrong . 
  the green fund has already received contributions from 42 countries , so trump 's claims are absolutely ridiculous . 
  yes , the us has committed to the largest contribution , but that 's because it is by far the largest polluter in history . 
  no country , not even china , gets close . 
  so in a way the us was paying back a bit ( very little compared to the advantages it had from cheap but very polluting energy sources ) for the fact that it grew its industry on the back of the planet . 
  there 's no anti-corruption movement inside psd . 
  the members of that party could be split into 3 categories : * those that stole , took bribes or abused their power and have been caught ( the leader of the party is in this category , which is why he 's trying all sorts of things to clear his criminal record ) * those that stole , took bribes or abused their power and have not been caught yet * those that joined the party to get rich through the above mentioned methods but have not had the chance yet . 
  as for the anti-corruption movement within romania , it 's very hard to take over considering how the vote went in december . 
  psd would actually need to split in two , which could lead to special elections as no party or alliance could hold a majority in parliament . 
  even if the fight within the party is very brutal at the moment , this is not likely to happen as the need to stay in power is what really unites them . 
   china and india only agreed to the accords because they did not have to suffer economically to participate . 
  * citation needed . 
  * until you actually provide some numbers , i 'm going to call what you just said absolute bollocks . 
  [ an estimated 90 % of domestic electricity production in china , in 2014 , was from coal . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coal_in_china ) [ and last i checked , china is closing coal mines at an incredibly fast pace ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-china-energy-coal-iduskcn0vv0u5 ) , even if this is [ causing some unrest ] ( http://www.npr.org/sections/parallels/2017/03/14/519621699/as-chinas-coal-mines-close-miners-are-becoming-bolder-in-voicing-demands ) . 
  so really , what the heck are you talking about ? 
  you really think usr will get less votes after oug13 ? 
  if they are on the list at the elections , they 're guaranteed to get a boost . 
  the potential is huge , because the elections won by psd had a very low turnout , 39 % . 
  after oug13 and all the shitshow in the last 6 months , the turnout is guaranteed to be higher , which is very bad for psd and alde and good for all other parties . 
   they 'll still win and there 's risk for the opposition to actually lose some seats considering the state they 're in right now . 
  i do n't believe that for a single second . 
  they may still end up as the biggest party , but will no way still have 45 % . 
  and their ally , alde , will likely not even reach 5 % . 
  i mean please , who in their right mind actually was convinced to vote for psd during the last 6 months , if he had n't voted for them before ? 
  thank god romania is immune !, 
  there 's no medium or long term gain for the us from this . 
  if they go full-on fossil fuels , 10 years from now they 'll realise their economy has fallen behind the rest of the world and will then need to try and catch-up , at no little cost . 
  not to mention that they 'll be among the most affected countries if global warming continues at this pace . 
  they have so much to lose and almost nothing to gain from this move , so it 's really not a clever move on their side to sit out . 
  it 's just petty politics and short-term interests from the covfefe buffoon and the ones whispering in his ear . 
  romania will fight to the death along side our croatian brethren to protect the current name of the city . 
  half of all our jokes will become obsolete if pula , croatia will be no more . 
   it looks great and i would love to visit it . 
  nope , it was the same . 
  both the jury and the public ranking gave 1 - 12 points from each country . 
  the difference was that we got to see how the jury voted for each country , over the course of an hour or so and then we just got the totals for the public vote from all countries in one go . 
  yup , i 'm not saying there should n't be a jury vote . 
  just do n't make it the focus . 
  if the presentation had been done the other way around ( each country showed their public vote and then at the end the jury votes had been added up ) i would 've been mostly fine with this system . 
  they did that to show the jury vote . 
  so each representative gave out how the jury from that country vote , not the public . 
  after all the countries mentioned their jury vote , they just added the total points received from the public on top of the already existing points , without showing how each country voted . 
  i guess this is used to prevent brigading or botting . 
  so i 'm fine with the need to send an sms , however i do n't see the point of the 20 sms limit . 
  it should not be this high . 
  not a fan of the new voting system : * 90 % of the voting time is spent with the jury vote * when you get to the public vote , we do n't actually see which country voted for which countries , which let 's face it , is half the fun in eurovision . 
  * the jury vote should not be as important as the public vote . 
  eurovision is all about the public . 
  good song from the uk , i think they might clinch the penultimate place this year . 
   that did many good things to stabilize the economy hah like `` postponing '' the 2008 crisis until 2010 , because he had an election to win in 2009 ? 
  this kind of things ? 
  i 'll never forget how according to him and to boc , everything was rosy in q4 2009 , we were not going to be affected by the crisis , we were even planning to increase wages . 
  then he won the election and suddenly , in january 2010 , we `` suddenly '' entered the crisis , which lead in a few months to wage and pension decreases . 
  i heard the song from the other room and the first thought through my head was `` she sounds hot '' . 
  my favorite one so far . 
  no idea of the lyrics though and i have a feeling it 's for the best . 
  `` why '' is not a question that applies to eurovision . 
  do n't worry , you 'll be yodelling in no time !, 
   the notion of national cultures all merging into a conglomerate blob not even those that want europe to become a federation of states are proposing this , not sure where you got that impression . 
  the eu itself celebrates and encourages culture diversity through any means possible , including a ton of programmes and funds aimed at local communities . 
  unless by culture you mean human rights and civil liberties in which case yes , the eu is is full-on pushing these among all its members . 
  anyway , i do n't understand why the need for all the labels ( left , cultural marxism , etc. ),
