  maybe in 5 years , maybe in 20 , but definitely not so soon . 
  plus , there 's the fact that russia is right next to us , so eu is perceived as the only alternative to not get caught into its claws . 
  so yeah , money is really not the main reason why we are happy to be in the eu . 
  especially since our governments have been so incompetent that we 've failed to attract a large part of the funds that were made available to us as part of the many eu programmes ( which all countries have access to and benefit from btw ) . 
   if a rich person invited me in to their house and allowed me to take what i want top-notch understanding of eu membership right here . 
  no wonder you guys recently took a very reasonable and well-informed decision . 
  just as a counter-argument , if i may , i 'd like to add that the precious single market you keep hearing about received cheap and the same time well trained labour and 25 million new customers with romania and bulgaria joining in . 
  maybe think about that as well . 
  how many times have you visited romania ? 
  can you name at least 1 or 2 major cities you 've visited ? 
  can you specify some actual facts on which you 're basing your opinion ? 
  i 'm just curious to see if you 're talking out of the uk tabloids , or actually have some arguments besides this statement . 
  ukip is screwed without the eu as the villain and farage knows this , so he 's just abandoning a soon-to-be sinked ship . 
  well of course he 'll stand down ; that 's what all politicians do after winning a major national vote , no ? 
   do n't believe the bullshit you see in the media if only the leave voters would have listened to this advice . 
  seriously though , nobody says the uk will crumble and die due to brexit , however it will have serious negative effects on your country . 
  which for smaller countries would actually be pretty devastating . 
  in your case i 'm talking about : * high ( er ) risk of division , with scotland and northern ireland being more tempted than ever to just say fuck it with the uk . 
  and also london seeking higher autonomy . 
  and gibraltar 's fucked . 
  * the currency is gon na suffer immensely . 
  it fell more than 10 % and now it 's waiting to see what happens next . 
  i 'm no expert , but i challenge anyone to argue how it will not take more hits once a50 is invoked and once years and years of negotiations pass , especially if they predictably wo n't end well . 
  * investments will slow down , businesses will move to the continent , jobs will be lost . 
  of course not the majority , however a significant amount nonetheless . 
  * legislative void . 
  depending on who you believe , from 25 % to 60 % ( probably closer to the first number ) of your laws are eu laws . 
  all of these will need to be replaced . 
  now you could of course just copy them into your own local laws , however that would truly be silly since this is one of the main reasons you voted out , is n't it ? 
  if you do n't copy them , as will probably be the case , you will lose many valuable consumer / nature / small businesses protections and advantages . 
  having complex laws , that do n't leave space for ambiguity and interpretation is a good thing , contrary to what some leavers would argue . 
  * trade will suffer . 
  as mentioned recently , you 'll not reach a new trade deal until many years after you actually exit the eu . 
  during this time , extra fees and conditions will apply and you 'll be out of the single market . 
  i 've no idea the effect that this will have on your economy , however i have a feeling it wo n't be too good . 
  * whatever outcome results from this , you 'll inevitably still be tied to the eu , one way or another . 
  but you 'll have no say in what goes in the eu . 
  and even if you probably pray that the eu crumbles due to this , you better pray every day that it does n't . 
  because in your weakened position , if eu goes , the entire continent goes in full blown recession and you 'll be among the most affected countries since you 'll already be suffering from your brexit . 
  * reduced funding for research , small businesses , many rural or poorer zones from the uk , since there 's no way the local government will be able to cover the funding these zones got from the eu . 
  not right away at least . 
  and many others i ca n't think of at the moment . 
  and the advantages ? 
  you got your freedom back ? 
  you guys obviously have no clue what that means if you 're using this slogan in this case . 
  huh ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  well then , i guess we have no choice but to pack our bags and go . 
  it was a good almost 10 years , but i guess we pushed our luck ; a well thought-out poster such as this one was bound to show up !, 
  maybe we 'll replace scotland in the uk . 
  once article 50 is triggered , which will bring a huge shock in itself , in comes the real period of uncertainty . 
  it will take at least 2 years for the exact terms of the divorce to be negotiated , during which nobody will know anything for sure and i 'm sure there 'll be plenty of rumors in all directions . 
  it was in our best interest to join the eu as soon as possible , that 's not debatable . 
  in the 10 years since we 've joined we 've made so much progress it 's hard to believe sometimes ( although we are of course still much behind western europe ... tens of years of dictatorship , communism and ussr influence will do that to you ) . 
  just because the eu had to gain from us joining does not mean it was not in our favour as well . 
  i did not suggest that so please do n't try to find only the bad apples in each conversation tree . 
  it was a win-win in my book , although this early joining did lead to heavy emigration and of course immigration . 
  and just so you guys maybe get a feel of the other side , in my book emigration is much worse than immigration . 
  in the first years after joining ( less now , but it still a problem nonetheless ) many of our young medics , it people , engineers and of course regular workers went to other countries to work . 
  in our country this means broken families , a lack of qualified work-force , a lack of young people to sustain the aging population and many other problems . 
  so yeah , when you 're whining about good folk coming into your country and doing an honest day 's work there , contributing to your budget , creating families there and trying to integrate , maybe you should think that the country they left from would very much like to be able to have that . 
  yes , there are bad apples that have gotten the freedom to travel . 
  there are beggars and thieves that left as well . 
  but it 's a manageable problem , that can be resolved if people would just stop being racist and ignorant asshats . 
   tl ; dr it 's undeniable that the eu has been favourable to the population of eastern europe , but whether it has been beneficial to the population of western europe is debatable . 
  which is why there is so much division . 
  you truly have no clue about what you 're talking about . 
  romania and bulgaria were practically forced in the eu by the western countries . 
  ask any romanian this and he 'll admit it , because it 's very obvious to us , knowing the state of our country back in 2007 . 
  why was this done ? 
  because the western companies suddenly got access to cheap labour and also a market of 25 million people . 
  not to mention other advantages such as access to the black sea , more influence in an area where russia was trying to stick its paws as well , etc. 
  so yeah , saying it was n't a beneficial thing for western europe , just because countries like romania and blugaria are not ( yet ) net contributors to the budget is a very simplistic way of looking at it . 
  if all goes well , we will be in 5 - 10 years and we 'll thus start paying back even in this department . 
  have you ever been to romania ? 
  if so where and for how long ? 
  what is your exact criticism ? 
  what exactly do you know about the country in general that makes you say this ? 
  i just want to know if you have any actual facts or first hand experience on which you 're basing your statement , or just propaganda and drivel . 
  have you ever been to romania ? 
  if so where and for how long ? 
  what is your exact criticism ? 
  what exactly do you know about the country in general that makes you say this ? 
  i just want to know if you have any actual facts or first hand experience on which you 're basing your statement , or just propaganda and drivel . 
  let 's not be like this . 
  the majority of britons do not think like the idiots pictured in this album . 
  they 're just as sad as everyone else seeing such behaviour , if not more . 
  what saddens me even more than losing our fellow british from the union is that this move was ultimately decided by populism , manipulation and basically just pure emotion ( hate , fear , revenge , etc ) . 
  it really is worrying when such sentiments and the people ruled by them end up writing an important page in the history books . 
   british stock market is back to normal . 
  no idea what you mean by this . 
  ftse 250 ended up 7.2 % down , in its worst day since black monday . 
  and only one day has passed . 
  it may stay steady in the next weeks / months , but that 's just because everyone 's waiting to see if article 50 will actually be invoked . 
  that 's when the real brexit happens and that 's also when the markets will react again . 
  barclays ended up 18 % down . 
  just as pretty much every bank out there . 
  and this after bank of england made # 250 billion available . 
  and frankly the stock market should be the least of concerns . 
   scotland probably wont vote to leave .
