  because , together with other terms , have not only simplified but frankly destroyed any meaningful conversation on / r/the _ donald and any other places where they 're used . 
  there 's no longer any middle ground , there are no nuances to the various news or opinions expressed there and there 's no longer any thoughtful discussion . 
  everyone just blurts out these all-containing terms in order to fit in and has the impression that he / she actually contributed to the conversation , when they could n't be more further from the truth . 
  such terms usually become prevalent in communities where the truth is no longer a priority and is overshadowed by the need to restrict that community to a single view , regardless of the facts . 
  `` thanks '' to this vocabulary , the / r/the _ donald is now nothing more than a place where the smallest fact ( and i 'm using this very generously in this case ) that favours trump or le pen or others similar to these is inflated to colossal proportions through the use of such labels ( high energy , god-emperor , spicy , etc. ), 
  and the smallest negative fact about his rivals or their views is also taken to the highest rank possible , also through the use of such pre-defined simplistic terms ( nasty woman , cucks ) . 
  and all this happens without any discussion , without anyone checking if the sources or facts provided are actually solid , etc. 
  a simple tweet from a random guy on the internet becomes law and undeniable truth on / r/the _ donald , the only requirement being that it fits within this subreddit 's views . 
  ideology has become more important than facts and reality and one of the ways this happened is through such terms . 
  the globalist elites lead by soros you mean , right ? 
   most likely putin last term as de jure leader of the country do you honestly believe this ? 
  since when do dictators just retire and settle down to have a quiet life when they 're old ? 
  laws can be changed to allow him to stay in power , or he can do again what he did with medvedev , switching places for a while . 
  he may not be the official leader , but he will still definitely be the real one . 
  at the end of the day , all the twitter hashtags are caused by what ? 
  50 - 100 people over the last several years ? 
  not even that . 
  is this enough to label 20 million muslims ( in the eu ) or 44 million ( in europe as a whole , without turkey ) as enemies ? 
  for a handful of crazies , we 're turning millions of people into enemies and are labelling them in all ways . 
  not to mention that it 's important to try and take a zoomed out view at this . 
  there is certainly a wave of terrorist attacks in europe , that is for sure . 
  however why did it intensify in the last 5 years or so ? 
  one thing to maybe take into account is that this wave overlaps quite well with the rise of isis , which managed to activate radicals not only from the muslim side , but many born and raised europeans as well . 
  so maybe it 's not really the ideology that is making people blow themselves up , but the exploitation of certain areas of this ideology by isis . 
  while i of course agree that islam does leave quite a few open gates for such extreme interpretation , this could easily be said about christianity as well . 
  just take a read at the old testament and you can see how pagans , gays and women are to be treated . 
  there could easily be numerous groups that could exploit parts of christianity to promote violence and eradication of certain other groups of people . 
  and well , there are plenty , especially when it comes to homosexuality . 
  there definitely are discrepancies between our two cultures . 
  i am not a fan of many views and beliefs still present within muslim countries , however this does not mean that the best way to go forward is to turn 25 % of the world 's population into enemies . 
  what good could this possibly do ? 
  especially since it 's not like we 're freakin angels and do n't have violence , discrimination and many other issues within our own western culture . 
  want empirical evidence ? 
  i 'll give you [ empirical evidence ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_norway_attacks#political_and_religious_views ) :  breivik is linked to a 1,518-page compendium entitled 2083 : a european declaration of independence bearing the name `` andrew berwick '' the file was e-mailed to 1,003 addresses about 90 minutes before the bomb blast in oslo . 
  analysts described him as having islamophobic views and a hatred of islam , and as someone who ** considered himself as a knight dedicated to stemming the tide of muslim immigration into europe ** . 
  he killed 77 people in 1 hour . 
  this is what you are promoting will lead to , more and more of such attacks , against muslims or against people like me that do not promote islamophobia . 
  both sides are fully capable of extreme actions and views and it 's already showing . 
  for every victim of a terrorist attack , there are multiple victims of hate crimes . 
  us civilised europeans are managing to outdo the so-called irrational and uncivilized muslims when it comes to violence and ignorance . 
  this is what views such as yours are turning us into . 
  he has like 4 sons and a daughter . 
  it will only get worse once he 's no longer the focus of attention . 
  it 's spreading , too !, 
  romania 's corrupt and dickhead politicians have started to accuse soros of interfering as well . 
  just recently , when more than 500.000 romanians went to the streets to protest against corruption , many politicians from the ruling party implied that we were all paid by him or by corporations . 
  i 'm gon na go out on a limb here and assume you have n't the slightest clue of france 's past and present , when it comes to its ( muslim ) colonies for example . 
  anyway , regarding your fear / hate of muslims ( not sure which feeling is predominant ) , have you ever thought to consider where extreme solutions proposed by politicians like le pen would lead ? 
  have you considered that painting all muslims as `` bad people '' , isolating them , turning them into enemies , is exactly what groups such as isis want ? 
  [ eliminating the so called `` grey zone '' ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/islamic-state/12002726/the-grey-zone-how-isis-wants-to-divide-the-world-into-muslims-and-crusaders.html ) is actually one of the main isis long-term strategies and one of the main reasons for their continued terrorist attacks . 
  so basically any politician or group that promotes the turning of muslims into enemies of europe is doing isis 's work . 
  and it 's so simple to see , because what could possibly be the end-game with a solution such as the one proposed by le pen ? 
  there 's no other possible outcome than war and violence . 
  a situation in which isis and other similar groups would thrive . 
  only by promoting dialogue and measured and sensible solutions can we resolve this crisis . 
  we need to stop turning all muslims into enemies , we need to help those that have arrived in europe legally to integrate as good as possible , even if it 's hard and we need to of course have better control over who gets in , but we need to do this in a civilised and rational manner , not through walls and violence . 
  people still have to feel motivated enough to go out and vote . 
  there may be more that prefer macron , but they may also prefer to sit it out , if they 're not motivated enough . 
  which can easily happen on macron 's side due to the feeling of having already won . 
  yes , but not from european party colleagues , that only support one side . 
  i was extremely disappointed by the absolute partisanship treatment we received this summer from basescu 's european allies . 
  europe has some cleaning up to do in this department too . 
  the ue institutions need to be a lot less political and more objective . 
  you do n't know the half of it . 
  for example : * at the start of this year , our `` dear '' president basescu signed a law that made impeaching him practically impossible . 
  50 % of the total voters in romania would have to vote for his impeachment . 
  we do n't usually have a total turnout that big , so yeah , getting that many for a single option would be pretty much impossible . 
  the law was overturned by the party opposing him , but not completely so the summer referendum against him failed , after he encouraged his supporters to stay home and not vote . 
  that was his only chance of staying president , namely the total voter turnout to be less than 50 % . 
  * the party that supports basescu ( and vice versa ) created a law last year that would combine local and parliamentary elections into a single one . 
  that would mean postponing local elections for 5 months or so , something heavily against the constitution ( mayors cant have a mandate longer than 4 years ) . 
  the reason for this was that they knew they were going to lose the first elections , namely the local ones , and this would put them at an disadvantage for the parliamentary ones . 
  so they wanted to have the parliamentary elections while their mayors were still in office * the same party made local elections take place in only one stage . 
  until then we had 2 stages , in the second one entering the first 2 candidates by number of votes from the first one . 
  they deleted the second stage . 
  the reason for this was of course that they had 2 parties opposing them and they knew that in the first stage , the votes against them would get split between these 2 parties and so they 'd have a bigger chance of winning it . 
  in the second stage the votes against them would unite under a single candidate and that would be much worse . 
  and i could go on . 
  :d like how mayors were and still are forced to move to the party that controls the government , or else they wont get any extra funds . 
  a refreshing look on things . 
  thanks . 
  because the western countries needed easier access to our population when it came to selling goods / services . 
  20 million people eager to buy just about anything the western countries throw at them is not a small thing . 
  not to mention that they needed cheaper working force , which again , we got plenty . 
  they complain about gypsies invading them , but the reality is that the vast majority of romanians coming to western countries do an honest work for a very shitty salary . 
  asking for a turnout limit in order to have a fair referendum , just to say that you do n't want to participate in the election after it is set is quite literally sabotaging . 
  of course you can stay home and you have every right to do so , but it is not fair that those that stay home get to decide what happens after a vote . 
  it 's also not fair-play for the politicians themselves to ask people to stay home . 
  i think it 's without precedent in europe or any real democracy . 
  trust me , you have n't heard 1 % of everything . 
  for example , right after the referendum , the entire prosecution institution of romania organized massive interventions in villages to `` investigate '' suspicions of voting fraud . 
  there were cases in which people were asked to swear on the bible , inside their homes , that they did n't double vote and others were carried to police hq even if there was no clear evidence they had done anything . 
  basically it was intimidation in its purest form . 
  for the elections in 2009 , when basescu won his second term at a difference of only 70.000 votes , there were hundreds more complaints about voting frauds , yet very few of them have been investigated yet . 
  and now , with fewer complaints , the state 's prosecutors organised such a massive effort , probably in an attempt to seed the doubt that no way there were 7.4 million people that wanted basescu gone . 
  these suspicions towards the intent of the prosecutors are also sustained by the fact that the head prosecutor has been named and re-named by basescu in her seat and if he would go down , she would go down . 
  also , the head of the anti-corruption division has been named by basescu and even more , his 2 terms expired in january this year , but has since been re-named as `` temporary '' head 3 times , by the same basescu . 
  i guess he 's indispensable . . 
  anyway , to answer your question , 2.5 glorious years , unless the protests that happened this winter reignite . 
  you 're missing the fact that basescu and his party sabotaged the vote , asking their supporters to stay home .
