  there is a difference . 
  when i said `` making it up '' i meant specifically that i do not believe that is a fear of britons . 
  i 've not heard it mentioned , i have n't read it in the press , and it does n't suit the national mood . 
  if any brits here worry about civil war please do comment and correct me . 
  true , but the german states fought separately and often on different sides . 
  the war of 1870 was i believe the first time they all fought on the same side . 
   you also are aware that ireland literally was in a civil war just a few decades ago it was ? 
  i hope you do n't mean the troubles , as that largely was n't ireland ( the country ) , and it was n't a civil war . 
   which was pretty much the most brutal thing fought on the european continent in a long time if by a long time you mean a few decades . 
  which is n't a long time . 
   which is precisely why many british fear separation of the union i have never heard this reason . 
  i suspect you are making this up based on very little . 
  hundreds ? 
  germany only came into creation in 1871 . 
  i admit that was on the back of a war , but germany itself has not been warring with france for hundreds of years . 
   he 's in charge of an organisation covering half a billion people and not one of us voted for him to do so . 
  anyone know why they preferred tumblehomes at the time ? 
  the underlying picture is from before 1940 , as it has the names jellicoe and beatty for two battleships , which were ultimately completed as anson and howe . 
   you cant kill people actively my great worry is that if measures that avoid force fail , then force will be used . 
  once that starts , it may be difficult to stop . 
  by failing to properly address this problem we are quite possibly walking into a far-right future . 
   texas well , you do have internal border checks in texas . 
   tell me know that your country wouldnt do the same i think more or less any country would . 
  i feel deeply sorry for greece , and in no way blame her . 
   cameron cameron may yet go down in history . 
   fischer , brandt and genscher . 
  who ? 
  edit : ah brandt . 
  i loved him in * get him to the greek * . 
  ending the agreement is n't quite the same thing as turning a blind eye . 
  mate , my only point is that the uk has a border with ireland and thus the rest of the eu . 
  everything else you 're getting at is irrelevant . 
  proud ? 
  it 's a statement of fact . 
  there 's an international border there . 
  they ca n't , by bilateral agreement uk performs border checks at calais . 
    destroyed by the french state . 
   yeah , that does n't mean it 's a good idea . 
  europe as a whole seems to be out of good ideas right now . 
  i hope we find some soon . 
   sorry about that i thought you were the same guy from the comment before , who thought the only problem was `` getting rid of the shanty town '' like no actual person was living there . 
  no worries !, 
   because those people want to go to the uk , it 's not that hard to grasp but how does that make it our problem ? 
  so , say they 're coming from mali . 
  they want to be in the uk while they 're in mali . 
  not really our problem yet . 
  then they travel up to libya . 
  they still want to be in the uk , but again , it 's not our problem . 
  then they go to italy , wanting to be in the uk . 
  still does n't feel like our problem . 
  then they go to france , and calais . 
  again , it still seems like it 's not our problem . 
  hope i 'm making sense here . 
   we have to stop acting like this issue is `` every state for themselves '' you 're absolutely right here by the way . 
  while i 'm probably sounding flippant with the `` it 's not our problem '' statement that does n't mean i believe the uk has no responsibility towards migrants and refugees , but that the camps in france are france 's doing and their problem . 
  i 'm trying not to conflate the issues too much , while the issue of border control does lead to the camps , the camps are a problem in their own right . 
   europe 's common borders are a fact , whether you like it or not . 
  uh , kinda . 
  we are not in schengen , so it 's not quite that simple . 
  the uk retains our borders and control of them . 
   saying calais is a french problem is exactly as innefficient and futile as saying the whole crisis is greece or italy 's fault for not securing their borders it 's not the same . 
   and the british fuck-you-all-we-are-an-island policy ( which i still maintain is isolationist as heck ) does n't help c'mon , we ca n't just ignore the channel . 
  we * are * an island . 
  we have no borders with the continent . 
   this crisis could be handled way more efficiently via cooperation , via quotas , via an actual coherent plan , but populism and demagoguery has overwhelmed any hope of that happening . 
  well , if the people are actually against it ( whatever `` it '' might be , quotas , etc ) , then a democratic government has to strongly consider that . 
  you ca n't force it on people . 
  even so , you 'd still have the camps in france unless the french government deported or removed the migrants . 
  indeed but that is different from having the power to `` shift the problem to the uk '' . 
   2/3 of `` habitations '' and over 90 % of living facilities are being destroyed for now and the rest will follow destroyed by the french state . 
   oh but of course i forgot that pretending this problem does n't exist and that these people are n't actual humans not sure if you 're trying to put words in my mouth or not . 
  i certainly have n't said anything remotely like this . 
   especially when your country does n't face it directly thanks to a ridiculous isolationnist policy . 
  we 're both members of the eu , hardly isolationist . 
  what rubbish . 
  the problem is france 's . 
  the camps are in france . 
  france is not enforcing its laws , or protecting its borders . 
  it 's ridiculous to me that france would try to shift the blame to the uk for this . 
  tell me , how should we `` face this problem directly '' ? 
   no they could n't . 
  they do not have sovereignty in french territory so the british border control could n't happen there without an agreement from the french . 
  they do n't need sovereignty to check a passport . 
  no visa , no travel . 
  it does n't need to be officials , it can be the transport provider 's staff . 
  this happens at airports already . 
   also it does n't happen automatically in airports either who said it was automatic ? 
   unless an agreement is signed , border control happens at the destination , not the departure . 
  airlines can choose to check at the departure ( and do to avoid fees ) , but that 's a decision by a private company , not an obligation for the country . 
  you can bet all the money in your pockets that this would happen unilaterally if france decided to not honour its treaty commitments . 
  the situation with airlines is only an example of this being performed already , it does not form the model for doing so . 
   not up the the british to comment on this . 
  i think you 'll find there are no barriers to doing so , and nor should there be . 
  the porosity and ineffectiveness of the borders of the eu are a matter for every citizen . 
  ( i 'm slightly astounded that you think we can not comment on something )   because our nations are friends . 
  but ultimately it is not our problem . 
   no , not because we are friends , simply because france could choose unilaterally to let the entire problem shift to the uk . 
  therefore the uk proposes to pay for a good part of it to avoid such decision . 
  as has been pointed out elsewhere , it 's not within france 's power to do so . 
  i do n't follow your point , what 's to stop them doing that now ?
