  for that reason ( right now , at least ) i ca n't see the 28 nations agreeing on this even in principle , there will always be dissent ( probably at least from the uk   still , the uk question is kind of resolved at this point . 
  either the uk leaves us in a month 's time or the uk will be in the slower tier of the two-tier eu that is coming . 
  i do n't think so . 
  right now , i ca n't see the uk integrating any further into the eu . 
  there 's just too much passionate opposition , and little real appetite for further integration . 
  even the remain campaign would admit so . 
  i believe the previous government passed a law that stipulated a referendum if any further law making ability was transferred to the eu . 
  i think it 's entirely possible we have seen the high-tide of uk involvement with the eu . 
  if remain wins , the opposition to the eu will not be silenced , and the idea of separation will have taken root and may eventually win ( somehow ) . 
  unless the eu manages to turn its image around in the uk i believe a brexit is an eventual certainty . 
  however , my crystal ball is about as good as yours , so we will see . 
  interesting times we live in . 
   for defense and the mandate , there is really not much wiggle-room . 
  the eastern europeans will accept nothing short of `` foot of foreign solider on our turf -  immediate defense '' so that is what we 'll get . 
  they already have this through nato , which is backed by the us . 
  why would they be anything more than lukewarm on the eu taking that role ? 
  for all the reasons we agree on it 's hard to see an eu force being a more effective fighting force than nato , and so the eastern members will want security under a nato rather than eu umbrella . 
   the german constitution is very strict on military matters so `` securing eu interests abroad '' missions will likely have to be put to an eu parliamentary vote . 
  also , what about neutral nations like austria ? 
  it may be hard to get them to agree to anything other than territorial defence . 
  not every eu nation is in nato , some are neutral , some even have no military whatsoever . 
   every single of the use-case questions you identified needs an answer , but for most questions there is already a most likely answer . 
  oh absolutely . 
  it will depend on the ` mission ' of the armed force , but i guess my point was that these are hard questions . 
  ultimately i think any eu military will be restricted to a simple territorial force , and will lack any real ability to project power . 
  it 'll be very difficult to create , with many restrictions on its use , it will likely be underfunded ( extrapolating from the current levels of defence spending in the eu ) , lack any mission outside the borders of the union or peacekeeping , and will not be considered an effective military force by anyone either inside or outside the union . 
  in such a case , nation states will probably maintain their own armed forces , and the eu military will be little more than a territorial defence force with little in the way of heavy equipment , ships , combat aircraft , and logistical capability . 
   usually there are a paramilitary police force or special police units for this . 
  some exceptions exist ( see again france ) , but an agreement on this will come easier than on the command structure issue . 
  no expert on this , but i think you 'll probably see in most countries legal provision for using the armed forces to ` maintain public order ' in times of emergencies . 
  in the uk it 's called [ military aid to the civil power ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_aid_to_the_civil_power ) - that wikipedia article has several examples for eu countries too . 
   even if our politicians do n't have what it takes to come to an agreement in one sitting with 20 or so political leaders at the table , i still maintain my assessment that this is significantly easier to resolve than the euro mess or the refugee crisis . 
  as these remain unsolved i ca n't really argue against that !, 
   the positions of the stake holders are clear enough to do it . 
  the uk does n't want it . 
   of course the details would be hammered out by the bureaucratic foot soldiers afterwards but the initial framework could be agreed upon in one old-school summit . 
  i really do n't agree with this . 
  even a high-level plan would encounter extreme disagreements . 
   regarding the chain of command ... obviously , the chain of command would start at a body that is independent of any single country . 
  i was assuming it 'd come from the commission . 
  i 'm not sure who else would be considered , unless a new body was created . 
  ultimately if it 's an eu military it needs to have the chain of command culminating in the leadership of the eu . 
   also obviously , there would have to be well-defined triggers that start defensive action without having to go through any lengthy process . 
  not the kind of thing you could hammer out in a weekend . 
   it could be done , at least for a core of countries . 
  and the uk would of course never be a part of it . 
  if it 's an eu army , it has to be all or nothing . 
  it would n't make sense to have an armed force responsible to the union that only has the duty to defend some of it . 
  a major question of mine revolves around the use of such a force for internal security . 
  could the eu send in its army to stop greeks protesting ? 
  to protect eu borders from migrants ? 
  to conduct counter-terrorism raids across europe ? 
  to suppress revolt ? 
  to stop succession ? 
  the government would fall . 
  the same day they announced they were ignoring the result . 
  the tory backbenchers would see to that . 
  edit : and fall it should , if they were to ignore the result . 
  it 'd kill you if it was going fast enough . 
  death by biscuit . 
  such a nasty way to go . 
  one weekend ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  that stuff would take * years * to determine . 
  do you really think the eu in one room could decide on a chain of command in a weekend ? 
  ... tried to integrate europe ? 
  [ indeed !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/london_sewerage_system ), 
  i think it stopped being real water in about 1851 ... 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  are there many famous others ? 
  please do n't . 
   depends how big the war is , and how much warning there is before the outbreak . 
  if it 's a gradual increase in tension over months , stockpiling would occur . 
  months would n't be enough to really manufacture and stockpile modern weapon systems . 
  i do n't know what reserve manufacturing capacity the us keeps ( i think europe would have almost none ) for aircraft , ships , and tanks , and sophisticated missiles , but i doubt they 'd be able to increase manufacturing capability massively in a space of under a year . 
  not like we saw in the world wars . 
  it takes years to build a warship or fighter aircraft . 
   if it was a limited scale war , there may be leasing of weapons from friendly nations not involved in the war . 
  like the sidewinder missiles the usa gave to the uk in the falklands as the faa lacked effective aa missiles . 
  any war that caused the us to run low on munitions could n't be particularly limited ;-)  running out of long range anti air missiles because you ca n't make enough radar units for them would be disastrous . 
  would n't it ? 
  and just think of how difficult and specialised it is to build them . 
  during ww2 , many consumer goods factories were able to be rapidly converted to military production due to them having similar tooling requirements . 
  most of western manufacturing has moved abroad , meaning we lack those mass production facilities , and what remains would be difficult to convert to producing high performance rocket motors , ir seekers , radar seekers , guidance units , etc etc. 
  one thing to remember is that the us has vast reserves of old materiel , as does russia , whereas europe has next to none . 
  much easier to recondition and rearm 1000 old m48s than build 1000 new m1a2s . 
  thank you !, 
  excellent post , i agree entirely . 
  i wonder about a modern , major war . 
  we have small ( ish ) quantities of super smart weapons rather than the arsenals and factories of the past . 
  it would take a long time to ramp up production of weapons and platforms . 
  i suspect any general war that did not go nuclear would result in a few days/weeks of smart weapons , everyone running out of stocks , and then mass production of simpler weapons , iron bombs , and so on to decide it . 
  hope so . 
  yes , but if anyone deserves inclusion , it 's the french . 
  on the isonzo ? 
  `` so , you must hate the english ! '', 
  do n't forget [ conrad von h\u00f6tzendorf ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franz_conrad_von_h\u00f6tzendorf ) , one of the worst generals in history . 
  compared to almost every other nation in the war , the british generals did n't do too badly . 
  not great , but nowhere near as bad as the likes of cadorna and von h\u00f6tzendorf .
