  those decisions are made democratically and scottish mps are part of the process . 
   you make the claims of sovereignty against the eu ... 
  yes , i prefer decisions that affect the uk to be made in the uk , keeping the british parliament as sovereign . 
   do you have a veto in the uk ? 
  a veto on what ? 
   the us under trump is trying to divide and weaken it it 's only been a few days , what would you say he 's done to try and weaken the eu so far ? 
  that was n't an integrated superstate by any stretch of the imagination . 
   the us is treating the largest concentration of its allies in the world as an enemy how so ? 
   the argument from sovereignity is , in my opinion , just a smokescreen to avoid being labeled a bigot for opposition to immigration from poor countries and opposition to , for example , islam i do n't believe it is , in my case it was one of the main reasons for voting leave . 
  it has been shown ( in the latest ashcroft polls ) to be the leading cause of voting leave . 
   you 're all english this is just ignorance and nothing to be proud of . 
  hardly . 
  not all of us , 
   england britain , for fuck 's sake . 
  that would be a deterrent to leaving then . 
  nato . 
  britain , for fuck 's sake . 
  so did i. 
  it 's a great programme and i fully encourage others to do it , but my own personal experience was attending a second-rate institution where i had around 2.5 hours of classes a week . 
  i was bored , i did n't much like the city where i was , and i rarely socialised with anyone outside of my flatmates as i did n't get that much of a chance to meet them due to the low course load . 
  i certainly could have made more of the experience , but compared to my sandwich year in california it was seriously lacking . 
  is n't this the map of countries colonized by europe ? 
  no course not , but i 'd need a whole lot more evidence to suggest it was . 
  do you really , honestly think the uk will turn into a country like russia or turkey because of the tories ? 
  indeed they did n't , but that is n't really an argument that the uk is in the same league , is it ? 
  quite a stretch to go from that to a comparison with russia or turkey . 
   uk oh shush . 
  there 's dozens of us . 
  bless you !, 
  but i do !, 
  i put forward that you 're a cynical dullard . 
  that * was * my argument ... 
  you cynical dullard . 
   increasing serbia 's prosperity does n't take prosperity away from anyone else if someone else picks up the bill , then yes it does . 
   ture but it was not their war surely this is revisionism ? 
  it was their war , their governments supported it and sent troops . 
  they were not ` ordered ' by the uk to commit troops , their governments did so willingly ( and enthusiastically ) . 
  it was as much their war as anyone else 's . 
  killed a lot of brits too . 
  more in fact than the anzac and french losses added together . 
  every single one ? 
   there is quite a lot of oil in scotland there 's quite a lot in the north sea , i 'm not aware of any actually in scotland . 
  no , it did n't . 
  founder of two startups in london . 
  nowhere in the eu is even remotely as attractive as the uk . 
  same thing . 
  britain . 
  for fuck 's sake . 
  there 's a huge difference between the plastic you call cheddar and the wonderful actual cheddar we have here . 
  did n't we beat you at the last olympics ? 
  with sailing a british speciality ? 
   bretain is a french province not sure how that relates to this . 
  not britain , is it ? 
   only great britain makes sense , or uk great britain is the main island , it excludes northern ireland . 
  `` britain '' is an accepted and official short name for the uk . 
  england is _ never _ correct here . 
  england did n't declare war - it lacks the political institutions and sovereignty to do so - britain did . 
  it can be argued that the political power is spread across the country , as we are a democracy . 
  regardless , your point is unimportant , you got the country name wrong . 
  england did n't go to war , the uk did . 
  britain , for fuck 's sake . 
  it removes a lot of weight of your argument when you ca n't even get the country right . 
  i 'm aware of what i wrote , care to make your point ? 
  nobody said it was . 
  is n't a decent middle class wage `` well paid '' ? 
   that 's a huge advantage perhaps not huge , given most of the jobs will be fairly well paid at least . 
  the chairmaker . 
  i 'm embarrassed . 
  half my reddit comments are correcting people for that very mistake . 
  oh shit i missed that , sorry . 
  why would you use the english flag here ? 
  the union jack is the right one in this meme . 
  which borders were those ? 
   there was the exchange rates ? 
  be specific . 
   discussion = making demands that we have everything the same as before and throwing a tantrum when rebuffed as they do n't make sense . 
  just watch how blatantly they 're moving now to blame the eu countries for everything when before we were supposedly in such a good negotiating position that they 'd have to give us the same deal . 
  the negotiations have n't started yet . 
  why is this hard to understand ? 
  the uk has made no demands to date . 
   i do n't know what careful means but slagging everyone off and threatening other countries with becoming a tax haven and screwing everyone over and not guranteeing eu citizens rights is not careful by my understanding of english that 's just pointless pissing away of much needed political capital . 
  who is `` slagging everyone off '' ? 
  the uk refuses to guarantee citizens rights _ unilaterally _ , and that has nothing to do with the above quote . 
   i 've pointed you to clear evidence of economic disruption and a lack of carefulness by brexiters . 
  you refuse to accept it as evidence without providing any counter evidence of your own i 've asked you to tell me why the quote is incorrect and you 've gone off-piste rambling on about unrelated matters . 
   you refuse to accept it as evidence without providing any counter evidence of your own you made the assertion , and i 've asked you to explain it . 
  i do not need to provide counter-evidence as you have no yet managed to do so . 
  happy to do so if you ever explain yourself , and also happy to change my mind if i agree with your points . 
   that being seen sabre rattling over gibraltar is actually being careful . 
  eh , no idea what you 're on about . 
  i 've never mentioned gibraltar , why bring it up ? 
   well you 've missed the effects of currency devaluation , refusing to unilaterally gurantee eu citizens rights , ridiculous diplomatic gaffes , people flapping gums about military action on spain over gibraltar and people openly hoping for a collapse of the eu and the election of a far-right leader . 
  no , as none of that was mentioned in the quote above . 
   tl : dr if you do n't see anything wrong with it then you 're in a bubble at the moment . 
  perhaps , but you 've not gone any way to show me that the quote is incorrect . 
   `` the continent '' includes both ireland and malta ( and cyprus and sicily and crete ) as far as i 'm concerned , as it is mainly used by brits as a way to distinguish not mainlanders from islanders , but themselves from other europeans ireland is never referred to as being on `` the continent '' in the uk . 
    finally , when you are talking to people - please reassure them that after we vote leave , there wo n't be a sudden change that disrupts the economy . 
  the day after the referendum , nothing changes legally . 
  we will talk to our friends in europe and discuss the best way to agree a new uk-eu relationship . 
  we wo n't rush into it .
