  there 's a big difference between saying i 'm right and you 're wrong , and a threat backed by violence . 
  this is the old slippery slope fallacy . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with what you 've written , but how is that illiberal ? 
  sorry i did n't mean to imply any dishonesty on your part . 
  i think it 's meaningless to compare population with votes without considering the size of the electorate , and the proportion that actually voted ( turnout ) . 
  be angry all you like - but at least use meaningful statistics or you 'll invoke the well-meaning ire of pedants such as myself !, 
  that 's misleading , as there are n't anywhere near 65 million voters . 
   boarders this is probably the most frequent misspelling i see on reddit . 
  does anyone know why it 's so commonly misspelled ? 
  edit : i 'm aware `` boarders '' is a word . 
  well that was the time of the yugoslavian wars . 
  maritime borders , much greater experience , and a far larger security apparatus . 
  oh yes , but it 's nothing to be proud of . 
  it is anti-english . 
  i 've never heard it sung without the extra `` bastards ! '', 
  line thrown in . 
  edit : or `` wankers '' . 
  as a scot i 'm dismayed that flower of scotland is considered an unofficial national anthem . 
  it 's a great tune , but it is blatantly anti-english . 
  chamberlain made time to prepare for war . 
  are n't you missing a few countries out ? 
  why focus on the us and uk ? 
  absolutely , it 's political islam , rather than pius islam . 
  ah , sorry - i was meaning more empirically . 
  i agree with you . 
  no the mainstream is society at large , at least when talking about extremism . 
  did you just write that ? 
  it 's a great sentence . 
  sorry i meant of society as a whole - i see what you mean now . 
  who knows what mainstream muslim opinion is . 
  whatever it is , the islamists have the initiative . 
  edit : getting downvoted , anyone care to debate ? 
  never as long as their views represent an extreme compared to the mainstream opinion . 
  i do n't believe he did suggest any ideas . 
  all that rage and no ideas of your own . 
  how would you punish the treasonous ? 
   no , terrorism is n't a domestic problem it is for the people of belgium . 
  thanks , but i was n't looking for bernie sanders videos , i was looking for something specific on his views on european terrorism . 
   if i recall it correctly - his view is to focus on domestic problems and not act as a world police in every matter around the world this * is * a domestic problem for europe . 
  belgium has n't been policing the world . 
  this is n't the us . 
  can you send me a link by any chance ? 
  i have n't heard his views on european terrorism . 
   offers no solution solutions are thin on the ground right now - as they have been for years . 
  i did n't say they were rich . 
  to conflate extremism with poverty and ignorance simplifies a complex problem and leads us no closer to a solution . 
  they should n't be indoctrinated at all . 
  i do n't think it 's a liberal measure to try and educate someone into atheism . 
  it also attacks other religions - you may have just turned what is a problem with islam to one that involves other religions too . 
  many of those radicalised come from nice , secure , middle class families . 
  it 's not about poverty , and ca n't be solved with just `` education '' . 
  it 's not . 
  edit : to clarify , i do n't believe that it 's as simple as `` ignorant people are religious , therefore we can educate them out of radicalism '' . 
  it 's nowhere near that simple . 
  many educated people , from well off families , are radicalised too . 
  religion is a huge part of their culture , you ca n't just educate someone out of their religion . 
   education , education , education . 
  do you have a more concrete idea of how this might work ? 
  who do we educate , and what do we teach them ? 
  how do we ensure that they are not being ` educated ' by someone in jihadism ? 
  sorry dude , that 's the name in use in the uk . 
  i certainly do know that - but i 'm not sure what your point is . 
  again , i recognise that 's it 's an exaggeration , but not that it 's a huge one . 
  the fact that they need any armed escort is to me the most important detail , not the size of the escort . 
  yes , it 's an exaggeration . 
  but it 's not such a big overstatement to be ridiculous . 
  that does n't actually sound like such an overstatement . 
  or politics . 
  the headlines would be amazing, 
  at least use the french word for exit . 
  whatever it is . 
   its either french or german i would say spanish , as it 's more useful worldwide . 
  so it 's your term then ? 
  is there a legal definition of `` natural border '' ? 
  how is the channel tunnel treated ? 
  seems bizarre if it 's not counted as a land border . 
  does n't this focus on the republican murals ? 
  there are murals from both sides in belfast . 
  vietnam is the major one , we wanted nothing to do with that . 
   1 - uk joined every single us led military operation not even remotely true . 
   cinnabon they serve these [ amazing cinnamon rolls ] ( http://media.zenfs.com/en-us/video/video.pd2upload.com/video.yahoofinance.com@35a6efd2-2c4a-3a4e-a971-8d856f8c6185_full.jpg ) covered with icing . 
  and cinnabon . 
  that sickly cinnamon smell is the first smell i notice at us airports . 
  * `` bob 's your uncle '' *, 
   `` he wrapped himself in quotations - as a beggar would enfold himself in the purple of emperors . '', 
   * `` like all similar `` laws '' ( e.g. , murphy 's law ) , betteridge 's law of headlines is intended as a humorous adage rather than always being literally true '' *, 
   britain will get what it wants . 
  interesting phrasing . 
  do you mean the people will get what they want , or the government/cameron ? 
   what do you think the root issue is ? 
  too many people , too quickly . 
  you made the assertion , i 'm only asking you to clarify what you meant . 
  can you please share the examples from history that you 're referring to ? 
  i 'm not sure there is a historical parallel with the eu , can you expand further on which examples you are referring to ? 
  i think we might have had this conversation last week !, 
  still can not understand why the uk is blamed for the camps . 
   i 'm not sure what blame can be assigned to the uk for ww2 we appeased germany , we let it rearm , we let it reoccupy the rhineland . 
  we let it build an airforce , we let it build tanks , we let it take over a portion of czechoslovakia . 
  between the uk , france , and the us , we were given many opportunities to stop nazism and we failed . 
  not a civil war though , and it was in northern ireland , not ireland .
