  chosen from the parliament perhaps ? 
  each nation directly elects their own commissioner ? 
  there is an abundance of ways we could try and increase the democratic legitimacy of the commission , but the current system is simply not democratic . 
  many people like to point out that in eu nations cabinets are normally appointed , but in almost all cases the members have been elected first . 
  in the us , the cabinet members are not elected , however the president is , and the president chooses the cabinet , allowing the voters of the us to have influence on policy . 
  in addition , cabinet members are approved individually in the us , which is not the case in the eu ( i 'm broadly comparing the commission to a cabinet ) . 
  it seems to me that the eu 's structure is designed to appear democratic without actually being so , so that national governments set the direction of the eu rather than the people . 
  i can understand why this is the case . 
  however , it 's not very democratic , and as europe integrates further ( * if * europe integrates further ) this will have to be addressed if the eu is going to make a claim that it represents the people of europe . 
  as the eu gathers power , this power must be legitimized by a solid and transparent democratic base . 
   seems anybody not from the uk seems to struggle with what to call us , i find it highly amusing , we confuse everybody . 
  it does n't help when the government does n't is n't even consistent on whether the term `` britain '' refers to the whole of the uk or not !, 
   can i ask is this a `` do n't call me english because im scotish '' thing ? 
  not fussed im just curious . 
  it probably did start that way when i moved to london in my 20s . 
  now it 's just a pedantry i enjoy ;-) but still , it 's a correction that i think should be made , as it does marginalize the rest of the uk . 
  apologies , i did n't realize that i was responding to the same person !, 
  so , i was asking specifically about this :  international documents used be just `` england '' and not uk or britain but was used to include the others . 
  this not supported by the text above . 
  to start with , there 's no reference that it was done so in official documents - i do n't know quite what you mean by `` international documents '' , but i 'm going to assume you mean treaties and agreements between nations . 
  by `` signing '' , i took it to mean that the country name was written as such on a document . 
   `` england '' was also formerly used synecdochically to refer to the whole united kingdom , but this usage became rare early in the 20th century . 
  does n't mean it 's right to do so !, 
  and again , i can understand the confusion , but i ca n't really trust an article that gets it wrong . 
  it 's pretty basic stuff . 
   im not going to look for 500 year old documents ... 500 years ago it would have been signed england , as 500 years ago the uk did n't exist . 
   international documents used be just `` england '' and not uk or britain but was used to include the others . 
  which documents ? 
   to be fair it used to be just signed `` england '' in the past what did ? 
  indeed and i understand the confusion , but it 's hard to take an article on foreign policy and international relations seriously if they get the name of a country wrong . 
  it 's not like it 's a new name , or we 're a tiny little backwater either . 
  different countries have very different election schedules . 
  some meps would be elected every 4 years , some every 5 , etc. 
  also , it would prevent any pan european campaigning . 
  not really , they have no popular presence or identity here . 
  i ca n't take an article seriously if they confuse england and britain . 
   large numbers of long range sam systems like the s-300 and s-400 ( up to ~ 400 km or ~ 250 mi range ) deployed in layers in western russia and kaliningrad oblast could prevent nato air power from supporting their ground forces effectively how do you think the f-35 will change this balance when it 's deployed ? 
  can i ask where you 're getting your numbers from ? 
  i 've been struggling to find any up to date info for either side . 
  if you blinker your definition of europe to the eu , and of history to the present . 
   the uk is not the right country to lead any reformation process . 
  why not ? 
  we 've had a leading role in the way europe is structured for hundreds of years . 
   this is democracy is it ? 
  can we please not call this a war . 
  it 's not . 
  sounds like an option worth investigating . 
   people : nooooooo i must have missed the bit where we were consulted . 
   even france and germany took the hint after ww2 . 
  france did not `` take the hint '' , and entered into a few decades of colonial conflict trying to preserve its empire . 
   we should absolutely accept asylum seekers or migrants that integrate this well . 
  how do we test that ? 
   what is a specific eu regulation that the uk does n't agree with , but has to abide by now ? 
  the european banana curviness diktat 1973 . 
  do you really think that the uk 's position is about any * specific * ( your emphasis ) law ? 
   but never england too much risk of flag confusion . 
  only at football . 
   maybe actually eu will finally get to agree on something it 's not the uk that causes the eu to never agree on anything . 
   you 're calling about every country in the eu undemocratic , here . 
  did i ? 
  please point me to where i said that . 
   again : we can talk about that , but do n't single out the eu , then . 
  i 'm not interested in the other countries of europe . 
  that is an issue for their voters , and does n't affect the democratic aspect of the eu commission . 
  it 's a strawman . 
  also , i have no knowledge in the many and varied electoral systems of the countries of europe . 
  that is not my argument . 
  you 're making this about a comparison to ( unspecified ) governments instead of directly addressing the fundamental question , which is the democratic legitimacy of the commission . 
  they ( again ) derive no mandate from the people of europe . 
   your ministers , you mean ? 
  no , the commission . 
   the people did n't give them their office , they are responsible not to the people but the parliament , and can not be removed from office by the people , but the parliament / prime minister . 
  the people gave them mandate to be in parliament . 
  they can be removed ( recalled ) by their constituency . 
  this is very common across the democracies and is fundamentally different from the process for appointing ( not electing ) eu commissioners . 
   you seem to ride a lot on `` but but it 's uncommon for british ministers to not be westminster parliamentarians '' you have a snooty manner . 
  i 'm not `` riding a lot '' on anything , except the premise that politicians should be directly elected . 
   and , no , it is not undemocratic it absolutely is . 
  they are not directly elected . 
  again , despite any amount of hand waving and excuses , they are not elected , and therefore the body is not democratic . 
  we probably have different ideas of what democracy is . 
  do they have a current mandate though ? 
  again , they are not elected by the people , are not responsible to the people , and can not be removed from office by the people . 
  the commission is not democratic . 
  edit : to your example , that would cause quite a stir , yes . 
  it would have no precedence either . 
  ministers are elected ( in general ) by the people of their constituency . 
  i would think that 's a large obvious difference and ca n't be dismissed quite so easily . 
  it 's a poor comparison , as the roles and nature of the positions are completely different . 
  cabinets ( really governments ) are responsible to the electorate in a direct way . 
  ultimately , the commission is not a democratic body , and its members are not answerable to the public in a democratic manner , no matter how much handwaving happens to suggest otherwise . 
  is n't cyprus cleaved in two with a contested border running across it ? 
  it 's more a question of which collective . 
  one of the reasons europe can feel so distant from me is that by this system , there is no exposure to the public of the politics of the commissioner . 
  we do n't know what they stand for - indeed by not being put in front of the electorate means they * stand for nothing * . 
  they 're just appointed in a shadowy process . 
  all of the leaders of europe - by which i mean the commission and the president of the commission - are not elected by the people . 
  we get no say in who fills these roles . 
  they do n't ask the public 's permission to be in those roles . 
  this means that no real `` leaders '' emerge , and the whole thing feels like one giant committee .
