  uh , they did arrive in france . 
  i do n't think it matters * why * they are there so much . 
  they are in france , illegally , and france should deal with it . 
  or stop moaning . 
  letting them through how ? 
   it 's not our job to protect the uk 's borders . 
  no , but you should protect your own . 
   it 's normal that the uk contributes oh absolutely , we should help , because our nations are friends . 
  but ultimately it is not our problem . 
   yet the uk is counting on france 's support precisely to avoid having to deal with the situation . 
  i do n't think the uk is counting on france 's support . 
  the uk could always check visas/passports on the vessels and trains before they leave france , in the same way we do for flights . 
  the current arrangement certainly works in our favour but i do n't believe it 's necessary , just easier . 
  i have n't actually heard italy mentioned in connection with calais . 
  from the uk it seems unbelievable that the situation has been allowed to develop there , and it 's absolutely france 's making . 
   and bears alone the cost . 
  i do n't really see why that should be any other way . 
  they 're not in the uk , they 're in france . 
  their desire to move to the uk does not make it our problem until they set foot on british soil . 
  france is blaming the uk for it 's inability to enforce its own laws . 
  the jungle is only being partly demolished , to move migrants to a new camp . 
  the jungle remains . 
   as opposed to uk 's 0km yeah , you might want to check your figures on that one . 
  edit : if you downvoters have n't seen a map , have a look at ireland . 
  edit2 : originally the comment above did n't say `` mainland '' . 
   france is not an island , migrants come from other countries , going to england , and france is the last country they get into before attempting to cross over to the uk because we are the closer , we could shift the blame to all the other countries that have let them pass , or you can acknowledge that france is the only one holding them from getting to the uk . 
  the thing that prevents them coming to the uk is the channel . 
   britain can refuse entry passengers of the eurostar or ferries , just as they do currently for illegal immigrants arriving by plane . 
  indeed , ca n't we just check visas at the opposite terminal , just as when you are flying ? 
  switzentrance !, 
  do n't worry ireland speaks english . 
  thanks . 
   we could do the opposite of a free trade we could increase customs for stuff from the uk to make trading inside the eu virtually impossible ... we ought to do that anyways if you leave ... [ worked brilliantly the last time ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/continental_system ) . 
   also : how are they allowed to leave ? 
  i would like to understand the mechanism by which you think a sovereign democratic nation could be forced by an undemocratic superstate to stay in a union with them ? 
   whatever the outcome or your stance are , these are inevitable facts : the quote starts with the phrase `` i think '' and you call these facts ? 
   democratic process what democratic process is at work in the european union ? 
   and britain did n't go into fight until it was attacked itself . 
  not true though . 
  `` the '' team ? 
  `` our football team '' ? 
  scotland has custody of scotland . 
  it has been given one referendum and perhaps will have another one its political makeup , the scottish people decide their destiny . 
  one thing i 've noticed about living and working in london is you 're more likely to meet a romanian or an afghani ( or whatever ) than someone from scotland or the north of england . 
  i 've no stats on this and it 's purely anecdotal , but it 's * rare * for me to meet a proper northerner here . 
  i once got served by a geordie at benito 's hat and was actually shocked when she spoke to me with that accent . 
  same with born & bred londoners , actually . 
  it no doubt depends what social and professional circles you travel in but for mine , there 's actually surprisingly few brits , and hardly anyone from north of the midlands . 
   homeless guys from glasgow probably the majority of scots i 've met in london have been sleeping underneath cash machines . 
   drink way beyond their limit . 
  if they 're still drinking they ca n't have hit the limit yet, 
   is n't that what i said ? 
  not specifically , no . 
  often when this point is raised it 's to say the the uk is a good balance against the more protectionist and less liberal countries - i.e. 
  not germany , but rather on germany 's ` side ' . 
   another voice to balance germanys voice would be rather welcomed by germany . 
  a voice to balance germany 's would be in opposition to it , not on the same side . 
   nowadays the only topics adressed by the uk resemble purely national interests and are focused on keeping camerons head from drowning . 
  plainly not true . 
  apologies , i meant the german government . 
  fair for whom ? 
   and germany would welcome a balancing voice unfortunately in many matters these days it seems it 's the german government who need to be balanced . 
  that 's just not true though . 
  yup . 
  i doubt anyone of sound mind would . 
   looking at france britain and germany the combined armies of france and the uk would muster far fewer than 500,000 soldiers . 
  you should at least be proud of your sausages too . 
  you have been banned from / r/schengen . 
  did he really say he wants to disband the army ? 
  tuition fees rise with inflation . 
  it 's not so much about what cameron wants as the opinions of the people of the uk . 
   the uk is surely not on the same page as brussels when it comes to the eu 's vision , why should the uk then dictate a reform model on the eu when they do n't even plan to be part of it ? 
  that 's not at all what i meant . 
  the uk is n't dictating to anyone , nor should it . 
  i 'm not saying the uk should demand reform from the eu . 
  i 'm saying reform is desired . 
   can you please elaborate as to how you mean this reform ? 
  i hesitate to suggest specific policies as they 'll be ( rightly ) picked apart and i 'm not political scientist , but i 'd like to see an increase in the democratic basis of the eu . 
  the current structure is not democratic enough for a political union or superstate and it does n't really have enough of a democratic mandate . 
  this is a much-argued point over the last few days and weeks but it 's a strongly held view of mine . 
  there 's loads of ways this could be achieved , such as a directly elected president , or commission members , but i feel without being able to vote directly for the executive of the union there 's no way for voters to select which policies they wish it to enact . 
  this leave it with a democratic deficit . 
  it 's just not close enough to the people and we do n't have the power to change that . 
  there are many other areas that could probably do with reform , but the other issue i have with the eu is that it seems so terribly resistant to such reform . 
  it uses the opportunity of crises to suggest more integration , but there 's no overall vision presented to the people of the eu . 
  all reform is towards further integration . 
  edit : i realize after the fact that you were probably asking me what i thought more in relation to the uk 's issues with the eu than my rant above answered . 
  i find it a bit difficult to speak for those that have other issues with the eu , and i 'm wary that if i go into anything those views will be considered my own . 
  nevertheless , i think a good proportion of the uk would like to see some safeguards around immigration , specifically being able to control the numbers of people coming into the uk from the eu . 
  i 'm aware the above is unpalatable and contrary to the aims and principles of the eu , and again , they 're not my views and i wo n't defend them . 
  happy to chat democratic deficit , however . 
   the uk wants to opt out of anything that has to do with a more centralised administration within the eu indeed , we 've persistently been against the passing of sovereignty to the eu . 
  it 's been the british position from before we joined . 
  nobody should be surprised by this , or surprised when we refuse to integrate further , given we 've been saying it the whole time . 
  an eu that accommodates the uk has to understand that . 
   they also want to isolate themselves from all of europe 's problems you mean schengen and the euro ? 
  it 's not like we 're backing out of commitments , both those were never joined by the uk in the first place because we had misgivings about them . 
  you can hardly blame us for not intervening when policies we believed were flawed were shown to do so . 
  the eu has been inept at handling problems regardless of the uk . 
   they better accept their new terms that guarantee uk 's impartiality in eu 's issues and certain rules i do n't believe it 's anything to do with impartiality , it 's more about the eu acknowledging the uk does not wish to integrate further .
