   in 2014 a japanese whiskey beat the scottish entries in a competition have you tried japanese whisky ? 
  it can be amazing . 
   a lot of people here do n't even view the irish as foreigners i do n't either - more like cousins . 
  if that makes sense . 
  edit : it 's also enshrined in law that we are not considered foreigners in each other 's countries . 
  whereas obama and le pen ( and others ) may be roundly ignored ( or worse ) , for me the feelings of the irish matter . 
  i understand the system , it 's just not democratic . 
  he was elected . 
  to play devil 's advocate , i do not see how that would necessarily help . 
  it 's sad that people find that explanation acceptable . 
  he 's unelected and that to me is wrong . 
  he has no mandate from the people . 
  he 's never been elected to any eu job . 
  he is unelected . 
  i 've ignored everything both sides have said . 
  i 'm making my own mind up . 
  the uk is mainly a provider of services . 
  that 's an excellent way of describing it . 
  i ca n't believe they 're talking about further accession at this point . 
  you do realise they all do it , do n't you ? 
  indeed - but the claim was that `` everyone '' , `` student , old person , worker '' did , which is false . 
  sure , in the last general election i voted on principle and not according to my wallet . 
  edit : yeah thanks for the downvote . 
  unnecessary . 
   it 's your cheapest government level . 
  well , it should be , it has no defence to pay for , nor welfare states , or health systems . 
  it 's also the most distant , ineffective , and irrelevant one to most people . 
   everyone when it comes to the ballot box votes in their best financial interest this is demonstrably false . 
  what do you think of sovereignty and democratic arguments ? 
  oh it carries weight , but it will go down very badly . 
  he will only help the leave campaign by speaking out . 
  perhaps , but i ca n't help but feel you steered the conversation to only economic arguments . 
  strong military , but not necessarily common . 
  having an opinion and having it reported is not a bad thing . 
  an eu minimum wage ? 
  what rate does he expect it should be set at ? 
  they 'd have my vote !, 
  are you saying all arguments to leave are irrational ? 
  [ i 'd rather you did n't ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/nuhno.gif ) . 
  can we just call you holland ? 
  not me dude . 
  is that not enough for you ? 
  edit : thanks for the downvotes . 
  i 've tried to honestly answer your question . 
  because people feel strongly about it and we live in a democracy where some issues are turned over to the electorate . 
  if you 're looking for a more complex or satisfactory answer i ca n't help you . 
  they 're major global tech hubs with thousands of startups . 
  no , they 're not the valley , but they 're huge in their own right . 
  you should proof read your own comments , as your spelling , grammar and punctuation are terrible . 
  not gon na happen dude . 
   bloody right . 
  why is this even happening again ? 
  because we live in a democracy . 
   there are statistics that show that immigrants to the uk pay more taxes and take way social security money so you are completely wrong on this point . 
  all of them ? 
   i 'd much rather stay in and push for reform good luck with that ... 
   britain is screwed not by brussels but by their own elite this is guardian-level shite . 
   you do n't know who verhofstadt is ? 
  ca n't say i 've ever heard of him either . 
  we do n't get much coverage of the eu parliament here . 
  this may be the first time he 's ever made headline news in the uk . 
   europe does n't have a silicon valley it has plenty of global tech hubs - london , berlin come to mind . 
  are you pretending it is n't ? 
   pretty sure the whole world hates scots these days anyway . 
  oh , shut the fuck up already . 
  why do you say the city is a tax haven ? 
  it operates as part of the wider uk economy , if the city is a tax haven it 's because the uk as a whole is . 
  you guys are crazy about your flag though . 
  i hope i never have to find that out . 
  well , i 'm on the fence about the eu , but i 'd despair if the uk broke up . 
  same . 
  i ca n't help but feel whichever way i 'll vote i 'll regret it . 
  europe is n't one society , it 's many societies . 
   iliberal aspect of liberalism . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  also , you have n't really answered any of my points . 
  what does liberalism mean to you ? 
  dammit i 'm actually having that debate elsewhere right now . 
   the threat of violonce comes when we enforce things derived from our values . 
  i 'm not following your logic . 
  if the threat of violence is the basis the enforcement of our values , then surely it 's ok * under the same value system * to apply this to other things ? 
  unless you feel our entire value system is in the wrong ? 
  i feel that it 's absolutely fine in the context of both modern and historical liberalism to say , this is right , and this is wrong . 
  there 's no certainty of violence with disagreeing with someone , and you 're using the slippery-slope fallacy . 
  i 'm disagreeing with you here , and you can rest assured this conversation wo n't turn physical ( even if it could ) . 
  liberalism does n't have to be * spineless * . 
   that 's semantics never understood this . 
  semantics is meaning . 
  indeed , and `` right '' is not the same as `` conservative '' . 
   extreme leftism , extreme liberalism it almost feel it 's insulting to the left and to liberalism to call it this , but i do n't think you 're wrong . 
  i prefer to think of it as the legacy of multiculturalism . 
   it 's hard to find a party who has a realistic view of what europe stands for i ca n't help but read this as `` it 's hard to find a party who agrees with me . '', 
  i notice you did n't answer my question . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're asking here . 
  i have a feeling whatever answer i give may be wrong and you 're asking a very subjective question . 
  `` western values '' - such as they are - are probably built around the ideals of democracy and the rights of the individual and the group . 
  if you can clarify what you 're really asking i 'm happy to be more specific . 
  edit : i have you res tagged as `` this guy fucks '' - which is probably a ( drunken ? ), 
  compliment but i do n't remember the reason !, 
  why is that a certainty ?
