  that 's got nothing to do with which is bigger . 
  but we 're talking about whose is the `` biggest '' . 
  unless you 're suggesting we do it by weight i 'm not sure the models of tanks matter . 
  interesting - i compared the two forces on [globalfirepower.com ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-comparison-detail.asp?form=form&amp;country1=turkey&amp;country2=france&amp;submit=compare ) . 
  turkey has many more troops ( 2x ) , tanks ( around 9x as many ) , artillery tubes ( over 3x ) , attack helicopters , afvs , and mrls . 
  france has more helos , marginally more aircraft of all classes , a few more frigates , and very importantly , 4 aircraft carriers to turkey 's 0 . 
  ( i 've summarized these a bit ) . 
  from that i 'd say turkey 's was the `` biggest '' by my definition ( most troops ) and by yours ( most weapons , vehicles , aircraft ) . 
  again i make no comments on the comparative power of these two forces . 
   technically by your definition you could have a million men with sticks and stones and it would be the biggest army in the world . 
  correct :-) that has nothing to do with its power , as various other commenters have pointed out . 
   the amount of weapons , vehicles , planes should all count towards the `` bigness '' of the army . 
  so who is the second biggest army in nato by that definition ? 
  you know they 're an ally , right ? 
  yes , but it does affect the size of the force , which was what i was asking . 
  nobody said it was the second most powerful . 
  parent did n't say `` second most powerful '' , they said `` second biggest '' . 
  i 'm not sure how else you 'd measure the size of an army except by troop numbers . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  it 's been an incredible transformation to watch . 
  are you saying that facebook has paid someone off ? 
  the economist is british . 
  drop in the odd `` counter-revolutionary elements '' and maybe a few `` imperialist reactionary forces '' and we 're done !, 
  yes , political this and political that . 
  churchill certainly did have qualms , he 's documented as questioning them on more than one occasion . 
  your comments sound like quotes from the kgb . 
  a `` lack of political consciousness '' is an interesting way of describing people who disagree with you . 
  what is v4 ? 
  again you misunderstand democracy . 
  ha that 's not how our democracy works . 
  please explain how . 
  nobody is `` under the english '' . 
  voted for sweden to use the wrong name for my country ? 
  as a scot i shudder with this . 
  the mouse that roared ? 
  i just wanted to let you know . 
  you 're in too deep mate . 
  i do n't agree . 
  no , you are misunderstanding what i am asking . 
  it 's also not a threat . 
  a threat would be `` if you do _ xxx _ , we will leave the eu '' . 
  maybe even `` if you do _ xxx _ , we will have a referendum that will take us out of the eu '' . 
  yes . 
  i 'm specifically asking about the government making a threat . 
  that does n't answer my question though . 
  there is no threat from the uk governemt in the paragraph you pasted . 
  you pointed me to a link referencing this referendum , i do n't believe that answers my question . 
  has the uk government ever , before this referendum , actually threatened to leave ? 
  honest question . 
  if we ca n't choose the people that initiate legislation we ca n't choose the direction . 
  we do n't vote for national governments on eu policies , so we ca n't choose from competing directions at the ballot box . 
  we can not vote on the direction of the eu . 
  we ca n't change it . 
  edit : i mean the direction of the eu is not put to the public at the ballot box , as it is in national governments . 
  good . 
  you 're right - that 's why i asked !, 
  is it me or is croatia marked as not being a member ? 
  edit : i 'm rubbish at maps , sorry croatia !, 
  there 's always been a heavy eurosceptic element in the conservative party , they have only recently drawn their swords though . 
  with the greatest of respect and in the knowledge that i 'm making a few assumptions here , you may not be in the best place to gauge how the referendum has come about . 
  by looking at your flair , can i ask if you live in the uk ? 
  the ` conundrum ' has been present for a long time , the referendum was called by the tories but you have to also share some of that responsibility with ukip too . 
  the mood amongst leavers is much more historical than the current government . 
  i think 40 years of history with the eu is responsible . 
  it 's short sighted to blame this on `` the tories '' . 
  i do n't agree with this , or any other broad simplification of the opinions of the british public on the matter . 
  would it be used for internal security ? 
  deployed on the streets after a terrorist attack ? 
  could it be used to suppress violent revolution ? 
  riots ? 
  succession ? 
  protests ? 
  postal vote , no need for that . 
  scot , voted leave . 
  edit : by postal vote , due to a wedding anniversary induced holiday . 
  do n't read too much into it , it was a joke , 
  and 10 other official languages !, 
  are you nordic ? 
  i trust it was his liver !, 
  unless it 's in scots , which would be hilarious - they need translators for everyone  have you heard of the scots dialect doric ? 
  it 's by far the worst ... 
  i really do n't think that will happen but as an english-only scot who ca n't even pronounce gaelic i doubt it 'd cause much of a problem anyway - it 's a tiny minority that speak gaelic , 
  one official language in scotland , 11 in south africa ... 
  is it really littered with that ? 
  i have n't really heard much discussion around illegal immigrants . 
  it 's not really part of the debate . 
  imagine if south africa joined ... edit : this was just a joke guys , 
  it certainly did not remove the threat of conventional warfare . 
  nato and the warsaw pact amassed huge conventional forces that faced each other for decades . 
  france 's biggest trading partner in 1939 was germany . 
  i do n't know if that is relevant , but it 's interesting . 
  tolerate , yes , be a member of , no . 
  got ta second this . 
  the contribution of other nations in the battle of britain is well known and celebrated . 
  it 's not forgotten . 
  thank you for clarifying , that makes a lot of sense . 
  i do n't quite understand . 
  on one hand you say the uk has blocked the progress of the eu , on the other hand you say if we leave it 'll hinder the eu . 
  would you prefer the uk to leave or remain ? 
  damned if we do , damned if we do n't ...
