  there is simply no other language that it would make sense for them to be able to speak when they arrive than english . 
  how is it a myth ? 
  it 's a real shame you 're being downvoted , because you 're absolutely correct . 
   a good example is ukip 's immigration policy , which requires any immigrants to be fluent in english ... even though that is one of the 4 `` local '' languages in the uk . 
  this is a terrible example , english is the national language of the uk and the one that almost all business is conducted in . 
  immigrants should speak english . 
  also , good luck finding an immigrant who speaks welsh ( or the other languages ) without speaking english . 
  you completely misunderstood me . 
  i was wondering who , not what . 
  no , i did n't . 
  it was perfectly reasonable and i do not understand your reaction . 
   the correlation means nothing . 
  maybe to you . 
   with your kind of thinking people like charles darwin would still be ridiculed in the developed world . 
  with my kind of thinking ? 
  you presume too much . 
  my thinking is along the lines of not banning things that we do n't approve of , if they do n't harm anyone . 
   so sorry , your cultural relativism does n't apply here - any influence which makes the adherences to these rights smaller is not ok . hey woah there . 
  what cultural relativism ? 
  i asked a very reasonable question . 
   democracy is not the same as tolerance . 
  no , but there is a correlation . 
   liberal tolerance only applies to self concerning actions . 
  i think that 's a narrow definition of liberal tolerance , and not one that i subscribe to . 
  then what are we talking about ? 
  the original comment i replied to said  all the backwards traditions have to go . 
  i presumed the suggestion was that this is done through legislation . 
  yes but who decides what is backwards ? 
  who decides what to ban ? 
  and , do we have to ban things because we do n't like them ? 
  what happened to tolerance ? 
   think of crap like special women-only swimming hours for muslim women and anti-gay-marriage protests should protesting against gay marriage be illegal ? 
  surely freedom of speech is more important ? 
   it flies directly in the face of the general spirit of personal freedom and the release from religious dogma . 
  forgive me but i do not think you 're standing for personal freedom , you seem to wish to ban things that you do n't approve of . 
   well , i think halal meat , forced circumcision , the lack of women 's / divorce rights , etc. 
  for a start . 
  so it 's you determining what 's backward and what 's not ? 
  that does not sound democratic to me . 
  edit : wow , i did not expect to be downvoted for this . 
  that 's sadly no help :(, 
  who defines what is backwards ? 
  absolutely , i think almost all of the islands in the atlantic were populated , with some notable exceptions - ascension , falklands , south georgia , st helena , no doubt others . 
  edit : that 's probably why the british still have bases on the ones above , there 's no native population to throw out the colonials , 
  well , most of the pacific rim ones ... , 
  as a brit that sounds ... sensible . 
  only some , not all . 
  as a brit i ca n't help but think this is antidemocratic . 
  the author does n't seem to be particularly well informed . 
   at the time , the royal navy had deployed hms invincible and hms hermes to the falklands . 
  each carrier fielded five vertical takeoff sea harriers armed with american sidewinder missiles -- all major components of the u.k. 's air war in the falklands . 
  from memory , * hermes * had 12 harriers and * invincible * 8 when they sailed . 
  you 've completely avoided any real explanation in favour of an off-the-cuff remark that i doubt you even fully understand . 
  have a downvote . 
  my point is that you 're smug . 
   smug ...  the rest of us , however , have higher standards . 
   sign the petition oh that 'll help . 
   the people of the eu are not even allowed to vote . 
  too dangerous . 
  what if they rock the boat ? 
  you should n't be downvoted for that . 
  it 's true . 
   what the fuck are soldiers for if not to fight and be near danger ? 
  loads of things - support roles , logistics , intelligence , pay corps , reme , there 's loads of jobs on the army that have little to no combat role , except in the most general of wars . 
  that 's a remarkably good idea . 
  german pragmatism !, 
  it 's a compromise . 
  i do n't read it as anyone being forced to do anything , if you do n't like the deal do n't take the job . 
  i do n't really see the issue with that policy . 
  as someone who founded a successful startup , some of our employees would have jumped at the chance for more equity . 
   cameron wants to erode employee rights to increase competitiveness more than anything else what makes you say that ? 
  absolutely , just wondering if that was the case . 
  thanks !, 
   5 % of our entire army has been wounded or killed in afghan in the last decade . 
  not being picky , but do you have a source ? 
  i suspect this is looking at the number of casualties over the size of the army , where as in fact lots of troops have been deployed and left the army since , making this figure seem larger than it should be . 
  not a small office . . 
  i was responding the the statement `` these are hardly regions that have international cultural influence '' - it 's not something that needs to be measured relative to the us , latin america has an international cultural influence . 
  movies are hardly the only element of culture . 
  neither is sport . 
  you seemed to write off the culture of an entire continent ( and more ) because there 's more american films available . 
  latin america lacks international cultural influence ? 
  what ? 
  you expect to get your information on a voting system from billboards and adverts . 
  read or watch the news , look up information online , read the stuff that was ( almost certainly ) posted through your door . 
  ultimately you are responsible for your own ignorance . 
  do your own research then . 
  that 's unbelievably intellectually lazy . 
  it 's far too complicated a subject to put in an advert , you should n't expect complex arguments to be spoon fed to you . 
  that you and your mates are ignorant is your own fault , no one else 's . 
  really all you 're doing here is emphasising the ignorance of your friends . 
  your mates are hardly a good sample . 
  not sure what your point is to be honest . 
  it was all over the news . 
  personally i think the av campaign failed because not enough people thought it was a serious enough situation to warrant change , not because one side won the argument with money . 
   but why would one make policy decisions based on historical and emotional topics ? 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
  i hope you 're being sarcastic . 
  right , everyone who disagrees with you is ignorant . 
  that 's definitely how it works .
