  it has , and it has also demonstrated a few of the weakness of the eu . 
  there are so many different players in this process - the council and tusk , the commission , juncker , the parliament , as well as all of the nations having a veto , that it appears to be such a bureaucratic , leaderless process , with no particular body having absolute responsibility to decide , that it confirms suspicions in britain that the whole thing is inefficient , rotten , and broken . 
  how on earth would reform ever happen in this union ? 
   what the renegotiated deal changes virtually nothing of substance he had such a great opportunity to stand in front of europe and demand real reform , and he blew it . 
  he could have made a case for reform of the commission , of the shifting parliaments , of the cap or cfp , anything . 
  he had the attention of europe - which he still has for the next few months - and he did n't make a case to them . 
  he could have lead a new vision of europe , making allies with the more eurosceptic nations , and got real tangible reform . 
  he could have tried . 
  he blew it in favour of this ill-conceived , incoherent , and weak package , designed to satisfy enough of the uk to secure a `` remain '' vote but falling far short of it , and now that it appears he ca n't even seem to secure that , it 's going to backfire on him and reinforce the `` leave '' campaign . 
  just looked that up , gosh that 's a complicated situation . 
  thanks for the correction :-), 
   anger should not be expressed by any side good luck with that buddy, 
    i think to the people of the uk , it 's a vote on whether we want the eu to have a say in our country or not , rather than the other way around . 
    unfortunately , that only goes to show how misleading and fundamentally dishonest the debate going on in the uk is . 
  i think it 's misleading and fundamentally dishonest to claim that you know what will happen post-brexit with such certainty . 
  you * are * speculating . 
  at least admit that . 
   i disagree . 
  i think everybody , especially in the political class , is aware exactly of what the relationship will be like the papers are full of contradictory articles speculating about a post-brexit future , there 's no consensus . 
   there are existing examples ( switzerland and norway ) they 're not good examples , as they have never been members of the eu , have never exited ( indeed ~ ~ no-one has ~ ~ only greenland has ( thanks / u/bowgentle ) ) , lack the size of the uk 's economy , military , are not nuclear weapons states , do n't have the channel , and so on . 
  the only parallel is that they have negotiated their own relationships with the eu . 
  the real fact of the matter is that this situation ( if it occurs ) would be novel , and where the legal frameworks that switzerland and norway have erected with the eu may be a guide , it would all be left to negotiate for the uk . 
  perhaps we would have very little room to maneuver , perhaps we would have a lot - we do not know , and you are speculating . 
   there is simply no practical basis to believe that the relationship could dramatically change . 
  i disagree with this , there 's no basis to believe that it * could n't * substantially change . 
  not * would n't * , but * could n't * . 
   the content of the laws will , of course , be in line with policies necessary for single market access . 
  i want to add that there 's an excellent chance your prediction will be correct , and that we become an associate member in all but name , with little power . 
  however you 're talking in terms of certainties , which is incorrect . 
   right now , the purpose of the referendum is to determine whether people in the uk wish their country to participate in the eu as a full member or not . 
  almost , it 's to determine if the uk should leave the eu - nothing about the level of membership . 
  that would likely come after a `` leave '' vote , but it 's not [ the question being put to the public ] ( http://www.electoralcommission.org.uk/find-information-by-subject/elections-and-referendums/upcoming-elections-and-referendums/eu-referendum/eu-referendum-question-assessment ) . 
   a vote on eu membership is essentially a vote on whether you want your country to have a say in eu legislation or not . 
  i think to the people of the uk , it 's a vote on whether we want the eu to have a say in our country or not , rather than the other way around . 
  let 's face it , nobody knows what a post-leave landscape would look like . 
  it 's too early to say what such a relationship would look like for sure , it 's just speculation . 
   this demand seems excessive it 's not at all seen this way in the uk . 
  i think most of us here are scratching our heads and asking why he 's gone for such a watered down strange package . 
  it 's a bit of an embarrassment . 
   if british citizens want the jobs , they need to compete for them as eu citizens , with other eu citizens that may want them indeed , and we 're having a referendum to find out whether we should be in this situation or not . 
   four times as many britons obtain unemployment benefits in germany this is about in-work benefits . 
  nice try . 
   there are left wing and right wing clubs come to scotland , we have protestant and catholic teams . 
   the pillars of our democracy are not ... democracy needlessly pedantic . 
  i was clearly referring to the rule of law , freedom of speech , worship , assembly , etc. 
  if you 're unsure what values i 'm referring to i invite you to read [ david cameron 's speech on muscular liberalism ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/pms-speech-at-munich-security-conference ) . 
   it would be possible to have a democracy without the rule of law or tolerance you 've set up your own little tower to tear down here . 
  what does this have to do with british values , and your contention that these values are `` weak nonsense '' ? 
   vague notions of democracy and rule of law , and tolerance , ca n't forget tolerance , probably . 
  how on earth can that be vague ? 
  we 're talking about the pillars of our democracy , of which he is the leader . 
  he knows full well which values he 's talking about . 
  the only vagueness comes from your understanding . 
  really do n't think that when he mentions values he 's talking about hate speech laws . 
  weak nonsense ? 
  how ? 
  well said . 
  interesting - thank you !, 
  where are you getting your numbers from ? 
  350k for a european nation seems very high to me . 
  other than turkey i ca n't think of any european nation with such a large army or even military . 
  it 's important to remember that the german army is nowhere near that size . 
  which one ? 
   the max . 
  size of the german army limited to 350k people that 's a very substantial army . 
  not 5th largest . 
  5th most expensive . 
  we joined the eec . 
   i do n't know how much metal rods ` leak ' they need to be isolated from ground water , otherwise they can corrode and leach into the water table . 
  he 's perfectly within his rights to appeal to the british people . 
   i do n't think he should be allowed to have this platform it 's his job, 
  we need to talk . 
  as far as i can find out it was signed as `` great britain '' - do you have that link ? 
   uk pretty much has opted out of everything in eu anyway oh shush . 
  you clearly have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  also the eu nations in the area ca n't really deploy brigade sized elements any more . 
  do you guys have a word for britain or is it convention to refer to it as england ? 
  other languages get a free pass . 
  can you send me a link ? 
  thank you !, 
  thank you !, 
  that was a very interesting read and exactly what i was looking for . 
  as a side note , it 's interesting that the measurement of strength in armies in central europe has gone from corps , to division , to brigade , and now is at battalion level . 
  he specifically said that it was used on `` international documents '' - to show this we 'd need to find one of the said documents , and sadly a half-remembered episode of qi , a light entertainment programme of dubious intellectual character , can not be considered to be any kind of confirmation of this . 
   history shows us its the migrant 's culture and laws that will eventually take hold which incidents in history are you referring to ? 
  it probably went through a few fashions to be honest . 
  [ you might find this interesting ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_britain ) . 
  i bet it was signed a few different ways for the first hundred years or so . 
   the commission , having the power of initiative and veto it 's also ( at least to me ! ), 
  the face of the eu . 
  i ca n't think off the top of my head of any people in the eu administration outside of the commission . 
   as far as i 'm aware , ministers are neither chosen among mps nor are they mps themselves in most of european parliaments . 
  they are just party associates , members or completely random people that the prime minister and the parliamentary majority feels are right for a specific job in the government . 
  it 's unclear what government you are talking about , but since you 're responding to a brit and using terminology the matches the uk , i 'll assume you are talking about the uk and frame my answer appropriately . 
  this is completely incorrect for the uk , all ministers are chosen from parliament and have seats . 
  almost all ministers are chosen from the commons , where they have been elected to sit . 
   it makes no sense to have individual commissioners be elected . 
  the issue i have is without anyone voting for commissioners , they are not responsible to the people . 
  they never put their policies in front of the public . 
  i agree that directly electing commissioners makes no sense , but they should be elected representatives in some fashion .
