  this fact , along with the amazingly good deal that the uk managed to swing when it joined up , means that the uk is a balancing force to france and germany , and gives the uk a certain amount of freedom . 
  i have to point out that you 're explaining the positive reasons for the uk begin in the eu * from the perspective of the eu * . 
  i agree with what you 've written , but it 's not a very persuasive argument for a voter as the debate is not really about that in the uk . 
   at least currently you have a say . 
  only through the referendum . 
  the ep vote does not mean much . 
   the eu is slowly edging towards more democracy , it 's just that the uk are not noticing this extremely slowly . 
  not as fast as it is expanding or integrating . 
   i very much recommend this article by professor simon hix . 
  i 'm aware of the spitzenkandidaten change , and i do n't like it . 
  it gives the illusion of democracy rather than giving people an actual vote . 
   if the uk leaves the european union , they 're going to be a comparatively unimportant and weak partner next to a colossal economy that has way more leverage and also actually has an incentive to make this painful for the uk such that other countries do n't also feel attracted to leaving . 
  it will be painful negotiations , and in the end , the uk will have to accept much of the regulation that they currently have to accept and pay a significant amount of membership fees , much like other small countries that have free trade with the eu , but are not members . 
  except now , instead of some say when the regulations are made , you will have no say in how they are made . 
  possibly . 
  probably ? 
  i do n't know . 
  the future is undecided , and i hope we have more friends than you think we do in the event . 
   european countries like the uk are dependent on other european countries and ca n't make policy in a vacuum . 
  this brutal fact of interdependence will not go away when you leave the eu . 
  there wo n't be some magical `` sovereignty '' that suddenly means you can do whatever you like and still prosper . 
  no , but we 'll have sovereignty over our own laws . 
  how so ? 
  apologies , i was thinking of my own experience and typed the wrong word . 
  did n't mean to cause offence !, 
   it would be better i think , but to point at a flaw and say it justify your country leaving is where i ca n't agree . 
  i have n't said that :-) i am undecided but leaning towards leaving . 
  democracy is extremely important to me . 
  we are creating at a rapid pace a new layer of government , of an untried type and concept , across areas never before united , without a common language or culture to bind them together , that is now looking to create an armed force of its own . 
  it 's so very important that this happens with the active agreement of the people . 
  it has to be what the people actually want . 
  whatever the result of this referendum , i do n't think there is much appetite in the uk for further integration , nor has there ever been at any stage of our membership . 
  lacking the ability to vote on the eu 's direction * , i think this is our only real voice concerning the future of the uk in europe . 
  we could of course make the eu more democratically representative of the people . 
  however it is hard to see where that reform might come from . 
  \\* i 'm aware of course we vote for meps , but they ca n't initiate legislation . 
  the council is composed of our heads of governments , but we do n't choose our governments based on their policies towards the council ( at least in the uk ) . 
  the commission is not chosen by the public . 
  there are few ways for the voter to influence the direction of the eu . 
   and why ? 
  democratic deficit . 
   so you had a feeling he would be aggressive , so you started being an ass preemptively , and look he turned out just like you expected . 
  i thought it was a daft question . 
   of course if you had n't been a jerk preemptively , he might not have been . 
  i guess we 'll never know . 
   funny how acting like an asshole gets you exactly what you expect ... you 're taking this a bit personally are n't you ? 
   i just kept reading that article , and apparently those are observations made a posteriori about what things influence the election , but are not rules per se agreed , thanks for clarifying that . 
  it 's interesting how many presidents luxembourg has had . 
  i wonder if it 's seen as the most neutral option ? 
   also there has been one ~ ~ commisioner ~ ~ president from the uk , roy jenkins . 
  so there has !, 
  it was quite a different job back then , that was before lisbon , amsterdam , and maastricht . 
  i 'm not sure it 's relevant though ( however interesting ) , even if the president had * always * been a brit it would n't make it seem any more democratic to me - quite the opposite . 
  i 'm having loads of normal conversations about it in this thread . 
  i enjoy the debates , but i had a feeling that person was going to be aggressive . 
  i was right . 
  i want a debate , not a bun fight . 
  also , as i wrote elsewhere , whether a reason is `` positive '' is subjective . 
  if i was planning to vote leave , i may not even have positive arguments to stay , just negative arguments against remaining . 
  and finally , i have n't made up my mind yet . 
   could you become president of your country ? 
  we do n't have one , but i could become pm in theory , there 's no legal or constitutional precedent in my way . 
  there would be for juncker 's job ( reasons previously mentioned ) . 
   the thing is the commissioner is selected by the parliament now , and that is democratically elected . 
  president or commissioners ? 
  neither are selected by the parliament as i understand it . 
  the commission as a corporate body is approved by a vote in the ep , which is n't the same as selecting it . 
  again i 'm unsure of how the candidates for the president job are selected . 
   could we elect him/her directly ? , probably , but most people would n't care that much , and the vote would practically be the same that the parliament one , so i 'm not to bother about it . 
  fair enough !, 
  that 's your prerogative . 
  the difference for me is that we would have someone campaigning on the policies of their administration of the eu , giving us the direct ability to choose the direction of the eu at the ballot box . 
  we lack this currently . 
  that would go a long way to correcting the deficit as i see it . 
   i am not aware of a country where you vote for a prime minister directly neither am i. 
  but the post is president , not prime minister . 
  many presidents are elected directly . 
  juncker has never been elected to any european job . 
   there are further criteria influencing the choice of the candidate , including : which area of europe the candidate comes from , favoured as southern europe in 2004 ; the candidate 's political influence , credible yet not overpowering members ; language , proficiency in french considered necessary by france ; and degree of integration , their state being a member of both the eurozone and the schengen agreement it all seems very ... * contrived * . 
  i do n't believe you or i could stand for president . 
  many nations are denied the opportunity to even field a candidate . 
  the candidates are chosen by a shadowy process behind closed doors * . 
  they 're not elected by the people . 
  it 's far from being democratic . 
  \\* as far as i can find out they 're chosen by the council behind closed doors . 
  i have struggled to get clarity on this point , again , please correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  i 'd really like to know . 
   which they were , in the last election . 
  they toured europe and presented their programmes , recruiting voters . 
  but there was no actual ballot for them . 
  they remain unelected . 
  the vote was for the meps . 
   which is the case with practically all continental europe cabinets . 
  i ca n't speak to the structure of other governments with any accuracy , but i believe in many of them the cabinet members are appointed by someone who is democratically elected . 
  that gives the appointment process a mandate , as the president/head of government can get elected on a platform and then appoint ministers to carry this out . 
  if a head of government is appointed without being elected , and they choose cabinet ministers that are also not elected , i would consider that system to be in deficit too . 
  but i do n't know of any off the top of my head . 
  if the president of the commission was elected by the people of europe , and chose their commissioners , that would make the process a whole lot more democratic . 
  they would be able to propose a direction for europe , receive a mandate , and carry out their policies . 
   but i 've never heard such governments being accused of democratic deficit .
