  not quite an alliance . 
  sadly ? 
  act of parliament plus a plebiscite in the islands i think . 
  a 10 year rule ? 
  i 'm sure i 've heard that before somewhere ... 
  britain . 
  you do n't know your history . 
    england red  england should be pink england is n't on the key . 
   england united kingdom . 
  for fuck 's sake . 
   therefore hitler could have used all his forces against the might of the ussr by the time the normandy landings happened , germany was already finished in the east . 
  the soviets were advancing on all fronts , it was almost a year year after kursk and germany 's defeat was already certain . 
  before the landings , the allies tied down significant axis forces in occupied france , norway , the low countries , north africa , and the mediterranean . 
  the us did n't enter the war until 6 months * after * barbarossa , until then it was the british empire alone that was responsible for tying down the vital troops that germany withheld from its invasion of russia at the most critical point . 
  by the time the us entered the war , the germans were being defeated at the gates of moscow and had suffered their first strategic setback . 
   i 'm not sure who would win , but i think russians would never get to berlin . 
  the russians would have taken berlin , and continued on to take the rest of the continent under the guise of liberation from the nazis , without an allied army there to stop them . 
  britain would have been in the same position but with a different enemy . 
   i 'm not american as you seem to suggest . 
  apologies !, 
   and the uk did take pat in the invasion , but it simply could n't do it on it 's own without the us . 
  i 'm not saying it could . 
  i 'm saying ** you 're ignoring the contribution of the rest of the allies ** . 
  the us could n't have invaded without the uk . 
  it 's a meaningless statement . 
   you would n't be able to mount an invasion of the continent yet we did take a full part in the invasion . 
  the us could n't have staged an invasion without the uk either . 
  for one thing , you would n't have had use of our ports and the staging areas in england . 
  while eisenhower was in overall command of the invasion , the land , sea , and air commanders were all british . 
  the uk supplied 40 % of the troops , 75 % of the warships , 80 % of the landing craft , and two thirds of the air forces , and that 's just the uk and ignores the contribution of other allies , most notably canada . 
   if you think you could , you 're very misinformed in my opinion . 
  the campaign in the west was a multinational affair . 
  the us may have been the dominant partner , but to ignore or dismiss the other allies is incorrect and chauvinistic . 
  you do n't just get to write off the millions of men from the uk , canada , australia , and the many other countries that fielded forces in the west because you have a hard on about the us . 
  that bismark quote was from almost a century prior and has no relevance . 
  way to ignore the rest of the western allies . 
  i did n't know that , thank you !, 
   oliver cromwell - ruler of england , ireland & scotland lucky wales !, 
   a best case scenario no kidding . 
  a more or less empty continent to settle ( aside from the perky natives ) , oceans on two sides , no borders with aggressors ( i 'm ignoring canada here as i 'm more referring to north america than the us ) , rich resources of minerals , arable land , etc etc. 
  completely incomparable to europe , where we have large and dense existing populations , and nowhere else to expand to . 
  she was correct , but they 're not part of the united kingdom . 
  the falklands are not part of the uk . 
  617 squadron raf , the squadron made famous for ( and formed because of ) the dambusters raid , has an awesome motto - `` apr\u00e8s moi le d\u00e9luge '' , or `` after me , the flood '' . 
   sure the detils and tactics differed they differed completely , one used an armoured thrust on a narrow front and and the other used a mass of infantry on a broad front . 
   the whole idea was the same well , yes , if you reduce it down to `` defeat the allies in a battle in france '' . 
  other than that they 're completely different plans . 
   they 've attacked and used exactly the wwi ( schlieffen ) plan the two plans are as different as they can possibly be . 
  the schlieffen plan involved a massive right hook , sweeping down through northern france on a broad front , whereas fall gelb involved a thrust through the centre on a narrow front . 
  can i ask where you live ? 
  no no no no no . 
  there will be * two * countries , britain and europe . 
  if you complete ignore scotland , sure . 
  i have n't actually seen it in a few years to be honest . 
   `` best small country in the world . '', 
  that sign pisses me off no end . 
  why not say `` the best country in the world '' ? 
  cmon guys . 
  the finland incident was the ussr , not russia . 
  it will be more difficult to get britain and france to agree to each others commitments first . 
  scotland is in the uk . 
  definitely not . 
  ha - i 'm scottish - not many warm floors there . 
  i got that . 
  why are they obviously not ok ? 
   obviously bare feet are also not really ok ? 
  that 's hardly the same as refusing reconciliation after ww1 . 
  source please . 
  it 's a bad idea to try to push your friends around . 
  that has n't prevented nato garrisoning tens of thousands of troops there . 
  edgy but completely false . 
  indeed , and therefore not a constituent of the uk . 
  it was a colony or overseas territory , but never part of the uk . 
  hong kong was not a constituent part of the uk . 
  edit : downvotes ? 
  i 'm entirely correct . 
  germany is hugely important in nato . 
  edit : fucking downvotes ? 
  have you seen where germany is , how thousands of us and uk troops are based there ? 
   where by `` not on his own authority '' you mean he has no authority at all . 
  the decision ultimate must be taken by a council made of merkel , hollande , cameron , etc. 
  etc ( in addition to being approved by all the respective parliaments ) . 
  he 's no `` obama '' . 
  and most of the armies of europe are not actually under his authority at all ( they might get placed under his authority in some circumstances , but that 's all ) actually , if you 'd bothered the read the link i posted , you 'd find out he also commands all us forces in europe . 
  he is , in military terms , the most powerful man in europe . 
  we do , the position is called [ saceur ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/supreme_headquarters_allied_powers_europe#supreme_allied_commander_europe_.28saceur.29 ) ( supreme allied commander europe ) and this position is currently held by general curtis m. scaparrotti . 
   can he decide to , say , do something stupid like invading iraq ? 
  not on his own authority . 
   without centralised command we do have centralized command . 
  it 's called nato . 
  even if the bulk of the forces are from the us , nato provides a command headquarters that all nato nations can fall into . 
   us terrorist bases wow . 
  did i ? 
  sold !, 
  i ca n't possibly agree with that logic . 
  outside the uk , not being a briton , i do not think your appreciation is truth . 
  my maltese colleague can vote too . 
  a couple were yes , but since they were paid for by the dominions they would not be in our ledger . 
  it 's a stretch to call the uk ` class based ' . 
   the tears of true irishmen * `` no true irishman ... '' *,
