  after all , if people did know how the eu worked , they could n't possibly find fault with it , could they ? 
   by `` abusing the definition '' you mean `` knowing what it is '' ? 
  but still want to prevent debate on it ? 
  indeed , a mild threat . 
   both sides only really care about the natural resources . 
  no , the uk cares about the british citizens of the islands . 
   we could actually improve security for the locals by cooperating with argentina in extracting the resources we are willing to , they are not . 
   instead we prefer to keep the falklanders under the shadow of the ` argentinian threat ' ( which is non-existant ) so we can keep all the resources for ourselves british and american oil companies . 
  why are you ` quoting ' ? 
  they invaded less than 30 years ago , there is a clear threat , if mild , to the islands and islanders . 
   so we can keep all the resources for ourselves british and american oil companies . 
  you clearly have no idea what you 're talking about . 
   what on earth could be `` shitty '' about open dialogue with argentina ? 
  we wo n't discuss the sovereignty of the islands . 
  it 's off the table . 
  and it 's the only thing they want to talk about . 
  killing a lot of people is n't a genocide . 
   it is now believed that the uk could not have decisively lost the naval battle without two or three major fleet defeats by whom ? 
  they absolutely had a chance , be it from good luck or terrible british gunnery . 
  it could not be risked . 
   back then london believed that the war could be lost at sea `` in one afternoon '' . 
  it absolutely could - with the loss of the grand fleet , germany would have been able to defeat the rest of the navy in detail and sever the sea lanes . 
  britain would have been starving within months , and would have had to drop out of the war . 
  without britain , france would have had a much harder time on the western front , and would have lacked the uk 's enormous industrial and financial support . 
  it is hard to see how the war could have been won on the western front without the uk . 
   it is not that simple . 
  how is the parent comment simple ? 
    is usually considered to be a mistake with hindsight perhaps , but was still a prudent move . 
  as the parent stated the british position in dreadnoughts was perilous at the outbreak of war . 
  if a general fleet action had been fought and lost , the uk would have been out of the war , probably taking france with it . 
  it was * vital * for the nation to maintain dominance in the north sea . 
   that 's winning . 
  oh come now . 
  neither of those conflicts should be considered to be a victory . 
   churchill was nothing short of an idiot as the first admiral he was n't ever a first admiral , that rank or position does n't exist in the uk . 
  also , you 're probably thinking of gallipoli . 
  he was an excellent * first lord of the admiralty * in other respects . 
  england has never been a superpower . 
  de gaulle deserved it for his wartime behaviour towards the allies . 
   it 's just , you know , the clothes , food , philosophies , languages , holidays , and religion are all very similar . 
  clothes ? 
  i 'm pretty sure we share that with the western world . 
  the food is totally different . 
  i do n't think anyone will agree with you on this one . 
  fairly similar ingredients , completely different cuisines . 
  philosophies , i do n't know what you mean by that . 
  politically , we have a monarchy and they have a republic . 
  we 've had no revolution ( s ) like the french have had , we have a very different structure of government . 
  economically , we prefer a more laissez-faire , they prefer a more statist approach . 
  languages - we have separate and completely different languages ( despite sharing some words ) . 
  this is obvious . 
  holidays , again i have no idea what you mean . 
  we both celebrate christmas ? 
  religion , well , not really . 
  france is predominately catholic and the uk is predominately protestant . 
   well , do you honestly believe that french and british culture are all that different ? 
  yes , i do . 
  we have completely different cultures . 
  i ca n't see how anyone knowing both countries would claim otherwise . 
  it was in response to your flippant comment . 
  why would you think i find the differences repulsive ? 
  source please . 
   oh , you mean the country whose nobility you shared for a thousand years ? 
  no we did n't . 
   who contributed the majority of your dictionary ? 
  source please . 
   the ones whose culture is effectively the same as yours ? 
  no it is n't . 
   so , you 're saying you just do n't mind recording your whole life , pictures , video , skype sessions , research on the web , communications , relationships , sms , emails , passwords and personnal datas , discussions recorded in your living room while watching tv , things you 're watching on tv , localisation 24/7 through your smartphone , every single thing of your life - on u.s. servers/territory , under u.s. secret defense laws , for ever . 
  ok then . 
  funny , i read the whole of the parent comment , start to finish , three times , and i could n't find where they had said any of those things . 
  perhaps you 'd be so kind as to point it out ? 
  it is ? 
  my favourite is [ cheese analogue ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cheese_analogue ) . 
  do you own a map ? 
   both them and the british were perfectly content to let hitler do whatever he wants i disagree with this point . 
  the british were re-arming and the french had tailored their entire strategy towards one of defence , and were not `` perfectly content '' for hitler to move eastwards , or anywhere at all . 
  it is n't true . 
  there 's wonderful food and ingredients all over the uk . 
  other than declare war on germany . 
  ah , espionage . 
   lost 1 sea harrier to ground fire , none were lost to air-to-air . 
  what 's wrong with sailing there ? 
   hierarchical unification is the least important part of military unity . 
  the austro-hungarians probably thought that . 
  good old fashioned centralist liberalism it is then !, 
  i was n't condensing anything . 
  i have no idea what you 're referring to when you mention infographics . 
  you seem to be reading more into my point than necessary . 
  the fallacy exists without using the word ` true ' . 
  the point stands . 
  sorry to tire you . 
  i referred to the fallacy correctly , regardless of your understanding of it . 
  clearly defending the pact does not make someone insane . 
  wrong perhaps , but not insane . 
  `` no true scotsman ... '' edit : wow downvotes . 
  my point is valid . 
  defending the pact is not a marker of insanity . 
  britain , for fuck 's sake . 
  an alliance is n't the same as a nonaggression pact ,
