  that 's not to say that the negotiations were meaningful or effective , which they were n't . 
   the uk is starting to get on the nerves of the other eu members i do n't blame people for thinking this and it will only get worse . 
  imagine how pissed off the eu will be if we vote to leave . 
   no-one forced them to join the eu we did n't join the eu , we joined the european community . 
   what bugs me the most is that they demand special treatment to which the eu will most certainly succumb i 'd rather we did n't get special treatment but rather reform of the eu . 
   i do n't see any advantage whatsoever indeed , expansion into these countries would be ideological . 
  honour and praise !, 
   why not watch the show that is discussed here then ? 
  i do watch it , although it sets a fairly low bar for historical analysis . 
  `` versailles much '' ? 
  i take it you mean the 1871 treaty ? 
   so blaming germany for ww1 now ? 
  hardly , and i do n't see how you can take my comment as saying that . 
  i meant that we had a war , so it did n't work . 
  and that fleet was a major reason why the war happened . 
  in general , i do blame germany for ww1 . 
   it was exactly made to prevent a war with the uk [ great job guys ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_i ), 
   `` germany built a fleet to attack the uk '' is that an actual quote or are you paraphrasing ? 
  just wondering , as germany totally did build a fleet to compete with the uk . 
  has to ? 
  i like the sound of it . 
  if you clicked the link , you 'll hear the prime minister and read the bbc using the term `` britain '' to refer to the entirety of the uk , today . 
  that is because the word `` britain '' , as used officially by the british government , as used in media , and as used in everyday conversation , refers to the entire uk . 
  they need to invent something that allows me to playfully slap someone over the internet, 
  so does the term britain . 
  [ here 's a current example of ` britain ' being used by the prime minister , and the bbc , to refer to the same entity as ` uk ' ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-35621079 ) . 
  i seem to get into this argument every week . 
  britain is a short hand for united kingdom of great britain of northern ireland . 
  i 'll post 100 links of it being used in context , if you really want me to . 
  i know the terminology offends some people , but it 's in very common use , it 's used officially , and is understood . 
   it was deliberate . 
  then it was juvenile to do so . 
  the uk , as a whole , is having this referendum . 
   england britain . 
  for fuck 's sake . 
  your whole argument loses credibility if you ca n't get the name of the nation correct . 
   uk is not a team player i really do n't agree with that . 
  we 're one of the most internationalist of nations . 
  the issue is that there 's a different vision of europe here . 
   you people, 
  still pissed off about that . 
  that would just be the leaders . 
   uk can trigger the clause nut only the uk , yes ? 
  how does the rest of europe feel about that ? 
   uk does n't have any vision for eu that 's true - but where is anyone else 's ? 
  i mean , we 're told that we must integrate further to solve issues like greece , and the migrant crisis . 
  but where is the plan - the vision for how this might work ? 
  clearly the eu is an evolving concept , and will go through more versions of governance in the future as europe decides how best to structure it - but nobody is putting forward a vision of what that looks like . 
  it 's just ` crisis , got ta integrate further ' . 
  one of the biggest reasons for this i feel is the lack of proper european leaders who can propose a vision for the future , and get elected to implement it . 
  the people do n't get a proper choice in how europe 's future looks . 
  the people are not included in the debate . 
   cameron 's got away with a massive amount of concessions it 's really striking that there 's such a gulf of opinion between the uk and the reu on how big the concessions are . 
  here they 're viewed ( generally ) as a bit pointless and weak . 
  they do n't come across as being major or important at all . 
   handbrake what do they mean by a `` handbrake '' ? 
  is it a veto , an opt-out ? 
  why do they need to come up with a completely new term ? 
  downvoted because you 're a bit creepy . 
   i love that the tabloid rag readers of the out campaign will drag their eyeballs away from the tits of kelly , 19 , from dorset long enough to ignore the meat of the article and repeat a one-liner based on bad logic and blame-shifting . 
  do n't follow your point , but given your tone i do n't need to . 
   on that note , present the benefits that leaving the eu gives us . 
  er why ? 
  i 'm not arguing * for * a brexit . 
   it 's plausible , but there are definite political problems in doing so , not least that the other eea countries as well as switzerland will be watching closely . 
  absolutely . 
  i think there 's always `` plan b '' , which would be negotiating a second tier of membership in the event of a `` leave '' vote that would satisfy the british public . 
  i think it 's possible the eu would try and move heaven and earth to gt the uk to stay . 
  i do n't know . 
   given the general stance of the eu that it 's not about size , an argument that relies on `` well , we 're doing it for the uk because they 're big '' will be extremely hard to sell - particularly to the smaller member states . 
  it all depends on the strength of the eu 's negotiating position , and the public perception of the eu at the time . 
  a lot will depend on the referendum timing , i think the eu will likely be in a weaker position the longer that time goes on , as we have seen a steadily growing dissatisfaction with the eu as a result of the migrant crisis etc. 
  it would be a big blow for the confidence of the eu administration for the uk to leave . 
  i think there may be turbulent times across europe in the next decade . 
  edit : i want to be clear i 'm speculating , i have no idea how the next few years are going to turn out . 
  none of us do . 
  what if 2 million migrants arrive this summer ? 
  what if russia and turkey get into a ground war ? 
  what if there 's another large terrorist attack , or another cologne or two ? 
  all of those things would hugely change opinions across europe and the relevance , popularity , and perhaps even survival of the eu as a union would depend on their ability to react positively and effectively to these bad situations . 
    the only parallel is that they have negotiated their own relationships with the eu . 
  the real fact of the matter is that this situation ( if it occurs ) would be novel , and where the legal frameworks that switzerland and norway have erected with the eu may be a guide , it would all be left to negotiate for the uk . 
   that 's not quite accurate . 
  switzerland is the only state with single market access that has a bilateral treaty with the eu - the others ( iceland , liechtenstein , and norway ) are eea/efta members . 
  the eu is opposed to the further negotiation of bilateral treaties : thank you for the correction . 
  i think it 's definitely plausible that they will make an exception for the uk in the case of brexit . 
   possibly the uk could establish another version of the eea ( why not , after all it founded the first version ? ), 
  with just itself and switzerland as members ? 
  it 'd be like the naughty corner of europe . 
   an interesting article on the price switzerland pays for its choice , particularly given the heavy emphasis in the uk debate on the immgration issue : http://www.huffingtonpost.com/student-reporter/switzerland-and-the-eu-th_b_5003363.html thank you that was really interesting . 
  it would be very interesting in the case of the uk , as eu migration levels are seen as huge and part of the argument to leave . 
  if negotiations were not handled in a sober and constructive manner , it could be particularly destructive to europe . 
  can the same be said for eastern europe ? 
    making allies with the more eurosceptic nations  denmark and ... mmmmh ... let me think ... denmark ? 
  these days i 'm not so sure . 
  it 's really hard to gauge from the awful press we have what the feelings of the peoples of the eu actually are , but i know that euroscepticism has increased across the eu over the last few years . 
  i 'm not sure if any nations are as a whole eurosceptic in a similar manner to the uk ( other than perhaps denmark ) , but there certainly are a lot of eurosceptics across the eu . 
  apologies , i got on such a rant with my other comment i forgot to reply to your second point . 
   however , the renegotiation exercise has not been entirely futile . 
  it has demonstrated the extent to which the uk has influence in the eu and the extent to which the eu can be reformed .
