  in which country ? 
  i can only speak to the uk . 
  in general , cabinet ministers are chosen from members of the winning party 's own mps from the house of commons . 
  in this case , the members are directly elected as mps , but appointed into the cabinet . 
  i think that gives them a much greater democratic mandate than any eu commissioner . 
  of course , in the uk , that 's never the entire constitutional story . 
  we have a very flexible system of government that allows all kinds of combinations , some less democratic than others . 
  there 's no requirement for ministers to be elected . 
  many ministers , although few at cabinet level in recent times , are appointed from the unelected house of lords . 
  i believe it 's convention to have at least a junior minister from the lords for most government departments , so that they can defend the department in the lords . 
  [ you can see the current list here ] ( http://www.parliament.uk/mps-lords-and-offices/government-and-opposition1/her-majestys-government/ ) - note the many names without `` mp '' after them , they 're the lords . 
  using this system it 's possible in the past to elevate someone to the government , indeed even the cabinet , with no democratic mandate , more or less instantly . 
  by having the monarch award someone a peerage ( and with it the right to sit in the lords ) , they can then be asked to join the cabinet ( or even to form a government , although i do n't think this has ever happened ) . 
  see [ lord beaverbrook ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/max_aitken,_1st_baron_beaverbrook#world_war_one ) for an example of this being put to use in wartime . 
  this will no doubt have changed with the recent changes to the house of lords , if anyone with better knowledge of this than me would like to expand on whether this is still possible with the appointment of a life peer please do let me know . 
  that is not democracy . 
   the us would probably employ a more ` hands of ' aproach and leave us to our own demise ... only to come back , 3 years too late, 
  honourable mention for queen anne too . 
  except for our razor sharp wit . 
  * much * more potent weapon than a rolled up newspaper . 
   imo , the `` near-abroad '' is any region where the local events can have an immediate effect on the domestic situation, 
   but whatever , i 'm not the unhcr , and i do n't feel that haggling over this point is going to change any realities on the ground . 
  no fair enough , i was just curious where your numbers were from , i 'm not trying to be pedantic . 
  the important point is that many are not refugees , and are not fleeing violence . 
   even if it 's just a total coincidence that there 's a war in the european neighborhood syria is n't really in the european neighbourhood . 
  it 's in the next housing estate over . 
   europe is still being overwhelmed , regardless of whether we call it a blue dress , or a white dress . 
  but it does matter . 
  you solutions above might work for warzones , but they ca n't be applied to stem the flow of economic migrants . 
  the reason they are coming matters a great deal if we want them to stop . 
   care to elaborate ? 
  poor attempt at a joke , given that my country is as likely to leave the eu as stay right now . 
  sorry if i 'm not being clear . 
  my basic point is that if you strangle the problem at its source , then you 're not gon na be having 900k refugees in the first place . 
  absolutely , however it 's important to remember ( and how could anyone forget in / r/europe ? ), 
  that europe has waaaay more migrants than refugees arriving . 
  it 's a migrant problem rather than a refugee problem . 
   now that they have been overwhelmed by 900k people where is this number from ? 
  it 's my understanding germany has taken more than that on its own . 
   also , i think that the european allies should stop being assholes to italy everytime it asks for help with this issue completely agree . 
   seeing italy get overwhelmed is n't going to lead to anything but trouble in the rest of europe if europe ca n't solve this problem on its own , then right-wing governments will spring up that can deal with it , and then we will be in a proper mess . 
   so ... you guys should basically try acting like a union . 
  i 'm british so i 'm going to just look embarrassed at this . 
  fists , razor sharp wit , smugness , and the occasional pointed stick . 
   i recommend having gotten some state-building done such that the immediate neighbor countries could help adopt refugees without getting completely overwhelmed . 
  focus on lebanon and tunisia , since those are the smallest two . 
  i was asking what you 'd do in europe . 
  on one hand you say ( shout ) about interventions in libya , syria etc , and say that we should sort our problems in europe , and when i press you to find out what we should do * in europe * , you call for more interventions in africa . 
  at least be consistent . 
  i meant what action do you think should be taken in our local european neighbourhood . 
  it 's called the irish sea . 
  yeah i ca n't imagine we 'd leave ireland in the lurch . 
   this is unfortunately what you get when you do n't man the fuck up and go deal with isis in your local european neighborhood what are you referring to here ? 
  prevents revolutions , coups etc. 
  not in comparison to what i want ( that 's not my point ) , more weak in that he could have demanded reform of institutions rather than these measures which seem to be pretty low importance . 
  can i ask why you see them as so dangerous ? 
  edit : terrible wording above . 
  really ? 
  i think they 're weak . 
  should be a brigade . 
   goldman sachs has invested $ 37 billion of capital for solar , wind , smart grid and other clean technologies in the past few years . 
  can you provide a source for that ? 
  i do n't want to check your figures , rather find out where the rest of their investments are made . 
   that is precisely what determines whether it is weak and vague [ what makes a strong or weak argument ] ( http://www.ask.com/world-view/strong-weak-argument-d765ccffce0fe87f ) [ vagueness ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vagueness )  i 've rather made up my mind about your ability to convey it . 
  how many times do i need to point out , i am not making the argument ? 
  i do n't believe in it , i do n't support it , and i have n't in any way done so in this thread ? 
   this is precisely the nonsense politicking that has made me grow so weary of the out campaign this is logic , not politicking . 
  i am not supporting the out campaign . 
   it 's a constant self-satisfied stream of `` oh yes , there are very good reasons , trust us ! '', 
  no , sorry , i do n't . 
  fine , you do n't agree with them . 
  good for you . 
   convince me of the merits of your argument or stay out of politics . 
  ** it 's not my argument . 
   no , what you 're doing here is proving the weakness of the out argument how so ? 
  i 'm not making it . 
   which is to say it has trouble substantiating itself it 's entirely absent from me . 
  again , the argument has been substantiated well elsewhere . 
   you 've repeatedly said you do n't find their reasoning vague or unclear at all , and yet ca n't explain why . 
  not unclear , weak . 
  a strong argument is one that is supported by facts , reasoning and reliable sources . 
  a weak one is not . 
   that 's the problem with the entire campaign - it 's based on bad reasoning . 
  a campaign i am not part of , and do not support . 
   no , if you want me to vote to leave the eu , which makes sense to me to be a part of , i definitely need to find your argument compelling , and you telling me that i do n't makes me nervous . 
  that is what 's required to * convince you * . 
  it has no bearing on whether the argument is strongly made ( ie not weak ) , and full of detail ( ie not vague ) . 
   okay , what are they then ? 
  i do n't want to be drawn into this , * as i am not making the arguments * . 
  i am saying that there exist arguments that are not weak , and not vague . 
  there is an wealth of studies , articles , opinion pieces etc on the subject . 
  i think i 'm being misunderstood here . 
  i am not arguing to leave the eu , in any way at all . 
  to stress again , i 'm not attempting to make the arguments . 
  other have done this , all over media and the internet . 
  what i 'm saying is that the reason you have only found `` weak '' and `` vague '' arguments is because you have not researched enough ( hence `` vague '' ) , and because you are prejudiced against them and thus find they have little value ( hence `` weak '' ) . 
  you do n't need to find them compelling , or to agree with them , to recognize that ( some ) arguments on those matters are neither weak nor vague . 
  edit : how they can be seen is vague is beyond me . 
  there 's reams of text on this , in the media and on reddit , and elsewhere . 
  it 's being talked about to death .
