that 's only a rumour and has never been proven . 
  british . 
   in scotland i reckon it 's dundee scumdee . 
  it 's the scottish equivalent of the `` fly over states '' in the us - the drive through city . 
  do n't stop . 
   really : britain and france have enough nuclear warhead to whipe-out any life from the surface ~ 400-500 or so . 
  not nearly enough to wipe out life . 
  at the peak of the cold war , there were maybe 70,000 warheads , even that would n't be enough to wipe out life . 
   we 're ready to stand a war against u.s. or russia russia perhaps , but not the us . 
  that 's not at all true . 
  you 're writing as if you 're a spokesperson for europe when you 're just a dude on the internet . 
  do n't presume to tell me what my opinion on europe is . 
  you have a serious problem with generalisation . 
  you keep using ` us ' as if you speak for europe . 
  you do n't . 
  what the fuck has this conversation turned to ? 
  no , it 's their job . 
  i 'm guessing that it 's because a missile fired while the aircraft was approaching would have a greater range of engagement as the aircraft and missile will be heading towards each other and closing the distance more rapidly , while shooting at an aircraft heading away from you would have to catch up with the aircraft . 
   well , it 's either that or be killed yourselves that 's an unfortunate choice that they as soldiers faced . 
   from what i know , they were pretty powerless and outnumbered , so they could n't have made a difference anyway . 
  you know , i still believe they should have tried . 
  they had weapons and a duty to protect civilians . 
  yes , but remember two facts : 1 . 
  ships kept getting sunk 2 . 
  the more food in the ships , the fewer guns and bombs . 
  so they implemented rationing as soon as the submarine campaign began . 
  both wars . 
  there was no convoying in most of ww1 , and the allies ( largely britain ) lost huge numbers of ships that put a serious strain on the british economy . 
  in 1917 the losses were so great that jellicoe was predicting britain being knocked out of the war if losses continued . 
  luckily they then started using the convoy system , and losses plummeted . 
  i 'm neither a lawyer or a firearms expert so i would expect my argument here to be picked apart by either , but i 'll have a go . 
  i would say it should be unloaded , disassembled , and not carried in the same container as ammunition . 
  disassembly would depend on the action of the firearm . 
  i think the uk defines it ( loosely ) as being rendered inoperative , in that the parts can not be used as a firearm without assembly , and can not quickly be assembled into a working firearm . 
  i have no idea how they define quickly . 
  essentially if the weapon can be fired by simply loading with ammunition , then it would not be considered disassembled . 
  i realize that there are many holes in this argument , not least covering people who want to carry weapons , such as hunters . 
  i guess if you 're not currently using it ( at a range , hunting , or some other legal purpose ) it should be disassembled , unless locked up in your home . 
   something like that should really only be legal if you are in the process of walking from your car to the firing range , not walking through your neighborhood . 
  what about a no-carry rule ? 
  as in , no carrying an assembled firearm , anywhere . 
  if you 're going to a range , it 's disassembled . 
   molotov-ribbentrop anyone ? 
  oh , please . 
   this view does not seem to be generally shared either on this sub or elsewhere . 
  careful not to equate reddit opinion with that of the public . 
  subreddits tend towards taking a strong line in one direction and downvoting contrary opinions . 
  this sub is not too bad at all for it , but it 's a tendency . 
  watch / r/scotland . 
   because it 's the simple truth . 
  clearly it 's not simple . 
  care to explain your views ? 
   sure , i could trawl through the record to find a lot of backup but no one pays any attention to that round here or anywhere else . 
  we 're asking you to provide it . 
   so why bother , say i. 
  because without it we can not take your views seriously . 
   if you look to the deeds rather than the words it might well be reasonable to conclude some important german is lying through his teeth . 
  which deeds ? 
  show us . 
  that is not what the parent meant, 
  very interesting and thoughtful answer - thank you !, 
  one minor point though , the uk is already in the eu and does n't need to join !, 
  how would you describe it ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  i really do n't think that 's the case and it 's a misconception in this subreddit . 
  there 's no appetite for it . 
  you 're assuming there will be a change , of which there is no precedent . 
  edit : why do you believe there will be a change in opinion ? 
  what would change it ? 
  true , but i ca n't see the british people voting on surrendering sovereignty to europe . 
  there 's no precedent to suggest they would , and quite a precedent they wo n't . 
  what would be in it for them ? 
  oh where is this from ? 
  nice verse . 
  so would the population . 
  the people would n't want it . 
  it goes way beyond the tories and media , there really is a strong opinion in the uk that a federated europe is not the right path for the uk . 
  and do n't use the word `` quaint '' . 
  fucking ever . 
  wish they 'd broken it down by region in scotland though . 
  traitor !, 
  [ allies of world war ii ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/allies_of_world_war_ii ) - the ussr was and is considered part of the allies . 
  no `` technically '' about it . 
   the ussr defeated the nazis while the allies made a distraction on the western front the ussr was one of the allies . 
  i 'm scottish , it 's not a slap across the face . 
  grow the fuck up . 
  do you know he 's also entitled to both have and express an opinion ? 
  yes , but it should n't matter what they want . 
  that 's for the people and the people only to decide . 
  i do n't believe we vote for journalists . 
  britain . 
  until ww1 , britain had no alliance with france . 
  you forget your allies . 
  there 's a village in scotland called [ cruden bay ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cruden_bay ) , which literally means `` slaughter of danes '' . 
  nothing wrong with that , i think . 
  creating businesses , jobs , wealth . 
   although apart from their presence in the area , so far i just get the feeling it 's pumping out more digital agencies rather than those investing in new ideas/products/services . 
  not sure i agree that digital agencies do n't invest in new ideas/products/services - by consuming them surely that is an investment ? 
   war propaganda do n't confuse media sensationalism with propaganda . 
  hardly nato 's fault milo\u0161evi\u0107 died in custody .
