  i had no idea it was so large . 
  do you have a source ? 
  this is simply false . 
  interesting view point , how do you see the various `` no '' votes in the referenda about the consitution/lisbon in ireland , france etc ? 
  agreed . 
  this place has some great debate . 
  it seems to be polarising a bit lately but it 's still one of the better subs . 
  no , you 're the brother we moan about but love . 
  demonstrable rubbish . 
  willful ignorance . 
  it 's not their ignorance that is making them vote leave . 
  that 's a very patronising viewpoint . 
  this is the mistake labour is making . 
  once i am able i 'll post some stats of the number of square miles captured , germans killed , guns captured or destroyed , casualties incurred , prisoners taken and so on . 
  apologies for not having these to hand . 
  my wife will be angry at me if i skip breakfast to argue on the internet . 
  on my mobile on holiday so do n't have reference sources to hand . 
  how do you do the remind thing ? 
  edit : i 'm well aware of the hundred days offensive and the german attacks beforehand , and that to take a single ( although crucial ) battle out of the context of a general advance would be incorrect , but how does the example you posted reinforce your point ? 
  the british were the driving force in 1918 . 
  the french army was exhausted . 
  this is not in any way true . 
  there 's an excellent chance this sub will blame the media for a brexit , missing the point entirely . 
  please understand that there is a large difference between the remain campaign , and people who have said that the uk should remain in the eu . 
  one is a funded and organised political campaign , the other is just individual ( or corporate ) opinions . 
  brexit is an eu matter and deserves to be fully covered here . 
  oh , please ... 
   muslim ghettos sure . 
  how should that education programme be organised ? 
  the majority of voters live outside london . 
  that was not a referendum about our entry , we were already members . 
  well that rather depends on the timescales involved and reasons for holding the referendum . 
   on a whim a referendum is hardly `` a whim '' . 
   go live in completely different climate as you do now and in time you 'll get used to it . 
  not necessarily . 
  apologies , i understand what you were saying now !, 
   the vast majority of poor people in macedonia get zero from the government . 
  you said edinburgh though - that was what i was referring to . 
   try raising a kid on 400 pounds per month in edinburgh with no government assistance whatsoever, 
   no government assistance whatsoever but you would have assistance . 
  whatever the amount , it 's greater than none . 
  has n't it always been the case , everywhere ? 
  i laughed :d, 
  i thought the same but i did n't want to attack op for his perspective , just add to the conversation . 
  not to take anything away from what you said , but the same also applies in the uk . 
  it 's not my campaign . 
  you keep doing that . 
  dismissing and ridiculing those who disagree with you . 
  it 's not an admirable trait . 
   fa chairman , greg dyke , has tried to calm fears by calling the news `` absolute bollocks '' , whilst the vote leave campaign has blamed migration . 
  feels like satire to me , but i honestly ca n't tell . 
  you ca n't deport your own criminals , how 's that any better ? 
  it 's not `` better '' per se , however they are citizens . 
   fact is it 's not the eu preventing europe going to war it 's globalisation on a wider scale it 's nato . 
  also , all our leaders of the past are racists and thereby not worthy of any praise , everything done in the time of empire was objectively wrong and we should feel guilty for it , there 's no such thing as british values , nation states are artificial and therefore doomed to the scrapheap , it goes on ... 
   are you kidding my point was you were expressing your reasons in your previous comment from the perspective of the eu , rather than the uk , which is not the debate raging in the uk . 
  i agreed with your points . 
   the uk has an incredibly good deal going . 
  the eu gets what it wants ( a somewhat impartial counterbalance ) , and the uk gets what it wants ( cheap trade with an essentially captive market , easy access to talent and resources , and the tools to allow greater specialisation that increases efficiency , increases jobs , and increases the economy whilst allowing the uk to retain social welfare initiatives like the nhs at a fair price ) . 
  agreed . 
   without the eu , we could n't afford to keep that up , and we 'd have to lose large areas of our economy ( mostly the export market , which would cost us hugely ) in order to keep up costs speculation . 
   the uk ca n't find an alternative to the eu whilst the eu can eventually find an alternative to the uk . 
  they will most likely extend an even more generous offer to norway , and say `` look , we need an external balance , and we 're willing to give you a good deal like we gave the uk in order to get it '' norway is hardly a replacement for the uk , in terms of gdp , international reach , population , just about everything important measure . 
  again everything you 've written is speculation - i have n't heard this norway argument before from either side . 
   anyone who 's not a rich tory should understand that this will result in a tory government slashing welfare , increasing taxes on the poor , and cutting taxes for the rich in order to `` stimulate business '' which would then pocket the difference and allow the poor to go hungry . 
  voting to leave will allow the tories more power , and that 's exactly why they want it . 
  i 'm so sick of this `` the eu saves us from the tories argument '' . 
  it 's profoundly short-sighted . 
  the reason * some * tories want to leave is because they believe britain would be better off outside . 
  any tory government outside the eu would have exactly the same power as a labour government outside the eu . 
  economics do not weigh heavily into my thinking . 
  my concern is democracy , and i can not vote * for * the eu if it is not ( as i see it ) democratic . 
  i could n't - i live in london . 
  i would have voted to remain . 
   the armed forces thing , i think is not going to happen in the near future ... at most we 'll have another eu battlegroups or something like that . 
  i would n't worry too much about it . 
  it 's not a huge worry of mine ( i agree with your assessment ) , but i can not support its existence without it being controlled by a democratically elected body . 
  have we learned nothing from the 20th century ? 
   i would argue european culture is a thing i agree !, 
  however it 's orders of magnitude less important than national/regional cultures . 
   you start to realize the things we have in common we do , but that 's not the issue at here . 
  i 'm leaning towards leave because i do not like the structure or direction of the eu , not because of its peoples . 
  it 's about the political membership , not the cultural side of it . 
  and , even if we do leave , that will not affect european culture so much . 
  there is so much more to that than the eu . 
   you know , you believe you are having a political discussion , because in the british echo chamber those are presented as completely valid arguments that make tons of sense . 
  i 'm speaking on / r/europe , not in some `` british echo chamber '' , whatever that may be . 
   what would you say to a welsh guy that goes on about the democratic deficit in the uk , because the secretary of state for transport is n't elected in a popular vote , `` who is this guy , i never voted for him , he was chosen by a shadowy process behind closed doors . 
  it 's far from being democratic '' . 
  i hope you recognise that the secretary for transport was elected as an mp , and that makes all the difference . 
  there 's no democratic deficit here . 
   at first you might try to explain to him how the world works , but if he keeps going on all that you can do is to tell him `` hey shithead , go fuck a sheep ! '', 
  and the brits , you see , are the eu 's sheep shaggers . 
  ca n't argue with that !, 
  thank you for taking the time to answer !, 
   there are a few positive arguments for remaining , not least because the uk provides stability to the eu . 
  i do n't just mean economically , because of course without currency union the uk ca n't provide it to the same degree as france and german , but it does still provide a lot of stability to european economics , since so many of the uk 's purchases and sales go through the eu . 
  i 'm not just talking about that , i 'm talking politically . 
  the uk is sort of peripheral to the eu , without being completely a part of it . 
  this gives the uk a different take on european issues , and means that the uk 's political presence in the eu is tempered by the fact that we 're not quite so heavily tied into the scheme .
