  i ca n't only assume that they 're vague to people who have n't properly read them . 
  well , i have n't made an argument either way , so i doubt that . 
  i 'm on the fence . 
  i think you believe the arguments are `` vague '' because you have n't either researched or understood them enough , and that they 're `` weak '' because you have a prejudice against them . 
  an argument for national sovereignty , why is that weak for you ? 
  you may not respect the idea much ( i 'm speculating here ) , but surely you can understand that it matters for others ? 
  you may disagree with them , but in no way does that weaken their argument . 
  i 'd love to hear why you think the immigrant crisis is a `` weak '' or `` vague '' argument . 
  it 's all on you , buddy . 
   britain had a very large army in india we 've historically kept a very small standing army , but we 've swelled the ranks when we needed to , the thinking being that it was ( fairly ) easy to raise , equip , and train an army in a relatively short period of time . 
   let 's assume there wo n't be any trade between the uk and the eu let 's assume that the channel dries up , france turns into belgium , and that i win the lottery . 
  well , so will the average voter or citizen . 
  this is not in any way part of the british thinking on the subject . 
  people from outside the uk * love * to bring it up , but it 's entirely untrue . 
   the entire argument for leaving is vague and weak then i submit that the issue is with your understanding of the arguments , not the arguments themselves . 
  depends on where you 're from , really - in british english there is a clear difference between the oceans and the seas , and while you can be in both the ocean and the sea at the same time , you ca n't be in the ocean in a sea . 
  i went to oktoberfest this year , i expected to see loads of migrants but did n't see any . 
  haig was many things , but i do n't believe you can justify an accusation of callousness . 
  her enemy ? 
  he died like a century ago . 
  way to forget the other allies . 
   to be fair , you guys did want to ( and were going ) invade norway anyway , to get to the swedish ore i was replying to that . 
  you make it sound as if there was only a planned invasion , whereas the invasion actually happened . 
  for some reason you link to the description of the plan but not the far more descriptive page on the [ norway campaign ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/norwegian_campaign ) . 
  honestly , it feels like you just did some frantic googling and posted the first link you found . 
  at worst you are uninformed , at best disingenuous . 
  i 'll never understand why people post history stuff without checking their facts . 
  it takes seconds . 
  there was a campaign in norway , it 's very famous , it was a disaster and led to the rise of churchill . 
  not to sound inflammatory , but has n't that process been happening for decades ? 
  the tornado had an interceptor variant . 
  just now . 
  god , i hated it when i lived there . 
  you could only see as far as the next hedgerow . 
  scotland is suffering from the low price . 
  i think this opinion stems from a lack of understanding of men and masculinity . 
   how do you solve this ? 
  easy , alleviate poverty oh , it 's easy , is it ? 
  absolutely , but it 's quite masked from british life . 
  it 's not that obvious . 
  as a side note , i ca n't really understand voting for a party list instead of a person . 
  i realised afterwards i should have written mep . 
  what a stupid comment . 
  of course they do . 
  witness last year 's referendum . 
  people do n't care about eu elections because they do n't have to . 
  they do n't impact their lives . 
  eu elections are rolled into other elections and are n't really even publically discussed . 
  nobody knows their candidate , there 's no campaigning to speak of , and i do n't think anyone understands or has even heard of the parties in the european parliament . 
  they 're the most irrelevant of votes . 
  killed , not murdered . 
   why should i respect beliefs that directly contradict western civilization ? 
  you do n't need to respect their opinions , just respect their right to have them . 
  but that 's just my opinion . 
  with a privilege checksum . 
  it was quite a spectacle - unfortunately that was the only decent photo i got of the stadium . 
  they had replaced a lot of the ceiling lighting of the tube station with red and blue panels as well . 
  there are a * lot * of blue , white and red lights in london right now - someone is making a fortune . 
  [ photo i took of wembley tonight ] ( http://imgur.com/clnjt87 ) . 
  because of the bombs . 
   it 's probably not true for someone in syria or iraq right , but we 're talking about integration into the west . 
  * misleading - in private only *, 
  i should probably have said nation state . 
  the uk may not be a single nation but it is a single economy . 
   [ i 'm not saying it as a scientifically backed fact ] ( https://youtu.be/weolsjlcqng?t=7 ), 
   again , past decade . 
  please be more specific . 
  you think you are making a point but you are n't . 
  the eu is n't a single economy though , and it makes little sense to compare it to nations . 
  brewdog is still marked as being in frazerburgh , but they moved to ellon a few years ago . 
  source : my bottle of punk ipa, 
  ouch . 
  ... are n't in the eu ... 
  scotland by a mile . 
  nothing beats kilts and ceilidhs . 
  brown was elected . 
  we do not vote for prime ministers . 
   the m48 , m60 and leopard 1 can be destroyed from the front by all french and turkish at weapons . 
  the leclerc and leopard 2 can actually withstand hits from a quite large category of at armament and take out the m48 , m60 and leopard 1 from a longer range than those tanks can take out the leclerc and leopard 2 . 
  my money 's on the turks . 
   it 's clear that you are not getting my point i got your point . 
  like 10 comments ago . 
  you have n't gotten mine . 
  that 's essentially what i summarized above . 
  that is not a comparison of * effective size * . 
  it 's a comparison of * size * . 
  you 've cherry picked your stats ( filtering by `` modern '' ) to show only those that show where france has more force . 
  to say that turkey 's 1,600 m60 's should n't be considered as part of the army 's `` effective size '' because they 're old is stupid . 
  they may not last long 1-on-1 against a current generation mbt , but france and turkey have rough parity on those , plus turkey has another ~ 400 leopard 1 's and 1,300 m48s . 
  turkey has 3,000 more tanks than france . 
  as the old nato phrase went , `` quantity has a quality all of its own . '', 
  it 's clear you 're not getting my point , that * i am talking about a different measurement of size than you * . 
   because there is a difference between size and effective size i am talking about size . 
  just size . 
  i have tried to make this clear . 
  from your own definition above you can see there is a difference , and while you are talking about `` effective size '' ( a concept you have invented ) , i am just talking about * size * . 
  which one is bigger , which one has the most men , and the most weapons . 
  it 's got nothing to do with qualitative differences . 
  please refer me to any source that allows me to calculate the * effective size * of an army . 
  using the example of the turkish and french armies above , please compare their `` effective size '' , as i have done with their size .
