  essentially , those governments are not my concern . 
  it 's for the people of those countries to decide if they are happy with their system and structure of government . 
  my concern is with the upcoming eu referendum . 
  just adding a comment with a further thought . 
  i believe * that the president of the commission has to be from a country that implements both schengen and has the euro as its currency . 
  that rules out a brit from the top job ( and the irish , the polish , the swedes , danes , and others ) . 
  i do n't find anything democratic about the selection or eligibility of the president of the commission . 
  \\* let me know if i 'm wrong on this by the way , it 's my understanding of how it works . 
  the eu is extremely complex . 
  the phase was `` democratic deficit '' , not `` undemocratic '' . 
  there 's an important difference between them . 
  the former suggests that the level of democracy in the system does not go far enough , the latter suggests it has no democratic elements . 
  or so i understand them , anyway . 
  i think the commission suffers from a democratic deficit . 
  all its members are appointed and none have to undergo any kind of popular election , at all , to become commissioners . 
  they have no mandate from the people for their offices , and as the commission is the executive of the eu that for me is quite unacceptable . 
  i 've had this debate constantly over the previous few months , and if i 've learned anything it 's that all of our expectations of democracy differ . 
  it comes down to definitions as much as anything . 
  i personally feel that such an important layer of the eu government needs to answer to the people , and have a democratic mandate for its existence . 
  it has a * huge * impact on my decision - it 's extremely important to me . 
  by the way , sorry i have n't answered your positive reasons comment yet , i 'm tackling my inbox top down !, 
  thank you for writing it . 
  if you 're not going to make any points i see little reason to continue this . 
   if i seem agitated it 's because this is a very serious issue , and apparently people vote on an irrational gut feeling instead of reasoned arguments . 
  i take the opposite perspective that people have the right to vote for whatever reasons they want . 
  it 's a side effect of living in a democracy . 
  you may not like it , but here , the people 's decision rules . 
   and you do n't want to take responsibility for your position i exercise my responsibility at the ballot box . 
  arguing with angry people on the internet would not make me a more responsible citizen . 
   which makes you one of them . 
  i have n't told you my thoughts - such as they are , i remain undecided - so you have no way of knowing that . 
   ze democratic deficit , powers only ever going to brussels and never back , no more pints and inches , i did n't vote for junckers , you know curious , do you think those reasons are silly ? 
  granted pints/inches is , but the democratic deficit , power transfers are silly ? 
   wauw great argument . 
  it was n't an argument , it was a question . 
   so if i understand correctly you do n't . 
   you do n't have positive arguments to leave because i do n't have a vote ? 
  i have my own reasons , but whether they are positive i suppose is a matter of perspective . 
  regardless , i do n't think i 'd gain much by sharing them with you , you seem rather aggressive . 
  why , do you have a vote ? 
   just remember , the eu is more than just what has been on the news for the last couple of years . 
  i do know that , but it does seem to be going in a direction that i do not like the look of . 
   not trying to sway you any way please do !, 
  i 'm really enjoying the debates on reddit and i 'm entering all of them with an open mind . 
  i am undecided and would love to hear some * positive * arguments for remaining , especially from a citizen of another european country . 
   ah the stereotypical right-winger . 
  classical liberal , actually . 
   benefits from something and then as soon as possible votes to take that benefit away from younger people . 
  again , erasmus does not influence my thinking on my choice of vote . 
  as i stated above i am still undecided . 
   amsterdam back in 2002 . 
  lived in reigersbos . 
   still probably going to vote leave ;-) ha , it was ok . 
  i had classes for around 2 hours a week so i was quite bored . 
  probably did n't make the most of it !, 
  it has no bearing on my voting decision . 
  it was quite a while ago , and a lot has changed both for myself and for europe since then . 
  i 'd like to think my reasons are more substantial than my own experiences when i was 21 . 
  do n't let him get to you . 
  vote with your own conscience . 
  where in amsterdam ? 
  i did my erasmus at hogeschool van amsterdam back in 2002 . 
  lived in reigersbos . 
  still probably going to vote leave ;-), 
  if you 're looking at the building with the golden statue on top , it 's the [ old bailey ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_bailey ) , a high court . 
  the statue is [ lady justice ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lady_justice ) . 
  i 'm not sure what the church on the right is , i 've had a look at some moderns maps and ca n't place either the direction the photo was taken in . 
  there are a lot of churches around this area . 
  if i find time this afternoon i 'll wander over and see if i can find it - it could easily have been knocked down since . 
  edit : i think i have it !, 
  it might be [ st sepulchre 's church ] ( http://stsepulchres.org/ ) , which is [ still there ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/st+sepulchre's+church/@51.5160047,-0.1021378,252m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x48761b53110ff3fb:0x227bf7e86fdcdd6d!8m2!3d51.516709!4d-0.102203!6m1!1e1 ) . 
  i think the photo was taken from st paul 's cathedral . 
  royal navy , grand fleet . 
  i do n't believe the grand fleet was ever referred to as the `` royal fleet '' . 
  i guess technically the royal fleet would encompass the whole of the royal navy , whereas jutland was fought by the grand fleet ( there may have been attached destroyers etc from other fleets and flotillas - i do n't believe the harwich force was involved in the fleet action ), 
   royal fleet grand fleet . 
  i actually ca n't tell if you 're being sarcastic . 
  what are you on about ? 
  multiculturalism is a relatively new thing . 
  the navy built ships to fight with . 
  we currently have 3 , english , scots and northern ireland . 
  there 's around 30 for spain . 
  so the uk only gets one spot for london ? 
  that does n't make sense . 
  really stretching the definition of lying there . 
  keen to find out why you categorize this as a lie . 
   we did n't need an army patrolling the seas or the land before . 
  traditionally the army does n't patrol the seas ... 
   that sentiment i will never understand , dear brits . 
  why ? 
  ukip is not far right . 
  not at all . 
   would you vote the nsdap if it meant immigration would stop regardless of all other issues ? 
  i think you 're guilty of over-simplification here . 
   the people he killed off such histrionics . 
  as much as anything , i see this as evidence of a lack of imagination . 
  the point is at least one nation would object to it . 
  the queen ? 
   it will likely be an all-or nothing affair if it happens . 
  i think it 'll have to be .
