you 're welcome to change your mind anytime when you see the way i am going to deal with the subject . 
  anyway , thanks for your thoughts !, 
  you popped my insult-cherry and i am waiting for a lot worse stuff to come . 
  lemonparty.org they have my vote . 
  i try not to go too heavy with the blue-yellow theming , but you are right , a flag for example is important ( in the header ) . 
  thanks for your thoughts on the website !, 
  thank you , this is excellent !, 
  you 're kinda judgemental here . 
  have a look at the website once it 's done !, 
  i am sorry you feel that way , nonetheless i am going to pit as much energy into the argument as needed . 
  making this page is my way of dealing with political education , thus i think it 's far more than polluting the discussion . 
  no problem , thanks for replying anyway !, 
  i know , that `` stammtisch '' - rant bullcrap is one of the points i seek to fight . 
  rock on ^ ^ !, 
  the intention behind the site is to show the advantages . 
  of course there will be space for critical voices and thoughts . 
  after all , i am doing this for education , not because i want to rape minds with my pov . 
  thank you !, 
  this is great !, 
  especially the `` leviathan '' point you were making . 
  people do n't seem to understand that * they * are the eu , it 's not some thing up there in brussels which is tzo be branded as tyrant-ish organisation . 
  thank you for your input !, 
  edit : oh , and of course , humour and wit will not be excluded !, 
  this is what i thought as well - i want to speak to those who are ignorant or just had no chance to educate themselves . 
  i will take on the strawmen and demagogic lies of mostly austrian newspapers ( kronen zeitung ! ), 
  of course . 
  thanks for your ideas !, 
  i take it you 're talking about the currency and myths/lies about the money itself making things more expensive etc. ? 
  thank you for your idea !, 
  this is very interesting !, 
  it 's still without content , because i do n't want to launch a construction site , but thank you for your input . 
  i will consider posting again once the concept and basic input is done . 
  you are entitled to your opinion , of course . 
  yes , you got that right . 
  thanks . 
  i guess i had a little culture cringe there . 
  i would really like to see the sources for that . 
  i vienna , maybe . 
  in other provinces and especially outside urban areas ? 
  not a 20 per cent . 
  i guess i do n't always have a way with words . 
  saying what i meant in a way like you did in your last paragraph would have been better . 
  maybe i should n't be * that * pissed about the election . 
  you are not getting my point : those who are easily caught by populist anti-eu agitators ( such as the fp\u00d6 and other radical parties ) are not typically right out of university . 
  voters of hatebreeding parties are not the sharpest knives . 
  what is wrong with that point of view ? 
  for your critique for my behaviour goes : you are a random person on the internet and have no idea about the people you are interacting with on here . 
  same goes for me , of course . 
  i really do not care what you think , but i am going to think over my ways of expressing myself , it obviously comes over the wrong way . 
  that 's something i * do * care about . 
  it 's called an extension . 
  [ first point here . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_art_of_being_right#synopsis ) this is what / u/somesuredditsareshit said :  `` smart people think like me !, 
  dumb people do not ! '', 
  if you cautiously compare the letters in our posts you may find some differences . 
  not * `` now '' * . 
  they will always be dumb if they do n't appreciate the eu . 
  only euro-socialists ? 
  if by `` euro '' you mean the currency and not only an abbreviation for europe , i can assure you that money which independent states share has next to nothing to do with socialism . 
   ( because you are one ) ? 
  bless your heart for that lovely dig . 
  i simplified it out of anger and for the sake of clarity . 
  i know it 's not that easy do break down , but the educationally disadvantaged seem to be more worried . 
  i know that effect , girl . 
  you seem to try for an insult . 
  try again . 
  edit : just had a look at some of your posts . 
  you 're but a little pathetic racist broad , i think i am done here . 
  that 's not what i said . 
  come on . 
  smart people appreciate the eu . 
  dumb people do n't like the eu . 
  what do you think there 's more of in that fucking world ? 
  pretty much . 
  play as maria theresia in civilization v and you can , * buy * city states for about 500 after being their ally for 5 that turns . 
  it 's called something like `` diplomatic marriage '' . 
  alright , alright , since it 's not far from me ( tyrol ) , i am going to visit bled and laibach . 
  ** slovenia is awesome !, 
  i wo n't play any dare games with looking up sexy ottfried at work , but just you wait until i get home . 
  this is the internet after all hehe ... finding such a thing went straight on my agenda . 
  i wonder what people would think if they saw `` find sexy ottfried fischer picture '' among some appointments ... yet the hunt is on . 
  we 're talking * sexy * , right ? 
  as in : tasteful . 
  not a deixian bsdm caricature ? 
  yeah , you really picked the most fortunate image out there :d . also , drexel was cool . 
  i could schick you a landj\u00e4ger . 
  want some ? 
  sometimes it does , but not in all austria , merely in tyrol . 
  as a tyrolean myself , i think the debate is extremely ridiculous ( since in the schengen area we can travel , work and transport however we please , as inidviduals that is . 
  there 's next to no difference if this is italian ground or austrian ) . 
  i know of few people who still regard this as an issue , but they exist . 
  but , when all capitals , you would not put a '' \u00df '' in there , would you ? 
  oh of course !, 
  thanks for reminding me : poll on january 20 . e : i am for a professional army . 
  i am not exactly sure what it is in austria . 
  we 've got much talk about corruption on the news , and of course there 's austrias # 1 concern : immigration !, 
  fuelled by the fp\u00d6 ( freedom party , the rightist idiots ) . 
  other subjects are the eu ( in/out ) , debt ... quite the same things as in other countries . 
  no , only room temperature , which indeed feels cold in your mouth . 
  but your d : is totally ok ...
