  it was posted in this thread lol ... do i need to link to the data in your own thread ?? 
  i read the article and that rule was applied some time ago , not now , and it was by eu officials ? 
  i do n't know that, 
  idk why this is an issue . 
  90 % of swiss already do n't have guns at home.im in no way against people owning a gun for self defense but this law does n't go against it at all, 
  i love when people think they are right about other people 's phone !, 
  you are n't . 
  as i say again . 
  it 's a system app , that huawei/honor does , it has an anti virus on that app where in small letters says it 's powered by avast . 
  in no way that 's ads for avast . 
  also , you do n't know what bloatware is . 
  cause you fking described right after `` i 'm not arguing if it 's bloatware '', 
  no no lol its not like that . 
  its on the system apps . 
  i know what bloatware is and this isnt . 
  so yeah , same as portugal , and i know , a majority is needed so yeah , the coalition to get majority will form the goverment, 
  arent each other the party leaders though ? 
  if one of them win the elections , they will form the government . 
  its for seats in parlament right ? 
  avast is in every huawei and honor phone so yeah . 
  they prob get a lot of money for it, 
  one is shulz the other is merkel . 
  both are good for the stability of the eu so i dont care much . 
  i hope there is media with great audience saying the truth, 
  so them blaming us can be true if we brought it there, 
  but still get rekt by renault/volkswagen ( depending on market ) in market share, 
  [ no ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/hmdsitzh2sbgm/giphy.gif ), 
  i think what he said was fair . 
  the us left is our right in portugal . 
  except for the moral values ( lgbt and such ), 
  pcp and be maybe were the ones to say no . 
  knowing that they are eurosceptics, 
  tbh , i couldnt care less for mayonnaise . 
  and ketchup . 
  both suck ^ ( fight me ), 
  if this means jup\u00e9 goes forward and steals the voters from fn . 
  i would be happy . 
  it would decrease macron chance victory but i have a feeling le pen will pull a trump and win 2nd round if she gets there, 
  is that really mayonnaise ? 
  normally here we put it with a garlic sauce . 
  i was confused by the portuguese word in the map thinking we were talking about that . 
  realised later than i would like to admit, 
  or saying democracy goes to shit , could be a way to make the statement better in english, 
  even in portugal there is like 1 city or 2 who does this types of wagons . 
  they are funny . 
  the porpuse is to shit on everybody . 
  the haters who reported the post dont know the meaning of carnival lol ( or triggered who knows ), 
  no , those barely occupy space , to have a 3000 mah battery it would need to be bigger . 
  like almost 150 % . 
  the battery is the thing that occupies the most space in a phone, 
  no wonder the mate series from huawei went from s to 8 lol, 
  yeah for a. 
  battery that big you need a bigger phone lol . 
  it 's great for it 's size, 
  is the clay thing about the paraguaian war ? 
  where they got gangbanged ? 
  oh no , someone dishonors my name :(, 
  the more south , the worse . . hmm, 
  well at this point it 's just not objective anymore . 
  blaming the people or the scapegoat they use for such actions . 
  middle eastern muslim terror will not end soon , the seeds were already there and many more are planted to this day . 
  the west fked up in the last century now we have to endure it . 
  no , the people are the source . 
  they are just justifying such barbarity on religion so it 's ok in their eyes, 
  so did we back in the day , time to burn witches ig and ban gay people ... she is not wrong on this, 
  it 's not the same goal , constantinople gives access to the mediterranea, 
  i meant turkey ... 
  yep or the people are retarded , russia would kill to have that territory , that 's the whole reason they got crimeia , it 's a strategic point and istanbul is a major one for centuries now, 
  i heard those big fans that others country have also produce energy ... win win [ build the wall of fans ] ( http://marine.unc.edu/files/2015/09/wind-energy-free-desktop-wallpaper_1920x1200_81824.jpg ) edit : someone made a joke almost about this . . i hadnt seen it ... sorry :(, 
  oh boy the late talk shows are so spicy nowadays , steven colbert , john oliver etc. . and its not like they arent shaming trump administration without reason , they fact check their shit . 
  your airport control is super inconvenient , it took me 2 hours to get into the us through immigration control , almost missed my flight to new orleans . 
  do n't make it worse lmao . 
  your country does n't have that problem , your problem is over staying visas , they need documents to enter but if they do n't exit afterwards , they are illegal . 
  you can take them out easily . 
  by making a citizen card like we have here . 
  using it to vote and everything , it 's our id while in the us i think it 's the drivers license right ? 
  make it that everyone needs to show it time to time . 
  it also helps the elderly vote instead of being in huge lines to get the right to vote since they lost their drivers license . 
  that goes against a convention iirc . 
  if someone goes to germany through austria , germany can send them there , austria can do the same etc etc , the result would be fking greece over because they ca n't prove where they came from . 
  its sad actually , we could say wtv we want but after they come to europe through the mediterranean we cant kick them to their home place because they have 0 documents with them proving their nationality . 
  i think people have no problems helping war refugees but a ton are economic migrants . 
  im against a muslim ban though im favorable for more control on the issue , and the reason isnt personal , its just a way to please others and the safest decision for the stabilization of the eu ( stoping the alt-right movement ), 
  god damm it man . 
  you german and use mph ? 
  my family business is car service so yes pls ( though accidents at super high speeds is like instant death and car goes to the garbage ) . 
  douches would have accidents more , for normal people nothing would change, 
  how did your rivalry with finland started ? 
  ( i find it hilarious though ), 
  billions , several , some big tech companies avoid taxes from time to time . 
  theres no exact number, 
  also extremist by the daesh wouldnt do smth as stupid as that though , im leaning toward psycho , but well see, 
  i think this guy was not an extremist , just a psycho ( omg idk how to spell it ), 
  countries still have to deal with dumb people, 
  this is about big corps , a lot of them use tax evasion schemes for bigger profits . 
  idk why you are against taxing companies profit ( not income , but profit ) . 
  also idk why you think taxes are bad , they are n't punished . 
  its to pay for public projects . 
  universities , army , schools , roads . 
  the problem is when thats miss managed,
