  the decrease in value of the pound is bad when you import way more than you export though, 
  i think his story would be a great one for the campaign of bf1 , too bad they did n't ( either way , we didnt do a whole lot ), 
  like supporting bernie while being politicaly right , sometimes countries need smth others dont offer, 
  the 3rd one is a big issue imo , currently billion of euros arent paid in taxes , it could be used to fund a lot of things, 
  a gigabyte for social media in a day ? 
  what social media is that ? 
  youtube ? 
  jeez , i got 3gb a month and use facebook all the time . 
  we should print in our money , in science we trust just for the lols, 
  also it seems like the factory of trolls has gonne out of hand , i can imagine world leaders creating meme divisions to disrupt oponents elections lmao . 
  how far has the world come ... funny yet tragic, 
  unless le pen happens , then fk them too, 
  i use the 5 cent coin because the machines accept them , life saviours at times, 
  [ instead of ussr put ottoman empire and russia with turkey ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqkzestq0wo ), 
  so basically . 
  bad-fillon . 
  good-macron ? 
  ( for the eu i mean ), 
  why fillon ? 
  i thought he was ok ? 
  what ? 
  i didnt get what you meant . 
  i was just asking if that was the brand of the `` soviet '' car , known because its the same for decades . 
  the only eastern european country i visited was russia , because a family member of mine worked there, 
  isnt that the brand that has the same kind of car since a long time ago ? 
  i think when i was in moscow i saw several taxis of that . 
  maybe im wrong, 
  yeah renault-nissan ( renault-nissan aliance ) has renault , dacia , nissan and mitsubishi . 
  yeah , you dont see those pro esports players from den having issues with going to the army like south korea or greece has so i thought that, 
  idk , i think he is like that student that says in an argument about whatever `` that is not ok '' \\* sees teacher face to see if its correct * \\* teacher makes disaproving face * `` i mean its ok ! '', 
  and in small letters ^ ( ^ ^ aka the holy roman empire ), 
  yes it is but canada has a point where they simply dont have anyone livibg there , i was suprised by australia because i thought they had more density populated shore than i anticipated, 
  that is believable tbh, 
  say what , really ? 
  wow ... australia only has the twice of my country population ... til, 
  theres never smth good in death idk why the hate.he was old , it was expected since he was in the hospital in dire condition . rest in peace, 
  its important for small states to have a word though , else nationalism may rise.so a president should receive full power if wins both electoral and popular vote while if he fails one of them it would have some consequences to his total power ? 
  idk, 
  and france should keep it , the terrorists main target is france because they are one of the most active in the middle east, 
  or your own hitler , idk, 
  you know what this statdment reminds me ? 
  treaty of versalhes, 
  hmm the reasoning seems because these veg options are trying to appeal as something they arent . 
  like hey heres a pork dish but vegan . 
  idk but this would be the reasoning it seems , but its a bit random tbh, 
  i think for now , the market will stay the way it is , and maybe return to what it was , when article 50 is triggered , both eu and uk may go down , i would say for uk to go wayy down . 
  depends on the media coeverage . 
  its all about image , if the image given is of `` we fked boys '' meaning , rough eu talks , making the uk go away in a bad deal , the market may go down like we havent seen before or nothing can happen , all up in the air, 
  its also used on r/worldnews , dont come with that, 
  while killing 5000 is impressive for a 1400 force but 13k to disease ? 
  wtf happened ? 
  i wouldnt say we have large families ... but k , its more of emigrating to france/luxembourg for a better pay, 
  dinner is always heavier than lunch . 
  idk about the criteria for light and heavy meals but for me both are normally the same except at dinner i eat dessert . 
  but keep in mind , im a uni student , not a working adult, 
  we portuguese eat lunch at 13 and dinner at 20-21 though, 
  the most common place to go in eu is france and luxembourg for the portuguese , there was a post on this page about people who live abroad and we had the same numbers as france ( total , not % ) on that!when their capital holds the same population as our whole country . 
  i might leave portugal as well to work abroad when i finish my masters , theres no big deal ( not because i need to tbh but for experience in general then to comeback ) . 
  one of our defects is that we , as a group , have a big ego towards others from our group . 
  example : working in construction , the `` trolha '' : in portugal ? 
  lame , in france ? 
  good bmw that has 20 years ? 
  good new car not mercedes , bmw , audi ? 
  lame i had an argument with a friend of a friend . 
  he said that it would be best to buy an audi from 04 with 350k km done than a new car for the same price . 
  ( now this is irrelevant but if you want to know ) he even had people backing him up ( those without cars ) . 
  the ones who had 1 backed me up . 
  he still stands by what he said, 
  you just described portuguese that go to france , then they come back on vacation and speak french though they perfectly know portuguese , normally to brag or some crap . 
  its just ass atitude , im from.a turist city so in the summer you see a lot of these, 
  england is expensive af so the ones to.normally go are usually the best with scholarships also this is the reason for hawking to be against brexit , it will affect unis and cientific development, 
  yeah , i dont know much but ive been reading and it seems bad, 
  heyyy same name ( acronym ) as our social democrats . 
  tbh , thank god the only party which questions the eu is the far left but no one gives 2 shits about it ( for now ) ( though the socialist party has a coalition with those 2 so he has majority but its mostly ok for now ) from what ive been reading in the comments , it seems bad but you dont need to exagerate , it wasnt as harmfull of an election as austria could have been . 
  the people must press the government so it doesnt stray from its path . 
  same while playing sleeping dogs , i actually fked up a lot in the game lol, 
  the reason ads block exists is the existence of intrusive ads and those wont stop anytime soon so they should cooperate with ad-block instead of try to win in court against them , people wont stop using it . 
  ad-block plus still shows ads that are ok by their standards which is legit defending the user . 
  `` by definition , non intrusive ads are n't blocked to support websites '' the problem with it is that they basically blackmail big websites ( that make 10 mil a month in ads ) to work with them and give a slice of the profit , and the numbers shown are a bit ridiculous but either way , quality overall of the internet increases using it, 
  the us shat on vw where in europe they were too soft imo, 
  luxembourg has 5 % on intelectual property , really low for what they want comapared to the 20 % of the uk 's, 
  or not , they were avoiding taxes there , why wouldnt they in the uk ? 
  holly shit that cat is so fking cute, 
  suposedly he had a request some days ago and was like normal in his refuge but some people say he is dead/in prison and that wikileaks is being used as a means to shread people 's credibility to win elections ( the latter part from conspiracy ), 
  i said reason , meaning , those guys who are just douches because they are anonymous , they wouldnt be irl . 
  they sure have , but if any website wants , they can say fuck you , we dont like douches, 
  yeah you are right , but i was talking about people who only do these kinds of things because they are anonymous , like internet trolls . 
  and i as i said , as long as they follow the rulers of the site they are in , it should be fine . 
  i dont consider it censorship , because freedom of speech doesnt apply to private companies anyway ( well you can say what you want , but doesnt exclude you from consequences ) if its against the tos , you can get banned . 
  facebook and twitter try block this already , the eu is saying for them to do a better job . 
  in the end im neutral on this, 
  though , reddit for example has anti hate speech rules on every sub reddit and so should facebook and twitter , facebook could not apply this rule to groups so hardcore trump supporters can do what they want there . 
  its not a violation of freedom of speech if you violate another 's freedom . 
  also a woman was arrested for asking the demission of our pm in 2014 in the parlament , was convicted as thats against the rules . 
  the internet has a beautiful thing of anonymity , that doesnt give you a reason to be a douche, 
  well idk but there were some very retard comments ( now deleted ) when i made my comment, 
  for example , in portugal there was a guy on the lose for killing 2 people . 
  for 30 days he ran . 
  all these days he was considered a suspect till he was caught and had a trial . 
  should he deserve to be up if he escaped to rest of europe ?
