of course he did , it heavely influences universities and research funds in the uk . 
  and as someone as stephen , education is top priority ( which i agree ), 
  thanks for reminding me of my complex analysis exam tommorow :'(, 
  but not that high either , politicians in the us make way more, 
  if they vote to leave , scotland might leave the uk , whats your opinion on that ? 
  if this heads into remain , nothing changes if this heads into brexit , scotland may or may not leave the uk to join the eu, 
  lisbon is the most expensive option , you can get housing way cheaper , my friend who had money issues still went to college he also worked for a whole year and now summer to have money, 
  today i felt like it was 30 something degrees , and i had to wear full suit in the sun ... i felt like i was dying god bless the cold weather now , hate to study with such hot weather, 
  its not that much ... you are talking its like private school or smth 100 euros a month isnt much * looks at us/uk * now if you need to leave home too , it increases costs a lot though . 
  if i didnt own the home im in i would use 800 $ to attend uni ( 100 $ +310 $ to live +300 house and its expenses in lisbon ), 
  i used average wage annual , by wikipedia . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_average_wage our minimum wage is 600 euros as well . 
  by median wage , you have 26k , we have 14k . 
  again your point ? 
  you still have way higher disposible income after taxes , shown by graphs here on r/europe , you make it look like you are doing badly or you are poor when you arent, 
  you are welcome to have our pay rates lmao . 
  50k netherlands 24k portugal . 
  on average, 
  lmao , really ? 
  pulling that card ? 
  we could say for other issues that people do n't give a fuck about and happen . 
  i do care and these things happen but think about it , these last incidents have less people killed than what a psychopath that was a pilot did , not even close . 
  like the other redditor said , it 's the drama, 
  people who say that dont know what the eu stands for anyway and are just uninformed . 
  lmao , poor netherlelands !, 
  one of the major ports in europe is relevant for a reason . 
  you give and also receieve , everytime . 
  just like germany , they pay the most and benefit the most as well . 
  without the eu the standard of living in europe would be way lower, 
  populists use the nationalism card , everytime . 
  the eu is a anti-nationalist concept . 
  simple as that, 
  dont generalize , but its true there are people like that, 
  yeah but idk how verizon and sprint cell phones work here , idk if you can just slap a sim card there and it will work . 
  in europe , gsm is obligatory . 
  yeah i saw some `` news '' about it but they all seemed kinda bs, 
  jeez , only 2gb . 
  man compare to what he had of roaming ... it was madness, 
  rip nutella, 
  no , of course not . 
  if i had the power i would take it away cause it 's straight garbage but we are n't allowed to . 
  they are n't inciting violence and the uk is in between the eu and us in ideology so that would n't happen ever probably . 
  but it 's funny talking about police state when the uk has made strict internet laws ( they did the bill american reddit is complaining about before it was cool and made sure to make mp 's exempt ) . 
  i take it back , i would invest in education so it would be left with less and less readers, 
  those are well defined in the constitution . 
  a good example to show how it works is with religion . 
  you are free to have the religion you want but you are also free from it , meaning you should be able to live without having to worry about it 's influence or trying to . 
  that does n't happen in the us , just the 1st part . 
  if you have a problem , go to the us . 
  in fact , a lot of the european mindset is based on the citizens and not corporations so it 's normal to take a few rights for the better of society . 
  and still with that , we are the happiest and most free countries in the world . 
  i 'm right-winged and have no sympathy towards this kind of `` journalism '', 
  are you really defending the sun ? 
  libya is a clusterfuck . 
  see other cases like egypt , tunisia, 
  everything 's happening right now cause the regime did n't fall in the arab spring, 
  someone has been deleting our saviors name ... :(, 
  people also went as far as to call sweden , swedestan . 
  what people you sak ? 
  you know , the old people who comment on news outlets facebook with the classic complaining about everything . 
  this is an international crisis people . 
  get to work, 
  1 step closer to v for vendetta setting ? 
  ok , that also explains us i guess , but surely will get better in the near future . 
  wars in the past started with less tbh . 
  and he seems like that little kid who shittalks you then if you try to punch him he runs asap, 
  and both are quite low . 
  again you are comparing for no reason what so ever and its homicide not homicide by guns . 
  to compare . 
  the us has 4.2 now thats a bit higher and its generally a safe country . 
  canada 1.6 . are they all dangerous countries ? 
  my country is quite violent ... top kek . 
  i didnt put any type of moral superiority . 
  you are the one invoking it . 
  i just said my opinion on the matter, 
  loool . 
  they dont get international articles because they arent worth it when they happen . 
  only serious stuff would go to international papers . 
  also its bs , we dont have `` constant '' shootings . 
  do you need to degenerate other countries to feel good ? 
  cause thats what your personality is telling me . 
  too nationalist for my taste, 
  constant shootings ? 
  what lol, 
  at least in portugal we scam everyone that goes with a car through a toll . 
  only way of keeping dem pensions from the elderly, 
  hey man , i just meme , i am an atheist myself, 
  in the 1st crusade . 
  to get to jerusalem they went through turkey, 
  we are gon na take back jerusalem . 
  ave maria ] ( https://youtu.be/vdhf4o54yju ), 
  no i meant the rule `` prohibits the storage of gun and ammo in the same container '' because people talked about it years ago when they talked about the swiss army and gun control in switzerland . 
  ( because americans were comparing themselves to them when its not the same thing ) . cheers, 
  im anti-guns . 
  guns dont belong to civilians imo , but its ok if people live in dangerous areas or remote ones to own one . 
  if its well controlled !, 
  i dont feel that i need a gun . 
  in my lifetime i was robbed twice , once my parents garage ( they even stole my fav ice cream and ate it.douchebags ) and one time my car . 
  do i feel the need to own a gun ? 
  ( the garage thing , the burglars were caught , the 2nd werent , then again , the 2nd they only stole a tablet so its harder to trace ),
