  not sure . 
  but a good company employs competent people , and does n't blindly go after education level . 
  the real issue here is that one asshole shot a bunch of innocents . 
  ffs sake , how quickly does the killer become the victim with you ? 
  it 's disgusting . 
  what i 'm doing is responding to what i think the rabbi means instead of immediately rejecting and ridiculing him because he misused an adjective . 
  let 's do this example . 
  you 're in the usa . 
  you got a `` federal presidential constitutional republic '' , according to wikipedia . 
  laws are n't made by majority decisions of the us population . 
  laws have to pass the house of representatives and the senate , and then be approved by the president . 
  now suddenly a new law is enforced because of a majority vote of the us population . 
  that is against the rules of the us ' type of democracy . 
  now there are other kinds of democracies , ones where making a law based on majority vote is valid . 
  this however is irrelevant for a conversation between us citizens in that context . 
  the word `` democratic '' , used in that context , relates to the type of democracy in that context . 
  so yea , congrats to being anal about a word definition you googled in your lunch break . 
  i hope the same kind of useless scrutiny is not applied to your utterances . 
  these people here are raging about the definition of the word `` democracy '' instead of how it is meant in the context of denmark or the current western world . 
  just ignore them . 
  it 's useless effort . 
  ok , pointdexters . 
  obviously this is about a constitutional , representative democracy . 
  with that given , a majority vote of the population is not enough to make laws . 
  thus , a majority vote being turned law is against how that particular democracy works . 
  if we 're raging just about the word `` democratic '' with all context removed , then you 're right . 
  democracy does n't mean doing everything the majority wants . 
  if the vast majority of the germans wanted to kill all the jews , that would n't have made the holocaust democratic . 
  in fact , banning circumcision because the majority wants it so is undemocratic . 
  in denmark 's democracy , the population does not vote directly , thus the representatives make the laws . 
  in that respect , the rabbi is right , banning circumcision because 74 % want it would be undemocratic . 
  what direct democracy can lead to ... well , brexit . 
  banning a tradition that is massively important for a religious or ethnic minority while that same tradition has absolutely no influence on everybody else is a harsh step . 
  in israel , you 'd be laughed out of the parliament for suggesting it . 
  in other countries , since the majority is n't muslim or jewish , there might be a majority who does n't want to allow circumcision because they themselves do n't want it done on them or on their children . 
  that is not a good basis for a ban . 
  sick reference bro, 
  as i said , i 'm not writing these posts with supporting quotes and references . 
  i 'm not obligated to . 
  if you only accept posts where people put in hours of work to satisfy your demands , then stop wasting my time . 
  your demands are not worth my time . 
  i 'm happy to discuss topics here with a well-formed opinion . 
  google these things yourself if you like . 
  your attitude is shitty . 
  i 'm not your workhorse . 
  i 'm not writing a doctoral thesis here . 
  if you want to discuss with a human , fine . 
  if you want to discuss with a paper or a self.askahistorian , stop wasting my time . 
  the gas and coal plants and mines we need for the foreseeable future because we have no decent storage tech yet for all the overproducing renewable sources . 
  and yes , the mines we need to build all those solar cells and wind turbines cause a lot of pollution and create danger for human life . 
  nuclear power could have been a great way to compensate for the time we need to go full green without relying on the poison that created all that co2 . 
  the reason we are so inept with nuclear power is that we do n't build new plants , so the ones we have are from the 60s . 
  and the tech we use is from the 60s . 
  meanwhile we have much better ways to get rid or even recycle nuclear waste products , but because of the public hysteria none of that stuff is tested , or implemented . 
  newer plants and technology doesnt even produce nuclear waste that is as dangerous as the current one any more . 
  yeah , and comparable sources of energy are so much better . 
  those mines and plants have lasting environmental impact as well . 
  see global warming . 
  yea , that 's typical merkel . 
  yet the measures she decided on were more than just canceling the prolonged thingie . 
  yea . 
  what 's your rebuttal ? 
  fukushima - 0 deaths , a fatal coal mine accident - a dozen deaths . 
  it 's not my fault fukushima is deemed the biggest nuclear disaster since chernobyl . 
  and fukushima was a culmination of the worst mistakes you can do - an outdated nuclear power plant built on a tsunami prone coastline . 
  http://www.lpb-bw.de/energiewende.html merkel did not just revoke a decision . 
  keep your smug shit to yourself . 
  greener because they heavily subsidized it , but still dependant on the old energies . 
  that 's not gon na change soon . 
  she is decisive when she goes against her advisors , thus fucking up royally . 
  another study said that the health damage done by the evacuation was bigger than that done by radiation . 
  look , even if people die in the future , which is pure conjecture , fukushima shows that even in the most extreme conditions a nuclear disaster is less deadly than a coal mine . 
  or a plane crash . 
  merkel is being slammed in germany for not acting quickly enough , for meandering , and indecisiveness . 
  those complaints have always been leveled at her , btw , and they are n't wrong . 
  the one moment she acted decisively was when she ( hysterically ) abolished nuclear power in germany in the aftermath of the greatest recent nuclear catastrophe ( fukushima , 0 deaths lol ) . 
  your point where the government 's tools should always be considered in the light of `` what if they use it against me ? '', 
  is perfectly true and fits for many controversies , such as homeland security , cyber laws , quotas , and lack of protection in case of cp/rape accusations . 
  the good thing is that the civil lawsuit treats everybody the same . 
  if a german politician insulted a regular german citizen , the law would apply as well , and both cases are treated the same . 
  it 's not a real danger to b\u00f6hmermann afaik because there is a long history of accepting satire and freedom of speech , f.e. 
  when the titanic magazine did similar things . 
  and even in the worst case , we 're talking about a fine , and not jail . 
  germany has a law forbidding the denial of the holocaust having happened . 
  this clashes with freedom of speech and is a good example of what you said . 
  countries will have their own little exceptions and whatnot . 
  however , this is imo not really comparable to the situation in turkey where people go to jail for criticizing the current leadership . 
  yea , germany 's laws are far from perfect , but we 're talking first world problems mostly - literally . 
  the difference is though that turkey put people in jail for insulting things , while germany ( f.e. ), 
  has an old law , but does n't enforce it normally and will soon remove that law , supposedly . 
  liberty is both a mind set and grounded in laws . 
  putin is doing an erdogan ? 
  yes , they 're both more left and right leaning . 
  many older people are still hanging on to the leftist gdr style crap , while the unemployed or uneducated or underpaid young are more likely to vote left or right because they do n't like the status quo . 
  one east german state even has a socialist government . 
  live ? 
  yes . 
  lived ? 
  in general , jobs are more scarce and less-paid in the eastern part . 
  that 's why i moved to the west .
