  she does n't say . 
  voting merkel , you do n't know anymore what you gon na get . 
  i absolutely hate the mindset that some berliners have . 
  i hate that some assholes can burn down cars and get away with it , and the government and police just shrug . 
  and i hate those who harrass people who move to berlin and thus drive up the rent . 
  i get it 's a valid problem , but harrassing , threatening and destroying property is illegal and needs to be punished . 
  well at least part of the greece help is jus a credit , not a gift . 
  berlin has been getting forced gifts for decades . 
   she got the situation under control with the turkey deal by buttering up and being nice to europe 's next dictator , edogan . 
   she got the situation under control with the turkey deal which she also caused , btw ...  or even that i might slip & go for afd i thought they might be an alternative ( hur , hur ) for a protest vote , but with all those idiots and fascists in that party , it 's become/been a no go , sadly . 
  i thought i could vote afd just once to get rid of merkel , and then go back to cdu , because what are the options ? 
  the cdu 's biggest failure is their biggest strength , merkel . 
  the cdu has absolutely lost the confidence of sensible conservative voters . 
  the afd would just desintegrate if the cdu were to stand for their base values . 
  people are aware the afd is full of nutters . 
   if you 're voting for schulz [ ... ] , you 're voting for rrg . 
  yea . 
  that 's a big fear . 
  once the genie ( of red + red on country level ) is out of the bottle , we 're in for a time of troubles . 
   then vote for fdp they made themselves so irrelevant . 
  i used to vote for them since i 'm liberal , but their liberal ideals are kinda non existent . 
  the diet coke of liberalism . 
  the eu just needs to follow its own rules , that say that no other members should have to bail out a country . 
  also , it will always piss off people ( and justifiedly so ) when they have to subsidize somebody who then hands out money to those who do n't pull their weight . 
  berlin was structurally weak , so had lots of unemployment , leading to the rise of left leaning parties in berlin , who are obligated to their voters to raise government spending on `` social matters '' . 
  but why should fiscally responsible states have to subsidize fiscally irresponsible states whose governments have , historically , spent big on social matters ? 
  at least you can say about bayern that those subsidies in the past seem to have helped . 
  but in the case of berlin , pumping money into programs that only seem to entrench certain circles that refuse a normal work life is not going to duplicate bayern 's successes . 
  i 'm particularly upset about merkel 's handling of the refugee crisis and her actions in energy politics . 
  pure socialism is dead , but that does n't stop the shitty parties from doing their best to drift us into their social utopia . 
  schulz 's party and the ex-gdr leftist could form a coalition with the green , and then it 's my turn to threaten emigration . 
  i think the afd is gon na have tons of votes because merkel 's left-leaning immigration stuff ( that alienates her party 's base and her party 's voters ) is creating one of the worst political nightmares germany has seen lately . 
  i am explicitly referring the transfer from other states to berlin : https://www.welt.de/wirtschaft/article153514107/berlin-erhaelt-so-viel-geld-aus-finanzausgleich-wie-nie.html and the sad thing is that pressure is necessary at all . 
  because of the pressure germany has to use in the eu for `` some '' countries to balance their budgets , germany is vilified and has a really bad image . 
  just like bayern , who had to finance a part of berlin 's excesses . 
  love noted . 
  i 'm quite torn on schulz . 
  yes , he could oust merkel , whom i dislike , but then again i do not fancy the socialist direction that schulz or his party aim at . 
  at least that choice is n't as bad as trump vs clinton , so let 's look at the bright side !, 
  you did the math . 
  ( if math means looking up sorted data :d ) . 
  just like berlin ? 
  energy intensive factories are aluminum , f.e. 
  manufacturing in the sense of using robots does n't use that much electricity . 
  low corruption and lack of bureaucratic problems are key for investing and opening new businesses . 
  and italy and greece are n't known for that . 
  nothing about spiegel is remarkable , bold , or good . 
  they 've become a noisy click baity shit paper . 
  and their columnists are the absolute worst . 
  augstein is like brain cancer . 
  brain cancer that makes your tongue taste like diarrhea . 
  my wifi ssid literally is `` augstein_sux '' . 
  reading facebook posts and `` letters to the editor '' in newspapers , it seems that about 50 % of all germans have shitty opinions . 
  `` eu doing ( for ulterior motives ) what millions of their citizens want and ask for '' . 
  i guess democracy works , albeit in mysterious ways . 
  can i live off chocolate and witcher 3 alone ? 
  hmmm tempting ... 
  if every polish product was as good as witcher 3 , i 'd never buy anybody else 's stuff ever again . 
  and that collapse could be prevented by more efficient means than massive usage of solar in countries such as germany . 
  the light hitting them is the upper hard limit . 
  that alone limits their usefulness, 
  solar is a manufactoring industry , and i do n't see how german solar companies will compete with asian ones once subsidies are gone . 
  if they do , great , but if not , germany blew all those subsidies on nothing worthwhile . 
  in that case , you ca n't even say we achieved something useful because the structures and knowhow that then fall by the road side are useless . 
  solar is only viable for a very small range of applications , even if it 's cheap . 
  stick it on your roof and you see a small decrease in your electricity bill in some months of the year . 
  thats about it . 
  i do n't think rooftop solar is gon na do much . 
  and covering every house in germany only makes for thousands of tons of rare earths and other resources , the mining of which is gon na produce co2 . 
  and then , after germany , you 'd have to do it again for every other country ? 
  that 's not sustainable . 
  if we really want to switch from gas to electric in our cars , we need massive amounts of electricity at night . 
  solar is useless for that . 
  the right thing to do would have been to not stop researching and building new nuclear plants while researching green alternatives . 
  all hail to fusion , but it 's always 20 years away with the current funding ... 
  i totally agree that we need more green energy , but not like this . 
  and subsidizing solar and wind ony leads to wasteful investment in stuff that ca n't stand on its own feet once the subsidies are lowered . 
  the government should subsidize research , not sales . 
  all those solar panels in places where they barely break even after decades ? 
  waste of resources . 
  when you factor in the mining , production , and recycling costs for solar panels , i wonder what is left . 
  i 'm not . 
  heavily subsidized , produces too little per installation . 
  for an industry-heavy country , it 's no viable solution . 
  history shows electricity consumption is only ever going to rise . 
  considering how empty our german heads are because we put up so many wind turbines , we should float already . 
  only if you disturb the ` public peace ' with your blasphemy . 
  but yea , fuck that law . 
  when the government starts defining what is fake or not ( aka satire etc ) , then shit is getting nasty . 
  stop treating facebook like a source of news , you bellends . 
  that 's a special case . 
  gdr citizens had russian as their first and usually only foreign language . 
  germans would butcher a russian song worse , i 'd imagine . 
  the umlauts are off , but that 's mostly it . 
  that cartoon is bullshit . 
  comparing the anti-immigration voices in contemporary germany to the nazis is ridiculous and the best way to polarize the society even further . 
  hey , this is the kind of tirade i 'm usually posting !, 
  cast out the father for the son ? 
  that 's harsh , man . 
  any game where portugal appears , it 's always joao !,
