  _ of course _ it was joao . 
  i grew up in a small village in east germany , and sometimes i wished i would still live there . 
  would be fun to know those countries ' gdp . 
  so romantic, 
  yea , it was aimed at india , not the guy quoting india . 
   we want your business but we do n't want your people since when is a country obligated to take on other people if it just wants to trade ? 
  sorry , but that is preposterous . 
  yes , i wan na trade with everybody who 's not a scumbag . 
  no , i do n't want to take on tons of people , thank you very much . 
  you 're welcome , please visit , 
  education is mostly free and quite decent in germany . 
  it really boils down to the `` culture '' . 
  take asian pupils . 
  they come from a line of people who said and saw time and again that hard work in school pays off . 
  in that respect there is only one ethnicity like that , jews . 
  people of the book . 
  then you got some of the muslims who look to their parents as examples , and they 're perpetuating a very different mindset about education . 
  mostly . 
  in germany , if you 're smart or put in effort , you can study almost anything you desire . 
  i myself have lower middle class parents , and my siblings and i were the first to study at a university in our family line . 
  so i do n't really think we need to change anything about that . 
  the issue is with the role models in the lacking pupils ' families , and how they approach their role in society . 
  work is healthy . 
  nothing good comes from unemployment . 
  and the job market being as it is , with little room for the poorly educated , if you actively sabotage your time in school , you got ta become a loser later on . 
  shitty job , low satisfaction , leads to all kinds of crap . 
  i 'm some sort of immigrant as well , maybe quite similar to yourself . 
  i 'm from east germany , and after the reunion i moved to west germany . 
  why ? 
  for economic reasons . 
  there are but few jobs in my field ( it ) in the east , and the salary is less . 
  there are studies that tried to estimate whether immigration is beneficial to the target country . 
  of course , with studies , you usually find studies supporting either outcome , but i stick to those that found a net benefit to the target country . 
  however , that study relies on an average of the possible immigrants . 
  the immigrants we 've seen lately in germany , due to merkel 's `` invitation '' , were mostly uneducated , young muslim men from africa or asia . 
  that is the sort that does not lead to a net benefit . 
  the usually beneficial immigrants are educated , or asian , etc. 
  i doubt this kinda thing can be calculated easily , so estimates have to do . 
  however , we know from several occasions were those immigrants were interviewed , and their views are ( partially ) that they 've been invited , and they do n't want to contribute - in their mind germany is the promised land , and they 're here for benefits , not for hard work . 
  the picture you pay of an immigrant that wants to do well for himself by applying himself , that 's not a dominant view in those immigrants . 
  in germany we still have kids from 2nd or 3rd generation immigrants whose employment rates and education is below the average . 
  why make a country worse ? 
  why allow to make a country worse ? 
  it 's especially the one kind of immigrant : muslim , comes from a muslim country ( thus the mentality prevalent there ) , who are causing all sorts of problems . 
  then again there are a multitude of opposite examples , immigrants i know myself , who contribute , pull their weight , and are simply awesome . 
  i 've no doubt that some , or even many , of those newly arrived have the abilities to eventually contribute , but why not do some selection ? 
  what 's stopping us , liberal heartache ? 
  as soon as it 's about money and not just lip service , emotions have no place in the debate . 
  and that 's the story how a liberal and libertarian now is confronted with the shitty situation whether to vote for a right wing party because all other parties are too afraid to curb immigration for political reasons ( aka being afraid of being called racist ) . 
  and the one conservative party that could do something in that direction is being led by a chancellor who inexplicably turned from the right wing of that conservative party to out - `` lefting '' the left wing of that same party within a few years , making it impossible to vote for for me . 
  personal opinion . 
  but if you calculate the costs of social welfare over decades and the number of uneducated immigrants that have found a job even after decades , you get a really high number . 
  mind you , i think immigration by itself is entirely fine . 
  i do n't mind at all working with vietnamese or ugandian or turkish colleagues , as i do right now . 
  but i do n't want to have unemployed and unemployable immigrants here . 
  not having a job does bad things to you . 
  i also believe people that come here should be held to a high standard , aka they should go back if they become severely criminal . 
  that sounds like a tautology , but it is n't at the moment . 
  as much as i do n't want a roommate who ca n't pay his rent , i do n't want to accept immigrants who can not do the same . 
  the solution imo is economical growth and human rights in all countries . 
  who would leave his home permanently for a cold place with different languages and cultures if he stood to gain almost nothing ? 
  yes , i think the border should be closed to a certain degree , and i do n't care about the costs because not closing it costs more money . 
  you 're talking about german refugees speaking perfect german with shared values and religion who fled russian murder . 
  how is that comparable to taking on people of a very different culture , religion , without german language skills , mostly without basic education , who are not refugees but immigrants ? 
  ( north africans f.e. 
  are not refugees but immigrants ) immigration can be beneficial , but not when there is basically no chance that many of the immigrants can ever integrate . 
  the people coming right now , many of them , will never get a decent job . 
  that 's awful for them , and awful for us . 
  you go ahead , mate , with making the world a better place . 
  while i vote for a party that puts the interests of tax payers before all else . 
  got ta love people who give their own money to help others . 
  got ta hate people who want to force others to give their money to help others . 
  we easties had vietnamese all over . 
  / shrug, 
  wth , neighbours ? 
  i thought we all knew by now that big nosed jewish rich old white cis men are behind all the shady on goings-on . 
  needs to be a europa universalis map mode ofc . 
  ofc . 
  what a load of bull . 
  and several cdu guys voted for it as well . 
  why is that video so downvoted ? 
  tax dodging ? 
  some dude said they ca n't have menus , they do have a menu . 
  fuck them . 
  would n't go there and support their fraud . 
  let 's hope the protests and the threat of eu sanctions do the trick then . 
  if the polish people really really want that kind of government , they 're free to have it . 
  but then not as a first class partner in the eu . 
  it should n't be forbidden for a country to vote for whatever they want . 
  who would have thought that we germans would one day look back fondly on the smaller amount of annoying troubles we had with the immigrants who came before . 
  it 's high time the eu revalidates whether countries that move away from democracy and their values should remain in the eu . 
  since kicking out entirely is probably never done , there needs to be a means of gradually granting and revoking benefits . 
  they should have swapped a toast : red wine from the french , baked beans sauce from the english . 
  wales is already wafting off . . 
  the ideas behind the eu are awesome . 
  the implementation , as always , needs to be worked on . 
  no reputable german newspaper would ever do this . 
  funny , how that 's different between otherwise similar nations . 
  on a related note : fuck greenpeace , tho . 
  you ca n't even speak your mind in china without repercussions .
