muslims and the european left have a common enemy : jews . 
  muslims hate them for cultural and religious reasons , the left does because the jews dare defend themselves and their right to exist against the palestine `` underdog '' . 
  some of those are towns . 
  also , picking the most picturesque places and then saying `` celebrating diversity '' is pretty misleading . 
  i 'd wager average villages look mostly the same throughout europe , at least much more similar than those photos are to each other !, 
  you 're comparing 1960s to 2010s . 
  that 's 50 years . 
  that 's like complaining about ( lack of ) 1960s government gay right policies . 
  if i were a banker and denied service there , i 'd be really offended and angry . 
  hold on , my sausage is sizzling . 
  amd i do disagree with those exceptions in germany . 
  free to go where , fracciatelli ? 
  are you threatening me ? 
  are you and your bearded plumber brother threatening me ? 
  yes , i did . 
  i used the us as example that cites discrimination as reason for their law against it . 
  and that 's my beef as well . 
  a public establishment should not be allowed to discriminate against customers . 
  i am well aware , snarkenheimer . 
  i 'm just saying it might be illegal , depending on the laws . 
  see the other reply . 
  googling turned up this for the usa : `` do restaurants have the unrestricted right to refuse service ? 
  the civil rights act of 1964 explicitly prohibits restaurants from refusing service to patrons on the basis of race , color , religion , or national origin . 
  in addition , most courts do n't allow restaurants to refuse service to patrons based on extremely arbitrary conditions . 
  for example , a person likely ca n't be refused service due to having a lazy eye . '', 
  so yea . 
  anti-semitism under the cloak of anti zionism is widespread among the german left , and thus particularly in the academic elites . 
  that should be illegal , and probably is . 
  also , if the bank does n't want to give him a credit , they probably have reasons for that . 
  him saying that the `` banks are not doing their jobs '' ... so he gets to decide what the banks ' job is and who they should give credit ? 
  what a shitty law , poland 's government . 
  saying dumb shit should make you look dumb , not land you in prison . 
  on your way to turkish levels of freedom of speech ? 
  i thought that guy was burned forever . 
  damn , i have to get my winter tires on my car before that happens to us , your kind and loving western neighbours . 
  military integration is one thing , a unified foreign ministry another . 
  however would the eu nations decide on the same course of action in syria , even if their army/armies were integrated ? 
  it 's the light . 
  normally , with this kind of weather , the night is pitch black , and it looks a lot less like a winter wunderland , and more like the oppressive void that will swallow our insignificant lives eventually . 
  aaaaand maybe i watched too many werner herzog commentaries . 
  i was referring to computer game logic , where attacking defending units in mountain terrain is unwise . 
  nice jab at the end there . 
  i hope your goat dies . 
  manpower replenishes . 
  manpower always does . 
  do you want millions of casualties ? 
  because attacking some badasses in mountain territory who are armed to the teeth and unyielding , that 's how you get millions of casualties . 
  did n't know that about arte . 
  that 's weird . 
  i guess you ca n't blame the government media for being too in touch with customer desires . 
  i 'm with you all the way !, 
  in top secret , the black conductor speaks with a heavy saxonian accent . 
  simply hilarious . 
  does n't matter if you 're used to it . 
  my parents , i guarantee , are n't bothered by that at all . 
  the dubbing quality depends massively on the size of the national market . 
  germany has a long and strong tradition in excellent book translations , and the same tradition holds true for tv . 
  take my word for it . 
  i would not be surprised at all if greece could n't quite keep up . 
  well your english level can be amazing , but dialects and mumbling can make all that irrelevant . 
  a great speaker can do a better job than an average actor . 
  sometimes it just works . 
  keep in mind that even in english movies , sometimes people are dubbed over . 
  good point . 
  there 's two sides to this . 
  german dubbing is high quality . 
  it also helps include older people and people from poorer background . 
  dubbing can be even better than the original , even if that 's hard to believe for you . 
  i 've watched avatar last airbender ( ther series ) in german and in english , and the german appealed to me more . 
  then with old comedies where the comedy is impossible to translate , the german dubbing does an amazing job with introducing ridiculously snarky one liners . 
  notable in bud spencer and terence hill movies , or olsenbande , or adriano celentano movies . 
  second side , yes i 'd love to see movies in original english , but that 's about it . 
  ca n't really say i enjoy watching movies in other languages that i do n't speak , with subtitles . 
  yea the emotions or whatever might come over better , but then i got ta read along and ca n't look at people 's facial expressions f.e. 
  so i 'm missing something either way . 
  there 's a third side : just let people pick what they want . 
  the technology is there . 
  yet netflix germany still does n't support english subtitles for many movies or series , only german . 
  why the eff would i ever need german subtitles ? 
  wow , doing that even for awful german tv stuff ... 
  yea ... pigs are awesome though . 
  ever ate a bear bacon ? 
  ask turkey about it o.o, 
  they are literally calling them pigs . 
  flying the rainbow flag does n't make you gay necessarily , it just means you 're probably protecting lgbt rights instead of murdering and beating them . 
  big difference between a farm and a farming collective . . 
  in a perfect world , we 'd never have stopped researching , building and testing nuclear power plants ( also of different types ) . 
  but we stopped mainly due to public hysteria , and now the power plants still running are several decades old and shitty compared to where we could have been had we not given in to hysteria . 
  even the nuclear waste problem might look a lot different now . 
  nuclear could have been the perfect gap closer to bridge the fossil age and the renewable energy age . 
  now we 're stuck with fossil to fill the gaps until renewable can do it all - which is still decades away . 
  i do n't give a damn discussing the few cases where i ca n't . 
  but especially compared to life in the gdr , i have a much bigger freedom now . 
  it is . 
  but i 've still raged against merkel and her policies and all is well . 
  then again i do n't feel like i have to spread my opinion on facebook or twitter . 
  reddit and oral is enough . 
  that 's completely * overdriven * . 
  as an east german , i love this day . 
  life would have been bleak and boring without the fall of the cccp and the gdr .
