  i love having freedom of speech and the freedom to go wherever i want . 
  hooray freedom !, 
  naaaaaaaah you guys just keep that please . 
  found the dad . 
  yes . 
  all the fractions refer to the hour before . 
  and while easterners and westerners use `` half '' exactly that way , westerners somehow think that quarter and three-quarter do n't make sense . 
  they use the comparable to english style `` quarter to '' and `` quarter past '' . 
  ofc for any english person , who thinks the westerner quarter style is just like home ! , when that westerner uses `` half '' you 're out of luck . 
  talk about consistency . 
  it makes more logical sense that way because it 's the same as `` half six '' , grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr, 
  i 'm trying to make people use the quarter / three-quarter thing from east germany , it 's a tough sell for these western heathens . 
  start by yourself , include friends and family . 
  revolutions start from the bottom !, 
  i do n't agree with this cultural pessimism at all . 
  there are countries or places were things just work . 
  i thought of cautiously hinting at that this might be a cultural problem and that it manifests not only in the adherence to smoking bans , but on a bigger level . 
  seems i was beaten to it , even by greeks . 
  no clue how you improve or move on from the status quo . 
  `` society '' does n't exist . 
  it 's just people . 
  society does n't suck , it 's people that suck . 
  my example would have been putting ash into the atmosphere to deflect sun rays , but instead of cooling off by 2 degrees , it turns into 5 because an until then unknown effect sets in independently at the same time . 
  do n't go overboard . 
  it 's important to take with a grain of salt all those climate models and all those articles that scream about yet another source for global warming that was n't yet factored into the models . 
  and yea it can be actively bad . 
  if we f.e. 
  decide on action based on those models , and the models overshot by a lot , our actions could be misguided . 
  yeah , and just as all those climate models did n't include that effect until recently , there will also be effects to the contrary that can negate it , and which are n't known yet . 
  got ta love it when allowances are made only in one direction . 
  moroccons and tunisians are in germany although they were denied . 
  bringing them back takes ages . 
  get it ? 
   for example , if you want us to disregard the rule of law and arbitrarily deny any and all asylum claims without examining them , you should just say so . 
  or else if you actually do n't want that , shut the fuck up and stop complaining about it . 
  attacking a strawman , name calling . 
  wow , you 're amazing . 
  good luck with your life . 
  they are an example . 
  and denying them still does n't mean they are gone - they 're still here because the return process is horribly slow . 
  i want a vastly accelerated asylum process , and more funding for those ministries , and a better way to return immigrants that do n't qualify . 
  if that means border control , then yes , implement border control on those borders where necessary . 
  you get the concept of using an example , such as `` moroccons and tunisians '' ? 
  moroccons and tunisians ( for example ) are not eligible for asylum , but until they 're deported ( if at all ) , years pass . 
  there was a recent example where sending back an immigrant had to be cancelled because the immigrant refused it violently . 
  go on , call me liar a few more times . 
  you 're really good at that . 
  sure . 
  and there was n't a massive immigration surge after merkel 's invitation speech . 
  then the proper procedures were lifted on her command , so that thousands upon thousands entered without registration . 
  it 's all just in my head . 
  here 's an upvote for you , because your question is exactly what many germans are asking themselves right now . 
  i am one of them . 
  and the answer is : there is none . 
  merkel is the boss of the cdu , which would be the one major political party saying `` no '' to this massive immigration . 
  the other major parties ( spd - slightly more socialist , green , and left ) are almost fully behind merkel illegal immigration invitation . 
  by a strange twist of fate , the head of the only acceptable party to oppose this is exactly the person making it possible . 
  she 's like a trojan horse . 
  maybe she used to be more conservative , but what she is doing is more in the vein of the spd or the green party . 
  well that 's the reason why so many people like her . 
  she does n't really have an agenda . 
  she waits and procrastinates , and then does what results in the least opposition . 
  the only times when she acted decisively , it was a debacle - the abrupt swing in energy politics , and the uncontrolled immigration . 
  now she has to be nice to erdogan and turkey , or else we get flooded again with more refugees , leading to her disgustingly weak stance toward the `` sultan '' . 
  currently the only option i have is voting afd , and that 's horrible . 
  but it 's less of a mistake than continuing support for merkel in my book . 
  yes , it is . 
  because tunisians and moroccans got let in into germany as if they were refugees . 
  what 's your point ? 
  moroccans and tunisians are not refugees but immigrants , they still get in due to merkel 's bs . 
  and the public does n't seem to overly care . 
  sadly not . 
  there is no good alternative for merkel ( pun intended ) . 
  she knows it ; her usual `` politics of the least resistance '' are catered to that . 
  not saying you 're wrong , but you do n't know that for certain . 
  the cdu could have lost 10 % who then voted afd , while another 7 % that did n't vote voted for cdu . 
  merkel says she supports the resolution , or other politicians say that she supports the resolution , yet she was n't there when the resolution was passed . 
  this is an example of the spineless way merkel `` leads '' . 
  does n't stand up for anything , does n't make her intentions clear , then when there 's backlash she denies everything because you can not really point to anything she said . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  and the few times merkel actually did stand up for something , it was a debacle ( illegal invitation of immigrants , and change in energy politics ) . 
  now these wishy washy dealings with turkey . 
  she and germany gets insulted and attacked by turkish politicians , and she does n't have spine to tell them to go **** themselves . 
  merkel , if you were for the armenia resolution , why the **** were n't you there and voted for it , you horrible leader ? 
  on one hand i think everybody can wear whatever he/she wants , but on the other hand in same places being able to see the face is necessary , so for those occasions it should be banned . 
  the french police who demanded that a muslim woman remove her stuff on a beach is over the top . 
  who cares what others are wearing on a beach ? 
  sure , tell the person who lived in berlin that he has no clue . 
  you are a national treasure for sure . 
  berlin is a smelly hellhole of leftist assholes who burn your car in the street if it cost more than 60k . 
  and who make your life hell if you dare to move there from elsewhere and rent a flat or open a business while being recognizable as non-berliner . 
  berlin is just a failure . 
  police and government ca n't even project the laws in some parts . 
  wow , 6.7 % of german students are in gender studies . 
  it 's in the gist of `` stop bickering , we can do it , just do n't ask me any questions i ca n't answer because i did n't care to check if we can really do it '' . 
  btw merkel did n't ask us whether we want to do it , aka take on millions of refugees . 
  that 's the real kicker . 
  if 2 people are equally competent , just pick one you like better . 
  / shrug, 
   but would they rather hire a freshly graduated bachelor over a freshly graduated master ?
