  for those of us in the west , there really is no difference at all . 
  for anybody living still in the east , wages are lower , population density is smaller , infrastructure is a bit lacking , but in a `` first world problem '' magnitude . 
  but those structural disadvantages in the east wo n't go away for a long time . 
  pay back ze debt . 
  as an east german , that would really take the piss . 
  how do you even want to do anything against the trade deficit ? 
  importing and exporting is done by businesses , not the government . 
  what 's a realistic thing the german government can do here ? 
  set a quota ? 
  it 's just not feasible . 
  and wanting germany to `` play with a handicap '' is just gon na make asia and america stronger instead of magically making f.e. 
  france 's products better . 
  trade and wealth is not a pie of constant size that needs to be parcelled . 
  the pie grows all the time . 
  if f.e. 
  france made better and/or cheaper products , germany would suffer a little , but also benefit from a bigger variety of products to choose for buying . 
  where was that solidarity when germany was blamed for other nations ' economical problems because `` germany exports too much '' ? 
  being a german , being told my country needs to export less and import more , do you think that feels like we 're a family , you joker ? 
  just produce better and/or cheaper goods . 
  except for the 8 dead ebola workers . 
  hey , if you wan na pretend medical aid in africa is without risk and needs no security , go right ahead . 
  so your logic is that because the cubans did n't get attacked , others wo n't ? 
  right now , national leaders have to answer for botched interventions and failed aid efforts . 
  if this responsibility is pushed to eu levels , then effectively nobody 's responsible . 
  we saw that with several laws that failed to get approved in germany , and were then instituted via the eu backdoor . 
  i do n't wan na see that in terms of military action . 
  it 's a long and stony road . 
  unified eu foreign policy will take a long time . 
  until then , each country needs a military that is self sufficient . 
  if you aim for an `` eu army '' , which gets their transport planes from italy ( just an example ) , and then italy decides not to follow the course of the others , everybody 's hands are bound . 
  any country with elections coming up or with a weird situation ( see belgium ) could torpedo the foreign policy consensus . 
  that 's means it 's just too many moving parts . 
  the currently popular anti eu/self-governance movements in almost all european countries show how much of a pipe dream a united foreign policy and united military is for the eu . 
  that is hogwash . 
  do n't use your seat belt because you never were in an accident ? 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-29256443 8 ebola workers killed . 
  with the beliefs and cultural problems in the rural parts of africa , riots do happen . 
  germany 's military does domestic disaster relief sometimes ( in case of a flood , f.e. 
  ) , but whenever they got ta travel abroad , suddenly they only have 1 or 2 working transport planes ( exaggarating a little here , but that 's how it feels like ) . 
  it 's a little funny at times . 
  i 'm with you . 
  nobody in germany wants war , but having a capable army with modern technology is a must for interventions . 
  particularly the left always wants to help people in need ( which is laudable ) , yet refuses to invest anything into the military . 
  even an anti ebola mission in africa requires armed cover forces , or else the helpers are at risk . 
  europe needs to figure out whether it wants to interfere globally as a world police ( syria , is , libya ) and world doctor ( humanitarian help ) , and therefore massively ramp up its military expenses , or whether they want to stay out of global conflicts . 
  ca n't have both . 
  currently some european countries ( hello , germany ) want to be samaritans while having the us shoulder the military requirements for that . 
  you ca n't find is or somalian pirates with money alone . 
  but i 'm allergic to knives !, 
  watch out for the r\u00e4derwerk !, 
  yea got that eta hoffmann book on my shelf . 
  asterix belongs to a great german childhood just as much as terence hill and bud spencer , the olsenbanden , the sandman , and ski jumping . 
  egon has a plan !, 
  and both of the latter can diaf . 
  figuratively . 
  it 's nice to have a decent talk on reddit for once . 
  as you can see , i do n't see much of a future for the afd myself , but who knows . 
  cheers and greetings . 
   she either wins and stays chancellor , or she loses and goes home , regardless of how much afd gets . 
  i do hope so . 
  but that still requires her to lose the election for me to get rid of her . 
  and if she loses ... who wins ? 
  i wished for another way . 
   cdu used to be openly anti-immigrant , you ca n't deny that . 
  yes , many things have changed in our society , and mostly for the better . 
  overall i 'm a positive person . 
  this will all just be a footnote in a few decades . 
   elections are there so that you get to decide how the country is governed yea , based on agenda , party values , and election promises . 
  that 's why her change creeps me out and makes me angry . 
   a vote for afd is a vote for a bunch of nutjobs who do n't stand for all the things we take pride in as a country we just need merkel to be gone . 
  afd is just a short flicker of overboarding resentment because nobody is occupying the conservative , anti-uninhibited-immigration position . 
  they 'll implode like the pirates . 
   rrg will be worse . 
  in every sense . 
  amen . 
  you might have swayed me to consider voting for the cdu nonetheless , and to not try to get rid of merkel by protest voting a party i dislike . 
  i mean , she got ta go voluntarily at some point , right ? 
   exhabaret . 
  but caused , seriously ? 
  germany 's institutions were set up to deal with the usual `` trickle '' . 
  it worked , arguably with room for improvement , but hey . 
  after her invitation and her order to let them pass the border to germany without due process ( registration , etc ) it turned into a mess . 
   many people did that - loyal cdu voters in bw who switched to afd . 
  did it work ? 
  the cdu base finally stood up to merkel . 
  and the reason is the afd 's success . 
  so yes , it did achieve something . 
  my hope is that if the afd scores big , merkel is forced to resign by the other cdu guys . 
   being anti-immigration used to be a cdu position most people are not anti immigration , but rather want a fixed upper number , and control over who we take in . 
  a value of the cdu that comes into play here is reducing financial redistribution in favor of , for example , immigrants . 
  it 's a christian value to help ( and the cdu has more values than just being christian-y ) , but conservatives usually take into account that somebody 's got ta pay for it . 
  the left parties usually love spending other people 's money . 
  yes , the right thing to do would be to send aid to those in need , instead of letting them `` walk and swim '' to our houses and setting them up in a country that is alien to them . 
  those people do n't want to live in germany per se , they just want stability , safety , and money . 
  if they had that at home , they 'd never even consider coming to germany . 
   it was an one-off decision i do n't trust her anymore . 
  her change from normal cdu politician to somebody whose agendas are more in line with the socialists and communists is something that deeply unsettles me . 
  she seems to be a trojan horse . 
  her decision to kill nuclear power in germany was another of those signs that she happily shits on her party 's agenda if it helps her own agenda . 
  but what is her own agenda ?
