great idea !, 
  and do n't say the country in the title . 
  let everyone guess which country they 're from . 
  i imagine you dancing to [ this song ] ( http://youtu.be/fgisuit2dug ) while peeing . 
  i assume one of them will go down the throat of the girl behind him if she does n't stop giggling . 
  in my experience it 's just outdated . 
  i remember `` klammeraffe '' being the regular term back in the nineties . 
  which was becoming too cumbersome very quickly once email became widespread . 
  `` klammeraffe '' could be longer than the rest of your email address . 
  similarly to `` www '' when you 're pronouncing it in english . 
  the only abbreviation that takes longer to say than what it stands for . 
  sounds very similar to germany , except that over here you have to use the lines owned by the monopolist in almost all places , even if your isp has to rent them . 
  everyone except for the government is unhappy with this solution : - the customers are unhappy because in many places their bandwidths are too low and they have no way to change anything individually . 
  sometimes the city pays the monopolist millions to upgrade when the citizens are becoming too desperate for better service ( and they still do n't own the infrastructure they actually payed for !, 
  ) , but usually they do n't have the money and everyone has to accept crappy speeds . 
  - the monopolist is unhappy because they are heavily regulated to keep them from abusing their power . 
  as a profit-oriented business , they only care about profits and keep lobbying against regulations . 
  they want to invest in better speeds , but , as you said , prices are too low and they ca n't increase them because of regulations . 
  - the government is unhappy because everyone else is unhappy , and they have to do the impossible and try to square the circle . 
  they * ca n't * lower regulations or the monopolist would be even more powerful and kill competitors . 
  but they * have to * lower regulations to increase revenue for the monopolist so they can invest more . 
  if the last mile would be owned by the public , there would be no conflicting interests . 
  the last mile would be as fast as the owners ( i.e. 
  the users ) want it to be . 
  isps would use public infrastructure to compete , just as pizza services use public roads . 
  and we would save money because we would have only one copper ( or fiber ) line from each home to the next junction while still having a perfectly healthy , country-wide competition between isps . 
  you 're mixing different parts of internet infrastructure in your arguments . 
  i do n't see a problem with the backbone . 
  there is enough installed bandwidth from enough competitors , and adding new tier 1 lines is n't something private investors ca n't finance if there 's a need for more competition or capacity . 
  the problem is with the last mile , i.e. 
  the part between your house and the next hub . 
  in germany ( and probably most other countries ) , there is a de facto monopolist , which bought the last mile in bulk from the state . 
  it 's impossible for any company to compete with them here because it 's not financially viable to create a copy of the last mile ( except in some densely packed parts of some cities ) , nor does it make any sense to have ten or twenty lines from every house to the the next hub , which you 'd need for real competition . 
  you do n't have several power lines just because you can switch your electricity provider ; the local power lines under or above your street are usually owned by the city and power companies can use them to sell you their electricity . 
  so , we 're stuck with a monopoly in this case , and i do n't see any way around it . 
  which means you have to pay for a ) the actual product ( upgrading and maintaining the last mile ) , b ) the profit margin of the company who owns the last mile ( shareholder dividend , expansion to other markets , etc ) , and d ) some kind of public overseer who makes sure that the company does n't abuse their monopoly . 
  if the last mile is owned by the city , there is no b ) and c ) . 
  all the money invested is used to add value , not to make rich people richer . 
   they own the network , not you . 
  any sort of property comes with a certain set of rules that ensures the owner ca n't use it against the interests of the public . 
  it 's your car , but you have to heed traffic regulations or you 're not allowed to use it . 
  the more potential or actual impact your property has on society , the stricter are the rules . 
  nuclear reactors are owned privately in many countries , but they all have extremely strict regulations regarding them . 
  it 's always a balancing act to weigh the freedom of the individual against the interests of the rest , and there never is an objective answer . 
  it 's my opinion that information , like electricity and water , must be free of any form monopoly or oligopoly to ensure a thriving and free society . 
   is n't it an incentive to invest in better faster network so you can offer better services than your competitor ? 
  if your customers want to use netflix but you can only offer them 64kbps , they will become your competitors ' customers fast . 
   btw , those services are an essential part of the business model of telcos , without them , they just do n't have the money to invest in new faster networks . 
  then they have to change their business model . 
  if we had private streets owned by companies , they would quickly develop business models to maximize profits . 
  ikea could buy all the streets in your city and let you drive for free on every day you buy something at one of their stores . 
  they could make a deal with a car manufacturer that allows drivers of those cars to drive for free while everyone else has to pay tolls . 
  that 's how isps want the internet to work , and the easiest way to stop that is to say : ikea can own streets * or * stores , but they ca n't own both because that could kill their competition in both of those markets . 
   what is the interest in investing in better network if you just `` own the pipes '' . 
  using your water analogy , do water companies or whatever they are called have any desire in offering you higher water pressure or whatever ? 
  no , because they do n't have anything to gain from it . 
  the water pipes are already owned by the public utilities . 
  if your service sucks , you can walk to their office and complain or call your mayor , and if that does n't help , you can vote both of them out of office . 
  i only ever hear about problems with the water utilities when they 've been privatized . 
   it is a business that can turn into oligopolies do n't we already have oligopolies ? 
  in do n't know about other countries , but in germany , you can consider yourself lucky if you can choose between two isps . 
  in most cities , the last mile is owned by the privatized telekom . 
  in my opinion , the whole system is fucked . 
  the last mile should be owned by the public utilities and isps should be able to rent it to provide their service . 
  citizens could decide what kind of internet access they want , and when there needs to be work done on water pipes , adding a few fibers could be done very cheaply . 
  it works perfectly fine for water and electricity . 
  i do n't understand why internet should be handled differently . 
  we could also easily remove the conflict of interest if isps were n't allowed to provide content , like tv . 
  i can never be sure that my isp is n't throttling netflix if they also provide a streaming service . 
  but if they sell only bandwidth in their backbone , they would have no incentive to block any content providers . 
  even with voter support for heavily increasing nuclear , ( which is a pipedream , especially ( mostly ? ), 
  in germany ) , doubling or tripling nuclear is n't something you can do to prevent an immediate crisis . 
  even in china construction takes years . 
  also , personally , i do n't really like currently available reactor designs and would rather wait ( and push ) for generation iv . 
  the economic alliance is very tight , though , and if russia would start groping finland ( not a nato member ) , a military alliance would probably form quickly . 
  or maybe the us would just offer their military services and take over . 
  the point is that russia ca n't use the same tactics in an eu country . 
  so russia can annex the whole eu without encountering any kind of opposition ? 
  if russia invades an eu member , that 's an act of war against the eu . 
  they ca n't ignore that , and they wo n't . 
  and even if they would , the usa would go apeshit because they do n't want to lose their influence . 
  ukraine is not a eu nor nato member , it 's a completely different situation . 
  the usa can do almost anything if they feel the need . 
  the point is to make it more expensive . 
  it may also be a political move . 
  building infrastructure between south america and europe maybe brings them both closer together and further away from the usa . 
   the thing people like to bring up about cisco is a rather innocuous document about `` lawful intercept '' , to provide an interface for stuff to be tapped in the conventional manner ( e.g. 
  with warrants and that good stuff ) . 
  but i thought the nsa does n't need warrants ? 
  they just tap any source of information they can get their hands on and tell the fisa court to approve it in secret . 
   there really is nothing in the definition of revolution that says it has to be successful to be one . 
  i cited the [ definitions from wiktionary ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/revolution ) . 
  but maybe you 're right . 
  if you think wiktionary is wrong , you should [ argue your point ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/talk:revolution ) . 
  according to wikipedia , the russian revolution  led to the establishment of limited constitutional monarchy , the state duma of the russian empire , the multi-party system , and the russian constitution of 1906 . 
  and after the spring of nations  there were a few immediate successes for some revolutionary movements , notably in the habsburg lands . 
  austria and prussia eliminated feudalism by 1850 , improving the lot of the peasants . 
  european middle classes made political and economic gains over the next 20 years ; france retained universal male suffrage . 
  russia would later free the serfs on february 19 , 1861 . 
  the habsburgs finally had to give the hungarians more self-determination in the ausgleich of 1867 .
