  also , if you would elaborate on why federation would be most beneficial , and what that even means , then that would be cool too . 
  so , we have this election coming up in the uk and from many comments both here on reddit and elsewhere on the internet it seems that the eu is often seen as some ominous entity that keeps britain in a stranglehold . 
  however i never really see anything specific , probably because its britons talking to other britons and they already know what they are talking about . 
  can someone please spell out the specific grievances that people in the uk have with the eu and why they want to leave it ? 
  edit : with that i mean inside your country , so a cool place that is not the capital that is relatively unknown but nevertheless worth checking out . 
  do you want europe to be pro active or isolated ? 
  do you want eu to spend on foreign aid or not ? 
  do you want an alliance with russia or not ? 
  what would it look like ? 
  i find it weird and it 's highly prone to abuse but sex tourism is mostly confined to amsterdam soo, 
  this is true in dutch as well tbh, 
  buy them . 
  no , i want a union of diverse countries . 
  i do n't think it is right to think of an `` end game '' for the eu . 
  what is important is that we work on the principle of more freedom , prosperity and security for all europeans , and not get too attached to a single structure . 
  and wales has a dragon yet noone thinks that is strange, 
  in groningen sikhs are also mostly unheard of . 
  so you will likely we confused with muslims here as well . 
  whether you are considered a tourist depends on other factors though such as dress , language and general behavior . 
  i often hear english native speakers talk about how a lot of people who have english as a second language seem to use it better then some of their fellow native speakers . 
  the reason for this is that we learn english as a written language first and as a spoken language second . 
  proper form in written language is much more essential then in spoken language where slang and colloquialisms are expected and tolerated . 
  i use english everyday on the internet but when i have to engage with an english speaker in real life i still struggle . 
  on the flip side if you where to learn dutch and looked at my dutch whatsapp feed or whatever you would struggle to follow it as i often just translate spoken language directly into text rather then using proper grammar . 
  i think our country is perfectly fine . 
  and i think we are exactly proud enough of our accomplishments . 
  no , just a poor peasant . 
  * tringing intensifies *, 
  since your flair is ~ ~ the papal states ~ ~ vatican city , i 'd say it 's the paterland, 
  in the netherlands it is the `` vaderland '' , in case you are curious . 
  english culture is not as different from the rest of the north sea cultures as the english themselves might think , and the love of bland food is present troughout all of northern europe . 
  the thing is about zwarte piet is that it is one of the last things that truly stick out , one thing that has not been completely eroded by global culture . 
  i am actually glad that it 's offends people , it means that there is still something offensive about us . 
  that we have n't completely caved to global homogeneity . 
  the reason is pretty boring really . 
  we do n't because we do n't . 
  scotland is ingrained in our conciousness as a seperate entity through media and pop culture in a way that catalonia is n't . 
  we did n't sit down and decide to consider scotland a country and catalonia not and give reasons for why , it just sort of happened that way . 
  not for the food itself , but for the hamburger vending machines . 
  i 'm sure the machines exist somewhere abroad as well but i do n't think they are as common as here and they 're what febo is most known for . 
  yeh so much cringe where all threads have has the top post lol americans are ao dumb amirite ? 
  you think rutte will do well because of the whole turkey thing ? 
   the netherlands ( we 're going without them to the world cup ) we can still qualify , right ? 
  qualification matches are this year . 
  you are allowed to type fuck on the internet, 
  it 's gud, 
  i did n't say anything about albinos . 
  and being white is definately a european thing, 
  being white, 
  i love eastern europe . 
  besides that i i feel that people there are a bit more common sensical , and are a bit poorer , i do n't think there is a radical difference between east and west . 
  i 've been to poland , romania and czechia ( not technically eastern , i know , but eastern in the sense of former communist ) and it did n't feel alien at all . 
  this does n't mean that there are n't general value differences , but these differences are n't radical compared to let 's say asia and the middle east . 
  ee is more conservative , but only in the sense that it slants more towards conservatism whereas we slants more towards liberalism . 
  there are plenty of liberals in ee and plenty of conservatives in we . 
  also the people are friendly and country side is beautiful . 
  what do you mean ? 
  stoop , springbok , wildebeest , yacht , sloop, 
  we do n't really have them here . 
  almost all large public toilet area 's are segregated . 
  the only times there is a unisex public toilet is when it 's a very small pub , cafe or restaurant that only has room for a single toilet . 
  and ofcourse for this reason hipsters have taken on hunting as a hobby here . 
  hes a shady media tycoon who ran on his expertise as a bussinessman and being a political outsider . 
  he promised to run italy as a bussiness and to bring back a milion jobs to italy . 
  he flirted with fascists while denieing being one . 
  he was in noumerous lawsuits which he said where manuractured by the left . 
  he has an enormous appetite for the ladies and frequently hosts sex parties with prostitutes . 
  edit : i 'm also not italian, 
  ha , in your dreams, 
  no you can have a weed store and advertise your product in the windows , so you can buy and sell it . 
  you just ca n't grow it . 
  it \u00b4 s illegal to grow weed and the police is constantly cracking down on illegal weed plantations . 
  and yet it \u00b4 s legal to sell it !, 
  i mean , where the fuck do they think all the weed comes from , the moon ? 
  the illegality of growing weed attracts a lot of crime ( of course it does ) , and lately refugees are being recruited to work at illegal weed farms ( of course they are ) . 
  whyyyyyy is the government so stupid ? 
  but yeah what harrymeusli said , and what i said , it 's out of the way . 
  so if you visit be sure to visit everything along the way i.e. 
  bruge , antwerp , leiden , utrecht etc and alot more, 
  train or bus is the best way in general . 
  sweet . 
  groningen is a bit out of the way compared to the rest of the netherlands . 
  but for you it 's a good pitstop for a more northern route through europe, 
  come to groningen , netherlands . 
  i 'll buy you a beer . 
  here in the north of the netherlands we do n't have the roasted goose but we do have the lantern and singing on the 11th of november where young children go around the neighbourhood and gather candy in exchange for a traditional st martin song . 
  he does n't even to that it seems . 
  when people think germany they think merkel, 
  why ? 
  the biggest stumbling block with dutch is how things are pronounced . 
  the vowels are generally more in the back of the throat then with english and most other languages . 
  other then that , it 's pretty similar to german , i would argue even a little bit easier . 
  the other hard thing maybe is articles . 
  we have two , de and het , and which one belongs to which word is pretty arbitrary and needs to be memorized . 
  there areas that are more problematic then other areas , but no go zones as you describe it do n't exist . 
  the term sounds like it 's designed to be hyperbolic and manipulative anyways . 
  like with aristotle , scholars will ponder over these thinkers a thousand years from now . 
  interestingly enough , the '' londsdale '' brand was so heavily associated with extreme right neo nazi groups in the netherlands and elsewhere that the company owning londsdale stopped selling the clothing here altogether . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahof1-umdyw ) . 
  i assure you it sounds as bad as it looks .
