  its one of the symbols of the nsb, 
  unfortunately noone was there to save europe from the soviet union, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnmxskfwflq i 'm curious if other people like this song . 
  / r/ukrainianconflict is actually a really active subreddit . 
  go there if you want to be called a fascist and/or terrorist . 
  link does n't work for me, 
  obviously . 
  but it 's fucking war , man . 
  these people are going to do a lot more horrible shit to each other in the upcoming months, 
  i agree that this conflict needs more dehumanization . 
  an imporant aspect of it as i see it is that modern day young christians have been heavily infuenced by american evangalicism , which has a tendicy to create more extreme believers then traditional dutch calvinism or catholicism . 
  huh . 
  i put in that i drink a lot of coffee and never go to the cinema and i got spain !, 
  because i never drink coffee and always go to the cinema, 
  quickly ? 
  not much . 
  the eu does n't have an army . 
  the member states do , however , and together they could in theory muster a force of 1.0 million , half a million of which are actually ground troops ( the rest are supporting personnel ) , if they decided to go all out . 
  this has never been done before , however , and i do n't think anyone really has an idea as to how to coordinate such an operation . 
  this has seriously gotten out of hand . 
  the saying is true there are no heroes in war . 
  a fokker ( sounds like fucker ) , means breeder in dutch, 
  say you found out that steve jobs , besides tech developing , also was an activist that called for the destruction of jewish homes and synagogues , the taking away of their property , and to force jews to live on the land as farm slaves , would you say that that overshadows his other work ? 
  because all the things i mentioned are things that martin luther called for . 
  especially for his [ key influence ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/martin_luther_and_antisemitism ) on modern german anti-semitism . 
  seriously , fuck that guy right in his double chin . 
  i knew it . 
  the dutch like the belgians more then the other way around . 
  probably because when people think of italians , they think of mafia, 
  what do you mean these atrocities are not recognised ? 
  is anyone denying that it happened ? 
  or are you just bummed out that they do n't get as much press ? 
  what is this , a fucking competition ? 
  people are commemorating an atrocity , and every year all that turkish people can bring up is boohoo why are they talking about this again ? 
  it makes you sound like a douche . 
  i would love to hear more about what happened to the balkan muslims , but the wrong way to go about it is to piss on the memories of slaughtered armenians to get you point across, 
  you do n't have to apologize for anything , just recognize that it happened and show a bit of fucking humility . 
  noone is dissing on your great-grandpa , who i am sure was a great guy . 
  the fact is that between 1 and 1.5 million armenians where killed by the ottomans either by direct killing or trough indirect means , and armenians have a right to commemorate this event . 
  yet turks always seem to interpret it as a personal attack , which come off as cruel and uncaring . 
  all peoples and countries have some dark pages in there history books , just recognize this and move on . 
  why should modern turks apologise for something that happened a hundred years ago ? 
  i do n't see what the fuss is about , we can talk about and remember the holocaust without germans getting there panties in a bunch , and that was only 70 years ago . 
  this is not a phase , mom !, 
  sounds like the premise of an adam sandler movie, 
  sounds like the premise of an adam sandler movie, 
  the point is that half the internet is * written * in the english language , not that half of the people using the internet are native english speakers . 
  i would n't say that too hastily . 
  here in the netherlands , after having a very lax attitude towards alcohol for a while , under-age drinking is now being regarded as a major health issue , with reports of 12 year-olds sneaking off to drink themselves in a coma . 
  now the last bit might just be a bit off alarmist news reporting for shock value , but i myself cringe when i see a bunch of drunk 14 year olds drunk in broad daylight at a festival . 
  perhaps american puritanism is for once a safer option , of maybe a middle ground can be found . 
  translation : enactment bicycle plan veluwe quality improvement bicycle road ` hanendorperweg ' this project has been realised trough co-funding of the european union , gelderland province and the rgv fietspaden company . 
  european agriculture funds for rural development : europe invests in it 's rural areas, 
  [ ignorance ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ignorance ) simply means not knowing . 
  not wanting to know would be wilfully ignorant . 
  same thing in dutch . 
  closest thing i can think of is plaatsvervangende schaamte hebben ( lit . 
  to have place-replacing embaressment ), 
  ignorance i always translate with onwetendheid ( which roughly means the state of not knowing ) and ignorant is onwetend . 
  what do you mean by we ? 
  i 've seen three people who play spot the gypsy and a few commenting on them , the rest have been pretty normal comments . 
  just because there is a diversity of opinions here does n't mean that '' we '' are a backwards subreddit . 
  i 've actually been to bucharest on holiday , it was beautiful . 
  here 's a shitty picture i took of a neat little church i saw there http://imgur.com/e2bfn4n . 
  one thing i noticed however was that in some streets , the sky was absolutely filled with webs of tv/electricity cables ( not sure which ) going from cable posts directly to people 's windows . 
  what 's up with that ? 
  is illegal cable tapping a big thing there ? 
  maybe we just were in a poorer neighbourhood . 
  huh ? 
  the title just says that these are pictures of romanians . 
  you read way to much into it . 
  if these are the worst settings one can find , the majority of romania must be a real god-damn paradise . 
  only 24 and 25 show a bit of a darker side . 
  the uk seems to think of itself as a country that lies just off the coast of the us instead of europe . 
  for this reason the uk is maybe seen as a bit arrogant . 
  i think the dutch often feel a kind of affinity with the uk , maybe because we are culturally very similair . 
  that 's an awe full lot of text wasted on this guy . 
  were these maps a hype back in the day ? 
  there are a lot of different ones, 
  whatever . 
  it 's a well known fact here . 
  if the fact that the vast majority of morroccan-dutch people have dual citizenship does n't convince you , then nothing can . 
  http://www.cbs.nl/nl-nl/menu/themas/bevolking/publicaties/artikelen/archief/2009/2009-2997-wm.htm this is a statistic on dual nationality of the cbs , the most reputable statistics bureau in the netherlands . 
  this article does n't give a specific number on the amount of moroccans exclusively has dutch citizenship , it just says '' very few '' . 
  it does say that about 80 % of second generation moroccans actually have dutch citizenship . 
  that 's the best i can do . 
  my point was only this . 
  most people from immigrant backgrounds are n't stuck here . 
  it 's just a misconception i wanted to clear . 
  and i specifically said  even those born here the above counts for second and third generations as well . 
  in fact , the moroccan government forbids it 's diaspora to resign their moroccan citizenship , and does not recognize any attempts to do so . 
  i have an objection to this statement . 
  the majority of the moroccan community ( even those born here ) have dual citizenship , have families and networks in morocco , and visit their home country regularly . 
  morocco has a reasonably well off economy , and is reasonably crime free and peaceful . 
  so really , people of the moroccan community can move to morocco any time they like . 
  im not saying they should . 
  i have no problem with muslims and people born here with a dutch passport have every right to remain here . 
  just so you understand the situation . 
  that 's insane . 
  by that logic , he also said that every single white guy beats up islamists .
