  wtf are you talking about ? 
  were does it say any of that ? 
  pukk your head out of your ass, 
  tusk is not elected by the public . 
  but he is also not the president of the eu . 
  the title is complete ass puke, 
  i meant head of government , not head of state . 
  and tusk in neither potus nor head of state . 
  donald tusk is the chairman or president of the european council , not the president of europe . 
  the members of the ec are the heads of government of all the member states , plus the president , but the council does n't have any special legal power on its own besides the collective power of it 's members . 
  so basically it is an organisation that the european countries use to coordinate with each other , and that 's what gives it its political currency . 
  from what i have understood is that the council has recently overtaken the european commission in importance , because the commission neither has the speed or respect to react to the various crisises that europe is in now . 
  donald tusk gives a leadership and management role in the european council , but obviously not in the member states ' governments . 
  so you can estimate its power from these things . 
  edit : about donald tusk himself , he seems alright . 
  kind of an establishment liberal . 
  his powers are limited , though . 
  president of the european council , not `` eu president '' . 
  very misleading . 
  it makes people think that he is the equivalent of the potus or other head of state . 
  in the netherlands we call your country wit-rusland, 
  these videos are literally first hand journalism . 
  they are not context , they are the central thing . 
  an article would be the context to a video . 
  this is an important subject to talk about and you want it to be removed because of the format ? 
  watch out shorty !, 
  you guys should change your flag to the flair you have . 
  welcome to the club !, 
  let me guess . 
  from now on every single negative thing said about trump comes from this group . 
  thats how it works right ? 
  some organisation springs from the ground that is anti trump and within days they have a major eu official doing there bidding, 
  good, 
  is this going to a another case of http://i.imgur.com/ixh4pic.gif ? 
  it 's the jugoslavic nation that got of pretty unscathed that managed to avoid most of the destruction of the jugoslavic war in the 90s . 
  it 's supposed to your like a disney fairytale land . 
  donald trump 's wife , melania trump , is from slovenia , as is slavoj zizek , the communist philosopher . 
  other then that , i find slovenia remarkable in it 's unremarkability . 
  slovenia seems to be doing fine . 
  not great , but fine . 
  despite being historically surrounded and influenced by countries that are not doing fine at all . 
  do you mean homosexual propaganda ? 
  good , now if only belgium and france do the same , we can stop with these stupid drug related border disputes . 
  all of this is stupid, 
  how is this / s ? 
  it 's true right ? 
  you said from memory so this is probably going to suck ... ( the netherlands ) https://imgur.com/a/wkax3, 
  karl marx was also big on this idea, 
  the uk does n't really have a party that is explicitly anti islam/muslim though . 
  ukip is pretty much anti any immigration . 
  if this sub reddit is any indication , young people are fine with europe , they are just increasingly hostile towards muslim migrants . 
  i think that 's a pretty cool looking train !, 
  here is the translation and yeah , it 's satire . 
  i thought i could tag it as humor , or else i would 've put satire in the title . 
  gambling on football , horse racing , or a favorable election result ? 
  no longer , if theresa may gets her way . 
  the british prime minister want to strengthen the regulations on games of chance . 
  `` with a nice profit on our minds , too often in this country do we let ourselves be tempted by enormous risks . 
  we do n't think about all the things that can go wrong , and sometimes with disastrous results . 
  this needs to stop . 
  people need to be protected against their own damaging behavior '' , may spoke, 
  but where would you even put it ? 
  his majesty should stop feeding her stroopwafels . 
  so more then nothing ? 
  how very swedish of you, 
  we 're all racists , hungarians just do n't care what the world thinks of it . 
  hahaha . 
  no , he will tell you that he takes the matter extremely seriously and will leave no stone unturned to get to the bottom of the situation . 
  all in a voice as if he is giving a power point presentation . 
  weather look lovely btw, 
  this post seems to suggest that he is going to hurt someone with the stool . 
  but we do n't know if that is what 's happening . 
  it 's like they want the eu to fall apart, 
  the world : eurovision is garbage and i only watch it to laugh at bad performances . 
  portugal : `` let 's stop sending in garbage '' the world : jeez what a pretencious douche, 
  actually draining the swamp ? 
  lol , whenever pictures of these kind of events show up here and you look at the measly turnout and performance , they just highlight what i think is the main problem with the eu . 
  forget fiscal policy or open borders , the eu has simply failed to make any sort of spiritual connection with people . 
  you do n't have to throw it away . 
  thanks , that makes sense . 
  now i actually kind of like the system . 
  you get to be a bit passive aggressive with your vote as you throw the other one into the garbage bin :p, 
  this system sounds a bit insecure . 
  could n't someone take one of these papers and put it in the voting bin ? 
  all i remember is seeing the one with the aliens and it being so bad that i put the whole series into it 's grave . 
  but apparently they have gotten better since then . 
  but then you realise goscinny died in 1977, 
  i heard that the asterix comics have recently increased in quality again . 
  can anyone comfirm or deny this ? 
  btw the contrast between american comics and euro comics is interesting . 
  american comics became whole fanchises with the heros being templates for writers to work with . 
  euro comics typically die with their original authors . 
  i think that really shows a difference in adittute between americans and europeans . 
  i 've read a bunch of posts of which some say reddit is heavily pro scotland independence , and others say it 's heavily anti . 
  so which is it ? 
  type yay or nay ( or an affirmative or negative of your choosing ) !, 
  edit : results are in . 
  43 yay , 33 nay , 6 maybe/dunno . 
  it seems reddit is in favor of scottish secession !, 
  scotland , if you do n't make it , at least consider yourself reddit-independent ! .
