  for every one of those examples there are a thousand examples where nothing happens . 
  and even in that article amsterdam mayor admits the law is outdated . 
  stop with the false equivalency . 
  no , you do n't . 
  i love it , to each their own . 
  totally get why people hate it . 
  very phil collins . 
  not bad . 
  but to be clear i genuinely like this years song . 
  it 's campy bullshit in a good way . 
  the whole thing is the fantasy of a 14 year old goth kid . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  douze points . 
  eurovision is dumb , but it 's dumb in a fun way . 
  i 'm always happy to watch it and all the nonsense that surrounds it . 
  in the west erdogan has a reputation of being a guy with a big ego and a thin skin who really want to be the sultan of the ottoman empire . 
  depicting him in a degrading matter becomes a kind of iconoclasm . 
  you may not like it , but its a proper satirical response to someone who considers themselves nobler then the rest . 
  welcome romania !, 
  i hope, 
  that 's interesting , i did n't know that . 
  is that because they charge you differently at the door or because you have a subsidy card or something else ? 
  ahh , like that . 
  so , like a cultural discount for local residents ? 
  i guess thats similar , we have that here as well . 
  but thats more like a national cultural subsidy . 
  it 's a far cry from online software or t-shirt stores charging differently depending on nationality . 
  i think the comparison is between physical shops and webshops . 
  a single physical shop wo n't charge you different depending on your nationality , but a webshop might , for reasons other then delivery costs . 
  i 'd say this never happens in europe ( except in some tourist traps where they might do it sneakily sometimes ) . 
  and this clearly was referencing situations in europe . 
  20 % of the people, 
  19 % of the voter base in the netherlands voted against the association agreement . 
  does n't really indicate anything abut europeans ' opinion, 
  so now it can become 35 % ? 
  will it still have a margin of error of 3 % then ? 
  the idea that greek debt is a problem stemming from greek culture and work ethic was picked up by a big part of the media and has played a pretty big role in how people perceived the entire crisis . 
  the dutch people voted in 2012 and the euro skeptic parties got about 20 % of the vote combined . 
  how are they moving against the consent of the people exactly ? 
  it 's a national , non binding , advisory referendum . 
  so , a national government treating non binding , advisory referendum as non binding and advisory will tell the people of the uk what about the eu exactly ? 
  the referendum is non binding , so the government does not have to try to block anything , they can just ignore it . 
  how does it sound like that ? 
  i was in ireland last week , your driving habits basically make the place syria, 
  how does the eu effect any of this at all ? 
  the point was that the eu is a tool to keep europe peacefull so you ca n't use non eu countries as an example of the failure of the eu . 
  that would be like saying car ensurance fails to pay for damages by pointing to people without car insurance that got into car crashes . 
   about peace in europe , did you hear about srebrenica massacre and siege of sarajevo ? 
  not only did that not happen in the eu , those conflicts happened because of a * breakdown * of a union , so they actually go against your position, 
  dae british people are the only funny ones and everyone else is shite ? 
  you do n't have to believe in a utopia to see what is as clear as day : there is no future in a fractured and divided europe . 
  i prefer european to dutch tbh , at least when talking to non europeans . 
  anything pre ww2 that is n't '' the golden age '' we do n't find all that interesting, 
   for the moment , the concept is short on details but high on enthusiasm that 's really all you need to know about this topic, 
  what is the purpose of gfycat ? 
  apologies , i thought you where zephinism . 
  al people with uk flairs look the same to me . 
  whatever the trading tarifs are going to be . 
  what , you think the eu is letting you keep the trading benefits you have after you left ? 
  my thoughts go out to you guys, 
  veljo tormis gave me goosebumbs , well done, 
  thats . . just amazing, 
  very nice , why do i think of the champions league when listening to the first one ? 
  links for the people ? 
  pavarotti is ofcourse a boss . 
  bocelli is n't bad either . 
  tell me , is he considered a pop singer because of the quality of his preformance , or because of the consensus of culture critics ? 
  fun fact . 
  '' welsh '' comes from an ancient germano celtic word '' walhaz '' meaning '' foreigner '' or '' the others '' , and is opposed to another word '' deutch '' that descendent from '' theudo '' that meant '' the people '' or '' us '' . 
  sorry welsh , you are by definition foreigners . 
  with ohio i thought of it as '' the mormon bit '' , but apperently that 's utah . 
  wyoming i just though of as the square state . 
  i suck and should go to america one day and cure myself of my ignorance . 
  this is what i got http://imgur.com/cmepxas stupid ignorant europeans, 
  it 's great , and it 's 9 15-20 minute episodes . 
  about the length of a feature film, 
  those animations though, 
  i watched all episodes yesterday . 
  truly the best thing that has happened to me, 
  imagine being someone living 20.000 years ago and this all of the sudden happens . 
  what that would do to your psyche and world view, 
  that ; s awesome , reminds me of half life 2, 
  just because other coutnries drink more does not mean that the uk drinks a little, 
  did n't know this was a weird thing . . til, 
  well , you do n't get drunk from standing next to someone holding a beer, 
  how different are we , really ? 
  i mean , the common history is undeniable , and in general , the public political discourse is nearly identical in most european states . 
  the major barrier is the language barrier that keeps the public discourse localised . 
  nevertheless i see the discourse changing to a more european one every year as people realise that problems that pertain to the continent can not be settled in '' local '' countries . 
  small bars tend to ignore this rule some of the times , but in general all bars have been improved because of the ban i think, 
  [ as if there is a single , well defined concept of freedom ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_\\ ( disambiguation \\ ) ), 
  adorable, 
  yes . 
  such a law is most definately unconstitutional , but yes . 
  a certain blonde politician here has been advocating the ban on building mosques for years . 
  there is a difference between advocating a change in the law and calling people to take the law in there own hand vigilante style . 
  should people who are in favor of capital punishment ( [ which a lot of people are ] ( https://ca.news.yahoo.com/blogs/canada-politics/majority-canadians-support-death-penalty-poll-180253516.html ) ) also be fined ? 
  is n't that place littered with landmines ? 
  emm , yes , this very often happens . 
  cars where not at all convienient the day they came out of the gate .
