well , i guess it 's back to beer then . 
  it 's pretty much a staple of european humor anywhere . 
  all countries in europe have their own butt monkey that they make fun of . 
  you just have to look at one of the more prominent sources of european internet humor , polandball , to see how true this is . 
  to be fair , in the netherlands black people are still often called '' negro 's '' , and a lot of people claim that that is not racist either . 
  false , racism is essentialy racial culturalism, 
  is n't it true though that turkey \u00b4 s economical situation has improved since he arrived on the scene ? 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  however , they are still ofter revered to as having '' indonesian '' roots . 
  and the guy you responded to talked about south east asians in general , not indonesians in particular , have a more positive image here then '' muslims '' and africans . 
  the reason for this is , while many of south east asian people are muslims , many europeans from south east asian descent are not . 
  i was n't arguing of even disagreeing with you , just explaining where that sentiment comes from . 
  yeah , i got what you meant . 
  i was just pointing out that in this region , that is not actually the case . 
  the reason why though is actually pretty interesting . 
  in the 50s the netherlands went to war with indonesia in an attempt to regain reestablish dutch rule . 
  in this they got support from the people of the maluku islands , who are largely christians and wanted to have their own country instead of falling under a muslim majority republic . 
  after international pressure forced the netherlands to leave indonesia alone , a lot of molukkens where ships to the netherlands to safe them from persecution by the indonesian state for picking the wrong side in the war . 
  the netherlands tried to broker a federalist system where maluku would enjoy a degree of autonomy , but failed . 
  it 's not a history to be proud of , the dutch where pretty gruesome and violent in their campaign . 
  but it happened . 
  to be fair , in netherlands ( and belgium too probably ) the vast , vast majority of citizens that have their roots in indonesia are not hijabis , and are n't even muslim . 
  so that 's not what the '' typical '' european from indonesian descent looks like . 
  costumer service works like this : you order beer , they give you beer . 
  ok , i get te cartoon now . 
  i first thought it was a joke about east russia . 
  like that the invasion caused people to be outside and be pro-russian . 
  but then i saw the swedish products and i was like i do n't know . 
  care to explain ? 
  do russians shop a lot in sweden or something ? 
  before responding please remind yourself of the fact that you likely know very little of russia and you are watching the country trough a tiny tiny window, 
  norway is not part of eu , though, 
  the world is n't . 
  so therefore it 's necessary to communicate to the world that we do defend people 's rights, 
  the tower is a tourist attraction . 
  the attached church is of a protestant denomination i believe . 
  it 's mostly used as an exposition hall , even though it still holds sermons every now and then . 
  groningen actually has a cathedral , which is the much smaller [ st. josef church ] ( http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/sint-jozefkerk_%28groningen%29 ) . 
  just goes to show that cathedral = / = big fancy church, 
  i did n't know putin had aids, 
  i live near the german border . 
  middle aged german couples invade my city whenever there is a flowermarket of whenever germany has a long weekend of some sorts . 
  i passed the dutch equivalent of the abitur in french and i ca n't really say i speak the french language . . 
  keep at it man . 
  be who you are . 
  it 's a tough time for turks and other people who are considered muslim-ish in this counrty . 
  i feel for that situation . 
  these are all simply national stereotypes people from other countries have . 
  the question was for the stereotype people withing a counrty have for their capital . 
  within the netherlands amsterdam is not at all associated with drugs and sex , more with arrogant hipsters and tourists . 
  yeah but wouldnt two orders of magnitude be 550000 ? 
  assad \u00b4 s regime has killed roughly [ 117.000 civilians ] ( http://www.middleeasteye.net/news/100000-civilians-killed-assad-forces-2011-report-590203858 ) . 
  isis has killed around [ 5500 ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jul/18/iraqi-civilian-death-toll-5500-2014-isis ) . 
  however the number of death \u00b4 s by assad are taken over a span of 3 years , and those of isis over only 6 months . 
  so yeah assad killed a lot more , but not two orders of magnitude and , if you calculate is as deaths per month , not even one . 
  it 's just terrible all around . 
  and yeah i agree assad definitely benefits from having the goods sense of not openly taunting western nations into attacking him . 
  why is this so weird ? 
  how much time must have past until the people born in america can call themselves americans ? 
  even the native americans came from someplace else . 
   why do you think people from fyrom choose to associate themselves only with ancient macedonian and not ancient greeks ( contrary to common sense ) ? 
  because they are called macedonians , their country is called macedonia , and they live on the place where the ancient macedonians lived . 
  you can trace bloodlines and measure skulls all day if you like , it does n \u00b4 t really matter when you are talking about identity . 
  the dutch were once considered germans , the flemish where once considered dutch , and the ukrainians where once considered russians . 
  all of these populations decided against those identity at one point , and so it was . 
  according to this map the swedes are as slavic as the macedonians are . 
  the slavic peoples who settled in macedonia probably got it on enough with the native greek population for the macedonians to make the claim to be greek . 
  plus , it 's not just about blood , these things are mostly about identity . 
  the dutch tried to re brand themselves as batavians for a while . 
  the only connection to that particular claims is land . 
  it 's all arbitrary anyway . 
  if you lived in a community that considered themselves bantu , could claim historical ties with bantu , and lived next to and retained relations with bantu , then eyebrows would be considerably lowered . 
  when i hear '' macedonia '' i do think of the greek nation that produced alexander the great . 
  i they make the same connection , then why not ? 
  why is it a lie ? 
  is n't ethnicity mostly an identity thing ? 
  i they do n't consider themselves slavs , then they are n't slavs . 
  won us the war against spain by capturing spanish treasure ships and stealing all of them booty . 
  title is misleading . 
  the vast majority of improvements are to combat rising river levels . 
  only a small portion of the project is spent on fortifying sea defenses . 
  dutch and english . 
  i can somewhat read german as well . 
  the slogan is : nothing goes above groningen . 
  the first meaning is of course the fact that it 's the northern most dutch city of significance . 
  the second is of course the '' our city is the best '' message . 
  '' nothing goes above groningen '' , as it were . 
  i personally think the good natural scenery gives it enough reason to be here . 
  make of it what you want . 
  i think yes . 
  i 've been to enough places in europe to realise that , while there are cultural differences ( which mostly come down to differences in etiquette ) , there are values amongst us which are basicly european . 
  there is therefore little reason in my opinion why we should not come together . 
  add to that the increasingly hostile world we live in , and the inability of european countries to react to them , that i would support a union of europeans . 
   spain : 150,000 still under arms . 
  next to japan , most shocked by soviet-german pact . 
  what is the yard stick for measuring shockedness ? 
  mixed up monaco and san marino . 
  other then that i got them all . 
  the netherlands actualy has a shit ton of gas in the ground ( though it is kinda running out now ) . 
  the dutch gas reserves make up about a quarter of all of the gas in europe,
