  get your head checked . 
  are you delusional ? 
  he did n't say that, 
  how is high lighting the communist roots of the prc racist ? 
  the word racism has been made meaningless by it 's abusers . 
  nah man , just trying to be informative that 's all , 
  that would be like me saying antwerp is the second city in the netherlands because of it 's historical rivalry with amsterdam only i did n't say that because if i did belgian terrorist would come over and firebomb my apartment . 
  no need to be so harsh , he/she gave you a bunnyrabbit !, 
  edit : it sounds like ankara is a lot like the hague in the netherlands . 
  culturally and economically not very noteworthy but still very important because of the the political institutions that are stationed there . 
  rotterdam is sometimes called '' the only city in the netherlands '' because it 's the only city with a lot of high-rise buildings . 
  also , the rivalries mentioned are most emphasised within holland itself ( and perhaps also utrecht ) . 
  outside of holland rotterdam is mostly regarded as a part of the larger conurban area called the [ randstad ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/randstad ) , with all the stereostypes of snobby westerners associated with that area . 
  the entire city of edinburgh is basicly an open air museum . 
  there is this giant ass statue there that was erected just because the king of enland payed a visit at some point . 
  next up will be a massive statue erected because the sculptor saw a dog once . 
  such as ? 
  maybe if more women were in high positions europe would n't be warlike in the first place ? 
   when the pennsylvania dutch left europe , german and dutch were still one language ( diets ) , so saying their language descended from german is sort-of-technically-correct but not really . 
  this is not entirely true . 
  dutch at that time was already a distinct language form other german languages . 
  what is true however is that the german language was n't an official language untill the german empire of otto von bismarck . 
  before that the ` diets ' languages ( dutch and deutch ) where more a continuum of gradually different languages rather then two distinct separate languages . 
  the reason dutch survives where other germanic languages other then the official ` german ' have fallen into obscurity is bacause the german empire enforced a single language uppon the germans trough public education , and the dutch were n't part of that empire . 
  in the netherlands it has been called the sinterklaasstorm , as it happened on 5 december , on which we celebrate sinterklaas, 
  the difference is that germany is about the size of texas . 
  europe is about the size of the us ( slightly smaller ) . 
  in that sense it 's just as reasonable to asume taht europeans have a familiarity with the american states as it is for americans to know all the countries in europe . 
  as an awnser to the question posed in the title only , no . 
  it is not as if i dislike my european neighbours , but i can not help to regard myself as anything but dutch . 
  i would want there some kind of fraternity that all europeans share , but i just do not think it is there yet . 
  part of this has to do with language difference , but a big part i think is simply that all european countries have a historical and cultural awareness that is unique to there own country in particular . 
  how desirable it might be to change these things , it can not be forced . 
  or rather , they * can * be forced , but historicly , common identities have mostly been forged though bloodshed , which nobody really wants . 
  the only way i see a common european identity emerging , if everything keeps going the way it goes now , is through gradual evolution . 
  maybe in two hundred years language and culture in europe have merged to such a degree that people one day wake up and find they have been european for quite a while , without exactly knowing when the change occured . 
  good job belgium !, 
  again this is simply a map depicting wealthy nations and poor nations, 
  while this is terrible , people must understand the circumstances under which these surgeons probably work . 
  moldova is an extremely poor country , and as such it 's hospitals are probably extremely underfunded . 
  a construction drill , while crude and unsafe , technicaly does the same job a medical drill does . 
  these surgeons are probably just working with what they got , and are trying to do the best for their patients . 
  this actually makes me kind of angry , how can spain allow a thing like this to happen ? 
  one the one hand i feel that , morally this is the right thing to do . 
  on the other hand i feel sad for the circus members that their livelyhood are slowly being destroyed . 
  awesome city , very dutch !, 
  hey , herring is delicious !, 
  tough times for arab hipsters, 
  i 'm melting already, 
  did n't see it there, 
  the dutch one is literally '' `` bird mouth animal '' , so like a combination of the german and the french . 
  what do british people think of boris johnson ? 
  i hear a lot of negative things about him but he seems to be a likable fellow, 
  jeez what a cock . 
  i am all for european unification but with guys like these i feel like we will just keep fighting forever . 
  she has never been a leader . 
  there are no leaders in europe , only bureaucrats . 
  to be fair , we 've had a bit of a leader-allergy since ww2 . 
  race is just a mundane physical fact about someone , like hair color , and thus it 's thoroughly to judge someone purely based on their race . 
  that is why racism is bad . 
  the problem with equating culturism with racism is that the logic becomes that you can not criticize someones culture just because they are born into it . 
  i am '' born into '' my culture , does that mean you can not criticize it ? 
  if you take your logic all the way what you end up with is apartheid and radical cultural stagnation . 
  it is true that islamic culture tends to overlap with '' non-white '' , but it is very dangerous to allow bad people to hide behind their race in order to escape criticism . 
  you can always suspect hidden racist motives when someone is bad-mouthing islam , but because they are '' hidden '' , they are also unfalsifiable . 
  be careful with that . 
  yes because criticising bits about islam = nazi racism . 
  voter fraud only happens when the party you disagree with wins , duh !, 
  thanks , i 'll check it out . 
  all of these things are very disturbing . 
  i might have to rethink my op but i 'd like to do some research myself first . 
  i \u00b4 m not turkish , so i thank you to be the first to actually provide a source suggesting voting fraud . 
  i assume those shredded papers are voting ballots ? 
  he rules because of popular vote . 
  you may not like him , but he \u00b4 s democratically elected . 
  this is very eurocentric and not accurate at all . 
  whoops , i really meant a place within your country , not one country as a whole . 
  was n't very clear , sorry . 
  this has more to do with the fact that non-catholic christians do n't nessecarily identify with their particular church ( nobody self-identifies as a dutch reformed protestant , for example ) , whereas catholics tend to more readily identify with catholicism . 
  completely meaningless . 
  the difference between '' happy '' and '' very happy '' is completely arbitrary . 
  it could very well be that countries that rank higher are culturally inclined not to complain too much . 
  also , this map leads you to believe tat lituanians are unhappy , as they are depicted in an negative dark red as opposed to a cheery bright green , while it could just as easily mean that lituanians are simply less likely to say that they are '' very '' happy as opposed to just being happy . 
  so the map is misleading in addition to being meaningless . 
   the boos to russia were amazing it was incredibly douchy and cringe-inducing, 
  irish is such a cool language, 
  did n't know he was dutch . 
  awesome . 
  i do n't think there are any really famous dutch composers, 
  the main incentive for migrating to europe is your house and family being blown up . 
  how do you think scotland would react if the english vote the uk out of the eu ? 
  it seems to me scottish people are far more pro eu then the english are, 
  thanks for the good response . 
  i guess the main difference between the uk anti-eu parties and the dutch anti-eu parties is that it is still very possible to appeal to nationalism in the uk . 
  even the far right of the netherlands ( geert wilders ) appeals to western identity much more so then it appeals to dutch identity . 
  i do n't really know what nordic means, 
   while the eu seems increasingly fragile it still has time to order britain 's organic farmers to treat sick animals with homeopathy . 
  i particularly liked this one . 
  the bbc comments are amazing . 
  can someone explain to me what is going on ?
