  it would 've been nice to have an organised euro fleet and task force to deal with the migrant crisis , rather then have greece and italy deal with it all until their institutions where overwhelmed . 
   i feel kind of special . 
  well . 
  thats all you ever wanted , right ? 
  could n't you theoretically ban the koran on ethnic discrimination grounds ( yes also the bible etc ) ? 
  knee jerk anti americanism, 
  am i missing something ? 
  all the link shows is an old film clip about the liberation of france and the title . 
  nothing of substance at all . 
  jeez the misinformation being reproduced is trough the roof, 
  some of the blame of the surge of terror attacks can be put on the last right wing president blowing up the middle east after 9/11, 
  i saw you popping up before , you seem to be very concerned with what the right might say about this . 
  emm , with every treaty the uk has made it a point to be given an opt out to avoid '' ever closer union '' and cameron was basicly given a permantnent optout for all future treaties . 
  and it 's not as if nw europe is deliberatly importing migrants , it 's just that the situation was neglected and had to be dealt with the moment italian and greek recourses where outspent, 
  but it has been mostly the uk that was against european leadership , no ? 
  the eu does n't have a unified foreign policy or migrant policy . 
  because off this , the whole thing was delegated to greece and italy , until it became too much and merkel decided she wanted to be the ultimate humanitarian . 
  the whole thing is a giant mess and it hurts espacially people like you . 
  it 's weird that even after the vice president of the ec said that the majority of migrants are n't refugees . 
  the media still uses the word refugees . 
  wtfs up with that ? 
  bless the reporter for repeating what they were saying, 
  there were physical barriers , but the term '' iron curtain '' does not refer to an object . 
  well , the iron curtain was never a physical thing, 
  i think it 's pretty cool, 
  i have been to romania . 
  and while i see that you country has a lot of problems , ( of which most are n't your fault ) , everyone has been amazing to me and i loved it there . 
  my visit in romania is responsible for my conviction that the divisions in europe are massively exaggerated , and we are all more alike then we are different . 
  we do n't, 
  by voting to leave the eu . 
  well done . 
  the commision needs to be elected, 
  well the eu is made up of countries . 
  so is pretty obvious that the largest ones leaving means the end of it . 
  this is starting to become scary . 
  trouble is returning to europe . 
  we get it . 
  cool idea but it looks like this project is dead . 
  this was 3 years ago and no updates . 
  the sound of his voice reminds me of monthy python, 
  ... sweden doesn \u00b4 t have the euro . 
  holy fuck these people are stupid, 
  soviet art is rad . 
  one good thing to come from all it, 
  they probably would n't be so cool if they were actually taken seriously in your entire culture, 
  what do you mean ? 
  it seems that these muslims were the ones behaving badly , not the britain first ones, 
  nobody knows, 
  i laughed way to hard at this . 
  all it needs is some porngroove in the background . 
  did they ever get what westminster promised them ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sq2j74zc0ra for those interested, 
  so this didnt happen ? 
  who cares . 
  wait till the election, 
   i wrote a post just yesterday about how we have no idea how many countries would vote to leave the eu because their national governments will never allow them to vote on it . 
  that means that the national governments are undemocratic , not the eu . 
  or am i seeing it wrong ? 
  as for the whole constitution thing , it was a mess , but i also dont see why the basic foundation of the european institution should each be up to popular referendum . 
  that 's just a recipe for disaster . 
  which is probably why it has almost never happened in history ( or at all ) . 
  as for the institutions that are in place they are actually quite democratic . 
  the biggest scourge of european democracy is voter apathy , which causes legitimacy issues . 
  holy fuck . 
  i guess people just have to calm down in general, 
  guys it 's totally the remain camp that is fear mongering . 
  '' ` more then half of al europeans do n't want votes on eu '', 
  take notes donald trump, 
  hey man we 're fine . 
  we got the top row, 
  which is why we drink ? 
  he is simply stating what he thinks should happen . 
  assuming he is just telling a joke is a lazy way to hand wave it . 
  it allowes you to conveniently ignore what is going on . 
  only he did n't, 
  i hope you 're right , i thought so only a day ago but this is getting crazy, 
  a song can be both . 
  and it was clearly both . 
  i think is looks kind of cool !, 
  but then that could be the lovely weather in which is is photographed . 
  we alteady did this one, 
  i know it is n't , but why should it be ? 
  this was all about a turkish politician trying to hold a rally in the netherlands . 
  neither religion nor immigration was ever mentioned . 
  i mean , i * guess * aboutaleb could cater to turks because of religious ties , but turkey always presents itself first as turkish nationalists , second as muslims . 
  not really something that would appeal to a guy like aboutaleb , no matter his religiosity . 
  aboutaleb is not of turkish ancestry . 
  why would he cater to erdogan in any way ? 
  all the human rights have been violated you guys . 
  if rutte plays this whole thing right it could do wonders for him in the election next week . 
   is this really how the europeans are thinking now ? 
  if , for example , trump quickly signs an extensive trade agreement with britain the moment we 're free from the customs union , and goes on to make it clear that the same is available to any other country that follows , that 's equivalent to a declaration of war ? 
  if they 're worried people will leave the eu to sign bilateral trade agreements with the usa , maybe they should have signed ttip while they had the chance . 
  you might want to come up with a better example because this one is simply ridiculous . 
  yes , so the moment the people ( tm ) of individual nations state discover they can get a trade deal with the vastly bigger and more powersfull us , they will be so grate full they will shatter the customs union oppressively laid uppon them by the eternal dictator juncker . 
  this is not a serious scenario . 
  also , you might want to look at the breitbart page https://store.breitbart.com/collections/collectibles/products/war-bumper-sticker bannon certainly seems to think taht it 's war . 
  its just a clickbaity title . 
  the article never says that the eu `` defines '' the west . 
  whatever you mean by that,
