  it took heavy government regulation and infrastruction building to make them viable . 
  that is why they became popular . 
  the way we use cars now is impossible without the facilitie to sustain them , hence , the facilities came first . 
  i am not one that wants to ban cars al together . 
  obviously people are going to need cars in many circumstances . 
  but in the many many cases where they do not , it is wise ofr any mayer or city planner do give incentives against them , because the downsides of everone driving are just too high . 
  first of , you are incorrect about the trajectory . 
  it \u00b4 s not true that cars were such a convienience and our lifestyles changed around them . 
  in many places , there was deliberate state policy to restructure cities and infrastructre around cars , because cars were seen as a sighn of prosperity and progress . 
  hell , volkswagen was created with the express goal to have a personal vehicle in front of every german home . 
  and about the shitty weather , people drive on a bike in a suit here in the netherlands all the time , and we have some of the shittiest weather on the globe . 
  it is perfectly viable , it is just that people view cars as a luxury taht they don \u00b4 t want to distance themselves from . 
  so true, 
  you obviously did n't get the memo . 
  communism is a meme now . 
  sorry but the eu 's head is farther up it 's ass then the american establishment was . 
  as long as eu leaders are going to continue deny the problems on the ground , and they will , people will reject them and the eu will perish . 
  being gay has been adopted by the right as a `` western '' thing to differentiate us from the muslims , so you 'll be fine . 
  edit : unless putinism becomes popular then you 're screwed, 
  well the centre collapsed becausr it was leaning left and is in the process of being replaced by a centre leaning right ( unless the fascists take over ) . 
  so yeah like i said corbyn and sanders symbolise a retreat of the left rather then a real counter movement, 
  i do n't know . 
  i kinda see corbyn and sanders as a sympton of the lefts decline rather then a real counter to populism . 
  they represent the lefts lack of any real central message or focus . 
  they are `` progressives '' in the sense of let 's continue to push for more leftist policies while we have a momentum . 
  but that momentum is gone now . 
  i think we will only know ehat the response to populism is going to be after ppl like trump and le pen have governed for a while . 
  and then the left really needs to work hard again to bring something forward, 
  populism has huge momentum , but their is inevidably going to be a counter response to that . 
  i wonder what that response will look like . 
  liberals ate going to have to start from scratch . 
  hes second in the polls atm, 
  trump is basically silvio berlusconi . 
  a trump presidency will have a similar result i think . 
  westminster is a globalist organisation . 
  the eu is n't . 
  no political body has defied corporate trade deals and corporate corruption as much as the eu has . 
  plus the eu is picky on whom it allows . 
  only countries with european values, 
  i was in scotland and i thought it was nice, 
  is that the amount of french that are mistresses of hollande ? 
  baby powder ? 
  turkish infighting ? 
  swearing ? 
  got anything else ? 
  no violent attacks ? 
  aww , that 's to bad , you almost had a point . 
  keep saying it over and over again , maybe it wo n't be bullshit the next time . 
  i do n't think that he is going to admit it himself , but the few people that seem to have been spreading rumor have an agenda as well . 
  and yet you said that it was an `` open secret '' suggesting that it has been confirmed somehow . 
  i 've looked into those rumours and i 've seen an equal number op people confirm it as deny it . 
  both sides might have an agenda , but there just is n't anything solid there, 
  whenever juncker is mentioned someone always makes the comment that he is somekind of alcoholic . 
  those rumours always seem to have a single source https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpgii46fcdu . 
  where it seems he * might * be a little tipsy . 
  i have no idea whether his drinking behavior is a problem or not , but as it stands it does seem to be yet another aspect that people have heavily embellished in order to make him a scape goat . 
  the uk is europe 's gateway to global capitalism ? 
  how dare other countries protect their interests . 
  ca n't ca n't they just bow down and make everything the way the uk wants it ? 
  i would be pretty pissed too if i was stuck somewhere for four days . 
  the not europeans . 
  when pushed to choose between these four , i would also with the orange one , even though i am completely a-religious . 
  '' spirit or lifeforce '' is very broad , and it can also just mean believe in consciousnesses . 
  this is the correct awnser, 
  if you would did that the uk wouldve voted remain, 
  it used to be mostly this kind of stuff . 
  now it 's just and endless spam op clickbaity political opinion pieces, 
  there is actually an hypothesis that johannes vermeer used optics or even a camera obscura to get the all the detail . 
  penn jillette explores it in the movie [ tim 's vermeer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94pcnuu6qfy ) . 
  no idea if it 's true , but it 's interesting, 
  the article acknowledges this somewhat by talking about a backlash against migrants in nw europe . 
  it is true , however that ee has a much more explicitly nationalist policy in general . 
  even the nw european countries that are ruled by conservatives are hesitant ` to be explicitly nationalist . 
  i did n't express myself too clearly . 
  my statement about the current government was mean as wholly separate from my statement about confederation . 
  no , to have a confederation in europe you would need to have a complete reform of the eu government . 
  no commission , just an elected commander in chief that is in charge of the army . 
  if we want to keep the euro , there would need to be a eu central bank . 
  the national parliaments would not have any say over foreign policy ( foreign policy is elected for separately ) but would have all say over national policy . 
  it would be a radical reform that is not even thinkable today , but it does solve both the problem of europeans not being able to deal with the problems of the world divided and the annoyance of countries with different values trying to domineer one another . 
  like for instance poland and gay marriage ( i 'm a liberal and all for gay marriage , i just do n't think it 's some human right and hey , una in diversitate , right ? ) . 
  so basically one country as far as international relations is concerned , many country as far as national relations is concerned . 
  but maybe that 's all stupid . 
  these are just my thoughts right now . 
  i just googled '' european confederation '' . 
  turns out it was also some nazi idea . 
  whoops . 
  well , they where also against smoking . 
  else they will just wank in prison, 
  that is a good point , abolishment of local armies would be very hard to swallow for most . 
  but what would it take to make it a policy of all eu nations to respond financially and with man power to the problems of other eu nations . 
  i mean , the way your country and mine responded to the crises at europe 's land and sea borders made me a bit sick and sad . 
  is n't the eu government elected by the citizens already ? 
  i mean the commission is basically a epp commission . 
  i really liked the idea of a confederacy ; military and financial policies in federal hands , domestic policies in national hands . 
  sorry , skimmed over you comment , did n't read the coastguard bit . 
  but here 's a thought . . 
  i am a bit tired of these half assed measures that the eu is known for . 
  a coast guard would mean that every country would commit a few ships and crew at the most , maybe it 's time to think about full integration . 
  i mean , the dutch army is pretty much a branch of the german army already so . .
