  part yes , part no . 
  why is it shit ? 
  i thought it was interesting . 
  i agree with you up to the point that you support cencoring anti muslim speech . 
  that stuff is dangerous nonesence and you gave no right to demand that, 
  it 's not whataboutism , it puts thing into perspective . 
  the crumbling of the ottoman empire resulted in a flurry of nationalistic killing , among which were the slaughter of armenians by turks and the slaughter of turkish muslims by bulgarians , serbs , krimean russians , and so forth . 
  from that perspective it seems unfair to turn the yearly remembrance of this period into an international turk shame-fest , rather then a remembrance of the horrors of runaway nationalism that it should be . 
  of course turks are wrong for denying genocide , but they are right for feeling wrongly singled out every year . 
  the vast majority of turks that i heard complaining about the attention of the armenian genocide , do so because just as many turks have been killed during that period and they are being ignored and the turks portrayed as a bunch of evil people . 
  the fact that the armenian genocide gets precedence over other genocides during the same period and the fact that armenians are a christian people is hardly a coincidence . 
  edit : downvoters , [ read ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims#world_war_i_and_the_turkish_war_of_independence ) a bit before making a judgement, 
  not to burst anyone 's bubble , but i have to point out that / r/europe is a standard sub for eu people so any european who makes an account is automatically subscribed to / r/europe, 
  very disappointing of them to make such remarks . 
  believe it or not , but to this day many if not most people identify to some extent with their ethnicity or nation . 
  as such a french task force rescuing a dutch national will be interpreted as france aiding the netherlands . 
  almost no person is entirely individualistic ; social structures are a part of human nature . 
  just accept it and be happy that our countries can work together this well , this has n't always been the case . 
  de naait is dark ent voel of terrers . 
  you can not see a finger before your eyes, 
  i agree with basically all that you said . 
  i have a comment in this thread arguing exactly what you are arguing now . 
  the caveat i give is that when someone is an active commenter on a nazi forum that person should be publicly shamed as a commenter on a nazi forum . 
  whatever sensible comments that he had should be amongst people that are not active nazi supporters, 
  threads like this are typically the targets of raids . 
  on an average threat anti racism is the norm . 
  again , people are anti religious , but generally not racist . 
  and again also , there are dissenting opinions that come with being a large sub . 
  edit : as to your comment on social security , the debate is not on whether or not the greeks deserve to have social security , the debate is whose to blame for the current financial crisis . 
  you 'll be hard pressed to find a sizable portion on this sub who think that the greeks should n't have social security as a principle in and of itself . 
  exactly . 
  pro gay rights , anti racism , secular ( even anti religious at times ) , pro social security ( i 've never seen a single stalinist accustation ) . 
  yes , currently anti immigration and non solidarity with countries like greece , but on balance definitely center left . 
  open forums will not always result in the opinions you like . 
  the fact that there are right wing views just as there are left wing views on one of the major subreddits should n't scare you . 
  / r/europe is still largely left wing , it just is n't exlusively left wing anymore . 
  consider yourself informed , do n't be scard by it . 
  ever been to / r/european ? 
  it 's not your run of the mill right wing sub so to speak . 
  wait , did n't muslims become a majority in europe by 2050 ? 
  what happened to this ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59feidib87c is this the true ismalisation threat or more bullshit ? 
  truer words have never been spoken, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxyxlcy6wp8 probably the most iconic and well known war protest song in the netherlands, 
  he looks like a giant hamster, 
  do n't you dare touch my coffee, 
  the problem is that portugal and the netherlands have not fully legalized marijuana . 
  they have just decriminalized it . 
  when you fully legalize it you do something different . 
  you hand the product over to free market forces . 
  you hand it over to corporations who are incredibly interested in growing there costumer base and retain the ones that they have . 
  and have decades of experience in making both of these things happen . 
  every business wants its product to be addictive and a product that is inherently addictive is a fucking goldmine . 
  the tobacco and alcohol industry are some of the largest in the world and it is only recently that smoking is going out of fashion and only because of a lengthy , relentless , and super expensive anti smoking campaign . 
  alcoholism is still omni-present in europe , is a large problem in america and has absolutely destroyed multiple native american communities and cultures . 
  of course you shouldn \u00b4 t jail people because of drugs use but the idea that handing drugs to the free market will magicly decrease it 's use is absolutely ludicrous . 
  have fun in the caliphate, 
  are you saying that golden dawn stuff is upvoted a lot on here ? 
  we 're going to need a lot of silk though, 
  does the fact that i understand both french and german poorly even out to knowing one third language well ? 
  i have never shaved my armpit hair , nor do i know any man who does . 
  i 'm more interested in what 's going on with the bison in rollerskates . 
  i thought poland was like super catholic ? 
  but a military alliance with suffice in that case . 
  no need for a federal union . 
  how will an external threat lead to an european federation ? 
  how can anything be a crime in crimea ? 
  i thought that that was were crimes came from . 
  shht , do n't say his name !, 
  to be honest , that 's probably why japan thinks of you as weak , because in their history they remember you as strong . 
  and japan told us they 're very weak, 
  who views this guys as a hero ? 
  you just made that up . 
  that pretty dishonest . 
  go catholics , i guess . 
  that 's an awful lot of things to hang on the coat rack of '' lack of spirituality '' . 
  what do you mean when you say that europe lacks values ? 
  what does euthanasia , divorce , alcohol , and trying to to be inclusive have to do with , '' lack of spirituality '' ? 
  you ca n't think of the pros and cons of euthanasia when you are christian ? 
  you do n't drink alcohol as a christian ? 
  if you are spiritual , does this mean you do n't want to be inclusive ? 
  are n't we discussing multiculturalism right now ? 
  is n't it kind of creepy and weird to promote spirituality in service of nationalism ? 
  no idea why you get down voted , you are absolutely right . 
  the way the north and west of europe responded the moment when the refugee crisis hit was absolutely embarrassing and irresponsible . 
  holy shit you are paranoid . 
  get yourself checked . 
  well , one of these videos has a graphic illustration of maxima sucking the dicks of multiple men , and another has hans teeuwen pretending to fuck the former queen . 
  how are these soft staff ? 
  anyway . 
  you said the following  i 'll tell you this folks : if in the netherlands , you tell % 1 of these against the king , you will surely be taken to court and likely end up in the jail . 
  because a special law protects the royals which in not true , you can get a way with a lot of mockery against the royal family , despite the laws . 
  and even the few times people are prosecuted they usually get a fine , or are released shortly afterwards . 
  so what you said is plainly false , as is evident in everything we both linked . 
   i am merely pointing out to hypocrisy and double standards running around this discussion . 
  i did n't know that all the people who make fun of erdogan are supporters of l\u00e8se-majest\u00e9 law . 
  i must 've missed that . 
  jews where explicitly considered by the nazi 's to be a race that was biologically different from non jews . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrqkj6izine https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxdsp-opcyg again , https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgbdqi5ycqe for every example , many more where nothing happens . 
  how come you do not know this ?
