  i like the ukraine one the most, 
  the netherlands actually has nature !, 
  ( warning , cheesy trailer imminent ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_o99ss6k7ru, 
   why are we letting them in ? 
    because they have as much right to live here as anyone else . 
  and we do n't ( i hope ) discriminate because of religion . 
  not to sound nasty , but this is simply not the case . 
  people who are not citizens of england do not have the same right to live there as people who are . 
  this is simply a fact . 
  you do n't have the same right to live in japan as a japanese person does . 
  albert einstein, 
  also : ** la mort aux jus ** : just people who do n't like juice . 
  maybe they were in competition with a nearby village that produced apples ? 
  i agree , we should just send them more hugs and fruit baskets . 
  quick , write a touching song about peace and friendship !, 
  that 'll sure soften their hearts and make them like us . 
  so should we just get it over with and let one group annihilate the other ? 
  what did we do that we dropped so far ? 
  disaproval has doubled, 
  as a dutch person i don \u00b4 t like the politication of this matter . 
  it is obvious to everyone involved that this tragedy was caused by a mistake during a military operation . 
  i grief for all the people that have their lives lost during the crash . 
  i can not imagine what there last moments have been like . 
  likewise i feel for the surviving members of the families of the deceased ; their lives are probably in much distress as they try to figure out what happened to their loved ones and grief for them.llastly . 
  i share the grief for the people that have died during the resent ukrainian operations , both the ukranian soldiers as the eastern-ukranian civilians , as well as those who died during the israelite/palestinian operations . 
  no mater the political context , no person should lose their loved ones in the violence of war . 
  i do n't think there 's a reason to be offended , man . 
  i 'm sure he did n't say it to be offensive . 
  please do n't be discouraged to ask questions about culture in the future . 
  anyone who takes the time to learn about the world is awesome in my opinion . 
  have we looked at the same report-out ? 
  to me it seems they are dominated by anglosphere city subs , i only spotted a couple of european ones . 
  except for northern irelans , ofcourse , but , ya know , northern ireland . 
  as scapegoats , poles are such has-beens . 
  all i know is that it has a lot of casinos . 
  and i do n't like casinos, 
  i did not know this . 
  thank you . 
  the reason croatia is considered balkan is probably because of yugoslavia . 
  besides the pagan elements of easter and christmas , not really . 
  what evidence is there that easter fires are pre christian ? 
  i mean they are called easter fires after all, 
  i agree . 
  what does \u00b4 swedish way is best \u00b4 mean at the end of the sweden one ? 
  is every conversation in sweden a circlejerk about sweden ? 
  sounds like reddit . 
  reuters is considered a more reliable source then rt, 
  whats so bad about it ? 
  who do you speak for ? 
  in the netherlands the americans arent at all portrayed that negatively, 
  i remember them talking about it , but not being very judgemental about it . 
  just this sort of matter of a fact `` the a bomb ended the war '' thing . 
  ww2 class heavily focused on the fact that it was a horrible time to be alive , and what the occupation was generally like . 
  not so much on the battles, 
  damn you sweden for making room in your country for all those asylum seekers . 
  you horrible racists . 
  you should know better then to say that on reddit, 
  these are people who are frustrated about the fact that violence by minorities is under-reported . 
  you can disagree with that sentiment , but if you read `` all gypsies are awful and they deserve it '' into those statements you \u00b4 re acting a bit deluded in my opinion . 
  i do n't see any of that in this threat . 
  trying to explain the situation by looking at a broader social context does not mean that you do n't have any empathy . 
  i 'd like to point out that if this guy were telling these people that russia is behind it all and that all the rebels are imported russians you guys would be eating that shit up without questioning it . 
  that show is conceived by filthy westerners and i want nothing to do with it . 
  it 's a bunch of soft fascist propaganda . 
  to be clear . 
  the term holland is deemed wrong by people outside oh holland * except * when it is concerning football . 
  in that case the term holland is appropriate . 
  this has always been the case . 
  to be specific , you \u00b4 re confusing [ this guy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/william_the_silent ) with [ this guy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/william_iii_of_england ) . 
  easy mistake to make , though . 
  edit : can i ask you , by the way , how willem iii is viewed in ireland , and why ? 
  it would be an interesting contrast compared to how he is viewed here . 
  i get that you want two sassy ladies wrapped in bedsheets and an out-of-bed look in your coat of arms , but what with the flaming and spitting komodo dragon ? 
  is he trying to spit out the fire ? 
  hardly a symbol for a stalwart king . 
  well the question was who is your favourite monarch , which william of orange never was . 
  probably louis napol\u00e9on bonaparte , king of holland . 
  although he was appointed by his brother napoleon to be the king , he is really the only monarch i can think of who went out of his way to help the dutch people . 
  he forced his council of ministers to speak only dutch during meetings ( instead of french ) , and they had to renounce their french citizenships in order to be better servants to the netherlands . 
  he also personally oversaw a number of disasters that happened during that time . 
  at moments that french and dutch interested collided , louis always fought against his brother to defend the dutch . 
  for instance , napoleon wanted to force the netherlands to clear away the debt that france owed to the netherlands , which louis refused . 
  later , napoleon wanted louis to amass a conscription army from the netherlands to fuel his campaign in russia , which louis also refused . 
  after the last refusal napoleon forced louis to step down as king , and turned the netherlands into a province . 
  yeah , give me back the liberty of having to show my passport at the border !, 
  this is an open forum . 
  people are going to post what they want . 
  and unless you want to turn / r/europe into some kind of heavily moderated debate sub , there 's nothing really you can do about it . 
  just down vote and move on . 
  they probably just mean those eligible for voting , who i guess are automatically registered . 
  holy shit a luxembourger . 
  i thought you guys where a myth . 
  can i touch you ? 
  mellila has been a in spanish hands since the year 1500 . 
  most countries are younger than that, 
  these maps were extremely confusing, 
  as one of the richest countries in the world , there is no real need for norwegians to suddenly become staunch republicans as there is no real need for change, 
  actually , it \u00b4 s bird-mouth-animal, 
  those aren \u00b4 t men , those are wizards . 
  some context please ?
