   i look like a slav i did n't know slavs have specific look, 
  wait ... germans are not the 2nd nationality in switzerland ? 
  still better than `` romani empire '', 
   `` electoral action of poles in lithuania '' party went silent after they gathered their votes from polish and russian voters and that 's because the fear from the lithuanian government . 
  those parties that are strctly anti-establishment have backgrounds and reason . 
  polish people feel threatened , so they vote for them as a only way to maintain the freedom of speech and influence . 
  i think that poles would vote for regular lithuanian parties if not the government violations . 
   i would love to hear about this i think you know what are you saying  lithuanians doing something like this yes this is so `` nazi '' fully hitler much goebbels , many swasitkas but if you are giving me those argument i will response with the same [ 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyjpd_3qruq ) [ 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3jis-6kfg4 ) etc, 
  most of polish-lithuanian misconceptions were made in initiative of lithuanian government and then people ( people chose their government ) in a favor of russia . 
  in 2000-2005 nobody really cared of lithuania and even russsia . 
  we would have relations as good as with czech republic , but lithuanians ruined everything ( polish minority case , imagined hate , history manipulations and justifications , also the lithuanian nationalists , which in my opinion are even worse than russian one , they sympathize with nazis , which created bad image of lithuania in poland and ruined good relations between the countries and if lithuanians will not do something about the relations , some people will still live on hate in both side of the border , it ca n't be a one-side initiative . 
  there would n't be a wilno shitstom , if lithuanians would acknowledge and stop denying ponary massacre and expulsion of poles after they attacked city together with soviet union ( 1939 ) . 
  those are only historical facts . 
  every country acted imperialistic in interwar period , but poland did n't attack ukraine , belarus , lithuania , because those countries did n't exist then . 
  poland fought with czechoslovakia , germany and soviet russia . 
  then lithuania attacked us , wanting a city that had 90 % polish majority and had polish architecture , history , influence, 
  in polish latvia = \u0141otwa , because . . 
  i do n't know, 
  estonia , because eesti big . 
  i hope they will into nordic c :, 
  there are organized crime gangs from romania that are causing problems and bad image of romanians in european countries . 
  and i do n't think it 's case of romania = gypsy , but the crimes those gangs are commiting ( theft , burglary , human trafficing ) and we should n't say that all of those members are ethnically gypsy , they can be also a romanian national , or mixed one , they are both romanian citizens . 
  in media they are not presented as a `` gypsies '' , but as `` romanian citizens '' so it create very bad image of romanians as a nation of gypsies and stealers . 
  romanian government should also take action of decresing crime rate and punish adequately those who deserve it . 
  they think the same about us , like we do . 
  it is also bullshit here that `` i do n't like czechs , because they do n't like us '' , those stats are saying everything ( i hope ) . 
  in polish survey czechs , hungarians ( and most of nations that are south of us except romanians ) have the best results . 
  and upside down , 
  in one hand muslim ( they kill gays ) in other homogay gender . 
  i love you sweden !, 
  you so of fun, 
  the famous polish yin-yang, 
  did you hear about `` affiliate link '' ? 
  that is a union between two people . 
  it is a legalised form of union that has laws of marriage . 
  the marriage is an union between men and women , we ca n't say that gays or lesbians can marry , because this is against the logic and definition . 
  also it hurts in traditional or religious values of people ( mostly old ) . 
  do you understand the word `` marriage '' ? 
  i hope you do . 
  then think about it, 
  i hope our relations with russia will be better in the future . 
  as i said that 's not a huge lost . 
  those people would n't be a much of a benefit for slovakia if they would stay there ( i 'm assuming what would happen if poland and slovakia did n't join eu ) they would cost the state as a unemployed or a criminal or benefit a little to nothing as a cheap worker mostly in non-slovakian factory . 
  and the argument of a young generation fleeing in masses does n't say much . 
  talented and prosperous individuals benefit the country more than thousands of low skilled workers . 
  that 's why we should focus on supporting those industrious people and give them opportunities to develop an innovative economy . 
  i 'd like to say that this is not completely true . 
  poland after 2004 lost many people , but they were mostly low skilled manual workers that were unemployed and were draining the budget ( remember poland experienced huge increase in unemployment from 2000 in 2003 we had 20 % unemployment ) so are the people who come to poland . 
  ukrainians , belarusians are n't doctors or engineers . 
  they are manual workers , cleaners that benefit little to the economy as the poles who left . 
  i 'm just glad they do n't leech of the system like the middle easterners do . 
  of course east europe should work together . 
  just because i oppose your batant nationalist lies makes me a polish nationalist ? 
  if that is what you mean then i 'm proud to be polish nationalist . 
  i suggest you stop making conclusions out of your `` impressions '', 
  when i said europe is getting weak because of democracy ? 
  citate me please . 
  that 's an attidute of most europeans . 
  that 's why this continent is getting less powerful each year . 
  even if our goverment was undemocratic ( which is a reality only in imagined world of some people in this sub ) i still prefer wealth over democracy . 
  i prefer development over stagnation and mess , but with a feeling that people are responsible for that . 
  i 'd even accept some harsh law if they would really be benefitial for the long run . 
  the problem is the law and justice is strictly pro-democratic and populist . 
  they would rather do n't want to implement any rules that are unpopular but benefitial in a long run , rather than playing a `` good angel '' party that helps everyone like a superman . 
  that 's how they are . 
  their welfare projects will boost gdp for sure . 
  but i ca n't predict how much and how long . 
   yes . 
  if he does n't get a paper from the parliament , he ca n't create laws or pass budgets he can veto any paper that he think is hurtful for the country , therefore has an impact on the country and economy . 
   and the president ca n't do shit when it comes to the economy  he signs papers . 
  did you really read yourself ? 
  the armchair economists on the rise !, 
  christmas do n't have anything common with growth . 
  multiple examples showed different gdp growth in quarters and it 's not related to any christmas . 
  you 're really bad in math it seems year had 12 months divided by 4 quarters which gives 3 months for each quarter . 
  pis started ruling since october 2015 and the president was in full power since the august 2015 . 
  how is that `` less than half '' of quarter ? 
  and do n't play a smart-ass . 
  just explain me what kind of mayan math did you use for saying that ? 
  i 'm just curious . 
  start with insults 2 . 
  complain about insulting double-standard check !, 
  ca n't you read ? 
  3,8 % growth in q4, 
  you really need to take some pills . 
   i have nothing in common with po i used the same manipulation as you towards me . 
  now you know how it feels . 
  now go back to school , kiddo . 
  i 'm not a pis propagandist . 
  i 'm just about your po retardation and spamming the internet in hope of gathering attention that your corrupt party lost an election and they are starting to remove the po affiliates from the states positions and you are unhappy about that . 
  not here m8 . 
  this is because our authoritarian and undemocratic party is destroying poland !, 
  i believe czech used formerly the german ( standard ) words for months . 
  then after a national revival in xix century started to de-germanize the language and borrowed many words from polish . 
  at least what wikipedia says . 
  i could understand that names without translation . 
  damn those baltic languages are so similar . 
  the city center of warsaw is not where the skyscrapers are . 
  it the new city centre . 
  and how location is connected to the fact that they exist ?
