   military commanders directed from poland ? 
  they actually were . 
  they were loyal to polish kingdom . 
   rest is also false i 'm just too lazy to find sources for you . 
  i see . 
  you 're too lazy too read to and you 're giving me a wikipedia articles as a indicator of entire history ( and not manipulative ) and you 're probably too lazy to read too . 
  union of krewo was signed 200 years before union of lublin . 
   if it had its own administration , military commanders etc. 
  all polish and directed from poland . 
  and what do you mean by administration ? 
  poland was divided into many voivodeship that had it 's own administration . 
  this is exactly what i expected . 
  brainwashed people . 
  i 'd only want t remind you that you wo n't change history . 
  no matter what you want or wish . 
  if just historical facts does n't apply to you and you react by laugh ( because that 's the only response when you have nothing to say , because you have no argument to oppose ) yet you ca n't accept it , it makes it clear that conversation is pointless . 
  have a good day . 
  basically what you just describe is a country that was legitimate for 100 years . 
  grand duchy of lithuania was made when the local duchies of kievan rus , which were destroyed by mongols had an opportunity to re-unite since it was partioned into pack of little duchies . 
  it was n't a baltic tribe that conquered it , gdl was slowly transforming itself into a country when mongol invasions stopped . 
  it was ruled by dukes that had questionable nationality . 
  but let 's assume your vision that baltic tribes conquered big portion of much more developed and christianized rus . 
  it still does n't mean much . 
  because even if lithuania was dominated by balts it would last only 100 years to be dominated by ruthenians ( russians ) and after union of krewo it was completely dominated by poland and in consitution was written clear that lithuania is part of poland . 
  either way lithuania was more or less considered as a region not a state . 
  and many poles were regional patriots and were loyal to poland . 
  i 'll give you an example of mickiewicz 's `` oh , lithuania , my fatherland '' where he wrote that 1 . in polish 2 . 
  about lands that are now in belarus and used to be polish . 
  wilno was n't made of 100 % lithuanian ellites to be classified as city of polonized lithuanians as your government spread that propaganda seen to this day . 
  poles in wilno were living since foundation of the city and has always been majority and developer of the city ( majors , constructors , etc. 
  were all polish ) and there was no lithuanians in there . 
  if we count lingual statistics more people were speaking polish than feeling polish that 's because of the jewish minority which spoke mainly polish . 
  and yes more people felt lithuanian than spoke lithuanian but the number of ethnic lithuanians speaking polish vs ethnic lithuanians speaking lithuanian was roughly 0,5 % difference . 
  which is nothing . 
  majority of poles were polish and were no way polonized lithuanians . 
  they did n't feel lithuanian or wanted to be part of lithuania . 
  as i said uder polish rule lithuanian ellites polonized themselves , but ellites were only a small percent of population . 
  i hope you understand how dumb that state was . 
  during the commonwealth there was a duchy called a duchy of samogitia which was actually what lithuania is now . 
  fake history is what rotting the countries especially new countries who need to steal history from others to feel proud or making up it compeletely . 
  however i disagree with the statement that schools teaches national mythology instead of real history . 
  i learned in my school ( it was quite some time ago ) from the beginning of humanity to modern times . 
  the history lessons did n't mention much of my country , though focused on him in various toppics . 
  i also doubt kids in germany learn about great germania . 
  poles are pacifist 2 . 
  poles do n't want poor region that would need horrendous amount of money we would spend on development , we have our regions to take care of 3 . 
  apart from nostalgia and cultural ties that region is full of ukrainians and poles remembering volhynia massacre would n't want to live nearby them 4 . 
  though many people would want to see lw\u00f3w back which was an important polish city , few of them would love to be extra-taxated and took responsibility in getting rid of corruption 5 . 
  i doubt ukraine would want to be part of poland , but i heard some ukrainians `` begging '' to be part of poland , 
  he still win every election, 
  polish are n't so keen on annexing ukraine though . 
  i love ftaecscrbmian girls . 
  i think the ftaecscrbm is a great place to visit and ftaecscrbmian beer is very cheap . 
  erdogan still wins in polls and majority of turks praise him , there mst be some reason why they likes him . 
  lehistan is turkish . 
  lechia is latin, 
   from a political aspect , literally all the neighbouring countries hate us they did n't hate you before ? 
  i mean historically turkey was n't the best neighbour ever . 
  was turkey ever friendly towards it 's neighbours ? 
   wow . 
  you know nothing about my country . 
  if you honestly think turkey is anything similar today than it was a decade ago from the aspect of freedom turkey was on the bottom of the freedom of press for a long time before erdogan . 
  i 'm not saying erdogan changed everying into better , but it 's not like turkey was a freedom land before evil blood-sucking erdogan came to destroy turkey . 
  poland as a lechia, 
  in 2000-2002 turkey had economic crisis like brazil now . 
  in 2003 erdogan reformed turkey and it went into a fast recover . 
  i actually remember times where turks praised him because of that . 
  turkey without him would look much worse today . 
  it 's not like turkey had much of freedom before , so there is no big difference . 
  but you 're probably aware of that pre-erdogan turkey was a pretty much a shithole with economy worse than greece now . 
  erdogan created an economic miracle in turkey . 
  do you prefer pre-erdogan turkey ? 
  history is history , now is now . 
  romania is separated from poland by 2 countries . 
  ukraine does n't count because : 1 . 
  it 's not in the eu , you need visa and other documents to just enter the country 2 . 
  roads are too terrible to even drive through . 
  my great grandfather was born in \u015aniatyn close to romania in 1920 that 's now ukraine . 
  he was forced to move in 1946 . 
  well that was sarcastic ofc . 
  from what i heard from german politicians and / r/europe and / r/germany is that i live in a totalitarian fascist dictatorship without freedom of speech especially after 25 october , before that everything was apparently ok . 
  so , please better look up on yourself twice ( or better more ) before any of you will accusing other countries of being fascist . 
  because in that situation it sounds rather funnily . 
   we 're almost neighbors 2 countries between, 
  when germany will learn what freedom of speech and human rights mean ? 
  no , it 's not stupid . 
  nobody knows that before they read the ethymology . 
  estonia is one of the highest ( if not highest ) beneficiant of eu money per capita . 
  i love you romania, 
  in 16th and 17th century everyone spoke german except very few peasants that spoke some version of czech that was very unfamiliar with modern czech and very germanized . 
  in xviii-xix century czech intelectualists started a national revival and popularized czech language countrywide giving it it 's written form ( first in polish then in original czech ) and changed germanized words to archaic czech , artificial or taken from polish ( since it was a main source of words and it was a very popular language in central and eastern europe before partitions ) hence the `` cz `` ech republic , not tscheck ( as it would be normally spread by german ) czech of course used to be a language like polish in early medievals . 
  but czechs lost their language since most of history czechs never had a state and were dominated by germans . 
  old czech script is based on polish though . 
  like entire czech language which is pretty much new and made-up . 
  it will end up on nothing . 
  eu ca n't do anything . 
  even in the worst scenario of poland being sanctioned other eu countries will block any possible sanctions . 
  pis ai n't going to do what they want . 
  they are too arrogant and powerful . 
  1 . nope 2 . nope eu will remain what is now .
