  this is a very nice surprise, 
   what authoritarian means then ? 
  you are confusing authoritarian sytsem with totalitarian dictatorship . 
  authoritarian is the system which can be related to democracy , the leader has many rights , but ca n't do whatever he want . 
   only because the singaporean government right now doesnt nationalize private properties doesnt mean it never will . 
  if singapore was democratic then government also could privatize properties ... in fact in both systems private property is a private property untouched by the government . 
  that 's the singaporean law . 
  i 'm not angry . 
  actually you fit to themselves ;p, 
  lithuania - northern romania ? 
   heh , thats pretty ironic if you are talking about a authotarian government since they take all the rights they want . 
  you know nothing . 
  you should read about singaporean system and laws . 
   turning private property into national is exactlly what nationalizing is about singapore is not communist country . 
  they ca n't nationalize private properties, 
   50 % of the population of your country doesnt vote they also dont give a fuck about democracy and their freedom 50 % have their own interests , and some do n't vote just because there is n't anyone which would be competent . 
  and that 's also shadow of democracy , democracy does n't force to vote , they can do it or not , that 's their chose . 
   with an democracy you can decide what policies there are me personally not , just most of the people which would just vote because of slogans or bilboard , not the political program ( which is very similar to each other ) that 's shadow of democracy . 
  they can chose legally bad ruler . 
   authoritarian government like singapore could always suddenly decide to nationalize private companies that 's impossible . 
  many companies in singapore are foreign , just they have headquarters there and secondly thats their private property . 
  government doe n't have right to do that . 
  i think you did n't understand the statement . 
  i 'm saying that democracy is n't always the best thing ever and there are countries without democracy which are better than the countries with for instance singapore . 
  secondly people love social care and they wo n't vote for libertarians . 
  if singapore was democratic it would never be as rich as is now . 
  i 'm not saying that authoritarism is always good , but it can be . 
  you said that you would rather have democratic freedom instead of economic growth . 
  i 'm thinking otherwise . 
  at least 50 % do n't want to have anything common with politics , many people do n't vote ( i 'm saying that about my country ), 
  ukraine is an democratic country . 
  singapore is not . 
  that 's all . 
  i do n't know what are you referring to . 
  ukraine is still much more democratic than singapore which is authoritaric . 
  living standards differerence is noticeable . 
  economic freedom without democracy is better than having democracy without economic freedom . 
  because not everyone gives a shit about politics , but everyone wants to change their lifes better by themselves , and economic freedom helps them . 
   id rather have a pm that cares about freedom and democratic rights . 
  so you would rather live in ukraine than singapore ? 
  recent statistics about economy 's growth and the situation of industry . 
  i wont give you links , because that 's all in polish ... 
  hungary 's economic growth and instustry is doing extremely well compared to other european countries . 
  and national debts is consequently dropping . 
  their situation is not that bad at all . 
  i 'd love to have such prime minister , who cares about country 's industry . 
  hungary is now fast developing country thanks to orban 's reforms . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  spasiba mr. straight cat, 
  khohol is an ukrainian ? 
  in polish we say chach\u0142e, 
  yeah , because i did n't read the joke above . 
  that 's my fault . 
  i wanted to be first :( but here you have joke about danmag . 
  what is more lethal weapon denmark export ? 
  the lego !, 
  ups . 
  i did n't read that . 
   thanks !, 
  check out other jokes, 
  they looks very good . 
  that would be probably the best looking eurocoins . 
  i wonder how the polish one would look like ( i know we never into euro :d ), 
   ` liberty , unity , prosperity ' i do n't know lithuanian but i understood `` laisv\u0117 '' as freedom . 
  that was close, 
  ** we have quite a lot of them ** about germany : nazi-jokes , hitler-jokes , ugly-women-jokes - where is germany ? 
  - near stalingrad !, 
  - what are tourist attractions of germany ? 
  - your grandma 's paintings !, 
  - what 's the difference between german woman and a cow ? 
  - the earrings !, 
  we have also joke about austrians - austria . 
  a beautiful alpine country known for adolf hitler and joseph fritzl ( and now conchita wurst ) about ukrainians ( preety offensive ) natasha , natasha 5 euro i budet nasha ( in ukrainian : natasha , 5 euro and you will be ours ) joke about ukrainian women being ( very cheap ) prostitutes in polish roads . 
  about russians : well ... 
  so many of them ( mostly about alcoholism and stupidity ) and also shitloads of joke ( pole , russian and german ... somewhere ), 
  come to germany . 
  your grandparents property is already there . 
  [ here ] ( https://translate.google.pl/translate?sl=pl&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=pl&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2ftvnwarszawa.tvn24.pl%2finformacje%2cnews%2cmarsz-przeciwko-terroryzmowi-br-idzie-ulicami-stolicy%2c128910.html&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url&amp;authuser=0 ) is translated version , but video does n't work . 
  those mountains are so beautiful . 
  so `` i will kill your 3 children , because you killed my mother '' is good and fully understandable for you ? 
  now you really went full retard . 
  you ca n't read properly . 
  read the title again . 
  is there something written that before that it was legal ? 
  read this again . 
  i do n't want to discuss about that , because this seems unproductive . 
  the fact that lithuania is violating human rights is also `` misleading '' , because it 's everything ok ? 
  really . 
  all normal eu countries have law protecting the local minorities . 
  especially children, 
  in ukraine everything is possible, 
  my country was n't surprising at all . 
  i expected larger orange bar . 
  [ here ] ( https://translate.google.pl/translate?hl=pl&amp;sl=ru&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fpolitikus.ru%2fevents%2f24650-mnenie-polsha-zameshana-v-katastrofe-malaziyskogo-boinga.html ), 
  why ca n't you protect themselves and discriminate minority of a nation who protects you and still protects even if majority of us do n't want it ? 
  great logic !, 
   you should stop believing your media 's propaganda . 
  in some cases it is as blatant as the russian one where did you find our media blatant and like russian ? 
  because poles often find your media and your whole country very russian-ish in terms of propaganda and respecting human rights . 
  many of us still thinks you 're not really true european and those action against poles in their own land wo n't make it changed .
