  for example the shopping discounts , hipermarkets ( tesco etc. 
  ) , but hopefully it is yet to be changed . 
  either tesco will close their shops in poland ( they are planning to do so ) or they will be taxated , by regulations our new government is planning to introduce . 
   britain can get immigration from all over the world it is n't reliant on easter europeans , it just has to accept them first half of this is true . 
  second not so much . 
  britain does n't `` has to accept '' , but in fact accept it very much and those people were warmly welcomed in job market and quickly employed by `` hungry '' companies '' if britain has immigration from all over the world ( it 's true , but not in a large scale ) why those people were so needed in uk 's economy ? 
  and do n't doubt fact that that type of workforce was needed and it is still needed for uk economy and budget ( those people contributed enormous money to uk though taxes ) . 
   leaving the eu to some will enable them to stop future immigration not deport immigrants . 
  if britain leave eu , please leave also your tax evading companies from europe . 
  that would also be fine . 
   how did the standard of living develop since you joined the eu our standards of living have grown , but has nothing to do with eu . 
  in fact our living standards were going up higher before we was part of eu , same as gdp to be honest . 
  how did the standard of living in greece delevlop since they joined eu and eurozone , if i may ask ? 
   wow , it always amazes me how delusional some of you guys are . 
  i 'm not the one delusional here . 
  and please stop insulting me . 
  read my other comments i do n't want to close borders now . 
  i think it 's too late now . 
  actually i think poland should never ( or at least not in 2004 ) join the eu . 
  the money that were lost due to that were so big . 
  also i heard some uk 's politicians who were complaining about immigration from poland , czechia and other countries ? 
  seriously ? 
  that migration that boosted ( nearly doubled ) uk 's economic growth , boosted production and consumption were problem ? 
  so if uk really want to deport them , do it now !, 
  we would like some workers in productive age working on our gdp ( as is was normal in poland before 2004 ), 
  uk 's educated people are educated by their own money educated poles were financed by the sate . 
  do you see the difference ? 
  also if not eu poles would never migrate to the uk ( or at least not in that numbers ), 
  no , it should n't ever be in eu . 
  or at least not since 2004 . 
  uk 's fault is saying eu caused everything what 's bad in this country , but in fact without eu uk would n't be able of stealing money through tax evasion and using more efficient and cheap workforce for their own . 
   this is one of the reasons so many british people want to leave the eu actually a great idea . 
  leave eu to make yourself poorer and your gdp lower . 
  / s from my perspective though , poland should never join the eu , now it 's too late and we should stay . 
  i predicted this picture will be here . 
  ^ ^ ^ ( not ^ ^ so ) fun fact : the air pollution in krak\u00f3w today is so big , it reached the beijing 's level . 
   i could argue that poland is a much bigger beneficiary with regards to the eu you can argue , however reality seems different . 
  the money uk drains from poland , czechia etc. 
  is lot bigger than it actually pays through eu budget . 
   complaining about specialists moving away is absurd actually it 's a big issue , not an absurd . 
  teaching specialists who move to another country is equal of burining a billions from taxpayers money or giving them to another coutry . 
  to be more precise poland never experiences such big brain drain since ever . 
  the countries who want to preserve and build gdp with their skilled workforce must have a sane movement policy , just like korea did and china has now . 
   what ? 
  freedom of movement allowed this actually eu allowed this imposing the free movement and job market . 
  before eu the migration to uk was marginal and poles who lived there were an actual minority ( either war victims , or people who fled from political repression ) p.s. 
  i 'm not here to discuss about free movement , but rather i want to remind you that uk is one of the beneficients of eu . 
  but some countries are bigger beneficients ( like germany or luxembourg ), 
  please . . 
  i thought that was obvious . 
  britain as a part of eu had large opportunities of economical colonization of newest eu members . 
  the money that is actually drained from those countries by british companies who evade to pay taxes and transfer money back home is astonishing ( billions every year ) ruining the local smaller companies in the new eu members who are obliged to pay taxes . 
  britain also drained eu countries from their workers who came to uk and build their gdp with a more efficient and cheaper workfore , that could stay in home if not the eu . 
  britain also stole the east eu 's educated specialists who were educated for free by polish taxpayers money and come to uk with education . 
  this is so called modern expoitation . 
  if britain was n't a eu member , it would be singnifically poorer . 
  for many reasons i think that joining eu was a failed idea . 
  we pump our money to the countries where it should n't go . 
  this is kinda ironic since the uk is probably the biggest beneficient of being part of eu . 
  god is a serb . 
  that 's why eu should stay in the uk !, 
  cental europe is where poland , czech republic and slovakia is . 
  learn how to read , then comment . 
  you are bad in both history and geography . 
  i see you are very bad at geography, 
  warsaw , wroc\u0142aw , tricity , lublin - here you can find many ukrainians . 
  germany and austria are n't in central europe . 
  they are in western europe . 
  `` we are so eurosceptic '', 
  not that visible as before . 
  cisza wyborcza is generally a failed idea . 
  japan once invested in eastern japan ... pearu harboru neveru forget . 
  economic growth was lowest in central and eastern europe ( despite potentials ) economical freedom was dropping year by year reaching a mexico-like freedom in 2007 until po got power and revised that . 
  infrastructure in the country was also horrible and did n't change through those times . 
  kaczy\u0144ski also banned in vitro and aborition . 
  litterally one of worst parties in power in poland since 1989 and it going to get power once again . 
  i 'm so depressed . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  pis was a disaster for poland and everybody hated them back then and now suddenly people forgot about this and they will be elected once more . 
  they ruled 2005-2007 and all they did was destruction . 
  bad times for poland are comming . 
  pis will make poland a second greece , unfortunately . 
  polls shows that people prefer demagogy , than rational governance . 
  kukiz 's main target are young uneducated and primitive people who believes in demagogy and propaganda he serves . 
  so cute  poland can into mars ( maybe some day ), 
  like , where ? 
  apple products . 
  they cost 30 % or more than in the us . 
  that 's why you wo n't see many people in poland using iphones , because they have other cheaper options ( samsung etc. ), 
  otherwise poland is actually very cheap when it comes to food prices and housing prices . 
   without russians living there estonia would only have european dna . 
  you finland and your southern poorer version of you ( estonia ) have both mongol non-european dna . 
  why do you think they have european dna ? 
  or other question , why do you think estonians are more european than russians ? 
  which imply what i said . 
  no , commonwealth was n't a republic . 
  res publica meant traditionally before republics came into existence . 
  rzeczpospolita is originally used only for poland and it means commonwealth . 
  republika means republic . 
  rzeczpospolita means commonwealth .
