  reality means mostly that they just want to get benefits , sometimes job . 
  norway is an independent , rational thinking country that protects their own people from dangers . 
  they can do what they think it 's the best for norway . 
  spending fortune on them is n't the best option . 
  australia solved this problem . 
  you imagine too much . 
  in reality the city would look no different , or worse than it is now . 
  i do n't care if eritrea ranks in similar to north korea . 
  you know ? 
  eritrea is not north korea and most of people are n't persectued at least until they do n't start to act against the government , also the difference between two countries are still huge . 
  still norway should n't take african refugees from obvious reasons i mentioned . 
   well , after all wroc\u0142aw is basically the city lw\u00f3w was moved to after the war . 
  wow after 20 years of constant debunking of this stereotype there are still people who repeats that . 
  votes from polish prisons 82 % bronis\u0142aw komorowski , 14 % andrzej duda well ... you decide, 
   they have an obligation to avoid helping brutal regimes to execute people . 
  no , they do n't have . 
  it 's their country . 
  most of `` refugees '' are n't qualified to be a real refugee or political victims . 
  most of them are just people who find their opportunities in europe , mostly those most generous welfare states to suck their money . 
  also it 's laughable to compare eritrea to north korea . 
  north korea has closed borders , people who escape this country are true lucky people . 
  they need to have an opportunity to work , but not claim benefits . 
  also the number of nk refugees is very very small , while the african refugees is a true plague , most of them are not persectued at all , they move easily from one country to another without army on borders . 
  the look up to find a possiblity to claim benefits and live on taxpayers money . 
  countries like austria have solved this problem . 
  norway as an independent state has full law to send them home . 
  i fully respect it . 
  well there is interesting story . 
  in 2002-3 there was a strong scepticism towards entering eu , some politicians did n't want to join eu , because as they said `` germans will buy us '' well ... after 10 years we see it 's completely different . 
  poles buy properties and farmlands in germany in a big scale . 
  why ? 
  the prices . 
  property prices decay towns and villages in eastern germany were laughably cheap and close to borders with poland , they bought and renovated them . 
  people who work and buy in szczecin live in germany . 
  norwegians have no obligation to pay for refugees . 
  what you showed is a new centre of warsaw , the old centre has many old-fashioned buildings , they are not really `` old '' but rebuild in style, 
  nevada does n't give a fuck about vietnam . 
  `` i think that jpaolo might be an anti-american '', 
  well in reality there is no such thing as being `` cultured '' . 
  america already has developed their own culture , different than ours , we can debate which is better , for many european means classical music , charmful cities , polite and gentle people , while american means mega-cities , celebrities , pop-stars , fast-food , super bowl ( we do n't give a single fuck about this , i did n't even know about this before ) guns , racism , brutal police etc. 
  architecture . 
  no better architecture , than european architecture . 
  no skyscrapers can outmatch the beauty of classic , neoclassicist , dutch and medieval architecture of our cities , who give them charm and invites people to live there . 
  what caused the 1996 recession ? 
  i heard that romanians call 90 's a `` lost decade '' well the graph shows that . 
  i thought finland was a poor country in interbellum . 
  that gdp actually surprised me . 
  her accent ... so polish . 
  she is even cute . 
  the most amazing was actually that polish girl who could n't even speak english :d, 
   well with all due respect i think the discussion should stop now . 
  that 's perfect word . 
   sure . 
  it 's what they teach at universities . 
  well , maybe in ukraine, 
  hitler , josef fritzl , conchita wurst - welcome to austria !, 
   well i need to seriously laugh now because you seems to not understand at all all the thing i wrote . 
  well , it happened to be you to do n't even know what are you writing . 
   ppp gdp per capita is the closest measure of the `` real '' salary that people get people paid . 
  i wo n't comment that . 
  it 's too stupid . 
  it 's not even funny . 
  well you do n't understand basic economics , so i ca n't discuss with you normally . 
  i had a hope that you know what is gdp and what is minimal and average wage . 
  it happened to be something different , so the rest i shall do n't comment . 
  and this pathetic link again . 
  well talking to you is like talking to a wall , people explaining , but they receive the same . 
  you 're nationality probably have to do with that . 
  it 's actually surprising to an adult ( i 'm assuming you 're an adult ) to say that 4 % is actually higher than 30 % . 
  wow, 
  you 're too dumb to get some facts and now you 're trying to personally insult me pointing at my typo ? 
  well one letter . 
  i can surely say that my english is way better than yours though it 's not the shakespire 's one . 
  or maybe you have some problems with readings . 
  that 's more putative , due to fact that you ca n't read statistics . 
  well done !, 
  you still did not prove that wages in ukraine are only 3 times lower than in poland . 
  where are those stats ? 
  i can actualize the data , but the overall comparsion would even bigger and that 's not what you 're trying to convice me to . 
   what difference does the minimum wage make , when everybody gets paid more than that ? 
  you 're probably joking . 
  many people are working on the minimum wage in usa , uk , poland and now in germany , also in ukraine and do n't say it is n't because i know the situation there . 
   you still have n't explained where you got the number for ukraine . 
  i got the number from the map you posted as you probably could notice . 
  if i 'd actualize data then the minimal/average wage of ukraine would be probably even lower , due to fact that hrivnia is now a toilet paper currency and it 's constantly going down and in 2015 ukraine economy went down by 17 % !, 
  it ca n't `` boost '' the national so the comparsion is n't adequate i think , the difference is actually higher . 
  do n't forget ukraine has 40 % infation , the prices are going up , so the well-being as you call now is even lower . 
   minimum wage is a legally set limit that does not reflect the level of income . 
  you do n't know what are you even talking about . 
  minimal wage is to protect people from being underpaid , but it ca n't be too high . 
  germany does n't have 0 minimal wage it is actually 8,5 euro/h you do n't even know what are you talking about  i do n't know where you get that number for ukraine , and the polish number seems higher than it should be are you questioning the official statistics ? 
  the map is trurly outdated . 
  now wages went up and our currency is more expensive , then our wage is now nearly 1000 euro , which might be lower in 2016 due to fact that z\u0142oty might get weaker to euro ( it 's possible , but it is not predicted ) i 'm actually surprised how people can struggle living for 50 euro per month it is unbelivable . 
  3rd world living conditions . 
  average wage of poland http://stat.gov.pl/sygnalne/komunikaty-i-obwieszczenia/18,2015,kategoria.html - 4045,89 z\u0142 ( 2015 ) average wage of ukraine 2957,32 hrivnia - 119 euro , roughly 9-10x lower than in poland . 
  minimal wage is significant way of defining life standards of lowest paid workers . 
  which is why big portion of people earns 9 times less than in pl and 18x less than average polish wage . 
  well not lets compare for example minimum wage is 1218 hrivnas which for this time is 200 z\u0142 ( nearly ) in poland minimum wage is 1800 z\u0142 which is 9 times higher than ukrainian . 
  average wage in ukraine is 2957,32 hrivnas which is 487,66 z\u0142 in poland 4054,89 z\u0142 which is roughly 9-10 times higher, 
  yes food is now probably 3-4 times cheaper in ukraine , but overall poles earn 10 times as average ukrainians .
