   in what world do you live ? 
  probably polandball . 
  what i noticed was that germans love to joke about killing jews, 
  ireland is passe . 
  norway is now popular . 
  i would gladly steal their oil jobs . 
  can somebody tell me how it is measured ? 
  i see it is very dragged down by eurostat . 
  polish official statistics shows that we have 12 % of unemployment . 
  how they can into names of various potatoes , if there is no potato , only hallucinations ? 
  too irrelevant . 
  we had plans to buy madagascar from france . 
  the right wing wanted to create a jewish state there . 
  unfortunately war happened . 
  there is no madarsrael . 
  belgians are blamed , because they did a massacres on a large scales , but other countries did them too . 
  they are just not mentioned , like germany , what they did in africa is nothing compared to ww2 , so people do n't blame them for that . 
  i somehow wonder how polish colonialism would work ... 
  spreading catholicism and declaring jan pawe\u0142 ii as a king and savior of africa ? 
  it 's going to piss off russia so much ... 
  i love it !, 
  yay duchy of warsaw . 
  sadly napoleon could n't conquer russia ... 
  the only good part of this video was looking on the beautiful prague . 
   the piast princes settled a significant number of german settlers in the cities of silesia including breslau thats why all silesian principalities to the xix were governed by poles . 
  piast dynasty never settled germans in silesia , they went there much later, 
  conservative usually means more patriotic , and so the willigness to die for the country . 
  i ca n't find a map showing who is more patriotic , but i can conclude it . 
  what i said is a additional info denying your superiority towards eastern poland . 
  that 's not pb, 
  i think border changes were profitable in a long run for poland . 
  basically we lost territories with ethnic minorities , our borders went more `` normal '' i mean that the shape of poland is better for the economy , defense etc. 
  what i do n't understand is your denial of piast poland . 
  it was fact . 
  wroc\u0142aw were ruled by czechs , poles , silesian principalities ( even during hapsburg empire ) then was conquered by prussia who formed germany in 1841 ... etc. 
  it 's polish now and get over it . 
  those lands were parts of poland during piast dynasty ? 
  yes . 
  so what 's your problem ? 
  what 's the reason you are responding ? 
  that 's very very untrue . 
  since szczecin was really founded by poland . 
  wroc\u0142aw is german since 1841 to 1945 so saying that it 's historically german is also not true . 
  i think you are missing yourself in what you are saying . 
  hmmm maybe jpaolo has an inspiration of antother comic of terrible and horrible eastern polan ; , 
  i do n't understand you . 
  `` polishness '' theory comes right from the history knowledge . 
  po is not really a liberal party . 
  they call themselves liberal , but it has nothing to do with real liberalism . 
  so poles want to defend rzeczpospolitas lands , instead of piast poland . 
  pomorskie has lots of kashubians , which are very conservative people . 
  they vote po , because that party originated in pomerania . 
  well maybe both . 
  poland b also obtained better results on tests of knowledge and maths ( overall better marks at education , look up on the matura exams from the last 5 years ) also poland b has less crimes . 
  it 's all from the stats . 
  poland a and poland b poland a - more liberal in ideological issues poland b - more conservative , patriotic etc. 
  we still use this symbol . 
  after checking yes , i wrote it from my memory , 
  stromarkstilden ? 
  our `` commonwealth '' looks pretty abysmal comared to yours . 
  and apparently estonia and latvia can into nordic, 
  there was no polonization policy . 
  i do n't know who can lie so much . 
   because you do n't like the data it must be wrong . 
  nope , becuase map that was made in xix century reprsenting languages in xvi century can not be true , because it has no sources to be made of with . 
  rest i shall not comment, 
  it 's actually much worse . 
  the map is really wrong and does n't represent anything and have no sources , logical explanation . 
  was made probably in xxi century , so i do n't trust it . 
  seconly what you gave me is a lithuanian wikipedia , i do n't understand it . 
  and i doubt it mentions about using of lithuanian name of that city . 
  basically lithuanian names borrowed much from polish . 
  names karaliaucius and kr\u00f3lewiec are basically the same , though the kr\u00f3lewiec is older, 
  it 's just copycat of polish `` kr\u00f3lewiec '' basically the same meaning , though the name was introduced in lithuanian in xix , while polish almost 600 or 700 years . 
  since there was no written form of todays lithuanian in polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  most of people in former grand duchy of lithuania used polish . 
  that 's for someone who is interested in history . 
  it sounds like mixture of german and french, 
   ronald reagan well he helped a lot with destruction of communism and soviet authorities . 
  although he might not be liked by everyone , but i think it 's the same with lech kaczy\u0144ski streets in georgia . 
  not many people liked kaczy\u0144ski when he was a president , in georgia he 's like national hero . 
   why not central square of lech walesa ? 
  because we have tones of it . 
  like l.w. 
  airport . 
  and do n't forget about john paul ii street/square/roundabout . 
  in warsaw specifically there is lots of streets with foreign heroes who had influence on poland for example napoleon , de gaulle , wilson , hoover etc. 
   wtf ideal reaction for polish people 's republic . 
  ; _ ; how could that happen ? 
  well after watching [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezxm9jkukbo ) i do n't know what to say, 
  there are also jewish neo-nazi . 
  still ... our government < shit, 
  yurop not stronk ; _ ; we are slowly dying . 
  where do you live ? 
  unfortunately clowds , clowds in my region, 
  is of cansur, 
  swiss unclog toilets for liechtensteiners . 
  those impoverished bastards hahaha . 
  yes , exactly . 
  ukrainian is far more like russian instead polish .
