  i swear it will work !, 
  first off re-annexed because that was original parts of poland for ages . 
  secondly most germans in poland were living there illegally after property being taken from the polish owners during nazi occupation ( approx 4-5 million germans were living as a result of lebensraum ethnic cleansing ) . 
  most germans living in the ethnic german regions fled them before and suring the soviet invasion . 
  they fled by themselves , i do n't think i see the problem in that . 
  after all it 's still better than ruining the country and killing 20 % of it 's citizens forcing people to struggle living in soviet occupation . 
  germany has also no rights or moral reason to ever demand the lands back . 
  after all it 's all part of schengen area . 
  so i do n't think germany has a lot to think about poland . 
  since all possible claims were historically always ridiculed by others, 
  i do n't think poland invaded germany and genocided it 's population and allowed communists to occupy it , but now i 'm learning something new from you . 
  portugal at it again . 
  literally the first country i 'm always looking at at those maps is not my country but always portugal . 
  it never disappoints me . 
  it 's not hard to conclude why is that . 
  that 's nearly population of krak\u00f3w ... 
  it puts something in perspective . 
  latvian and estonian ss units were n't involountary , it was consisted of the people that joined the nazi legions by themselves . 
  they also commited a notorious crimes and they killed almost all latvian jewish population by themselves . 
  surely not a nazi . 
  yes , you rage kid has no excuse other than attacking me personally when your butt hurts , because you 're justifying ss organization , calling me spreading moscow propaganda ? 
  hurr durr everything agains nazi legions is a moscow propaganda . 
  kinda similar what 's an average dumb excuse for ukrainians `` if you do n't agree , you 're moscow agent '' which it reached it peak of idiotism . 
  i 'm not so sure if reuters and eurojewcong is a moscow propaganda , but it seems like it , because you said so . 
  also i do n't need to pointing you any examples , you only need to watch any photo from these marches . 
  ss uniform is the same genocide symbol as soviet flag . 
  end of the story . 
  do i feel any sympathy to ss soldiers ? 
  i 'd say not at all . 
  my great grandfather barely survived ss raid on his city , they killed his 16 years old sister and mother . 
  ( city : stryj , now ukraine ) i 'm just pointing hypocrisy . 
  if you do n't want genocide symbols and marches or any night wolves just make it real . 
  nazi uniforms , ss flags and symbols , nazi worshiping are n't surely a genocidal symbols , nope , nope . 
  gladly many latvians protested [ against ] ( http://in.reuters.com/article/latvia-march-idindeea2f08o20140316 ) actions of government that supports genocide . 
   all of them are banned sure ? 
  nope . 
  ss is completely not a genocidal symbol . 
  as the nazi flags and uniforms . 
  in poland it was banned too due to `` security concerns '', 
  i 'm glad that latvia unlike russia does n't have double standards and does n't allow ss marches annually through their capital carrying the genocidal symbols . 
  wykop - retarded version of reddit mixed with 4chan . 
  few building wo n't change the fact that bucharest is the worst and ugliest capital of europe . 
  maybe only chisinau is worse . 
  before you start correcting me and telling me what to do . 
  i suggest you reading carefully . 
  by 3/4 i meant 3 or 4 buildings . 
  ca n't say much about memel , which i looked does n't look that really bad ( athough destroyed , but certainly not in 85 % that 's probably bullshit ) but wilno was n't destroyed much . 
  it was one of the least destroyed polish cities similar as krak\u00f3w, 
  no they were n't destoyed and check your history info . 
  any destruction was marginal , especially in comparsion with poland . 
  too bad there was no houses , because everything was destroyed and poles build their cities on their own . 
  unlike lithuanians who did not have stolen territories but also received two cities from two countries and they were n't destroyed . 
   just like many of mass expulsed lithuanians yeah so much of expulsed lithuanians . 
  too bad lithuania only got territories for free from soviet union . 
  memel/wilno were settled by lithuanians . 
  many lithuanians volounteered in moving into those towns because of good life opportunities and free houses ( took from poles and germans ), 
  half ? 
  it 's like 1/4 of the territory . 
  many of expulsed poles landed right there . 
  nope , i 'm trying to be objective and you 're mistaken . 
  bucharest is ugly , really ugly . 
  just being in the city makes you want to gtf outta there . 
  sad but true . 
  anyone who has been to bucharest can say - that 's not how bucharest really looks . 
  3/4 buildings in the entire city are pretty . 
  nobody say i want territories back . 
  do you even imagine how costly it would be to hande and develop backward and neglected territories full of foreign people that would n't rather assimilate very well into our society . 
  i only want rememberance . 
  cheers, 
  well i just respond with the fact to the shitstorm or bullshit responses . 
  mainly comes from lithuanian kids , that i should ignore and that was my mistake . 
  `` lithuanian government exchanged the polish z\u0142oty to lithuanian litas at a favorable rate , losing over 20 million litas . 
  [ 23 ] [ 34 ] the lithuanian government decided to implement a land reform similar to the land reform , executed in 1920s . 
  [ 34 ] large estates would be nationalized and distributed to landless peasants in exchange for redemption dues payable in 36 years . 
  politicians hoped that such reform would weaken pro-polish landowners and would win peasants ' loyalty to the lithuanian state . 
  by march 1940 , 90 estates and 23,000 hectares were distributed . 
  [ 34 ] lithuanians proceeded to `` re-lithuanize '' cultural life in vilnius region . 
  they closed many polish cultural and educational institutions , including stephan batory university with over 3,000 students . 
  [ 30 ] lithuanians sought to introduce the lithuanian language in public life and sponsored lithuanian organizations and cultural activities . '', 
  because it 's a region in modern belarus . 
  lithuania was also region of poland . 
  and during commonwealth when poland became a unitary state lithuania was also just a region . 
  because it for a large amount of time was classified as a region . 
  it still is a historical and geographic region . 
  not a state but a region, 
  and so did russians . 
  so did a state of lithuania . 
   we did n't occupy anything you did . 
  you entered our city with your army and tanks . 
  this is what we call occupation . 
   the soviets offered it to us in exchange you took the exchange and then invaded poland . 
   we would at least be annexed with our capital your capital - kaunas vilnius is a capital of lithuanian 1945 immigrants/colonists  vilnius we treated the local poles pretty well considering how their government treated us yeah , ethnic cleansing forbidding speaking polish , beating , renaming everything , opression etc. 
  it did last only 1 year since then it was switched to nazi occupation which was n't better , but then polish names and language was more prevalent . 
  and what does it contribute to the discussion ? 
  wow a disgusting lithuanian ultra-nationalist kid attacking me again which his immense bullshit . 
   at the end of the day , we 're all just migrants from africa . 
  yeah , what a justification of stealing someone 's property . 
  i will take your home and say `` we 're all from africa . 
  my great-great-great-great-greatfather build a castle 2 km from this home , so it 's all mine ''  ditto . 
   top kek , well i stopped reading since then .
