  very beautiful country denmark : the danish wind is so strong as my love to this country estonia : a country we do n't know a single fuck , but we should , because you are also interesting country finland : finlandia vodka is the best . 
  also thank you for all presents during chirstmas . 
  france : beautiful country of cheese and eifell tower . 
  germany : an intersting country of good beer and nice music such as rammstein . 
  you are also spending some money in poland . 
  spend more !, 
  and respect the law !, 
  greece : a beautiful warm country of delicious food friendly people and great vacation . 
  hungary : our friends !, 
  my dream is to visit iceland some day . 
  ireland : southern iceland . 
  pubs are best in the world . 
  a home to many of our people . 
  they sure love this country italy : best food in the world . 
  what would we do without italians ? 
  most of the arstists , architects , geniuses who build european power raised and were born there . 
  one of the most important countries in the world 's history . 
  latvia : a country known for inventing a chistmas tree . 
  also interesting country liechtenstein : filthy rich village/country . 
  must visit !, 
  lithuania : nice country . 
  historically connected to poland and polish history , very nostaligic for some people many of our important people come from there . 
  absolutely worth visit . 
  luxembourg : rich and nice country !, 
  macedonia : least visited country in europe which deserves to be visited malta : nice country !, 
  nice language !, 
  moldova : we support you against independence of transnistria !, 
  montenegro : young country of old history netherlands : i love everything about the netherlands from architecture to windmills from weed to red light district . 
  everything !, 
  norway : the most beautiful country in europe just after iceland . 
  poland : you are nice country . 
  i liked the piero . . oh wait portugal : lisbon and general history and architecture of this country is amazing !, 
  romania : transilvania is the hidden gem of europe . 
  i met nice and helpful people . 
  a country with a big potential russia : i was always interested to this country primairly for the cyrilic letters which for me as a kid were very beautiful and those school books from ussr were very beautiful made . 
  also it 's the very big country of different landscapes and cultures . 
  serbia : balcan culture and sogns , that 's what my former geography teacher loved . 
  < 3 slovakia : you have better mountains than we have ;@ and your language is cute < 3 slovenia : not slovakia . 
  you have a sea connection . 
  i know that planica is there . 
  adam ma\u0142ysz was jumping here spain : beautiful and modern country sweden : swedish policy of a tolerant welfare state is to be loved or hated . 
  your capital stockholm is called a venice of the north and your northern part of a country is stunning switzerland : mountainous country full of millionaires . 
  you are neutral , but i 'm positive towards you . 
  ukraine : we support you !, 
  united kingdom : drunk and naked guys comming to krak\u00f3w , but generally we ca n't find a reason to hate uk . 
  ask 600 k of poles who emigrated there . 
  they must love this country . 
  i understand only vittu ; _ ; what 's happening with me . 
  yup . 
  i 'm joking about belgian high homicide rate . 
  there 's nothing to joke though , rather to be sad and do something with that, 
  are they waving eu flags to oppose orban 's antieuropean policy ? 
   but wallonia what the fuck ? 
  i guess it 's because of the high homicide rate . 
  people got killed in a young age , which affects the life expectancy, 
  wroc\u0142aw always was silesian city , but silesia was never a country and i hope i wo n't be, 
  why so many people are upset about that ? 
  ( including even poles ) ? 
  i consider those lands polish and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  i do n't want it to become part of poland . 
  we need to notice that those lands were illegaly taken by soviet union and it 's connected with expulsion of poles from those lands and death of many who died from frostbites during forced resettlements . 
  those lands are highly connected to poland and polish history and culture . 
  most of historical landmarks/beautiful there are polish . 
  many of our famous and important people are comming from there . 
  borders do n't define nationality . 
  culture/history does . 
  no , you ca n't read properly . 
  are you crazy ? 
  that was the most idiotic comment i 've just read there, 
  do n't forget that the macedonians are the truest macedonians . 
  glorious successors of glorious macedon empire . 
   i was under the impression it was poles who gave lithuanians a hard time and not the other way around . 
  but in what time ? 
  in general ? 
  i doubt they had a hard time , but they were always marginal . 
  during polish-lithuanian commonwealth most of lithuanian upper class polonized themselves , which means they not only learned polish , but take polish nobel 's culture and traditions , because polish was main used language and lithuanian or ruthenian was classified as a language of poor , so if they learned polish it was like prestige . 
  but that does not mean that there was no polish in lithuania because they were there since xvi and with first settlers and migrants , they created vast culture of lithuania inculding their religion - catholic and their capital which was mainly inhabited by poles , many of our `` recreators '' of poland originates from there as well as our famous poet adam mickiewicz , which was our `` national stablilized '' and the reason why we did n't get russificized that 's why the complexes of being lithuanian are . 
  lithuanian state was created in interwar period with polish , lithuanian nationalism started in xix with claiming as everything what belonged to grand duchy was lithuanian ( does n't mean that vast majority as well are dukes were ruthenian , but here we go to litvinist belarusian nationalism ) during interwar period both countries had dispute over the wilno/vilnius . 
  poles claimed as theirs because of infuence , being part of commonwealth and history and the fact that most of people there were polish not lithuanian . 
  lithuanians however wanted this city because it was founded by lithuanian duke in deep medieval and was a capital of grand duchy of lithuania . 
  when they declared inpendnce they said that the vilnius must be lithuanian , in 1920 after polish-soviet war , defeated soviet invasion and then very short polish-lithuanian war which gave poland it 's populated territories . 
  the same was going in every possible polish city , like we fought against germans in pozna\u0144 and silesia , we fought against russians in warsaw and with ukrainians in lw\u00f3w , but the lithuanians described that as a polish invasion , not to mention that the city was controlled by poland in 1918 and during polish-soviet war before lithuanians came . 
  the border was officially signed in the treaty of versailles . 
  lithuania was the only country , which not accepted the polish-lithuanian border , and rejected any kind of diplomatic relations with poland . 
  ultimatum 1938 which forced lithuania have those damn relations annoyed lithuania even more . 
  in 1939 after agreement with soviets lithuanian army attacked poland and occupied whole vilnius region , the agreement was that the soviets will let this country be independent and give will give the vilnius region if they will help in invasion - they helped , but suddenly soviet-nazi relations went worse and it took whole lithuania , the lithuania changed side , mostly due to believe in hitler and the nazi ideology where the balts were higher than slavs ( for the first time they felt better than polish lol ) lithuania became the nazi collaborant which will fight against soviets and poles , they created dozens of special forces and partisans , however they 've never been in ss . 
  lithuanian special nazi squads were murdered the poles and jews , mostly the highest educated and the richest people to make poland weaker and be unable to control this region . 
  when soviets won lithuania was on the bad site and became one of the soviet republic with latvia and estonia . 
  ( there is an explanation why russia is so scared about nazism in the baltics , it 's just history , those countries were just hitler 's pawns , and they did quite horrible things to humanity aswell ) and maybe that 's the reason why those countries were in su not in eastern block , maybe also the small size when the border changed officially many of poles were expelled from it 's houses , many of them died , rest moved on the western territories , which soviet union took from nazi germany . 
  lithuania is still behaving not so good towards lithuanian poles and poland in general . 
  that 's sad and about ukrainians . 
  many of poles despise any kind of support to ukrainian war , because as they said : `` we should n't help our enemies '' ukrainians are glorifying the bandera and upa , that 's why many of poles do n't trust them . 
  especially after poroshenko statement that upa was and will be honored in ukraine , because they are heroes of the nation . 
  that hurt poles so badly that most of them lost respect to them , including me . 
  i 've never seen any ukrainian addmiting that he 's ashamed of upa and they are brutal terrorists , not any heroes ... 
  the reason is they are only heroes of ukraine , because it 's the young nation . 
  having a statue of the victims does not mean that some nation regret that . 
  for example we have dozens of memorials of victims of volhynian slaughter . 
  but the upa and his leader stepan bandera is still hero in ukraine . 
  considering how much we would love this country especially in this dramatic situations ... everything 's gone even president of ukraine poroshenko admited the upa organisation as a heroes of ukraine , before that he begged poland for military equipment .
