  wrong , then it 's croatia . 
  thank you finland for this hudralick pres chanal . 
  pff you 're all the same !, 
  i hope that beer ist juden-free / s, 
  this triggers latvia . 
  you are so similar to us < 3 you feel superior to the balkans as we see themselves superior towards ukraine/russia . 
  similar weather was in zakopane when i was few days ago . 
   slovenia confirmed balkans . 
  i think slovenia will be offended . 
   yes , because we 're rabid nationalists who want to dismantle the constitution ? 
  yes , because you 're both extreme populist socialists and economically brain-dead . 
  this is why you are both pis . 
  it would n't be any different living in a country ruled by pis or razem . 
  i 'd even think razem would destroy the economy even more and cause social unrest by forcing refugees to live in poland while the majority of population do n't want to see any single one of them . 
   in the situation where the national debt is skyrocketing maybe in your mind tho . 
  you do n't seem to have a knowledge about anything , so you 're keen on voting for a such a populist and dumbness-gathering party like pis . 
   i am in fact in razem so , in other way pis 2 . 
   i oppose the pis and po being in razem , opposing pis and po . 
  seems logical . 
   as much as i dislike coal mining , i like the idea of polish people having jobs and i know that actually heavy industry and construction are necessary to a modern society despite the neoliberal allegations . 
  no , we do n't have to feed the useless coal mines that produces nothing , but high costs and we do n't want our taxpayers to pay for their high luxurious pensions and inefficient governance . 
   assembly plants for german cars and eu-funded `` tech start ups '' churning out websites and apps that are `` like tinder but '' is not ` diverse and modern economy ' . 
  poland 's economy is not based on assemby plants for german cars . 
  germany 's companies have 2 % of all of their located factories located in poland that procudes nearly nothing and they give the job and opportunities to people that struggled with unemployment . 
   i want tusk in prison because he has betrayed poland numerous times being subject to the foreign power i prefer poland to be ruled by a forward thinking western and innovation promoting politicians rather that narrow minded and crazy thinking poles . 
  also is n't razem for taking refugees ? 
  are n't that treates as being a subject to the foreign power ? 
  because he 's the main creator of polish economic success which pis supporters do n't like , because they prefer the economy based on coal mining and shipyard engineering , not a diverse and modern economy . 
  so every transfers into a modern economy with closing of useless and expensive coal mines and shipyards are called a robbery by a bakward pis supporters . 
  they want him in prison , because he modernized poland . 
  that 's why it was rebuild so fast . 
  they had free bricks . 
  however other cities were damaged by that . 
   implying someone would move to live in eastern germany, 
  it depends where it is . 
  even if our state roads and motorways are quite good , in comparsion to our neighbours the city roads are horrible especially those smaller ones ... 
   because those items were collected in 1920-30 's and are part of history of estonia and never belonged to the baltic germans ? 
  they belonged to baltic germans to begin with and never to estonians . 
   could n't you think any less ridiculous argument to justify soviet atrocities ? 
  where the fuck i justify soviet atrocities ? 
   so by the beginning of 20th century estonians were no peasants no more . 
  well at least not all of them . 
  documents or other valuable things from xvii century are what germans had , the feudal peasants were estonians . 
   18 705 storage items from the estonian historical archives in tartu originating from the xvi-xx centuries were relocated to various russian archives between the years 1948-1964 if so then why did n't you give them back to baltic germans in interwar period ? 
  they are owners of it , if you did n't give back it to them why do you expect someone to give you back it . 
  it 's all german , not estonian . 
  when germans were living in big cities and had thriving culture estonians were feudal peasants , thus nothing belongs to you really , it 's not yours cultural heritage . 
  haha , you 're really so deluded . 
  if you think that russia will pay anything to you based on your out-of-ass calculations made by your `` spacialists '' as a legal indicator of `` we could do better without it '' . 
  and i also doubt it 's 100x lower if we count baltic calculations based on nothing then it 's maybe true , but no one takes this seriously . 
  i hope that is n't real otherwise you would turn yourself to the laughing stockpile of europe . 
  and if you think your calculations will be taken seriously by anyone then you 're living probably in a different world . 
  learn to build your country by yourself , fix your broken economy fix your collapsed demographics and high crime rate and do n't be reliant on others  how are russian addicts when the estonians suddenly changed to russians . 
  if baltic germans did n't exist then russians do n't too . 
  and it 's very naive to say that russian drug addicts are the reason because it 's 20 % if estonian population and drug related deaths are higher than in russia . 
  you seem like you do n't understand basic things . 
  first off eu funds are not the reasons you 're not able to demand money from russia but the fact that you were on soviet union 's financial aid and that would be pretty much it . 
  any compensation proposal would cause russia demand the money they put in you back . 
  estonia is one of the most dangerous places in europe with highest amount of drug-related deaths very high homicide rate and highest rate of hiv infection in europe i doubt that 's the definition of crime less country . 
  as for corruption you 're still way behind western nations and only slightly better than second best `` uncorrupted '' place in post communist world , it does n't put much into perspective because that 's still a corruption infected country . 
  you 're not denmark or finland . 
  also the methods of surveillance is very untrustworthy in my opinion and it does n't count unseen corruption and it 's mostly based on people 's feelings . 
  to be fair estonia was ahead of finland not because it was so well-off but because two things . 
  finland was unimaginabely poor with high illiteracy rate 2 . 
  in estonia the baltic germans were the better off mans while the native estonians were rather behind them . 
  it does n't put much into the context . 
  it does n't imply estonia was any rich , because it 's like saying i 'm rich because i 'm slightly better than moldova . 
  both latvia and estonia have no legal or even moral rights demanding any compensations from russia . 
  both three of you are sucking the eu funds quite badly ( highest beneficiary per capita ) so i think it 's enough for you . 
  not saying communism or soviet union is good or something . 
  but estonia and latvia were rather an expense of soviet union which they financed rather than taking advantage of . 
  also saying that without soviet union they would be much better off is quite naive just look at the states now and on the society which is corrupt and crime stricken . 
  with that society you would be only slightly better, 
  mexicou isa new chyaaaaayna, 
  it was but it is n't . 
  warsaw is not in western poland, 
  eastern poland looks much better , cleaner and organized than western poland . 
  just my personal impression and not only mine . 
   the first thing to do would be for nato to blockade the kaliningrad port . 
  a great way to start ww3, 
   but we have tourists in many countries that 's a fine way of saying economic migrants . 
  you must be really deluded, 
  we are not germany . 
  we 're more like russia, 
  hahaha that 's some very funny troll from you . 
  i 'm noing going to comment it . 
  oh god , it 's astonishing to have real confirmation that most of `` lithuanians '' are still believe in a fake history their government brainwashed them in xx century . 
  most of lithuanians then were illiterate so they were vulnerable for that . 
  lithuanian as a region , not nationality . 
  poles who lived in the east were generally called lithuanians ( litvins ) . 
  i hope you 're enough smart and too little brainwashed to understand . 
  term `` lithuanian '' in commonwealth it not even connected to your new country to took a name from . 
  samogitians were never called lithuanians . 
  there was no ethnic lithuanian hetman, 
   all of them ? 
  jan karol chodkiewicz for example  do n't use modern meaning of nationality back in 16th century for example . 
  i use the language and surname as a indicator, 
   there were countless problems with fights because gdl and crown had separate armies and separate commanders . 
  of which all of them were polish . 
  all voivodeships had different military commanders .
