  it was attack of powerful country on weaker , we won . 
  and we are not like denmark or norway where the only killed german soldier was that who fell on the ice . 
  but i understand them . 
  germans did n't want to enslave danes , but poles and jews . 
  and about france . 
  the most annoying fact is that france was ally of poland , we had milatary union . 
  when poland was attacked both france and uk refused to help our military , then they ( france ) got occupied with bigger failure and shame . 
  after ww2 france was one of the `` winners '' of ww2 they occupied germany and again despised poland and allowed the stalin to rule poland . 
  now they cry , because poland is not happy about supporting russian invasion of ukraine , by selling them warships ... where is the logic ? 
  sorry for my english if i made a mistake . 
  and if you are thinking i hate france i say no . 
  but french people are definitely ignorant , as you can see on this comment section . 
  but france was conquered ? 
  yes france sureender ? 
  yes i do n't really want to know details . 
  france had very powerful army , that was beaten by weakened ( and busy ) german army from one side . 
  and that was a country who officially surrender and declared vichy france , ruled by nazi germany . 
   because they ca n't find their own stereotypes . 
  americans have a lot of stereotypes ... 
  because france is surrendering economically to russia ? 
  maybe ? 
  and through your history france is in many european countries called first country to surrender . 
  like in ww2 when the one of the most powerful french military in europe surrendered to germany after 1 month . 
  because france is part of so called european solidarity and when sanctions go france ca n't just say no , because of some ships . 
  do you know that selling them to russia you are supporting invasion of ukraine and it 's destabilisation ? 
  it 's way different toppic than polish apples . 
  and you should n't be very sad . 
  french economy will not be hurt by russian embargo , like polish which is already seeing slowdown . 
  france already surrenders . 
  as always . 
  no offence . 
  yes , and fact that some countries appear to be gone in the next stats . 
  interesting ... 
  i see there is no germany ... is it a secret plan ? 
  and potato, 
  come to czech republic and drink vodka to experience night in the middle of the day :d, 
  i 've recently seen the news about german lgbt activist beaten nearly to death in belgrade ... serbia has serious problem of being backward and intolerant as always been ( yugoslav war ) , but the fact that serbia belongs to eastern culture ( orthodox , cyrillic , prorussian ) wo n't make it dissapear . 
   somewhere around 2004-2008 were the best times of poland when the mass emigration started ? 
  clearly not . 
  20 % of unemplyoed, 
  because many of poles hate the current government and vote for backward conservative party as an alternative for `` thieves '' basically , because our current goverment increased the retirement age from 65 to 67 and increased vat from 22 % to 23 % , also the public debt is going up and up . 
  i do n't really know what to think about it . 
  pis ruled poland in 2005-2007 and that was n't the best times of poland . 
  pis being pis, 
  before korwin the king european election in many polls he had 13 % , real number was different . 
  i hope he will never get into parliament, 
   that 's why he got 7.2 % votes ? 
  in recent poll he gained 5 % , mostly from brainwashed by the internet young boys who have never experienced job , or gun . 
  those people will grow up and polls will drop harder . 
  nobody is believing in his magic . 
   and 3,4 % in norway which is exactly the same number as pozna\u0144 , poland . 
  in norway must be some region below 1 % of unemployed, 
  korwin is putin 's puppet and no one above the age of 18 take him seriously, 
  welcome to poland :p, 
  that 's interesiting ... slovenia has better hdi than austria , bulgaria better than romania . 
  netherland better that switzerland ( ! ), 
  nd latvian and lithuanian hdi is the same as belarusian, 
  lithuania will also have big demographic problem . 
  the society is already old , and will get older , there is no immigrants in lithuania , unlike poland where we have ukrainians , belarusians and vietnamese , the economy aswell as retirement funds will be in trouble . 
  but many people , especially do n't see this because they are blessed and they know that eu funds will do anything . 
  there is no real plan to save this . 
  i know because i visitied lithuania several times . 
  lithuania is like doubled polish problems ( we will also have demographic trouble , but definitely not that much ), 
  all of that shit you just said is not true . 
   do n't link to the sources that you do not understand , cia world factbook have entirely different formula for calculating purchasing power parity per capita . 
  how `` differently '' ? 
  that was official and was used in wikipedia . 
  and how national gdp can grow 40 % in 3 years ? 
  it 's impossible  no yes , only romania and bulagia have lower wages in eu . 
  even dictatorship belarus has similar wage :d lol, 
  generally people who move away are mostly unempleyoed who could n't build a large portion of national gdp , but overall emigration makes look better . 
  also different countries count gdp differently . 
  that 's not like such `` international company '' count it . 
  it 's the government , because it has stats of own country . 
  i would never imagine lithuania having higher gdp per capita than estonia or poland that map is clearly showing that, 
   the decline of population in lithuania since 1990 is about 25 % which does n't count emigration ,  it 's counted , that 's what gdp `` per capita '' means when there is not much of `` capita ''  according to world bank lithuanian gdp per capita , ppp in 2011 was 22,524 http://www.photius.com/rankings/economy/gdp_per_capita_2011_0.html  you are certainly actively searching for them , because i have never met prostitute on the side of the road in lithuania offering me her services for money nope , i just drove trough  there are many countries in europe that have lower net average salary http://i.imgur.com/d0kwvtm.jpg basically romania and bulgaria  everything you said is wrong . 
  you 're right , everything you said is wrong . 
  you should emigrate to latgale and relatvianize that , or they will send `` humanitarian convoy '' into your country :p, 
  here we are again http://www.photius.com/rankings/economy/gdp_per_capita_2011_0.html as i said then lithuania was n't the poorest state ,, 
  yes , i agree . 
  and latvia does n't have such big migration, 
   other baltic states also had the decline , latvian decline is even worse , but somehow that does n't make their ppp any more bigger but i 'm comparring poland to lithuania . 
  it 's interesting , because in 2011 lithuania was the poorest baltic state by gdp per capita and now has 40 % bigger gdp and it 's richer country . 
  lithuania did n't experienced that much growth . 
   also same as previous basically not . 
  http://www.voxeurop.eu/en/content/article/1498571-good-life-does-not-come-easily-lithuania lithuania has more emigrants accoring to whole population than neighboring latvia or poland . 
   the salary is one of the lowest in european union - 300 euro when i 'm saying europe i think about eu , because most of european countries are in eu . 
  but you 're right , not in europe , but eu  last point in utter nonsense , sorry . 
  why ? 
  it 's based on my experience and lorry drivers there ( and those who come to pl ) are just crazy , they ca n't drive . 
  europe recently `` added '' prostitution and hazard to gdp and it 's fact  oh , and poland 's gdp ppp per capita never was 21,600 . 
  in 2011 it was $ 19,843 . 
  and lithuania 's in 2011 was $ 20,195 . 
  you can clearly see the stats of 2011 http://www.photius.com/rankings/economy/gdp_per_capita_2011_0.html polish one is from 2010 , which unfortunately does n't represent the 2011 and my fail . 
  latvia was actually poorer, 
  ineresting facts why lithuanian gdp looks better , that the reality is - lithuania has high decline of population in 1990 had 3,6 milion inabitants now has 2,9 - almost 30 % of people emigrated to old-eu countries after 2004 , which means lithuania is a country with most of the emigrants per 1000 people , which are n't counted to gdp , what makes it look better . 
  - lithuania has the one of the lowest european average salary and minimal wage which is about 290euro - after adding prostitution to gdp lithuania probably gained a lot of `` money '' when i was travelling throught baltic states , i 've experienced many prostitutes in lithuanian roads , almost none in latvia or estonia . 
  well , maybe it 's because of such dramatic low minimal wage . 
  interesting how lithuanian gdp per capita in 2011 was 16800 while polish 21600 and now 25300 when polish 23300 , and lithuania did n't experienced 40 % growth at any time correct me if i said something wrong . 
  wales is poorer than many east european countries , so independence would ruin their personal budget and stop financing from uk .
