  gib more ~ ~ potato ~ ~ w\u00f3dka, 
  wait swiss are richer than norwegians ? 
  maybe because of the millionaires . 
  we need to look at average median wage . 
  eskimos are living in canada :p, 
  nobel prize is not a determinant of a person 's success . 
  after obama recieved a nobel prize i ca n't believe in this shit anymore . 
  many people who did better things to the world and the world sciences never recieved this prize . 
  that 's just my opinion ,, 
  poland stronk . 
  now you know why is that . 
  good that you 're doing something with corruption . 
  i hate this shit . 
  i hope you are trolling . 
  as always, 
  does n't exist, 
  but the main difference is that wikipedia shows the counted victims . 
  i believe there was more victims because ukrainian `` heroes '' burned alive entire villages ( wooden architecture of houses ) and most of the poles who are comming from what is now ukraine have at least 1 victim of that genocide in their family . 
  including me , my dad 's site parents have parents from former lw\u00f3w voivodeship . 
  after war they must to escape , their house was taken by the ukrainian ssr . 
   number of ukrainians murdered is 3,000 to 20,000 , according to the different sources what sources ? 
  lol now i can clearly tell , your either a `` useful idiot '' or troll , maybe you are just uneducated . 
  the title says . 
  `` massacres of poles in volhynia and eastern galicia '' which obviously informs that it was n't done just in volhynia another fact you might do n't know is that there was more than 200000 polish people in volhynia . 
  get your facts straight, 
  there is no reason of killing 100 thousand ( some sources say it 's even more to 200 thousand ) upa/oun burned and slaughtered entire villages in most painful and inhuman way ( decapitation , chopping body to death ) etc. 
  those people which are called `` heroes of ukraine '' were murderers the most brutal murderers known from american prisons , the difference is ideology . 
  as a person which ancestors were killed by this `` army '' i ca n't respect any ukrainian who support this . 
   utterly stupid shit to ukrainians ? 
  another justification of the genocide or comparing resettlement done as effect of the terrorist organisation which held in independent poland ? 
   a concentration camp for political prisoners i see that some ukrainians would call prison a concentration camp like murderer of entire cities/villages a hero ( stepan bandera and it 's people ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bereza_kartuska_prison, 
  justification of massacre of 100 thousand innocent people at it 's finest . 
  im very sorry about you . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacres_of_poles_in_volhynia_and_eastern_galicia it 's pretty much unbelivable that in wikipedia nazi germany is described as a enemy of upa . 
  yet , they murdered poles in cooperation with nazi german state . 
  the same is going to lithuanian murdereres from saugumo policija http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ponary_massacre, 
  i 'd buy the auschwitz simulator, 
  you have a tradition of destroying polish cities . 
  what you did us just demo version of that . 
  thank you for mercy, 
  madrid is one of my favourite cities of europe . 
  it 's so beautiful , all those building fits very well . 
  i would love to live there , but i could n't find any job . 
  we export and we will stay exporting as long as we are there . 
  poles just ca n't live without this beer . 
  bloody scotts comin to warsaw and stealin our points ;p, 
  bloody romanians stealin ' our british jerbs, 
  but ... who will fix your sink ? 
  in latin just res publicae . 
  good . 
  can i steal your jerb now ? 
  because first rzeczpospolita ( commonwealth ) was a country of personal freedom , which was the most democratic and liberal country of europe at all . 
  every people can spoke every language , can practise any kind of religion . 
  to became polish they just signed `` loyals '' to the king . 
  that 's why we had many of jews , armenians and dutch people, 
  [ if you know what i mean  ] ( http://www.debaser.it/imgnews/varg_vikernes.jpg ), 
  i like you too norway . 
  < bad joke  do n't forget the zimniok :p < / bad joke , 
  some swede told me that fins are not really european , but mongol from central asia , then i started to learn about finnish language ( it was some time ago ) i 've always thought finnish is nordic language like swedish . 
  interesting that hungarians are pretty much southern finns . 
  some people also do n't consider finland and estonia to be european ( mostly swedes from my experience ), 
  you ca n't even win single match against poland in any discipline and you are thinking you can take over poland . 
  pff . 
  your army has helicopters which ca n't fly and tanks who ca n't shot . 
  ;p anyway great match and amazing atmosphere . 
  unless your football fans who destroyed toilets on the stadium . 
  i now they would like to take poland but they can destroy toilets in warsaw , not whole warsaw like some time ago . 
  at least no problems with europe under polish rule . 
  that 's shocking . 
  autumn in paris . 
  what a surprise !, 
  i 've always thought than in paris there 's only summer . 
  almost 90 % of people have negative opinion of russia, 
  they 're annoying and arrogant, 
  what about marshall plan ? 
  london 's damage was nothing compared to other cities and other countries were hurt much more . 
  theroitically britian was one of the least damaged countries in europe . 
  but still i found it interesting why there was poverty . 
  probably still rich in comparsion to others, 
  how is that possible ? 
  britiain , was n't destroyed , gained a lot of money from the us . 
  still had colonies and developed industry . 
  ( seems like til ), 
  well decission norway, 
  those are not exactly the same things ... if my view is too biased then your view is too generalised, 
  do you know that [ god is a serb ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-eqja8ahac ) ? 
  lol and i thought west for serbians is dirty and homosexual . 
  only russia is bastion of morality . 
  people are learning everyday . . 
  there are no details , just explanation . 
  i think this conversation is useless, 
  yes poland surrender ? 
  no seriously did you read this ? 
  lack of knowlegde or soviet propaganda is in your head ? 
  maybe just ignorance ? 
   78 % of young people want to leave serbia and probably move to russia to be free from `` homopropaganda '' ? 
  i 'm right ? 
   poland was already defeated at the time germany began the invasion of france it 's very interesting you are trying to convince me that i do n't know history , then you are failing . 
  poland was attacked from two sides by red army and wehrmacht , from two sides by two most powerful armies in the world , yet never surrender , there was still ak , polish underground state , polish london government . 
  do n't forget that when poland was even weaker in 1920 we won against soviet invasion of poland during polish-soviet war .
