if they moved abroad they 're obliged to speak official language , if not , they need to go back . 
  that 's all . 
  yeah i think that bavaria is good ( i 've never been there tho ) i 've been only to berlin when we got a flight to jakarta . 
  we 've got a 5 hour delay so we went to the sightseeing and that was my only impression about germany , i believe there are better cities , all i noticed was graffiti , commie blocks and alexanderplatz which was meh . . ok . also the berlin airport was very disorganised and crowdy . 
  i know from local people that berlin is a paradise for independent artitst , feminists , homosexuals , hipsters and other `` freed '' people . 
  yes , i agree with you . 
  for me it was the ugliest capital city i 've ever been and the city itself is also very dirty ( or maybe it 's just my opinion ) . 
  war destroyed beauty of their capital . 
  they can only blame their grannies . 
  it was result od germanisation nad collonisation , because germany never held this city before xix century . 
  for example in 1914 it had 15 % of polish people ( by german stats which were called biased some , other soueces say it was 30 ) that number dropped to 5 % in 1939 due to emigration to poland . 
  polish people felt betrayed by the fact that france did n't give them their city with full access to the sea . 
  polish people also felt discriminated , those who stayed there suffered unemplyoment and crisis because of isolation of this city, 
  it was founded by poland and was in polish borders for 800 years . 
  architecture here came from the dutch immigrants also notable jewish and german influence . 
  it was all destroyed during ww2 . 
  well , im surprised . 
  considering this country is being ruled by oligarchy, 
  gda\u0144sk , poland - a city known as old hanseatic city . 
  in xvii century during polish-lithuanian commonweath it was the biggest city of poland and was so rich that was richer than rest of poland combined , thanks to amber . 
  in 1980 a city known for solidarno\u015b\u0107 movement , which led to collapse of communism in europe . 
  please , only not him ... 
  he is a pawn of a biggest clown of polish politics - janusz korwin-mikke, 
  scandinavians can into space aswell . 
  it looks like some kind of space station . 
  can polan into it ? 
  well czech is childish though . 
  it 's ok to be gay . 
  i 'd never imagine my language sounds gay . 
  is our accent like that or words ? 
  russian tourists . 
  even if they are poor they pretends to be rich by paying a lot of cash . 
  keep doing that . 
  we love you kaliningraders < 3, 
  eastern polish space program in cooperation with nordic club with estonia in it . 
   ministry of culture building did you mean [ palace of culture and science ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/palace_of_culture_and_science ) and yeah it 's not very good `` combination '' especially if you consider krak\u00f3w as a city of parties and trips are mostly combined with auschwitz . 
  come on ... do n't mix it up . 
  please . 
  pfff everybody knows that first thing tourist see in poland is ... auschwitz . 
  maybe it 's because of the fact that the amount of them is smaller than in uk , also the irish are more compasionate , becasue irleand has a long history of emigration . 
  i 'm refering to poles in britain . 
  i do n't know about them in ireland , but in uk they were worst people i met and that 's not only my opinion but opinion of many people . 
  no , it 's just based on facts . 
  most of native british people dislike polish immigrants who according to them steal their jobs . 
  and most of foreign crime in london is commited by poles . 
  also the joke of poland - the toilet cleaner is a reference to nearly slave-like workers in britain who do the most unwanted jobs for nearly nothing but comparing to their former shithole of eastern polish village is a luxury . 
  no hating . 
  just take some facts . 
  be open minded . 
  they became nation when their nationalism started about xix century . 
  ukrainian language has only about 180 years . 
  and no , that was n't colonization . 
  you probably do n't know what colonization is . 
  only for real men . 
  fits to time after sauna . 
  gib ~ ~ potato ~ ~ glorious w\u00f3dka . 
  finlandia vodka to be precise . 
  thank you . 
  mr. litwa . 
  most of those `` colonists '' are thieves and suspects who escaped from poland and they would rather die than go back to their country . 
  with all their benefits and other good things as a low skilled shit-worker . 
  no offence , but i have very negative opinion of poles in uk . 
  i do n't know about us in other countries . 
  poland is a country where we `` almost '' did everything . 
  we `` almost '' colonized the world . 
  we almost `` beat russians '' during uprisings , `` almost '' beat germans in ww2 . 
  we `` almost '' get into space . 
  such is life . 
  that 's ... brillaint . 
  can i ask for a link to orginal reddit source ? 
  ( with comments ) ? 
  ukraine was never a country . 
  and ukrainians were n't a nation . 
  to xix c. you were just called ruthenians . 
  name ukraine was given by poland . 
  and saying that poland `` colonized '' ukraine is just incorrect . 
  warsaw has 1,7 milion people while lithuania 2,9, 
   oui , en france on sait faire des b\u00e9b\u00e9s :d your immigrants know . 
  albanians are not making kids anymore ? 
  i thought you will be first . 
  get your shit together . 
  10/10 would steal jerbs, 
  finally poland can into space . 
  my dream came true . 
  poland can into / r/europe, 
  well said . 
  sad but true ... 
  `` magnificient moustaches '' :d it 's our elderly people who are comming there . 
  typical pair, 
  changed, 
  ups i forgot . 
  lem me change that . 
  i 'm going on the next level because non-eu countries are also european albania : once i 've been there and i must admit that their language and people are very nice and the nature is just stunning , especially northern albania andorra : i do n't know about this country , but i noticed that andora la vella is just fucking beautiful austria : nice culture and mountains and vienna is a very pleasant city belarus : your women are just beautiful and you are spending a lot of time and money in poland . 
  keep doing that !, 
  bosnia & herzegovina : nice country with terrible history . 
  muslim culture makes this country worth to travel belgium : i love waffles !, 
  i love eu . 
  bulgaria : you have really beautiful women and seashore . 
  a country to spend your vacation croatia : fucking beautiful country and people are amazing prepare to polish invasion may/september !, 
  cyprus : extraordinary food and mixture of turkish and greek culture makes you one of the best countries to visit czech republic : nice , funny language and prague is your gem .
