  their country is nicer and more beautiful than i thought . 
  ironically the bigest economic growth in belarus was after lukashenko 's election . 
  he might be a good leader . 
  what if people really vote for him ? 
  that 's possible , because in eastern countries people vote for the toughest ruler , like in russia people vote for putin . 
  that 's what happening when your country is too religious ... 
  mein land ... schones deutsche aryan reich ps my german is so bad . 
  i feel sorry for brazilians ... 
  they are fucked up financially by expensive stadiums and now they will fail so badly ... 
   russian consulates in poland are , aka the amount of time it will take to process well that depends , that 's why people will chose eu cities over non-eu . 
  sometimes you must wait 2 months for that . 
   for example a pint of beer will cost you $ 7 omfg in poland beer in restaurant will cost you 2-5z\u0142 which is from $ 0,45 to $ 1,1 you 're welcome . 
  peter is not in eu and it would be a lot of problems with visas . 
  too expensive, 
  hahaha . 
  for turkish yes , for polish not at all , 
  from all baltic cities i was only in vilnius , 4 years ago . 
  well , my ancestors are from there . 
  it is cool , a bit dirty , but there are more interesting places in europe . 
  i 've never been too riga and tallinn , i think i must go there . 
  according to google weather . 
  current temperature is 30c and it 's peak temperature . 
  however in gdynia , poland it 's now 26c i 'm there and was fucking hot . 
  currently where i live nw poland is 28c while in vilnius is 30c . 
  tallinn has temperature of 25c and that 's is great temperature to go out . 
  maybe baltics ?? 
  vilnius - too hot riga - idk tallinn - that will be ok i recomend also helsinki . 
  sarcasm much, 
  do n't worry malvinas . 
  you 're also cute . 
  especially for argentina . 
  the same thoughts . 
  ^ btw laulupidu sounds a bit like lakupiippu, 
  as a skydiver it makes me very sad that those things are happening . 
  i think the main reasons are the shitty ( usually post military ) planes . 
  but soviet union would occupy them as other eastern european countries if they lost . 
  but are you 100 % sure that we will produce machines of the newest technology for exploation of the asteroids resources ? 
  germans are originally dutch ( by name of course ) , and germany should be called dutchland . 
  calling netherlanders dutch makes no sense . 
  calling germans germans is like calling poles slavs . 
  what rovers can do in explorations of resources of asteroids ? 
  so how small and weak finland won ??? 
  there is n't connection between invasion and defending their country . 
  ussr mobilized everyone and lost 20 mln of soldiers . 
  do you believe that they would sacrifice 20 mln of people to attack finland or poland ? 
  you need to be thankful that they resigned from conquering your eastern part and did n't partioned vienna ... because you were nazis too . 
  and communism in poland was a result of soviet invasion of poland , which was effect of nazi invasion of poland . 
   but it 's not like you could have beaten russia poland beaten russia in 1920 , and small and irrelevant finland beaten them in winter war . 
  believe me poland had good army but not enough for super militarized germany and soviet union at once . 
  even lithuania attacked us . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93soviet_war http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/winter_war, 
  uk still had colonies ... a lot of them , so food probably was n't big problem . 
  not as big as in polish lands . 
  but still you were wealthier than germans . 
  portugal was in different geographical location than poland . 
  and was n't poor portugal was one of the richest countries in medieval times + poland was in war with sweden about astreroids . . that sounds lovely , but need new technology ( poland does n't have any technology ) and big fund . 
  only usa or china will do it . 
  maybe in 30-50 years . 
  meh . . older people reminds ww2 younger remains communism ( which de facto was result of nazi invasion ) younger also think that you are all neo nazis . 
  in polish tv npd party is often presented . 
  in bigger cities germans are viewed as a people who destroys old building ( paint on them ) and steal stuff from restaurants . 
  - that 's all bad . 
  the good one is that you are punctual and generally nice and hard working . 
  lol you are the nice dreamer . 
  do you think that poland will take natural resources of mars to earth ? 
  only the richest countries such as usa , china or japan can afford that . 
  poland was into space . 
  and we will probably never into space , because it 's useless, 
  haha that 's soooo true you can only be `` katol '' or `` leming '', 
  typical response for 16 years old boy . 
  well , that explains everything . 
  greetings . 
  not only in ukraine . 
  the uncomfortable truth is that austria is germany . 
  you never been austrians , you 've always been germans . 
  then adolf hitler and joseph fritzl are also germans, 
   we are the undisputed champions of the world in the fuck-up-your-own-independence game moldova probably won that , 
  ** poland ** - everyone is exert about everything from politics , economy to sport - every politician in pl sucks even if is better , still shitty - most of us hate and complain about taxes , but want everything from the state like roads , free health care and free university ecudation . 
  - `` combining '' is our national sport . 
  we are probably the best at trying to hide from irs - poles generally love their country and people from abroad like ukrainians and slovakians or vietnamese . 
  we do n't like germans and russians . 
  some also do n't like lithuanians . 
  - our younger generation is good at speaking english , and probably everyone who 's age is about 25 speak english quite well . 
  older people do n't know a word , because under soviet influence only language we learned was russian . 
  - we generally do n't like muslims , unless they are tatars, 
  i do n't care about it . 
  that subreddit is probably place of fanatitical far-left wing movement and utra-euroenthusiasts . 
  i 'm used to it . 
  they will downvote me whatever i say against the eu . 
  chances are you are just stupid and uneducated . 
  jeez i hate that kind of people like you who call everyone nazi who 's views are n't similar to them . 
  peace and love . 
  more books , less tv, 
  i would love to see it . 
  but this is unrealistic . 
  poland must leave eu , belarus must change government from pro-russian to pro-polish and ukraine must stabilize . 
  there also would be problem with lithuania . 
  countries of european union are n't fully independent most of the laws are created in brussels . 
  belarus can do whatever they want . 
  poland is mainly regulated by eu .
