  we still have illegal immigrants , so it wo n't change the local situation . 
  fully opened market for ukrainians might not be the best option , but still they can apply for the working permission at least 50 thousand of them received them in 2014 . 
  i expect immigration , but not that big . 
  polish market is not bottomless , some hundred thousand will migrate , but not millions . 
  that 's overexaggerated demagogue . 
  that 's a very good news for poland . 
  i hope the government will push to abolish visa requirements, 
  [ view from different angle ] ( http://i.imgur.com/osisxes.jpg ) [ also this is my favourite picture of warsaw ] ( http://i.imgur.com/iepl6bz.jpg ), 
  mordor is in warsaw . 
  you do n't need to go to russia, 
  show pictures of omsk, 
  reverse triathlon and so on ... 
  you know ... finns originally came from the swamps in asia, 
  i think the good solution is that we should n't spend more on military equipment , instead , we should buy an atomic weapon why ? 
  because it works . 
  i think the europe is actually the one of the subs with highest quality of discussion in my opinion . 
  i think from my experience and what i found about polish stereotypes i must say that we are very anti-stereotypical . 
  i mean the youngest generation 20-45 years ... the rest of society is more stereotypical , i mean they are ultra-cathols , while the young generation is making fun of religion and insulting it . 
  also , the number of nationalist in my opinion have increased ( or at least they are louder now ) i do even personally know some fanatic nationalists , despite the different political views i 'm with good relations with those people . 
  the only true stereotype is that people really despise russia there . 
  600 years of common ( wealth ) history as a rightful part of poland . 
  but the horrifying times happened ... 
  i still did n't receive the source . 
  you 're just a typical form of idiot . 
  i 'm quiting this meaningless discussion . 
  you just presented yourself as an idiot . 
  i expected german-polish pact of dividing the czechoslovakia , as you said . 
  still did n't received it . 
  and i 'm waiting . 
  what are you trying to convince me to ? 
  acusing of something without even a source ? 
  so ... what ? 
  still i did n't received german-polish pact of dividing czechoslovakia . 
  i 'm still waiting, 
   are you aware that poland also had a pact with nazi germany ? 
  show me the one and you will be granted . 
  that 's why i love balkans . 
   i personally think that nationalism and racism caused world war 2 . 
  economical collapse of germany was the real casus belli . 
   because i imagine that people who do n't work probably do n't have money to pay for their needs unemployed people are still on the market , they use welfare , or are employed in the shadow economy . 
   2m of polish emigrants in total ( not only uk !, 
  ) , we had 1m of them back in 2004 source ? 
  recent stats shows that there is 3 million of emigrants and 1 million is about to leave the country this year . 
   quote me please . 
  not precisely you , but the general tendency  yet you want to refuse the right to marry to a part of the population because it is against the religious beliefs of another part of the population . 
  i suggest the state-regulated relationship with the same laws as marriage , just without being married . 
   then what is your opinion on what should have been done to provide employment for people who emigrated ? 
  if you would understand the basics economy , you 'd know that emigration does not make the unemployment fall , because there is lack of demand , no people who would buy the product/service , so the people are being fired . 
  2 millions of poles moved to uk and unemployment did n't went up . 
  in poland unemployment fall , because of better economy , not the emigration . 
  people would take the job in poland and build our economy , not the economy of neighouring countries . 
  freedom of faith is some kind of `` care '', 
  oh god . . 
  i laughed, 
  british muslims are the most backward ones . 
  they come from the 3rd world hellholes such as pakistan and some arab countries , where civilisation was lost 500 years ago . 
  the recent poll says it clearly , in britian the muslims are the most intolerant one . 
  but in france most of muslims come from the algeria and they are much milder , most of them support the gay marriage . 
  i 'm talking about poland . 
   places like france , the uk and germany provide a better quality of life , rate of pay , recreation etc etc. 
  yes , but it 's disasterous for the country . 
  i mean when 50-150k move it 's o , but when 2 million moves it 's really , really bad . 
   i live with a pole , top bloke , loves living here and has no intention of returning to poland - wants to raise his kids as british . 
  ca n't say i blame him . 
  that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  marriage means a relationship between man and women whenever you like it or not . 
  it 's the definition . 
  the same way you ca n't join the woman football club , because you 're men . 
  such discrimination !, 
  western europe cares very much about muslims . 
  they are building mosques etc. 
  pretty ironic . 
  whole western europe is doing everything to make muslims feel like in home , they do everything to `` care about religious rights of muslims '' but when someone is trying to protect the national religion he 's described as fanatic ... 
  i mean i do n't want religion to take over my country , but people deserve to have some rights , as we live in a 98 % catholic country . 
  deal with it . 
  mass emigration , population decline , decaying cities ( from depopulation ) also there is tones of macroeconomic disatvantages of joining economically much better-off market , so called `` colonisation '' by foreign institutions block the home companies to grow , because of too high rivairly, 
  you probably do n't understand the word marriage . 
  * i think european countries should focus at lowering taxes and social care for people ( it brings the death spiral in the long run ) * i support ukrainian immigrants in poland and i think that our border should be opened wide . 
  from the same reason poles are living in the uk . 
  i think it 's a bit ironic when someone is swearing on the ukrainian immigrants , while half of the familiy is cleaning toilets in the uk . 
  * i 'm strongly against gay marriages , because it would hurt in the religious feelings of catholics ( if we care so much about muslims , lets care about other religions too ) , i support other kinds of law-regulated relationships * i support the legalisation of marijuana and other drugs , i do n't think people should be punished for hurting themselves , it 's their life * i think poland should n't join the eu in 2004 , it should join somewhere in 2020 maybe . 
  poland was not prepared for this shock and we see the disasterous result to this day . 
  * i think donbass should be independed and do what they want . 
  i do n't think it 's sense for fighting for something that hates you more than anything . 
  donbass in ukraine would be disasterous . 
  donbass is lost . 
  they did ... 
  fun fact : krymska means crimean, 
  ww2 is a result of nazi-soviet agreement . 
  so they are equally guilty of that , but winning war against soviets and americans was impossible ( and really thank you god for that ) germany was in lost position since 1939, 
  what do you think will be future in ukraine ? 
  is your ruling party capable of europeisation of ukraine and fight with corruption ? 
  how much people will leave the country ? 
  will ukraine stop fighting and create new ukraine without donbass , crimea and all the regions the ukraine is hated more than anything ? 
  how is life in ukraine now ? 
  from your unbiased perspective ? 
   people with manners do you mean the cordoba caliphate ? 
   people move to and from the cities all the time it 's when there is lots of jobs in the cities , while unemployment and lack of perspectives in the villages . 
  i does include the emerging economies like china , egypt , vietnam . 
  people in the villages have no jobs , while in the cities is the place for the new life .
