  no , former warsaw pact is eastern europe . 
  why south-eastern europe ? 
  lol , nope , czech republic and slovenia are n't really eastern . 
  they have both more western influence than estonia . 
  i agree with that . 
  however center of europe is still disputed , there is no official statement about that . 
  but c'mon if we are talking about east europe we all know what countries are . 
  eastern europe is not any geographical term its just term of postcommunist countries . 
  latvia has been also part of russian empire before it recieved independence from it . 
  russian influence there is very big , for example lots of orthodox churches which you can rarely find in poland . 
  not mention that nearly 50 % of people i 've met do n't even speak latvian , but russian . 
  i do n't know anyone who would call baltics ( especially lithuania ) northern european . 
  lithuania is rather cental ( at least ) and is `` officially '' northern european . 
  baltics are culturally , historically and economically eastern , not northern . 
  eastern europe can be whole former east block , or just belarus and ukraine . 
  that 's why we love eastern europe . 
  i 've been to greece in winter 2013 . 
  it snowed in northern part of country . 
  i remember those mountains covered in snow , it was so beautiful . 
  especially with contrast of sunny , green south . 
  i know there are also bad places in greece , but overall landscapes are great . 
  entire country . 
  greece is extremely beautiful . 
  next time you will be in warsaw in nowy \u015awiat there are plenty of restaurants with regional cuisine . 
  my personal - italy but i see no one loves pierogies and bigos :(, 
   reddit is last bastion of intelligence compared to wykop , onet or even worse wp reddit is an oasis of normality . 
  i agree with you . 
   i like our `` mafia-structure '' it keeps place clean  nope , it keeps stalinist ( as i call ) atmosphere where noone can have other opinion . 
  i 'm for downvoting serious trolls not people with open mind . 
  other 50 milions also have different opinion , but they are not in / r/europe . 
  this subreddit has only few poles , mostly leftist , pro-government , and pro-ukrainain . 
  people with different opinion are mostly downvoted , which discourages them to stay on this subreddit . 
  i 'm leftist myself . 
  but i despise the mafia-structure of this subreddit . 
  people shoudl n't be downvoted for their personal opinions . 
  i give 5/10 . 
  poland stronk !, 
  poland can not into jihad, 
  jihad per capita sounds more interesting ;p, 
  this is exactly what i thought . 
  i wonder about the economic results of this shit . 
  i ca n't imagine that our close neighbor is so different . 
  lithuania, 
  this is not socialism idiot, 
  that 's not wykop.pl please go away, 
  `` united idiot emirates '' that was brilliant, 
  similar situation , like this in belgrade , like 2 years ago . 
  those things happened in many east european countries , such as lithuania . 
  eastern nationalistic mentality is a big problem for those countries , because it produces idiots like those in belgrade . 
  here are the full results http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ef_english_proficiency_index acutally i 'm bit surprised that poland is so low . 
  but we are the best of voice-dubbed countries . 
  just like me . 
  only think i can agree with korwin is that poland should n't use euro . 
  i 'm against it . 
  rest is total bullshit . 
  like cancelling zus . 
  who will get money then ? 
  from where ? 
  from the sky ? 
  `` program '' which has 3 pages . 
  yes ... a program . 
  wrong he has 6 kids . 
  unfortunately . 
  i personally think he 's very inteligent , but not adjusted for xxi century . 
  he 's living la vida loca of xix c. europe as he called `` the best time '' of europe, 
  is he masakring lewaks ? 
  i ca n't see dunkenpl comments ... 
  there is something wrong . 
  korwinist detected ,, 
  korwinist = idiot . 
  watch out . 
  do n't respond just downvote . 
  is this response to #savedonbaspeoplefromukrainearmy ? 
  i feel bad that we have people like you who make problem out of this . 
  basically south tyrolean troll , to feel more nationalistic . 
  it 's an alpine species of troll , very hungry of attention . 
  oh yeah tell us more , sweety . 
  just looking 5 minutes in wikipedia , to see that this city was never part of germany except ww2 occupation . 
  austria , a nice german country . 
  adolf hitler lived there . 
  it 's a shame that is still exists . 
  you feel good now ? 
  he was polish jew . 
  aaron was a popular name for jews not for the ethnic poles . 
  it made me laugh :d good joke at the end of the week . 
  it 's because of your cute language . 
  the same is going to slovakians, 
  system is created by the people, 
  it 's great to see romania is fighting with corruption . 
  corruption always was harsh for economy and romania always seems to be very corrupt country . 
  less corruption = higher economic growth . 
  look at poland and estonia . 
  belarus is of genius . 
  buyings milk from polan and sellings it to mother russia with 2x bigger price . 
  winner ? 
  of course belarus . 
  that 's nominal gdp , it 's dependent on currency value . 
  by looking at that we are poorer than in 2010 and that 's not true in real life . 
  every city in black-white or sepia looks like developed european city . 
  reality was different,
