  have a good day . 
  and if you want to live in your alternative ultra-nationalist world then you have full right , but i do n't care . 
   not much data there is barely any data . 
   the name is the same . 
  yes lithuania is a geographical region of belarus . 
  nope , i just wo n't discuss with a lithuanian teen that denies wikipedia articles . 
  i 'll just leave that . 
  the fact that lithuanians are immigrants in vilnius wo n't be changed because that 's fact that took place after 1945 . 
  any crying wo n't change history my friend . 
  when you grow up , then we can start a normal and civilized discussion , since i do n't wish to discuss with a child that starts conversation by attacking me and putting nothing valuable and using typical nerd language like k lol etc. 
  have a good one . 
  grand duchy of lithuania was a russian culture country . 
  he was russian / ruthenian . 
  we do n't really respect nonsenses claimed by xx century baltic nationalists claiming themselves as real lithuanians and the russians who ruled lithuania too . 
  they could n't even decide who is lithuanian and who is not and by logic claiming white russians as lithuanians . 
  wow what a lithuanian nationalist . 
  the amount of bullshit here is despeakable, 
  nevertheless it became a capital of lithuania , it was never a capital of lithuania before . 
  and before you start writing lithuanian nationalist bullshit like `` vilnius was capital of grand duchy of lithuania '' no it was n't since the union of krewo krakow and then warsaw was a capital of grand duchy . 
  wilno was one of the residences of kings . 
  but so was pozna\u0144 and nobody claims it as capital . 
  another fact is that it was grand duchy of lithuania , not lithuania , those are two different countries in different times and not really related . 
  i see butthurt . 
  i 'm aware that some facts may hurt , but i i 'd care i would n't write that . 
  orthodoxy developed those countries . 
  which was of ruthenian origin . 
  good 2 sentences of information about his dad we have no clue about because there was so little of informations ca n't classify him as lithuanian . 
  ruthenians in lithuanian were much more powerful and influential than balts . 
  even w\u0142adys\u0142aw jagie\u0142\u0142o which you claim as yours was ruthenian since he did n't speak lithuanian , but polish and ruthenian . 
  serious question how old are you ? 
  looking at this comment makes my brain hurt . 
  are you really that ignorant or seriously do n't understand what i 'm even saying ? 
  and vilnius is a capital of lithuania for 25 after lithuania took it so yes, 
  the spoke polish and were assimilated into polish culture . 
  many of them had polish surnames and spoke polish at home . 
  to put the things in a perspective . 
  jews were exclusive for poland and when lithuania was polish and adopted polish law grading jewish privileges jews were settling there . 
  in a polish majority towns jews were assimilated into polish culture . 
  dude check the informations in wikipedia and do n't play a fool there . 
  if you 're bad from history do n't play an expert because you 're really bad , and the worst is you do n't give any serious informations . 
  and i 'm not nationalist . 
  you 're just an uneducated teen . 
  dude , are you really serious ? 
  do you really think it 's socially acceptable of invading the city with army and tanks full of different people that does n't want to be part of their new country and lived here forever ? 
  btw capital of lithuania was kaunas . 
  where did you search that information ? 
  it 's hard to call a thing city if it did n't had a city right which were established much later . 
  lol did you read ? 
  the letter from gedymin was referring to a castle not a city which was granted a city rights much after . 
  please stop . 
  another lithuanian historical revisionist . 
  the assimilation you are referring to was applying into a slight number of people of the upper class that were n't located in a specific region but whole country so it was a big and very small diaspora places in every corner of the country wilno was developed by the polish settlers and so the whole region around it . 
  that 's not `` jogalia '' but jagie\u0142\u0142o . 
  and he has name . 
  firstly at this time jagie\u0142\u0142o was a king of poland and he was born in today 's belarus . 
  for a person which there is no historical evidence he even spoke lithuanian claiming him lithuanian is a huge understatement . 
  as the stating he maybe son of a father that there is literally nearly 0 historical informations . 
  anyway i 'm not discussing about the early history where there is not enough informations to put the things into perspective . 
  i 'm only saying that poles lived there for 700 years and the city was part of polish economic confederation . 
  there was barely any lithuanians back then . 
  and at those times being lithuanian was living in the region of the duchy of lithuania . 
  it was usually referred to russians ( or ruthenians ) living there while the modern lithuanians were usually called samogitians . 
  and that puts a lot of in perspective . 
  even first book in grand duchy that was n't in latin or polish was in the old russian language and it was a bible . 
   no , it was n't dude , great argumentation, 
  lithuanian communists and soviets did it , not only soviets i doubt the situation of poles would be any better under the independent lithuania . 
  and stop insulting me . 
  i 'm not attacking other countries . 
  i 'm just remind what happened . 
  history does n't hurt my friend . 
  wow that 's some serious historical revisionism . 
  first of gedymin build a castle there and the first informations were recalled to this castle not a city which was built later and the city rights were established by the king of poland . 
  the fact that some ruler we have not so many information about found a castle on what was later a city does n't justify lithuanians of taking the polish property that is a result of 700 years of polish dominance . 
  just that . 
  well , it can change some people 's attitude towards certain topic . 
  it wo n't change the mind of lithuanian immigrants in vilnius who ca n't accept some facts like / u/tuesias, 
  what a bullshit . 
  look at the german-made census from 1916 http://mapsontheweb.zoom-maps.com/image/120841461822, 
  it is partially . 
  they occupied the city with soviets during the september 1939 invasion of poland . 
  well , vilnius was polish-speaking since the foundation in xiv century ( it 's a relatively young city ) and was established after personal union of lithuania and poland . 
  for example first bishop and founder of catholic archdiocese in vilna in xiv c. ( latin and english name used for centuries to 1945 ) was a pole . 
  founder of the first university was a pole . 
  and many other examples . 
  so the history of polishness is a long long history . 
  lithuanian history is relatively young and people living there did n't really adapted to the new enviroment they moved to after 1945 . 
  the same poles who build , developed and made the city as great as it was before 1945 were called vermins and parasites by both lithuanian and russian colonists who treated their city as their own and forced people to relocate to poland . 
  we do n't demand the region back , we do n't demand any apology we only want rememberance . 
  also i do n't know why i 'm downvoted does historical facts really hurt some young lithuanian ultra-nationalists which there is a lot on reddit ? 
  it was only sybolic capital , never was real capital . 
  for centuries associated with polish culture . 
  and reminding history is something very necessary , because lack of knowledge of history may result in historical revisionism . 
  there is polish saying : `` we demand rememberance , not apology '' rememberance can be more infuencial for the mind than any `` sorry '' said by any state leader . 
  too bad most poles from there were expulsed from the town and now they make like 10 % of the city ( they used to form a 93 % majority with polish jews ), 
  you give them your finger , they bite all your hand . 
  \u00fcbermensch make taxis great again . 
   there were protests , demonstrations , and they even burned a few vehicles . 
  eventually , uber was banned that 's how you feed terrorists . 
  baltics and russia are genetically the same it seems . 
  it makes sense since they look alike .
