  they replaced estonia with lithuania probably . 
  it means commonweath of poland to be precise . 
  eesti you ca n't into nordic . 
  you can into russky + extra finnic mongol features . 
  what i 've noticed : bulgarians are not genetically slavs baltic countries have the closest dna to russians from all countries in europe . 
  poland is the most slavic country in the world . 
  norway has lot of slavic influences in dna ( historical marriages of rulers ) the welsh have the purest west european dna . 
  sweden orthodox ? 
  ukraine, 
   poland ? 
  yes , poland muh orthodoxy !, 
  tfw you realise maryla rodowicz is 70 years old . 
  [ not a summer song , but also from the netherlands ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxijcfvds0e ), 
   nordic penguins penguins does n't live in the northern hemishere . 
  * baltic sea thing . 
  should be slovakia as slovenia and otherwise and it would be way more accurate . 
  riga and memel share both germanic influences . 
   so poland has polish architecture and lithuania , belarus , ukraine , latvia has german ? 
  riga and tallinn boths shares german architectural influences . 
  while most of lithuania and west ukraine and belarus shares mostly polish architecture . 
  old towns of wilno , grodno , lw\u00f3w has notable polish influences with architecture typical for this region . 
  '' how polish architecture is different from any other former plc country ? '', 
  quite much . 
  to see the difference you are going to riga and coastal lithuania ( more specifically the klaipeda ) to see the actual difference . 
  vilnius old town is a perfect example of polish architecture . 
  there is no doubt . 
   i was extremelly surprised at how non-germanic vilnius looked of course . 
  vilnius was polish until 1945 . 
  just to remind you . 
  aneksja is foreign borrowed word . 
  i was looking more for a video from drone , not a timelapse, 
  i love that kind of videos . 
  has anyone more videos of european lovely cities ? 
  parnawa and dorpat stronk !, 
  p\u00f3\u0142nocne inflanty ( north livonia ) also stronk, 
  not refugees , but immigrants . 
  most of them are from central and west ukraine untouched by war . 
  the actual refugees go to russia . 
  lots of reasons . 
  more specifically the volhynian massacre and their leaders as a national hereoes of ukraine, 
  haha no , esti will never into nordic :d, 
  `` on russian payroll '' can i start laughing ? 
  [ free hans island from the canadian oppression !!!! 11 !! 11 !, 
  ] ( http://freehansisland.com/ ), 
  baltic way favorurite country : a baltic neighbour least favourite : russia . 
  and so on . 
  ukraine is pretty much hated by many . 
  there is no doubt . 
   politics like the kid who wo n't share any toys and rather plays alone in their sandbox . 
  the most accurate description of switzerland i 've ever seen . 
  also vatican is not relevant ? 
  they are more influential than many big countries . 
  least favourite neighbor : russia . 
  you need to have visa to enter this city . 
  switzerland has german culture ? 
  lah is also an old fashioned word used for a pole . 
  italy in polish - w\u0142ochy italy in any other language - italy/italia/italien etc. 
   corruption was huge problem in poland in '90 maybe , but not even close to what 's happening in ukraine and russia . 
  poles generally are culturally different than russians , ukrainians , there is more self-esteem and trust in the society . 
   from my experience , i would say that living standards in st. petersburg and moscow are higher than in for example warsaw . 
  i do n't know if it apply to other big cities , though . 
  as for rural areas poland has definitely higher standards . 
  you know that difference between cities and rural areas in poland are huge too ? 
  this will happen when eu-army will be formed and schulz will be a head of the eu ( which is very possible ), 
  they escaped to st. petersburg, 
   standard serbo-croatian is basically just the dubrovnik dialect that was standardized by serbs and croats together so that they would be closer to each other ( the common enemy was austria-hungary ) . 
  before standard serbo-croatian was taught all over serbia , croatia , etc. 
  they spoke different languages/dialects . 
  i get your point but dialect = !, 
  language . 
  if serbian and croatian are just dialect of the same language does n't mean they are n't the same language . 
   meanwhile , you do n't know our history so you can say whatever you like . 
  except i 'm historian and i was interested in yugo topic . 
  so in this regard i might say i know more about yugos than you do . 
  but i do not follow nationalistic croato-serbian bullshit . 
  especially considering that tribe of slavs from lands of poland and east germany moved southwards to illyric land mixed with indigenous people and got ruled by different powers . 
  only difference between croatia , bosnia and serbia are religions which in current world does not play any significant role ( except muslims maybe ) and langauge is you speak is called serbo-croatian ( yugoslavian )  and if you compare the case of poland-russia to serbia-croatia then i have no words ... edit : lol butthurt nationalistic yugo people and their downvotes, 
  nope . 
  because they are blinded by their nationalistic retardation . 
  once i saw a photo of a cigarette warning in bosnia in three `` languages '' and text was tripled ... 
  i get it . 
  maybe they did n't wanted to be dominated by orthodox equivalents of themselves and hence they pew-pewed each other . 
  but denying its origins is awful . 
  you ca n't deny you all my little yugo shits < 3, 
  same language, 
  nope https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozzgajjuqzm, 
  harry potter is an essence of britishness for me . 
  they are the same people , but they ca n't admit that . 
  just like serbs , bosnians and croatians . 
  so you 're telling me that we have to have eu commision to ensure ourselves we have a common market and it 's not yet gone ? 
  it seems bizzare . 
   trade deals are often very much restricted and take a dualist approach to law implementation but common market is n't resticted at all . 
   needs regulation , and regulation comes from legislative , executive , and juridical power yes , but once it 's settled we do n't have to use it anymore . 
   the common market needs legislative power , otherwise it seizes to exist . 
  so again : who has legislative power in your case ? 
  common law regarding it . 
   but there can be no common market without legislative power , otherwise countries can ( and will ) start heavily abusing stuff like custom duties or quantitative restrictions again and before you know it there 's nothing left . 
  there are tones of agreements between countries and none of them need a gigantic building filled with people paid highly from european taxes . 
   but if not the commission , who will be responsible for the legislative competences and responsabilities of the eu ? 
  generally , we should abolish this .
