  however in xviii century `` big '' cities was n't that big and some of them was comparable with villages , because there was lots of it . 
   cities are generally more educated , so they had naturally lower chances of speaking more `` rural '' belarusian over polish and russian . 
  of course , people would want to study the same language nobles did , which was polish belarusian language did n't exist until xix century . 
  it was ruthenian , the same as russian or ukrainian , but the local polish influence singifically changed languages . 
   it was called `` lithuania '' after lithuania conquered it lithuania did n't conquer it . 
  those regions become part of the grand duchy when kievan rus was split and destroyed after mongol invasion of europe , therefore the local duchies gave the opportunity to unify with the rest creating the grand duchy . 
  only udchy that did n't unify was a muscovy , that later created russia . 
   how would you call pre-1507 america , as the term was n't used before that year it is america , because there was n't any name given on that specific continent before . 
  if it was , then name would be different . 
  most of u.s states and canadian provinces uses the local language names . 
  there is no such thing as polonised lithuanian now . 
  they are poles . 
  polonised lithuanian was a term used for eastern nobility which consisted of a very small portion of a population in whole big region . 
  there was n't something like `` ruthenia '' back then . 
  it was called lithuania . 
  ruthenia is a newer term . 
  do n't expect the rational talk from a nationalist lithuanian , who have their own version of history written by soviet lithuanian historians . 
  i feel really sorry about him . 
  yes , you 're right . 
  but apparently you do n't . 
  that 's what they teach in lithuanian schools . 
  scary . 
  being occupied by lithuania for two months does n't mean it was part of lithuania . 
  the same as duchy of lithuania which has the same connection with reputation with republic of lithuania like macedonia with former macedonian empire . 
  yes , because you know it perfectly . 
  except you do n't . 
  you 're a pathetic troll . 
   starbucks not so much . 
  we have only 37 of them in the entire country . 
  i 've been there twice . 
  there are two types of people here : one hates america , second likes it . 
  both think american food is crap . 
  you 're idiot . 
  there are even two or three channels in silesian in polish tv . 
  dude , it was never part of republic of lithuania since 1991 . 
  and olny thanks to soviet-lithuanian agreement you signed in 1939 lithuania was able to occupy whole region with help of soviets and expluse much of population or kill in ethnic cleansing ( read . 
  ponary massacre ) after all those bad thing give those people at least some dignity , because otherwise they will hate you more and therefore lithuania will get worse relations with poland . 
  dude , that 's extremely cynical and rude . 
  those people are minority living in their own land . 
  it 's lithuania who came to them and force those people to speak in another language . 
  it 's obvious they want to maintain polish culture and do n't want to become lithuanian . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  people upvoting you must be either sad , uneducated or trolling . 
  it makes me feel really bad seeing this comment upvoted . 
  you did n't mention obvious stereotype of warsaw people being arrogant and impolite . 
  slovakian is like dialect of czech :d, 
  it 's not like lithuania signed treaty with soviet union to occupy poland together . 
  well , that escalated quickly . 
  world bank only `` estimates '' gdp , which is basically rubbish source . 
  google gdp measuring is worst thing you can do . 
  90 's or even 00 's, 
  yes , i think so . 
  look at sweden and finland . 
  sweden did n't adopt it and finland did it . 
  finland used to be more prosperous and richer than sweden , but now it 's otherwise . 
  finland 's unemployment is very high high now . 
  no , people there will never chose living in ukraine . 
  they want either be dead or independent . 
  they dislike ukrainian government and want closer ties with russia . 
  i do n't think it is neccesary to send soldiers to die for the `` teritorial integrity '' . 
  it 's stupid for me . 
   being in situation like this would you consider emigration ? 
  would it be `` economical '' ? 
  most immigrants are from west ukraine . 
  lw\u00f3w already after 70 years looks like it 's nuked . 
  you do n't need to spend money on nuking it . 
  you just have it . 
  ukrainians are dying in a useless war . 
  that 's for sure . 
  i think you did n't understand the joke . 
  therefore i have bad news for you . 
  if you are above 20 , then your inteligence is n't something to be proud of . 
  yes , you are trolling . 
  first of all we should n't call them refugees . 
  95 % of ukraine is not in war . 
  those are economical migrants . 
  flying from poverty , inflation and recession to poland , where economical situation , aswell as job market is in the best condition in history . 
  ukrainians will chose poland over other countries because first , it 's very close . 
  secondly poland and ukraine have common history . 
  60 % of ukrainian lands were part of the commonwealth , hence the cultural and historical similarities . 
  also many ukrainians have families in poland . 
  they are immigrants in estonia ? 
  sonner or later ... lw\u00f3w will come back to its rightful country . 
  just wait . 
  why are you always trolling ? 
  you were banned on wykop.pl ? 
  train station in romania looks like it was shot in india . 
  you 're just jelly . 
  your young country has no national dish . 
  but it 's not the national conspiracy theory in any way . 
  nobody thinks like that except kaczy\u0144ski, 
  polish flag was used since beginning of the xix century . 
  / r/polandball is especially rough on america, 
  yet 23 million russians live below the poverty line . 
  smart move russia !, 
  please do n't , this is shameful, 
  if they do n't like uk they can come back . 
  i hope employers will fire them after that . 
  god . . sometimes i am ashamed of us abroad . 
  we are pure cancer .
