  like you are angels or something . 
  kinda reminds me germany 1933 and russians are jews . 
  what 's bad , it 's their fault . 
  i am honestly surprised about czech republic . 
  it 's unbelivable that country known for their prostitutes has so low hiv infection rate . 
  well even prostitutes have standards . 
  wow it 's so accurate !!, 
  i 'm just waiting for hordes of poor irishmens looking for a wealth in czech republic !, 
  is n't that hillarious ? 
  historical falsification is what keeps this nation stable . 
  brainwashed people are less likely to prostest , overthrow the government . 
  i think ny is different than most of america . 
  it 's a tight and overpopulated city , where most of people use subway system instead of cars and live more european lifestyle . 
  most of america is made of big cities with large open space , where is hard to get to anything without car , that produces the lazy-ass lifestyle and then obesity and everything it 's connected to like `` scooters '', 
  too bad it only showed major cities . 
  panama city did great progress too . 
  frortaleza , brazil looks coolest for me . 
  that palm tree is crazy . 
  i feels weird too see it covered in snow with -20 c outside . 
  very nice photo . 
  is n't that a government buisnees district in moscow ? 
  german humour, 
  most of those facts are actually untrue and self-disclaiming like `` 4th most educated nation in the world '' ... guys !, 
  it 's was pretty funny to watch though . 
  of course some building might be destroyed , but saying that 80 % of city was completetly destroyed is an pathetic demagogia . 
  reminds me the obi-wan kenobi street, 
   80 % of budapest was destroyed in wwii during the soviet offensive i 'm looking on the photos , i do n't see much of destruction, 
  that 's why i hate such tax heaven countries like switzerland . 
  they help in creating a corrupt oligarchy systems we see in ukraine or russia . 
  because they are primitive, 
  thank you for understanding, 
  yes , i do, 
  i see . 
  are you happy now ? 
  no it does n't matter . 
  of which i said that is untrue and void . 
  if you could read what i wrote . 
   a person is able to not have enough money both if they are employed and if they are not employed . 
  but you said you changed topic from unemployment to underpaid . 
  decide . 
   the last few ? 
  might be . 
  many others ? 
  no and no . 
  should we fear christians now ? 
  `` many others '' there was only few not islam-related terrorist attacks in the world . 
  rest were . 
  also the terrorism is n't the only bad side . 
  riots , violence , creation of ghettos , sharia law movements and therefore terrorism , rape etc. 
  also the social benefit costs . 
  insane !!!, 
   so nothing changes and shit still happens ? 
  good luck . 
  i mean we should avoid problem , by not creating it . 
  therefore i meant not letting people in . 
  basically the same . 
  the same as funny and hillarious . 
   i did n't say that they were underpayed i said that they would n't have enough money . 
  there 's a difference . 
  being undepayed and not having enough money are related . 
  let me remind you . 
  which latest terrorist attacks were on a islam-related backgrounds ? 
  all of them . 
   i do n't see a relation between terrorism and muslim immigration there is . 
  countries with the biggest muslim minority has the highest chance of terrorist attacks ( france , uk , russia )  you do n't fight crime and inequality with more alienating . 
  in this case you need to . 
  yes, 
   the topic was n't changed the topic was changed . 
  you changed from being unemployed to underpayed . 
  both of those arguments are untrue and void . 
   when was the topic changed ? 
  exactly when you pointed it out . 
  this sentence can be understood in both ways . 
  no , you just ca n't read . 
  i think you have difficulties with finding what i wrote . 
   that is n't even an argument !, 
  as much as `` no they would n't . '' . 
  you 're welcome . 
   i 've already told you that it is n't about being employed , but about earning enough money . 
  so then suddenly are you changing toppic from being unemployed to being not-enough wealthy ? 
  i explained him . 
  you 're not related to our discussion . 
  please leave then . 
  you must be really uneducated , if you do n't see the relation of terrorism with muslim immigration . 
  and you 're being ridiculous if you think that statistics about how much of islamists want to kill infidels in europe exists . 
  you act very childish . 
  please think before asking stupid questions . 
  thank you !, 
   no they would n't . 
  yes they would . 
   going back to poland is n't a choice since it 's unlikely that they would find a job . 
  poland is n't croatia . 
  our unemployment rate is low . 
  in larger cities such as pozna\u0144 it 's non-existent ( 2 % )  and you do n't have an argument so you resort to insulting me ? 
  til that saying that someone is acting is an insult . 
  what else i can learn from you . 
  no i end your discussion , because your arguments are retarded , those are two different circumstances . 
  another counterfactualism from you ? 
  you 're being ridiculous , let 's end this meaningless discussion . 
  not all , but most,
