  rome is a dirty and crime-stricken place . 
  of course it 's beautiful , but it does n't look rich . 
  madrid does have skyscrapers . 
  rome is a rather poor and undercared city and also very old . 
  the skyscrapers dont fit into this city , because the city itself is a skansen . 
  i do n't think we should ever abolish building skyscrapers . 
  in warsaw they are perfectly fine . 
  i wish there was more of them and much taller . 
  the city however is too small and the demand for skyscrapers is too low to build them in such a large scale . 
  we need to have 7 % gdp growth annually like china to make it possible . 
  btw bucharest does n't present any architectural values and there are skyscrapers there one `` sky tower '' is a half of that in wroc\u0142aw . 
  build in the same time . 
  the `` bad soil '' and `` seismic actvity '' arguments are shittiest possible in this topic . 
  romania just do n't have money and rich companies/banks to build a highrises and advanced offices . 
  this color is just so much better , having a white thing in front of the modern skyscrapers would only ruin the image of city . 
  but you do n't have any skyscrapers . 
  i do n't think so . 
  people wanted more color and fun in a country of extraordinairy shitty and grey weather . 
  those good looking are the newest renovations that represend today 's styles of aestetic . 
  but they would look boring , especially in winter . 
  too white in my opinion . 
  this is much better than 3rd world looking blocks in russia . 
  looking on that only vodka can change the mood . 
  that 's actually one of the nicest buildings in warsaw to be honest . 
  the symolism is not liked , but the architecture is very sophisticated and fits really well into a varsovian skyline . 
  i ca n't imagine warsaw without that building . 
  sweden was n't a colonial empire and look at their diversity . 
  the same logic i can say that poland is filled with 1 million immigrants from the whole world . 
  which is just plain wrong . 
  poland is nothing in diversity in comparsion to london . 
  that 's close to nothing, 
  well , for instance pakistanis , indians , mexicans etc. 
  or . . romanians , bulgarians , croatians . 
  from 1989 czech repblic had bigger lost . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_the_czech_republic#/media/file:popr%c3%a9ptch%c3%a8que1960-2014.jpg the reason why the czech republic had positive growth it 's because you started from the bottom . 
   we have 120k ukrainians , 100k slovaks ( slovak citizenship ) , 80k vietnamese , 40k russians same in poland ( with larger number ) nothing surprised me there . 
  vietnamese people migrated there during communism and in 90 's and are not the immigrants i 'm talking about . 
  looks almost as if the picture was n't shot in romania, 
  not exact, 
  in reality there is only kashubian , silesian and greater polish , and the dialect of `` g\u00f3rale '' highlanders , that 's all . 
  most dialects in poland are dead . 
  expulsion did the bad things : /, 
  auschwitz was not a jewish ghetto, 
  that 's not jewish ghetto , but jewish distirict ( kazimierz ), 
  does different ways of waving hands counts to the different dialect ? 
  by tvn , newsweek and wyborcza, 
  exactly my thought . 
  people are really brainwashed by media . 
  i gave you other link with actual number of victims of homicide . 
  but if we are going to oecd stats , then most of countries have higher homicide rate and such country as canada has higher homicide rate than poland , yet it 's 3rd safest country in the world . 
  the 0,3 for uk the country known for terrorism and crime abroad is impossible . 
  look there https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate where is an actual number of victims of homicide for every country in the world . 
  thank you for labelling me as nationalist for pointing the facts . 
  i think i need to quit it now , for attacking me personally . 
   but let stick within the framework of reality , shall we ? 
  the reality for you is of course what are you saying , not the facts . 
  russians are the people who commit most crimes in estonia . 
  if i 'm not mistaken one estonian send me the statistical link where the average homicide rate per 100k people in estonia is 8,0 is for russian ethnic population and 3,5 for estonian . 
  not sure if it 's right and valid though . 
   like i said , look at the murder rate https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate maybe you need to look at it and stop lying ? 
   i know many polish redditor with their national napoleon complex dont like this fact , but thats just the way it is they way it is . . for you ? 
  the facts only matter if you like it ? 
  and then saying poles have the napoleon complex ? 
  lol, 
  `` gender inequality '' it is really a most important factor ? 
  what does it mean by that ? 
  poland has one of the lowest gender-related wage inequality in europe . 
  and the biggest have ironically such countries like sweden and norway, 
  `` europe is so much cultured than america '', 
  not for the brits tho . 
  there is something fascinating in it . 
  i always wondered why poland is named `` poland '' in english . 
  we are clearly not the land of po . 
  :d so why german media did n't compare poland ruled by german cdu-financed po ( civic platform ) which did exacly the same , but in disguise and continously ? 
  yes , we know the truth . 
   so when anyone says something about poland they have no idea , but you can tell me what i 'm apparently fed by my media ? 
  ironically most of those `` dictatoship poland '' comments here on reddit comes from german users and most of anti-poish articles were written in german press . 
  that 's not coincidential . 
  and definitely not related . 
   but at no point have i seen an article in a mainstream article saying that poland is almost totalitarian or fascist ... 
  not only dictaorship but even the `` putinist poland '' and `` racist and xenophobic poland ruled by far-right ultra nationalists '', 
  polish media for 8 years ( time of po in charge ) were very very pro-eu . 
   how 's it like under that oppressive eu ? 
  nobody say eu is opressive . 
  germany is trying to be , but the relations are good , still and are proven to be good from the last meeting . 
  you really have some issues , trying to avoid the issue you personally started or just plain trolling . 
   then i have no clue why you bring up `` democratic elections '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/explanation you hovewer have right to have a different political views , but do n't try to attack or impose it on me , because i also observe the political scene in poland and they are far away from the dictatorship . 
  that 's why people do n't know if finland is a country or is a branch of vodka , 
   if you can not handle people with different opinions if only was that . . you know it well , i 'm not going to describe you that . 
   nobody denies them right to rule and nobody denies they won the election did i really say that ? 
  did i say you are worrying about that ? 
  no , you pefectly know what you said . 
  you said that one man ruling a party and therefore a country is something to `` worry '' . 
  and i 'm just explained you that there is nothing to worry since people knew who they are voting for . 
  he wrote most of the program and they are going to make that . 
  no , there is nothing to worry and looking on your comment history and downvotes , you 're either troll or is totally manipulated . 
  i 'm not a pis fan or something , but you 're getting ridiculous . 
  once attack more and you will be reported and ignored by me . 
  a party won a democratical elections with all their promises they are tring to make reality as soon as possible , they are doing exaclty the same what previous party did but much quicker and open for society . 
  in 2019 there will be next democratical election that will sum up their governance and what they promised and what they did .
