  you love foreigners there , but you have restrictions on the amount that can work there !, 
  basically tallin has russian people who lived there for at least 70 years ( most of them were born here ) and they never received the estonian citizenship . 
  there 's nothing common with immigration to tallinn . 
  that 's why we should n't always fully believe in statistics . 
   well , what if the euro could be devalued as well ? 
  i see you do n't undestand something . 
  different countries react differently on for instance an economic crisis . 
  and we 're not like western europe , our economy is based on different topics and that 's why we need to be more independent from west europe , we need to at least have our own currency . 
  introducing euro in pl is a suicide . 
  devaluated euro - whole eurozone equally devaluated z\u0142oty - only poland and polish economy . 
  it 's always better to have national currency , because the currency can be always devaluated . 
  also i like polish kings xd, 
  i 'm also against poland 's join to eurozone . 
  i hope it will never happen, 
  well , that 's interesting . 
  i did n't know about it before, 
  but the main difference is that greenlandic people speak greenlandic not danish unlike peruvians who speak spanish, 
   read a fucking book , pal . 
  not one published in moscow . 
  xd what a book ? 
  it 's just all in wikipedia . 
  just give me an example why ukraine is eniterly different from russia ? 
   keep watching rt , pal . 
  because you know better than us . 
  what the fuck do we know . 
  because ukrainian government is a great government ? 
  if ukrainian government was great ukraine would be on the same level as polish or richer . 
  gdp per capita of ukraine and poland in 1991 was the same . 
  ukraine has good lands , very arable , big amount of resources which are not in use . 
  you had your chance . 
  and i do n't watch any rt or `` moscow books '' just trying to look at it from both perspectives . 
  russian , ukrainian and polish and polish statement is that it 's your buisness you need to fight for your country and we are supporting you , but you also need to listen local people from donbass , because what happen if ukraine win the war against separatist ? 
  it will have an antiukrainian land in ukraine , which will bring later consequences . 
  do n't be so angry mate . 
  just take some view . 
   i 'm sorry , that 's just plain ignorant . 
  it 's so hard to admit that your culture/language and history is nearly the same , the only difference is that you were conquered by lithuanians and russia by mongols and then become independent ? 
   declaring war on us and saying we 're an `` artificial nation '' is not friendship . 
  proposing to poland to `` carve us up '' like a fucking ham is not friendship . 
  holodomor was not friendship . 
  russification was not friendship . 
  as i said its politics ( btw putin did not declare war on ukraine ) but equiped the separatists from russia . 
  and now look at it from different perspective . 
  crimea and donbass are the russian populated regions of ukraine , where the people have extreme strong sentiment towards ussr ( even much bigger than in mainland russia !!!, 
  ) , because when ukraine became indpendent the gdp of this country dropped really hard and much more than russian , because russia had oil and natural gas . 
  those people are highly antiukrainian and hate ukrainian government who is robbing them . 
  they 'd rather die than be part of ukraine again . 
  why just ca n't live them own life ? 
  putin do n't want to take kiev and other ukrainian populated cities . 
  we need to look at it from different perspective and i do n't support terrorists from don , but why ukraine did n't gave them independence , or at least autonomy ? 
   that 's something i find hard to believe ? 
  the numbers i 've read earlier lead me to believe that was impossible without some new , major economic changes . 
  see chinese investments in other words . 
  but it 's not really hard to became economically independent . 
  countries usually trade with themselves and greenland is importing goods in large scale and will still import , due to climate and geographical location ( far from civilisation ) who know maybe they will find an oil resources ( i wish them ) and greenlandic life/culture and dishes are based mostly on the fishes . 
  iceland is selling pretty much a large amount of fished so will greenland . 
  pretty much it is . 
  baltic tribes occupied only the southern part of kievan rus while the eastern became independent , later ukraine was joined to poland . 
  i 'm not an expert but i thought russian separation from rus is due to vikings . . 
  is n't that true ? 
  regardless , ukrainians and russians are very similar and you should n't fight each other and hate because you are basically the same . 
  politics ruined your friendship . 
  for many people it 's saddening that upa are national heoroes of ukraine . 
  many of people hate ukrainians just because of that . 
  well i 've been to greenland once 2 years ago ( nuuk ) and i started to learn deeply about this country and government . 
  greenland is already trying to be free from danish funds and their government is doing everything to make greenland economically independent ( it nearly is now ) but for example the nuuk university is fully funded by denmark and the local people are even receiving a big scholarship , but only if they are the residents of greenland . 
  from danish perspective independent greenland is a lost territory , because denmark will feel smaller than it is with greenland . 
  but i support greenlandic independence because it 's nice to have a real american country . 
  that 's not true then . 
  what about big support to ukraine during maidan/donbass war ? 
  ehh what country are you from ? 
  russia and ukraine both originates from former kievan rus . 
  ukraine was firstly part of polish-lithuanian commonweath and the name of ukraina comes from your geographic location , because in old polish `` ziemie u kraju '' meant ukraine , later it was just called ukraina and zaporo\u017ce . 
  after that ukraine became part of russia for quite a long time ( including soviet union ) russian people and culture and also russification influenced on ukrainians and ukrainian language . 
  i doubt nunavut will become independent , because it 's part of royal territories and greenland is pretty much a colony of denmark with 95 % of greenlanders ( which are deeply connected to inuit/eskimo people from northern canada ) and their government want to became independent from denmark . 
  putins ideology is entirely different from polish mentality . 
  we never thought and defined nations as `` real '' or `` artifcial '' look even silesians got `` nationality '' even if they are really artificial nation ( according to putins logic ) because they are mixture of polish , czech and german culture . 
  like ukraine is mixture of russian and polish . 
  even our worst nationalists do n't think of ukraine as a fake country . 
  that 's something to be proud of . 
  lw\u00f3w is a poverty-stricken city . 
  i 'd never want to have it back . 
  entirely ukrainian city ( by inhabitants ) with less than 10 % poles in it . 
  which is poorer than our poorest regions . 
  i ca n't even imagine how much money we would need to invest in it . 
  i do n't want to have it back even if my family is from there . 
  i wish ukraine will come to eu and schengen in 2040 there will be no borders between us and we will can visit this city every weekend . 
  lviv is not `` entirely different '' from lw\u00f3w , because it was one of the least destroyed polish towns . 
  and soviets/ukrainians did n't build anything worth . 
  there 's only bad roads , no new offices , no modern architecture , no newest places to hang out , or spend your time etc. 
  lw\u00f3w stay polish in it 's heart even if is not part of poland ( and i do n't want it to became part of poland ) country borders do n't define culture . 
  i wish lw\u00f3w stayed polish , but i do n't want to have it back now . 
  what would happen to them after war ? 
  will they be deported back to syria ? 
  i ca n't even imagine such country as lebanon with such number of refugees . 
  estonia can not into nordic aswell as can not into refugees, 
  how is their calculation wrong ? 
  please explain . 
  if the greenland became independent it will be the first native american country in whole americas and another country richer than us . 
  such is life .
