  i doubt . 
  people prefer quiet enviroment . 
  ruralisation happened after 2000 's and when we experienced much economic growth . 
  people went richer and did n't pushed for job that much . 
  people are moving into suburbs and villages , because of cheaper land and more quiet enviroment . 
  you can see the examples everywhere for example tricity - does n't expanding at all , if it is then it 's the suburbs and small cities nearby for example banino , \u017bukowo , szad\u00f3\u0142ki . 
  the same in warsaw general population does not seem to going up , but the cities nearby are . 
  of course there are maybe some villages in the middle of nowhere like near w\u0142odawa , without jobs that maybe are depopulating , but it 's definitely not the problem for a whole country, 
  you actually do n't know situation at all . 
  we do n't have problem with shrinking villages . 
  we have problem with shrinking cities . 
  people tend to move from cities into villages , small cities nearby . 
  this is called ruralisation and it 's noticeable especially where i live . 
  old houses are being wasted and neglected because of empitness , while the suburbs are expanding, 
  read the official stats first . 
  600 thousand of polish slav ( e ) s as you like to call are living now in uk and unemployment has not went up . 
  invest in eastern poland, 
   that 's not easy with a lot of immigrants it 's easy  you for real ? 
  what are you , their spokesman ? 
  i do know some people who live there . 
  i 'm also using internet and see . 
   all european cultures are similar and look how many wars happened in the past . 
  poles and ukrainians have a similar culture , sure . 
  not look up how much killing there has been in the past despite that . 
  yes , ukrainian will kill people , especially those who give them money . 
  do n't make me laugh . 
   all developed countries have this problem . 
  there 's no escaping it . 
  western europe imported muslims and africans to offset it , but they 'll just end up with the same problem 40 years from now . 
  and with crime and unemployment as a bonus . 
  uk , france , ireland , or even germany does n't have it . 
  in uk average polish women have twice as much kids as in poland . 
   or stay and be homeless/work illegally/do crime not gon na happen . 
  they 'd be deported  how am i a hypocrite ? 
  i said `` we do n't need these kind of tensions in our country '' , as in , `` other countries already have them and we do n't want to '' i dobut . 
  600k of poles living in the uk and do n't complain . 
  they even do n't want to move back . 
  they do n't react for `` they took yer jerbs '' comments and so the ukraianians in pl  offsetting population decline with immigration is asking for trouble yes , when the immigrants are from another cultural civilization , unlike ukrainians , which are similar . 
   so what ? 
  we do n't have to open borders to anyone except schengen countries . 
  we have to . 
  because our demographics are abysmal and so the ongoing problem with zus ( lack of people who work , more retired ) also ukrainians working here would pay taxes , which will be benefitial for us . 
   there are not enough jobs for these people if they wo n't find the job , they will go back  they would be willing to work for less than an average pole . 
  you could expect `` they 're taking muh jabs '' in tv every day . 
  we do n't need these kind of tensions in our country . 
  the same in uk , do n't be hypocrite  it would n't cancel out population decline , only stall it . 
  still better than decline . 
  also better ukrainians than muslims . 
  why not ? 
  i honestly doubt the number would be in millions . 
  i expect 300-400k, 
  because poland needs ukrainian immigrants . 
  now we are in pathological situation . 
  ukrainians are working in poland to return to ukraine with money , because they ca n't reside and buy a flat there because of laws . 
  after changes we would have more permanent residents from ukraine that will build our economy and prevent demographical cathastropy . 
  not to mention that our laws towards ukrainians are pretty much very nationalist . 
  only ukrainians that have full right to reside in poland are those with `` pole 's card '' whcih means they have aproved polish background . 
  receiving a visa for average ukrainians is like winning a lotery . 
  i hope for changes . 
  norway is cheaper than switzerland ? 
  really ? 
  people are driving there like crazy, 
  eesti can not into nordic , but can into kawaii ^_^, 
  that accent, 
  it 's literally mordor ;p, 
  wow this is so inaccurate with the numbers in this link, 
  yes , i feel you bro . 
   28 countries , one common language for someone that knows history it does sound suspicious, 
  according to official stats only 1 person received asylum in poland . 
  it sounds familar ... 
  german invasion of poland was catastrophic for germany in a long run . 
  no one sane would want to start a nuclear war with the world . 
  is there any reason russia would attack poland ? 
  i doubt . 
  russia attacking poland would signed a death sentence for themselves . 
  i 'm sick of this warmongering . 
  russia invading poland is an impossible scenario . 
  thank you for kaliningrad, 
  we know that is true . 
  thank you for your liberation, 
  they are also fans of [ chinese food ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwlhrhvysga ), 
  are you sure `` ruski '' is n't more likely ruthenian , than russian ? 
  i think the finns took our vowels . 
  the use them too much . 
  according to this we do n't have any desert, 
  really ? 
  you border syria and iraq, 
  so we 're only liked nation by them ? 
  i guess hard-working is a positive feature . 
  i smell it 's somehow biased . 
  i thought it means something like hard/tough guy or something similar . 
  even your surname is funny, 
  i think the main reason are crime gangs from romania that were known in poland . 
  people asociated romanians with thieves , gypsies , etc. 
  also there is lots of people who thinks that romanians are gypsies . 
  we do n't whine about all countries that are south of us and the baltics , except lithuania . 
  were not that bad, 
  as a polish can confirm . 
  warsaw is on the right place . 
  that 's perfect desrption of him .
