  it will not expand since serbia and ukraine in eu are rather science fiction . 
  and will not dissolve , or worse , transform into use , since people are against it . 
  world sucks, 
  no , it 's only staggering that you live in a polutted , dirty and crime-stricken city , yet you feel any better . 
  warsaw is much better , richer and what 's most important has it 's own character and history that people living there made . 
  and i 'm not from warsaw . 
  look at your dirty city . 
  still better than krak\u00f3w . 
  well , aside the right city centre the city is incredibly ugly . 
  almost like \u0141\u00f3d\u017a . 
  or like a city was a one big praga . 
  are you from \u0141\u00f3d\u017a , sosnowiec or something ? 
  title should be called `` poland from different perspective '' since it shows random places in some cities , not the best or touristy ones . 
  like \u0141\u00f3d\u017a . . wtf is some mural worth doing timelapse ? 
  most tourist ( at least from poland ) visit berlin because it 's very close to border , not because of history . 
  i personally never been to germany ( if we exclude berlin ) so i do n't have any comparsion , but i believe there are way better cities to visit than berlin . 
  i ca n't also predict for what tourist are visiting warsaw . 
  but looking how many there is i 'd assume that it 's a very popular tourist destination . 
  warsaw is in fact a very beautiful city with beautiful city centre , with it 's own character and unproportionally a lot things to do in that city as for only 1,7 mln city . 
  and it 's also very modern , way more than berlin with polish and foreign it headquarters . 
  do n't worry . 
  i visited berlin ( the only city i 've been to in germany ) and it 's is n't a very beautiful city either . 
  i 'd dare to think it 's way uglier that warsaw to be honest . 
  most people who visit first time germany do n't have a great experience , since when they visit cities like berlin . 
  aljazeera with headquarters in qatar ... 
  it could n't be biased at all . 
  both of them were polish , not lithuanian, 
  czechs are on the top because of their funny language . 
  otherwise . 
  there is no reason to love czech people . 
  they drive like shit , they hate our food , but still go to poland in masses for shopping they are narcisstic and very loud . 
  while romanians we hate so much are very polite and hospitable . 
  sometimes i do n't understand my nation . 
  we lick ass of people that shit on us and pretend there is nothing wrong with that . 
  see -  germany , us , eu, 
  you are in nato , yet you hate nato . 
  seems logical . 
  i predict the same feelings are towards the eu . 
  well , that 's a reason to dislike . 
  the law you cited does n't apply to both . 
  you 're not responsible for leftist parties , the leftist parties are responsible for you . 
  i think you just discovered your own definition of freedom of press and speech . 
  both cases are different . 
  then you 're nazi right ? 
  anyone that opposes the truth is a nazi , racist etc btw sanctions for racism is also against the freedom of speech by your means . 
  leftist parties voted in favor of implementing that law especially in germany . 
  in sweden there is north korean freedom of speech then . 
  too bad it 's on top of international measures . 
  if it 's not harmful then it does n't violate the freedom of speech . 
  as simple as that . 
  i feel sometimes like i 'm talking with 7 years old that does n't exactly understand some things 1 . 
  i asked about freedom of press not about freedom of speech . 
  it 's not violating freedom of speech . 
  otherwise you are against criminalization of holocaust denial , which makes you nazi according to your leftist parties you support . 
  some people really have trouble in reading . 
  i 'm not working right now . 
  usually i do n't have time to do it as you after school/college kids . 
  where they limited freedom of press ? 
  did i skip something ? 
  i think millions share my opinion since there are many intelligent poles . 
  most of them ( like me ) usually work instead of being on reddit . 
  i think when it 's real threat of woman 's life the abortion must be carried out , otherwise it 's illegal since it can kill the woman . 
  the new abortion law proposal mainly focuses on handicapped children . 
  which have right to live . 
  even if ... 
  the opinion clearly says that if a woman does n't want a child it does n't make it legitimate of killing it . 
  so are you going to teach me your own sex education ? 
  please ... if someone is n't responsible then something like sex is n't for it . 
   gazeta.pl you made me choke, 
  then do n't have sex at all until you are responsible . 
  it 's not hard to double-protect itself . 
  not my problem if someone could n't control itself during sexual adventures . 
  if someone is n't even capable of controlling itself , then she has no right of killing life . 
  i do n't want to get an abortion and i think that killing children is something unmoral . 
  also i doubt ttip is going to be introduced . 
  i 'm not criticizing . 
  i 'm against this projection that creates image that all poles are against something and something else . 
  this is just false manipulation . 
  most poles do n't care and much more are for it than against it . 
  that party was elected for a reason . 
  showing only some picked up protests and overestimating number of people and even showing an article from such `` unbiased '' newspaper as guardian i recall as manipulation . 
  you do n't contribute to discussion , so i need you shut you up forcefully ( i did n't want that ) if your useless troll messages will still be repeating you will be muted by me . 
  so many problems when 15 year old kids are on reddit . 
  i did n't vote for any party , because i think they are all equally shit with small differences . 
  politics ca n't affect me personally so i do n't care and live my life like majority of my countrymens . 
  if you would ask them on the streets what do they think of constitutional court `` crisis '' they would answer mostly that 's just another political war of parties . 
  i spent too much time here to not to conclude that . 
  there is also nothing wrong with saying intelligent , since that it is a very nice word . 
  finally , i did not start or wanted to discuss with you , so why do you want to stop the discussion with me , even if we did n't even start this discussion ? 
  p. s. disturbing my discussion with other users is n't very nice , so please if you do n't contribute to our discussion with any valuable information about this thread , leave my inbox now , please . 
  this party is a conservative-left it has nothing in common with real right , that focuses on personal freedom and choices . 
  yes that 's non-issue for intelligent poles , who have their own lifes and hobbies unaffected politics and most importantly unaffected by a bunch of butthurt minority which can feel like a majority only on reddit . 
  so glad that minority was n't so active during the previous reign . 
  picking up the `` right '' ( in both senses ) party to bash is something very typical . 
  so i 'll leave that . 
  it 's like the first person who ever learnt lithuanian and found it useful , 
  if only law and justice was a far right party ... 
  constitutional court is a non-existent topic for most of intelligent poles . 
  i 'm glad nobody intelligent takes this seriously, 
  easy ethnic pattern ... romanian - illiterate hungarian - literate,
