  there is almost 80 milion irish outside ireland and only 4 milion in ireland in poland there is 38 milion polish in poland while 22 milion outside poland . 
  yep , we are pretty similar nations . 
  yes !, 
  it was kronenbourg . 
  it tastes terrible . 
  oh , when i got `` mail '' i have n't see the flag . 
  and i thought you 're probably from spain , or portugal and then bam !, 
  i knew it !, 
  most of the erasmus students in poland are from spain , portugal or italy . 
  and polish girls think you 're handsome ( which means we 're ugly , i can aprove that i 'm ugly ) and overall polish girls are more interested in foreign men than domestic , which you can clearly see in erasmus . 
  we had a running joke for quite a lot of time . 
  - what is the best way to pick up a girl ? 
  - tell her `` i 'm from erasmus '' etc. 
  so , if you will be in pl next time , do n't lose you 're chance , 
  it had long name ... 
  i do n't remember exact name because i do n't know french . 
  it was in blue can . 
  it had verry bitter taste and i could n't feel any alcohol . 
  i 've tasted the french beer . 
  it tastes horrible . 
  no wonder why they do n't drink too much . 
  hoho we 're be'er than irish !, 
  who would 've thought ... 
  polish girl + erasmus student = love . 
  trust me , it 's true . 
  we have even jokes about it . 
  poland stronk !!!, 
   we like expensive cars this might be true . 
  when i 've been to germany i saw more good cars than in other european countries , even if germans statistically earn less money than rest of western europeans, 
  lol germany is an isle in `` loved '' western europe, 
  better than russians , worse than most of the western europeans . 
  - poland can into space . 
  - polish calvarly never attacked german tanks - there is no such things as `` polish death camps '' - we do n't eat pierogi and bigos all the time - we do n't often drink alcohol , or not as much as russia , denmark , finland do . 
  - warsaw is far worse than krakow , to visit . 
   like ruthenian was not the oficial language of the grand duchy of lithuania but used to comunicate with south-eastern region and while lithuanian give me an example . 
  there is evidence of ruthenian being an official language . 
  just all the chronicles , writings , prayers were written in ruthenian , while lithuanian was n't even written . 
   i do n't know anyone in belarus named the slavinised version jogaila is lithuanized version of xix century . 
  before that in many international writings he was descripted as jagie\u0142\u0142o ( even french , latin ) . 
  his official name still is jagie\u0142\u0142o , because jogaila is not the exact name . 
   modern `` polish '' minority are not living in ethnically polish lands what a bullshit . 
  those lands were part of poland before ww2 . 
  they are not `` tutejszy '' they clearly know they are polish , not lithuanian . 
  russian minority in lithuania is in diaspora , while polish lives only in eastern lithuania , back then even in kowno , almost 60 % of the people spoke polish , but they were forcibly lithuanized , or expelled . 
  just look at those parades in vilnius , they are clearly polish , because they speak polish , and associate with poland . 
   ruin polish-lithuanian noone but lithuanians themselves ruined this relationship , clearly your people and your politicians . 
  unfortunately lithuania is still far behind western nations . 
  you are russian-like . 
  gas , kill . 
  literally poland under german occupation . 
   today as lithuanian i learned that ruthenian was the only oficial language used in grand duchy i 'm happy that you have learned something , just look at wikipedia . 
  ( of course you will tell me now that wikipedia is bullshit , only truth is from batlic lithuanian version of history where mighty lithuania annexed weak poland in krewo , then in lublin , but bad polish people forcibly polonized them , such a shame ) fun fact . 
  it 's well know fact that everyone could speak whatever language they want . 
  official language was language of officials ( nobles , dukes , merchants ) lithuanian was language of peasants . 
  just simple fact . 
  in polish-lithuanian commonwealth most of the upper class started to learn polish instead ruthenian to comunicate with upper class from krak\u00f3w , warsaw , or lw\u00f3w , another fact for speaking polish was good reputation of polish as a international language of rzeczpospolita , just like english was official language of united kingdom and now only few people speak scottish , welsh or irish , but noone forcibly englinized them , they sure can speak their own language . 
  they have even tv news in scottish and welsh but i understand your point for lithuania , when official language forces someone to speak their language , like polish ca n't even have own street names , and they got fines . 
  but do n't worry poland is not like lithuania , we are much more openminded and free . 
  i forgot to add that lithuanian language before xix century was very different from what is now . 
  in xixc . 
  most of the lithuanian words were changed into new , or old lithuanian , which noticeably changed the enitre language . 
  this is exactly time when lithuanians started to think of themselves as a lithuanians and lithuanian nationalism started, 
  it was called kievan rus then . 
  it is even funnier when you realise that when franciszek skaryna was translating bible from latin to ruthenian , lithuanian ( rather samogitian ) written language did n't even exist then . 
  ruthenian was official language of grand duchy , with cyrillic alphabet . 
  while samogitian lithuanian was rather marginal language . 
  which was highly modified in xix when lithuanian words was changed into other new words ( or old lithuanian words ), 
  i think they would rather be called ukrainians :  , lithuania was a big region where 90 % population were slavs and only 10 % baltic  and lithuanians love to take this region only for themselves . 
  they do n't even know that they were n't significant group and they language started to spread in xviii-xix, 
  his mother was ruthenian as well as the father . 
  jogaila is lithuanized name from xix century . 
  lithuanian language really was introduced in xix century . 
  look , in grand duchy of lithuania only written language except latin and polish was ruthenian , not lithuanian . 
  only peasants spoke that language and it was very marginal language . 
  from celtic name dubh linn, 
  he sounds more russian than russians, 
  yup , belarus is pretty undevalued in it 's history . 
  most of lithuania was ruthenian . 
  most of the grand dukes of lithuania were from there . 
  also szlachta had a lot of manor houses there . 
  union of lublin created rzeczpospolita from kingdom of poland and grand duchy of lithuania . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/union_of_lublin today lublin is a nice historic town . 
  i like it more than krak\u00f3w, 
  from dublin via berlin to lublin . 
  he was ruthenian , not lithuanian , but whole ruthenians were also called lithuanians , because of the region . 
  p\u00f2r\u00e9nk\u00f2w\u00f4 p\u00f2m\u00f2rsk\u00f4 master race, 
  i know you 're talking to yourself . 
  now shut up boris . 
  now drink vodka and beat your wife svetlana borshtinkovskiska, 
  i hope you 're joking, 
   when poland invades ukraine/russia during the civil war are you an idiot ? 
  russia invaded ukraine and shot down malaysian plane . 
  you 're right , boris . 
  less russian interest for poland - better poland . 
  actually russia is decaying shithole and you know that . 
  you all live in putins illusion . 
  russian troll decected . 
  implying russia is a contry ... russia is a mafia ruled place , not country . 
  russians already planned to nuke warsaw ( the famous mission west ) so we should n't really take that seriously, 
   worst secret ever worst prices ever - lufthansa,
