  however wroc\u0142aw is a better place for living and it 's also a nice place to visit . 
  if someone is first time in poland i recommend krak\u00f3w , but if someone is going to poland to visit recently i recommend wroc\u0142aw far more , because there are tones of nice places . 
  if you visit wroc\u0142aw do n't skip the islands in the center of city and of course ostr\u00f3w tumski ( on this picture ), 
  everybody recommends krak\u00f3w , because they have never been to wroc\u0142aw probably . 
  -13 c in gdynia at 2 pm and no snow too, 
  go to airport and fly from belgrade to warsaw take a train to budapest and from budapest to warasaw, 
  the difference between batumi and wroclaw batumi 0 c wroclaw -14 c right now, 
  good year to poland though . 
  i hope next one will be even better . 
  i wish all of you great 2016 . 
  hey , we actually conquered moscow quite easily . 
  i prefer re-invading moscow . 
  no , i just have historical facts , if you do n't like them , then leave . 
  lithuanians get banned in polandball for spreading the fake history and insulting people . 
  i dislike people who do n't know history and are feeded with nationalism formed by the fake version of history . 
  what i gathered from internet was that apparently unusual number of lithuanians are like that . 
   wot ? 
  so because it was written in prussia it has nothing to do with lithuania ? 
  yes , if even baltic lithuanian books were n't written in the `` country '' ( not since 1385 ) that you claim a descendent of a modern lithuania then something is n't ok there . 
   so i guess people that speak samogitian to this day speak some made up language ? 
  in fact the modern lithuanian is somehow made up . 
  after creation of republic of lithuania , the government changed the language , replaced the original polish-based alphabet with new artificial letters , changed words grammar etc. 
  the book was written in samogitian , that later was called lithuanian , and most important . 
  the book was n't written in poland , but in prussia . 
  which makes obvious that grand duchy of lithuania has nothing common with republic of lithuania or hostorical samogitia . 
  historically in polish culture the term lithuanian was used mostly to modern belarusians , while the samogitians to modern lithuanians , even prior to the end of xix century . 
  then something like `` lithuanian identity '' has come to minds of balts and they took this name . 
   not sure where are you getting the 10 % -15 % ? 
  the number should be even lower . 
  the nobility was a slight percent of regular population usually 7-8 % , however poland was known as a country with highest percentage of noblemans in europe , together with spain . 
  it is estimated that over 10 % of poles have nobel background . 
  gedymin build a baszta in the region that was n't even a city there . 
  the city was build and planned by polish colonisers in xiv century . 
  the nobility located the city under the magdeburg law ( typical for every polish city ) and build a first archydiocesy . 
  the andrzej jastrz\u0119bec , the first one was born in krak\u00f3w . 
  also the city rights then were established . 
  how gedymin , which was arguably a ruthenian have rights to the city by building a tower there ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/martynas_ma%c5%bevydas as the name and his biography suggest he was a samogitian balt , not a lithuanian . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polonization polonization was volountairy and affected only a small member of society ( about 10-15 % of people ) and only the upper class ( members of nobility ) and was n't localized but located in whole poland . 
  in another words polonization had no effects on demographics , since the polonized member of nobility moved away from their previous lands and the peasants and merchants stayed . 
  and poles who founded and build wilno and kowno like andrzej jastrz\u0119biec the first bishop of wilno were living there from at least xiii-xiv century , many of them were born in poland and they moved there as the merchant routes opened . 
  in xx century making up 99 % of population together with polish jews . 
  in ww2 lithuanians with germans slaughtered entire jewish population and most of polish then after 1945 lithuanians and soviets expulsed most of poles from there . 
  and repopulate the empty homes with lithuanian immigrants . 
  poles were forbidden to speak polish , and they were persectuted , those who survived and stayed make up now only 17 % of vilnius population unlike polonization , the lithuanization had dramatic effects on demographics . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanization  soon after the coup d'\u00e9tat in 1926 , nationalists came to power led by antanas smetona . 
  the nationalists made the decision to forbid attendance of polish schools by lithuania . 
  children from mixed families were also forced to attend lithuanian schools . 
  many poles in lithuania were signed in as lithuanians in their passports , and as a result they also were forced to attend lithuanian schools . 
  the number of polish schools gradually decreased to 9 in 1940 . 
  [ 17 ] in 1936 a new law was passed that allowed a student to attend polish school only if both parents were poles . 
  [ 20 ] the situation resulted in the opening of unsanctioned schools that numbered more than 40 in 1935 and were largely sponsored by `` pochodnia . 
  '' [ 17 ] [ 20 ] a similar situation developed with regard to german schools in the klaip\u0117da region . 
   grand duchy of lithuania wasinhabited mainly by slavic peoples ( the ancestors of today belarusians and ukrainians ) , while the baltic tribes ( the ancestors of today lithuanians ) mainly inhabited territory of present day lithuania . 
  the official language was russian slavic language ( including written language ) and polish to 1699 . 
   the only reason it became ruthenian was expansion into the ruthenian lands.in 1260 the lithuanians lived where todays lithuania is . 
  no , they did n't live there they lived in most of lands of today lithuania . 
  wilno , kowno and lands for centuries were always ethnic polish territories , since they earliest medieval scripts were all using polish and polish-related names . 
  vilna/vilnae and civitas kowno . 
  lithuania is now a different country than it was . 
  it does n't have enything common with former grand duchy of lithuania . 
  this is like saying that fyrom is a former macedonian empire . 
  what about sweden and `` swden yes '' memes ? 
  and try to not call the economist rubbish . 
  it 's impossible . 
   a change in taxes will have an affect right away do you read what i write ? 
  `` economic results are seen almost instantly or ** with a year gap ** '' that 's right when po-psl coalition robbed polish taxpayers money in from the open retirement funds and relocated them to the national one the country debt artificially went down instantly . 
  the other changes such as reforms with take longer but no longer than 2 years . 
  considering fact that pis is working very hard to introduce everything what they promised in a very short time it will have an effects much earlier than it should be from the definition . 
  no , that 's not true . 
  the economic results are seen almost instantly or with a year gap . 
  like when government will cut taxes the results will be seen immediately . 
  i 'm sorry but we 're yet to have 3,8 % of annual gdp growth in 2016 . 
  i think we should avoid reading the economist . 
  this tabloid lost any credibility in recennt years . 
  with that attitude estonia might have 100x more chance to into nordic . 
  it is not usually visible / s, 
  pretty amazing what those protesters teach those kids ... to kill political opponents . 
  how nice . 
  because it was based on polish anthem . 
  the most italian video ever . 
  not sure if you 're trolling . 
   i 'm sorry to inform you , but mass exodus of professionals is impacting poorer countries all over the world not exclusively poland you showed the philipines example . 
  but what about india , what percentage of this 1,2 billion nation emigrate ? 
  not so much . 
  from china ? 
  even less . 
  i 'd also remind you about richer countries more close to poland in wealth such as malaysia where are all those immigrants in the uk ? 
  2 % of china emigrates , that 's 26 million people . 
  where are all they in uk ? 
  so why do you imput this ? 
  britian has immigration , but nowhere as big as was in 2004 . 
  ------- i see you still do n't understand what i 'm saying and this is not good . 
  you are showing me examples which do n't have much in common in what i 'm saying . 
  there is officially 600k of poles in uk . 
  nowhere as much philipinos , chinese or indians in uk also those countries have high birth rate so that loss does n't mean much in that conditions . 
   polish immigration is usually welcome , especially professionals however my point is that if people would not immigrate from poland they would immigrate from other countries that are poorer comparatively to the uk such as india , pakistan , philippines , bangladesh etc point is that 1 . 
  this is not that scale of immigration 2 . 
  those people would not be a loss to the society of countries they emigrate from . 
   which companies illegally avoid tax ?
