  for many homosexuals those `` parades '' are shame , because they bring hate and intolerance . 
  ahh maybe german minority . 
  ok now, 
  how can anoyone spread something what is normal ? 
  are we living in a paralel universe ? 
  parades , organisations , etc. 
  what a lying news source . 
  reminds me tvn24  korwin-mikke has previously stated that women should not have the vote and campaigned on a homophobic platform . 
  he said that noone should be able to vote not only women , because he 's monarchist . 
  and also he 's not homophobic , he respects homosexulas but not the people who spread it . 
  in fact i 'm not supporting janusz korwin-mikke , becasuse some of his views are unacceptable for me , he 's very smart and clever though . 
  wow i 'm surprised, 
  that 2 % from spain must be from mallorca ( if you know what i mean  ), 
  but poland did n't create that war , us did . 
  i 'd like poland to be neutral , we do n't want terrorism in our country . 
  unfortunately you 're right . 
   when it comes to visas , well that effects the average american directly , you need to suck some serious cock for that that 's why we want to get rid of this and stop sending our troops to afghanistan, 
  well , it is based what average polish thinks . 
  first of all were involved in iraq and afghanistan conflict we lost a lot of our soldiers there , but usa ca n't even build anti-missile shield in our country , not mention about visas . 
  because it is one side love . 
  we give them a lot and get nothing . 
  i think he might be . 
  he wants bigger european alliance and less connection with us , that will be good for eu . 
   it 's totally unacceptable but government is slow to react and there was a lot of illegal polish migration to the us what illegal immigration ? 
  i 've never heard of it . 
  poles already are n't interested in emigration to us . 
  there are countries with better standards and they are closer . 
  old polish minority migrated there illegal during communism and war , and that 's all . 
  usa now does not bring perspectives for polish people . 
  i 'm focused on travelling access , because the way to get the visa is not acceptable , us is treating everyone like potential terrorists . 
  so , poland also should abolish visa-free movement from us ? 
  if poland and us want to be serious partners then we need to treat ourselves seriously . 
  and about missile shield ... usa said that they will create them in poland to 2007 . 
  it 's 2014 and we do n't have even one . 
  but the most pathetic from all of those things are our current rulling politicians who are playing like everything is ok . 
  visas to usa ? 
  no problem . 
  no missile shield ? 
  no problem . 
  many crying families who lost their kids in iraq and afghanistan ? 
  no problem !, 
  everything to usa . 
  that 's why polish people think like that . 
  it 's not that poles do n't want to have alliance with usa . 
  actually poland is probably the most loyal of us allies . 
  the problem is that it is only one side love . 
  many of our soldiers died in iraq and afghanistan and we get back nothing , only warm words . 
  we still need to have visa to enter usa , while us citizens can enter poland without visa , etc. 
  that 's unfair and also america failed with building anti-missile shield in pl . 
  sikorski just said what average pole think . 
  it 's not that we do n't like them , just our romance is toxic, 
  i 've never mentioned that i like them , but for many it is attraction because it connects to the history . 
  and in baltic states those blocks are n't renovated , and they looks like if they were in communist times . 
  bars , shops , night clubs , or nice people ... you have it everywhere in europe , but that kind of architecture is only reserved to eastern europe . 
  how about liepaja ? 
  i 've been to liepaja and i would say that thing what i found interesting in baltic states ( lithuania and latvia ) is the quite well preserved communist ( soviet ) history . 
  you can see many commieblocks in their natural colors ( like in good ol' times ) and also the most famous latvian-soviet prison which is one of the attractions of liepaja . 
  it 's nice to explore our northern neigbours  i 'd definitely come back . 
  maybe to other cities . 
  rzesz\u00f3w - city in southeastern poland which is not very big and well known , but it has many historical landmarks . 
  also try przemy\u015bl which is very close to rzesz\u00f3w, 
  well , he is right . 
  that 's sad but true . . 
  i saw british who speak french ... now i can die in peace . 
   not in any serious newspaper in scandinavia of course not , because your politicians do n't see the problem . 
  actually in many non-scandinavian world wide news sources we can read something about crimes connected with islam . 
  and by saying connected with islam i do n't mean that muslim did crime ( like f.e. 
  swede can do ) but he did it because of islam . 
  you are trying to convince me that muslims are flawless . 
  like i said i do n't have much against muslims as a people , but i do n't want europe to be changed in muslim world where women have no right they are beaten by men , they are mutilated http://www.breitbart.com/breitbart-london/2014/06/20/female-genital-mutilation-in-sweden-all-30-girls-in-one-class-cut they ca n't even show thier neck . 
  and about `` less serious media '' poland has one of the biggest freedom of press in europe . 
  and because of that media can show everything . 
  do you think that presenting the muslim brutality is `` less serious '' ? 
  then what is serious ? 
  showing happy people like in north korea ? 
  maybe i did n't understand you or you are playing like everything is ok . . about `` crazy '' views . 
  everyone has other views ... 
  i would n't also consider your views normal . 
  you also probably do n't read that muslims want to introduce sharia law in europe . 
  that 's normal ? 
  well , if you like it then it 's ok . 
   this type of factoid can only be found on right-wing , nonsense websites these are tones of news about raped women in a name of allah etc. 
  you need to look at it and also read quran + and also i do n't believe that native swedes are so rapist . 
  it ca n't be true by looking how much swedish stats are higher than others . 
  unfortunately i do n't have info who commited that crime because of swedish political correctness . 
  people just ca n't say that muslims done it , because they will have problems . 
  sweden is known for high number of muslim immigrants and people/politicians are trying to hide problems . 
  for muslims rape is often connected with their religion with christians not . 
  for muslims raping a christian or atheist women is not rape it 's `` justice '' ( for idk what ) about rape classification in sweden . 
  you seem to be an expert in swedish law . 
  i do n't know if it 's true or not , but sexual harrasments other than rape are not classified as rape in every country . 
  sexual harrasment is sexual harrasment , rape is rape these are two distinguishable things . 
  stats are about rape , and only about it . 
  sweden is like big dot in europe in that kind of stats . 
  and it is connected with muslim population . 
   muslims are generally non-europeans in sweden/scandinavia/europe . 
  it 's very relevant to the discussion . 
  vietnamese immigrants ( if you have them in scandinavia ) are also non-european and they are not raping christian ( or every women ) that 's not connected if they are european or not . 
  the religion is answer . 
  muslims not only rape , but cut off heads of `` bloody non-believers '' i have nothing about muslims as a people but there is difference between muslims .
