  so much of historical igrorance . 
  * `` units of the eesti omakaitse ( estonian home guard ; approximately 1000 to 1200 men ) were directly involved in criminal acts , taking part in the round-up of 200 roma people and 950 jews . 
  [ 1 ] units of estonian auxiliary police participated in the extermination of jews in the pskov region of russia [ not in citation given ] and provided guards for concentration camps for jews and soviet pows in j\u00e4gala , vaivara , klooga , and lagedi . 
  [ 1 ] '' * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_holocaust_in_estonia, 
  dude , stop trolling . 
  ukraine fighting from dictatorship is turning into dictatorship again . 
  well done . 
  hungarian imperialism on the rise !, 
  a blinded person ... 
  polish people do n't take benefits , or if they take they have right because they pay taxes on them by working , much more and effective than britons , unlike child-benefit takers muslims . 
  i 'm not defending anyone , but that 's the truth . 
  also most poles would rather go back to poland and big percent of them will sooner or later move away from britain , unlike muslims who want to introduce shariah law in the uk . 
  you 're blind and unrespectful to british women and little girls . 
  i have no time discussing with you , but if you want them so much welcome them in your house and send picture on reddit ( if you are reliable person ) i honestly do n't believe in that, 
  most of terrorists are muslims and if you observe the situation you will see that most of them are young rude males looking for social benefits and behaving like apes . 
  some of them are also hidden isis terrorists and it 's confirmed . 
  they are hiding between them and they are indistinguishable . 
  may i ask you the same question again ? 
  why ca n't you invite them into your house ? 
  huh ? 
  if you want islamic terrorists in your country invite them in your house and finance their lifes . 
  you 're very welcome . 
  busy dealing gas pipelines with russia . 
  where is this german european `` solidarity '' ? 
  they said : please , goodbye , have a nice day etc. 
   the city was longer named danzig than gdansk . 
  and germanic tribes settled in pomerania before the slavs came . 
  no , it was always named gda\u0144sk , because 80 % of lifetime of this city was under polish rule ,  the city was longer named danzig than gdansk . 
  and germanic tribes settled in pomerania before the slavs came . 
  yeah , what else mate ? 
  even name pomerania does n't sound very german huh ? 
  because it is n't :d, 
   `` danzig '' is the german and english name that was in use until it was renamed to gdansk . 
  original name was gda\u0144sk and `` danzig '' is only a misspelling of that . 
  name used in german . 
  that 's all . 
  original name was gdansk  hahahahahahahaha . 
  i have n't laughed that much for quite a while ;d because you 're retard  haha , no . 
  according to the survey done in 1919 . no , 
  the same what they have done with poles in gda\u0144sk in xix century and xx century . 
   ( original name - danzig ) are you really a historical retard ? 
   was 95 % german . 
  according to nazi german surveys . 
  really reliable . 
  i could gladly say that in xix century city of flensborg had 90 % danish inhabitants , but it was conquered and genocided by prussia later and that 's how schleswig-holstein is now german . 
  similairly with saarbrucken but this time with french . 
  this is not german city , retard . 
  sighisoara , romania . 
  this place is so welcoming and charming . 
  also i was quite positively surprised people tried to talk with me in polish . 
  never said that . 
  i 'm hardly nationalistic . 
  but the facts are true . 
  many of brits are lazy fucks and if your opinion of uk is only london , then it 's not real uk . 
  what do you have which all those `` nazi '' things in your comments ? 
  you need to make your fake accounts to say so ? 
  ( i hope that i 'm wrong there ), 
   what fuck is wrong with you ? 
  time to leave the keyboard and actually go outside and meet people yes , it 's basically what you need now . 
  and maybe forever . 
  stop using reddit . 
  here is the video : https://youtu.be/soktmkqk_qy?t=50, 
  redditor from 3 days . 
  how many accounts do you have ? 
  redditor from 2 days . 
  you can really fuck off . 
  also i have nothing if they would come back . 
  seriously . 
  also do n't lie . 
  big portion of uk 's economy is dependentent on us . 
  i would gladly see what would happen if lazy britons would have to work . 
  i think that germany should shut up ( i mean merkel , i have nothing against all germans ) and take them all if they are so vocal and `` humanitarian '' they do n't even see that isis planned to transfer terrorist hiding through the `` refugees '' ( mostly strong young mens , looking for money ) that 's their plan . 
  we ca n't measure who is a terrorist and who is not in a bunch of migrants , then we should deport them all or take only children and maybe some women . 
  young men will be deported back . 
  also if we accept immigrants , there will be an another wave of them motivated by success of todays migrants . 
  edit : shout/should, 
  a copy account of u / brazul . 
  you probably do n't read what i write . 
  i said that majority of them want sweden , not germany . 
  there was even news of protesting immigrants in germany who shouted : `` we do n't want to stay in germany , we want sweden ! '', 
  the number germany will take will be lowered dramaitcally , because most of them will flee to sweden , which offers them better social care than germany . 
  i ask you once more . 
  if you ca n't afford immigrants , deport them , but do n't terrorize other countries to take them . 
  that 's not our business . 
  germany is n't known for it 's solidarity , then you wo n't expect us solving your problems , since your policiticians use `` solidarity '' only when it comes to german interest . 
  also i checked you 're profile ... redditor from 18 minutes . 
  you 're a troll . 
  i hope you get banned , or at least donwnvoted . 
  germany had no complains taking our money through gas deals with russia against europe and if you ca n't really afford taking immigrants , then why are you welcoming and invitining them to germany . 
  you see even majority of them do n't want to stay in germany . 
  they want sweden !, 
  you have wrong thermometer , or placed in a heated place by sun ( does n't mean exactly exposed on sun ) sources claim highest temperature in wroc\u0142aw this year was 37c, 
  in poland there was never a temperature of 42 c. go and check meteorological statistics . 
   this summer we had +42 \u00b0 c that 's false . 
  yes , locating nato bases would surely end to ww3 ... 
  merkel said `` this is against russia-nato treaty '' and they did n't want to `` irritate '' russia . 
  while russia broke almost all treaties . 
  basically merkel has not power in poland-nato retalations , and her words are n't last , but we 'll have troubles making this , or we wo n't be able to do it anyway . 
  just to remind you nato bases in poland was a primairly electional goal for our new president . 
  now germans `` beg '' for solidarity , when they did n't show this signing gas treaties with russia against poland and when they did n't allow to locate nato bases in eastern poland .
