  we do n't ask for opinion of poles living in uk , stay there and assimilate with nonproblematic british society and do n't interfere in our issues, 
  you seem to put a lot of things related to polish researches . 
  are you interested in that ? 
  could n't disagree . 
  you should be happy * you was n't insulted * most people are either slavs or racist , idiots and dirty, 
  you 're non-country after all . 
  it 's a matter of maitenance . 
  in poland there are dozen of them , but they are renovated and they looks kinda decent . 
   i was surprised how lowly many thought of ukrainians the only reason of some not very nice stereotypes is due to ukrainian nationalism and worshiping of stepan bandera . 
  overall ukrainians get high notes , especially ukrainian girls , ukrainian men are less respected . 
  south finland for soome * ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  belarusians - lithuanians , polish russians - not slavic , mongols i 'd say this is pretty accurate considering internet comments . 
  warsaw is very expensive when it comes to the flat level , mostly because there was a lot of new construction recently and most buildings are new and modernist with high standards . 
  the prices also vary very much between wilan\u00f3w and praga . 
  that 's because kaliningrad is a relatively a new name introduced also in german disctionary , that was never used before . 
  however other places in poland stayed because they had their historically apropriate and used for centuries names and thus are switchable . 
  similar in polish google maps/earth . 
  there are polish names to every city , when kalinigrad seems to stay , that 's because kaliningrad also used to be introduced as a new official name of the city in polish . 
  this reminds me so much of slovakia when i drived though it . 
  so which reparations for you are credible ? 
  if the crime was committed 70 years ago it 's horrible , but when it happened 100 years ago nothing happened ? 
  before anyone starts spreading shit . 
  only 18 % of bia\u0142owie\u017ca forest is considered ancient . 
  there are no plans or whatever to log this part of the forest . 
  this logging is due to diseases that may attack the actual protected forest . 
  wow , kida amazing that polish article in wikipedia about this plant is like 10x larger than its english counterpart . 
  us poles know whats up in this matter . 
  i 'm happy that this shock therapy will change at least something . 
  but all this shit that came up after revealing really shows how degenerated whole romanian society was , when even a high government officials and basically everyone was corrupt . 
  it shows that this state could n't function normally . 
  they do n't move the city . 
  they are destroying the old one and build a new buildings in a different place . 
  it 's not what `` moving a city '' is . 
  everyone needs some freedom, 
  you 're more french than france , congratulations !, 
  it seems like the whole romanian government and high institutionals were corrupted to the core before this cleaning . 
  it 's hard to imagine how degerated this society was . 
  glad that something it 's done , i hope that 's not a political war of putting opponents to jail for `` corruption '', 
  do n't bother anyone here , it 's / r/europe . 
  they know it best . 
  they are experts on poland . 
  also the `` keeping out immigrants '' coming from a guy with flair of a bigot country who shouts `` fuck eu '' and want immigrants out is kinda ironic . 
   educated people of new generation , who are n't brainwashed by the mass media you 're maybe of new generation , and maybe educated , but i 'm not so sure about `` not being brainwashed by media '' you seems like one . 
   we 're very young when it comes to generation wealth-building . 
  `` old wealth '' got effectively eliminated when bolsheviks came well you do n't need to educate me historically , i know history very well mate . 
  the general diproportion of welath in poland is still pretty low . 
  poland has relatively low number of millionaires and our billionares are international dwarfs . 
  it 's not like it 's something very bad . 
  we at least do n't have similar situation like in ukraine . 
   luckily , we 're growing very fast again i dare to have different opinion . 
   with number of millionaires doubling every four years well that 's great , but it 's like be proud of installing a first elevator in ethiopia . 
  even if we 're growing fast , relatively , we 're growing not so fast . 
  the number of polish millionaires will be very low for decades . 
  if you do n't have anything valuable to say - leave . 
  i do n't wish for any primitive po voters to attack me personally . 
   we 're ranked 38th out of ~ 195 countries , when it comes to number of millionaires not when it comes to millionaires per capita . 
   there 's big difference between $ 1m and 2m pln . 
  having mortgage-free house in large city 's suburbs and driving < 2yo car already puts you halfway there towards 2m pln net worth . 
  it seems it does n't since polish millionaires are a small ellite . 
  in comparsion 1/8 of americans are millionaire . 
   we have an alpha male here so glad in your environment a people who care about civilised discussion are alpha males . 
  at least it prove any stereotypes aboyut certain party voters . 
  wikipedia : a person who provides financial banking services and typically works in a bank . 
  petru worked for a bank , petru was a banker . 
  as simple as that . 
  43.000 / 38.000.000 x 100 % = 0.113 % math checks out . 
   you must be living in some parallel universe then you might be living there for sure . 
  i 'm not using a outer world maths at least . 
  43 thousand millionaires is a very very low number as for international standards . 
   what about security guards working in a bank ? 
  wow seiriously ? 
  do n't you see the difference between the top notch decision maker with a irrelevant working stuff ? 
   2m pln does n't even get you into top 1 % in poland it is . 
  there are barely any riches in poland . 
  then read once more :  those people vote either for po and pis , they must be uneducated to vote them . 
  i 've edited that 53 minutes ago . 
  you 've send me your answer 5 minutes ago . 
  it seems you 're out of date probably , which fairly explains what you are saying . 
  economist in a bank is a banker too . 
   the reason is that most people do n't want to get in tremendous debt because of serious illness , or sending children into good high schools the thing you 've just said proves my stereotypes of po-pis-n voters . 
  if you do n't know shit , then do n't comment , because it looks very stupid . 
  i 'm not going to educate you in that matter , but if you do n't know that private insurances exists and in free market they are cheaper since because of the competition , then you probably wo n't understand other things  you 're stuck in pre-bismarck capitalism . 
  let me lower yourself to your level and i will say something in your tone : you 're stuck in leninism, 
  most of korwin supporters are either college students and people having their own business . 
  in other words - smart people . 
  the people who work on their own are n't parasiting on a state , they only want the state to not disturb their lifes not to give them any money or support . 
  so good that po is not a paper clown circus , but it 's a nice money laundering corrupt party . 
  good , the less you 're present the better . 
  i know that you 're very agressive from the last `` discussions '' , so before you start let me explain that i wo n't tolerate any primitivism and barbarism in your release . 
  and if you will attack me personally like then , then your post will be reported . 
  that 's how politics is working . 
  he 's so good , he do n't want to go to politics for money , i 'll vote him . 
  after money he wants power ? 
  that 's what all politicians are doing . 
  double standards checks out . 
   for individuals like / u/ama _ deo everything that is n't hardcore libertarian is `` socialist '' because it is . 
  any party that is for a social redistribution is in definition socialist . 
  as simple as that . 
  if you like to conclude everything from modernist definitions , then it 's yours not mine problem, 
  their party is basically for the protection of banks , since their leader is a most famous banker in poland .
