  exactly , yet the state has a lot of social issues and is n't exactly a place to be for an ordinary men . 
  this is why i used the superpower argument as useless . 
  a superpower is n't always the greatest country to live . 
  you mean 50s and 60s maybe . 
  the commie blocks are n't the prettiest , but they are still prettier than the social housing which was build in such countries like sweden . 
  the best thing commies did for warsaw is a city planning , the city now is more friendly than it was before , there is more living space and everything has it 's place , unlike the pre-war warsaw which was chaotic , narrow and with communication problems . 
  china has no influence on the world either , because we barely know anything about china and they act like they have never existed , yet it 's the largest economy in the world . 
  also i 'm telling the example of india , to show how pathetic the `` superpower '' argument really is . 
  the country where big chunk of people defecate on the streets , do n't have access to the running water is considered a superpower . 
  he would actually be a moderate and great candidate for the president . 
  but to have president like that , you need to have a society which is like him . 
  the politics in the us is a big circus where people seems like they would kill for their candidate . 
  especially the trump voters , who seems like they skipped school lessons . 
  all capitalist countries were anti-communism as the communist countries were anti-capitalist . 
  fall of communism was due to the struggles and anger of people which many of them were born in a capitalist state ( like poland ) and they 've seen the absurds and empty shelves in shops . 
  to be sure bernie is the least fucked up candidate , but most americans wo n't vote for him , because of `` commie bastard '' and other things that come to mind of an american , who believes their system is the best and something like universal healthcare is n't a human right . 
  also there is no more fucked up candidate than trump , no candidate is stupid enough to think `` better wall '' between mexico and us will stop immigration , and what 's more ridiculous mexico will pay for that . 
  i 'm just here waiting for mexico willing to pay for the wall that 's against them . 
  you tried once . 
  without success . 
  communism fell , not because of brave us government , it fell , because it was a sick system , inefficient in a long run . 
  the same way i can say that poland ( the first country that freed itself from the communism ) liberated east germany and let them reunite . 
  and as ridiculous it may seem , it is still less ridiculous than saying that america crushed the soviet union . 
  the same way you can lie that the us defeated nazi germany , while soviets did it . 
   i do n't see how destabilizing the middle east was any good for getting cheap oil to america i do n't see how getting along with a n.korea-like theocracy of saudi arabia , which is far worse than any of the invaded and fucked up by the us countries like iraq and lybia were ever before so called `` spreading of democracy '' i do n't see a reason and benefit of that . 
  not at all . 
  it 's not like america had lower gas prices thanks to getting along with saudi arabia , while this country is a richer version of isis . 
  the reason of invasion was simple - get rid of an anti-american government and replace it by the pro-american puppets america will get along and therefore get more an more oil from them for lowered price . 
   by the way , poland sent troops to the iraq war . 
  only 194 that 's nothing and it was only for showing nato that we want to be a constrcutive member and have a reason of defending us when f.e. 
  russia invades us . 
  and remember poland joined nato in 1999 . 
   every country is spying on everyone they possibly can that 's not an excuse and not true . 
  no country violates private rights more than the us . 
  maybe north korea . 
   there 's a lot more to it than strength in numbers . 
  like the number of countries with oil each country invaded . 
  the list of world citizens they spy on , the number of incarcerated people etc. 
  murica # 1 !!!!, 
  there is a exact comparsion of the same place in 1946 and in 2016 https://media.giphy.com/media/3o7qebo03klowxfgzy/giphy.gif also commies were actually really good in architecture and created a liveable city structure with a civilized city planning and they build hell of a great architectural pearls over there . 
  good system , valuable , rich and hard working settlers and lots of land mass and natural resources . 
  they 've also won the war . 
  also the term of superpower does n't imply anything , you just need to be a massive country with lots of people . 
  india is a superpower too . 
  to be sure americans did n't have the best leaders for a long time and their politicians reflect their society , which is to say the least , not the smartest one in the world . 
  that 's why i 'm 90 % sure they will elect trump in the upcoming elections . 
  if our politicians were n't thieves . 
  europeans do n't make kids anymore because they have more free lifestyle and they do n't feel like they need a large family to feed ( yes , it 's mostly the materialist reason ) the less family connections , more fun and opportunities discourage people from having a baby . 
  the money is not a problem and kids these days never had better . 
  in western countries the birth rate is a bit higher because of 3rd world immigration , from where people still are tied into a traditional way of life and religion is also what matters ( islam mostly ) you must have kids in islam . 
  you know that 's a pure bullshit ? 
  i 'm suprised know many victims of this hoax still believe in that . 
  the large advertisment bilboards is what baffles me in warsaw, 
  what a way of finding the money on the refugees . 
  she 's a devil inside of a human body . 
  absolutely the worst , most rude and arrogant person you could imagine . 
   i do n't really know how a live fetus looks either , i imagine pretty gross . 
  the aborted fetuses looks like a little child with their hands , heads being cut off . 
  full of blood , it 's very gross and sad if you could imagine this fetus had in his gene programmed his life , hobby and love . 
   there are after night pills and there are the real stuff pills . 
  they do n't always work . 
  also if i 'm not mistaken these are illegal in poland . 
  wow another one who 's playing an expert . 
  the pills are n't a gynecological procedure . 
  you do n't know how fetus after abortion looks, 
  those are mostly seasonal workers . 
  even if they earn something a little bit lower than the minimum wage , it 's still higher than the minimum wage after taxes . 
  most poles work legally and they are n't working for 2 $ / h or whatever . 
  you obviously know nothing . 
  most poles work legally they do n't need any work permit and they earn no less than the legal minimum wage in the country they stayed . 
  also poles do n't want immigrants from certain countries ( the low culture ones like middle east ) because they bring crime terrorism and they are n't working . 
  also poles who stayed in poland decide who they want in their country , and they do n't care about poles who left . 
  wow ... 
  the level of your ignorance is disturbing . 
  the aborted `` cluster of cells '' are mostly developed fetuses with ands and brains . 
  you obviously know nothing on abortion . 
  abortion can be carried out only if the fetus is big enough to be found and killed . 
  well , i was about to quit this dicsussion much earlier , but i thought you would understand something . 
  now i know you wont understand anything . 
   yes , again , that 's why i wrote i was referring to the colloquial meaning . 
  how is a plain lie a `` colloquial meaning ''  why ? 
  because you do n't understand what you 're writing, 
   how so ? 
  1 is not 2  yes then you need to learn how to read properly, 
   yeah that 's why i wrote i was referring to the colloquial meaning . 
  yet , it seems you can not count . 
   i laughed . 
  that 's nothing to laugh , it 's horrible . 
   did you even read the source ? 
  -0.1 % q1 qtq . 
  did you even read what i wrote ? 
   yeah technically recession is when 2 consecutive quarters are below 0 % nope , q4 was  1 % growth . 
  you horribly uninformed . 
   what it says is that our economy shrank from december 2015 to april 2016 no it does not say that . 
  if you do n't know what 's up , then do n't write . 
  you confused it with smog which is seasonal and is indeed very dangerous . 
  coal energy power plants . 
  also the most poluted cities lies in a valleys so the problem doubles , but the pollution is n't that big and it 's not much higher than in other cities . 
  that 's not recession , you need to educate yourself what does recession means . 
  it was quarter to quarter comparsion with adjusted price level and it does n't say there was no growth there , just the growth slowed down from the 4,3 % in the q4 2015 .
