  dick move . 
  i still have hope in better relations ... 
  i never doubt that we should ignore , also from my country , but jews also were and are antipolish , some are even claiming auschwitz as polish death camp, 
   firstly , lithuania has the most polish schools in the world and provides education in polish language up to university because it has the largest polish minority in the world . 
  and lithuania did n't build the scools for poles , just let it be , because they were after war . 
  for example we have schools and street names for lithuanians , belarusians , kashubians , silesians etc. 
  no one even feel oppressed . 
  lithuanian view of j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudski differs from wikipedia , maybe not all but for some like another lithuanian guy with statement `` like first poland 's president was a lithuanian '' being born in what is now lithuania does n't mean being lithuania is like saying that tibetans are chinese, 
  we should be thankful to [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irena_sendler ) women who saved dozens of jewish children and many of them are living now in israel but yes , there was n't a nation without antisemitism , but in some countries were bigger than others, 
  but there was a dozens of special commandos from lithuania , mostly from choise and fight against poles and soviets ( ironically lithuanian army attaked poland after agreement with soviets ) they were also antisemites and trying to `` annilate poles from lithuanian territory '' after official changing borders many of poles were expulsed from that region , many of them died from frostbites and hunger . 
  that city was later populated by the lithuanian people from samogitia and from siberia , but poles still make up 18-20 % of population . 
  they do n't even have a billingual street names and polish schools are closing `` for some reason '' how can we love you where you are doing everything against us ? 
  you are russia version mini but unlike russia which is overpartiotic and think about other countries as small and irrelevant , you are very complexed nation who like to change the history for your own and claiming famous poles as lithuanians for exaple j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudski , adam mickiewicz , and even more . . 
  i do n't want to have animosity towards lithuania , but your state and people are doing eveything to think worse . 
   oh yes , indeed . 
  everything has changed in two days . 
  polish-soviet war did n't last 2 days aswell as latvian-soviet war when poland largely helped latvians save their country . 
  after that j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudski is a national hero of latvia . 
   i do n't think they were forcibly lithuanized but that 's fact . 
  lithuanian government banned polish language from street names , to schools , which led to lithuanization and expulsion of poles from this polish-russian-lithuanian city . 
  kids in schools were punnished by beating for speaking polish  wtf is this shit ? 
  former polish region , which is still polish , borders does n't matter , culture and history does  well that 's some new shit . 
  please tell me more . 
  well , so many of them ... 
  i will give you some . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_territorial_defense_force http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_partisans_ ( 1941 ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ypatingasis_b%c5%abrys they commited various crimes against polish people in nazi occupied poland such as ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ponary_massacre and i see you are the one who knows only idealistic lithuanian history which is likely reason why those banners and animosity are high . 
  you are not only one . 
   please tell me when have poland held vilnius before braking suwalki agreement ( two days after signing it ) ? 
  lithuania never had this city . 
  it was formed and did n't have borders . 
  official borders were signed in the treaty of versailles where no one from west europe had any dispute that the 90 % polish and jewish city will be in poland . 
  and the suwa\u0142ki agreement was a temporary agreement that does n't even lined borders . 
  and poland technically did not broke the suwa\u0142ki agreement , because this agreement did not included that the polish city will be lithuanian , it just included the small demilitarized zone , just that . 
  and polish army was in wilno during polish-soviet war . 
  noone even thought that it `` might '' be lithuanian , because it was clearly polish no hate , but as you said : `` wtif is this shit ? '', 
  i mean wtf is that what you just wrote . 
  it 's just an ignorant comment nothing more . 
  just typical idealistic lithuanian version, 
  ak murdered 27 civilians after killings 39 civilians by lithuanian nazi brigades and you are trying to justify `` the massacre of 100 thousand '' lithuanian army killed like 3 % comparing to whole lithuanian nation . 
  i know , but the saying `` who did n't '' sounds like justification . 
  i despise any kind of justification of massacres , ukrainians here on / r/europe likely justify the upa crimes , lithuanians are acting like nothing happened . 
  it 's interesting to see how different nations behaves . 
  i 'm against annexation but crimea should n't be given to ukrainian ssr in 1950 's . 
  now it 's too late and it 's harming the ukrainian terrirorial aswell as economical stabilisation . 
  and i 'm against war in donetsk , but there are also two sides of this conflict . 
  we need to look at it from different perspective , because crimea was never ukrainian in the history . 
  i was always tatar , then russian and it was given to ukrainian ssr in 1950 's by nikita chruschov just because of the geographical location and russians living there were n't very happy about ukrainian independence and it 's african economy . 
  that 's why they supported join russia . 
  we should not forget that 90 % of people there are russian . 
  belarusians , czechoslovakians ... and all our non-neighbors, 
  i like how poland thinks about everything neutrally . 
  we are of switzerland !, 
  because the suwa\u0142ki treaty was harmful and against poles . 
  after polish-soviet war everything have changed and lithuanian harsh towards poles aswell as general applause towards wilno becoming a polish city , not lithuanian . 
  it 's like saying that russia broke the ribbentrop-molotov pact . 
  poles were forcibly lithuanized in kaunas ( kowno ) which before lithuanian independence had only 20 % of lithuanians ( vilnius/wilno had only 3 % ) lithuanian government declared lithuanian as the only language of lithuania forbidings usage of any nonlithuanian language . 
  after polish-soviet war this city became part of poland with fully acceptation of the european countries , the only country who did not declare wilno as always polish city was lithuania , but nobody treated you seriously , even soviets those time . 
  generally inhabiants were happy that they belong to poland , the hell became with lithuanian occupation of 1939 ( called the liberation , just like soviets like to call invasion a liberation , soviets and lithuanians were pretty much similar in terms of propaganda ) it all happened in interbellum in ww2 general squads of lithuanian security police , german-lithuanian legions did horrible massacres on the local inhabitants , by the shot in heard . 
  the victims were mostly upper-class , rich and higher educated persons , to weaken poland and it 's influence in wile\u0144szczyzna . 
  the victims were also polish jews which were classified as subhumans also by the lithuanian nazi squads who felt better than others just because some retard classified races by more and less valuable than others . 
  this is the main reason why so many poles want our old lands back . 
  just saying , no hating . 
  some lithuanians including you need to take some historical facts we should n't fight . 
  just you lithuanians should n't be angry that someone is using prewar coat of arms of former polish city . 
  lithuanians also genocided poles . 
   but hey , at least we did n't kill every german we 've seen on the street by most imaginable brutal methods to claim these lands you forgot that the lithuanian brothers firstly punnished for usage of polish language in kowno ( kaunas ) which was under lithuanian controll during interbellum . 
  during ww2 lithuanian army invaded poland through alliance with soviet union , they later cooperated with nazi germany and wanted to `` clean lithuanian city from poles '' http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ponary_massacre during interwar period wilno was more polish than lw\u00f3w , by national stats . 
  no hating , just saying some truth . 
  lithuanians need to accept that and say sorry . 
  i 'm 100 % that those banners will be gone forever . 
  like germans said sorry , lithuanians are not albe to admit that , because it hurts in their `` lithuanian , and olny true version of history '' with poland as occupier of an ethnic lithuanian city and lithuanian-soviet occupation as a glorious liberation from polish occupation . 
  that 's why so many of old and young poles do n't really love you . 
  i hope lithuanian friends will understand me . 
  you need to just say sorry . 
  wilno was given to poland through versailles treaty was accepted in polish borders by the west and was never called an occupation , so it 's not . 
  you need to live with that . 
  as he said : `` we published the `` charter '' ( no 34 of 2002 ) documents of meetings of the city council of wilno from the years 1919 to 1939 , two thirds of which were poles , and one-third were jews . 
  lithuanians in wilno were then too small a community to have its own representation . 
  throughout the 20 years of all of the disputes played out between poles and jews . 
  from this perspective , the city appeared as polish-jewish , so it perpetuated the memory of poles . 
  lithuanians were a minority and were then internal threat . '', 
  wilno was one of the biggest city in polish-lithuanian commonwealth , but never really lithuanian . 
  it should never be lithuanian as much as the borders of poland should n't be changed after war . 
  because they contained cities mainly connected to polish culture . 
  what i 'm calling occupation was the occupation of wilno 1939 by lithuanian army with cooperation with soviet union during soviet-german invasion of poland in 1939 . 
  it was officially called an occupation . 
  it was a horrible tragedy for inhabitants who were later expulsed or massacred by a lithuanian partisans , who wanted to `` clean lithuanian city from poles '' . 
  secondly what i want to say that for many ( not all ) poles lithuania is the no. 2 main enemy just after russia . 
  it 's because lithuanian state is doing everything against polish minority and that 's fact . 
  forbidden usage of billinual names , banned polish surnames , closed schools . 
  you are doing everything to be hated and those football fans are just the result of that policy . 
  i do n't support it , but those things does n't happen without reasons ( i 've never seen negative banner towards hungary , only positive , in other way i 've never seen positive banner towards lithuania ), 
  also lithuanians and lithuanian state is doing everything against poles by bannings the street names and closing scholls as long as it will be lithuania will be my least favorable eu country . 
  lithuania also did not apologized for the massacres they did towards poles in 1944 ( ponary massacre ) which was the reason why do many of poles dislike lithuanians and why those banners are there . 
  he 's just troll who pretends to be smart . 
  and ... what ? 
  ask putin , apparently, 
  i 'm very dissapointed about your lack of economical knowledge and tendency to idealistic utopian solutions . 
  let it be . 
  we can say we can adopt euro in 2222 and it will be correct .
