  eesti , you 're not nordic . 
  stop it !, 
   i mean the mazury is pretty now yeah , mosquitos are glorious, 
  poland yes, 
  sweden yes, 
  there is difference in actual productivity . 
  also greeks were granted 300 euro for washing their hands or not comming to late etc. 
  of course it is , because it 's the largest and most populated country . 
  if you look per capita you will see completely different stats . 
  exact my point , also poland is n't the largest net receiver of eu funds , not even the top positions . 
  that 's the one of the most retarded and weak troll-propaganda i 've ever seen . 
  not even once 2/10, 
  exact my point . 
  russia has no interest in attacking poland . 
  true , have your upvote . 
  some sort of normality in this intelectual-vacuum commentary . 
  i respect people who like to see from both sides . 
  [ no , it does not exist at all ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-2fquw-qtxj0/u2b1ywpjtxi/aaaaaaaavaa/d1xj02gii5g/s1600/aliens_passport_estonia.jpeg ), 
  ca n't you just figure out that all nationalities were sent to siberia ? 
  not only estonians and in 80 % cases ethnic russians ? 
  estonians moved to places like s.petersburg and other just they are not visible , because it 's different scale if 150 million nation will send only 0,5 % of their people somewhere it will feel big for a small nation , if a 1,5 mln estonian nation will migrate to russia they would n't be even noticed . 
  do n't you get it ? 
  so why many of them have `` alien passport '' ? 
   ftfy . 
  most russians in estonia are descended from soviet era immigrants . 
  many of them , but not all . 
  even the oldest russians are excluded as a 2nd cathegory of people . 
   so what ? 
  what are the russians in estonia , in day to day life missing out on , compared to swedes in finland ? 
  do enlighten me they are both minorities , difference is that the minorities in finland have rights , while in estonia they are 2nd cathegory of people . 
   russians who speak estonian can get citizenship very easily , just a language test and an open book test about our constitution . 
  you can speak whatever language you like at home , it could be klingon for all we care , you do n't have to speak estonian at all , but if you want to be an estonian citizen , you must speak estonian at least at a pretty basic level . 
  and why is that obliged ? 
  why do they need to speak estonian ? 
  why russian ca n't be 2nd language of estonia ? 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  it would be definitely easier for them to integrate . 
  i also believe some just do n't want to integrate . 
  all this passport and citizenship problems will bring them closer to russia and far from estonia , your country is partially responsible for that . 
  as i said if they would receive estonian citizenship and their language would be respected , then they would n't be a problematic part of estonia . 
   where did i say most russians living in estonia are criminals ? 
  i just pointed the overall generalisation , not precisely by you but other estonians , that all problems are made by russians . 
  look at yourself please . 
  also poverty makes crime , if those people are excluded from the society the risk of crime rises . 
  and estonia was part of russia from xvii century to 1918 and from 1944 to 1991 and what it has to do with that ? 
  also russian minority in estonia is 300 years old . 
   imagine if prussians were way more successful in their colonization attempts and population transfers after wwii would never happen . 
  imagine there would be millions of germans in poland that refuse to learn polish . 
  most of germans after wwii fled by themsleves ( running from russians ) only small minority were actually trasferred . 
  if the borders remained without transfers of population , large part of germans would fled by themselves , or be polonized . 
  also after wwii was a large hate towards germans ( after they killed nearly 20 % of our population ) and destroyed our country , there would be much of ethnic tension , more germans would fled or even face death as revenge ( of which i ca n't doubt ) you ca n't compare those two things . 
  completely different situations . 
  also estonians in soviet union were n't russified ( they were during russian empire ) in soviet union they were separate republic with estonian as official language . 
  russian minority in estonia is 300 years old . 
  they did migrate there because the borders were open and russian ssr had actually 150 million people while estonian 1,5 million , so it 's a different scale of migration actually a small % of russians migrated to estonia , similar to % of estonian moving to russia . 
   you are a joke , mate . 
  you are making false analogies and just abandon most points you were trying to make when i call you out on them . 
  you did n't answer any questions i gave you in response , you are the definition of a poor troll . 
  where ? 
  show me an example . 
  only thing you can do is actually claiming some nonsenses . 
   just kek . 
  what 's the point you 're trying to even make here ? 
  read again , then maybe you will know . 
  i clearly said . 
  i do n't feel pressure to explaining you something what i explained . 
   the swedish finns speak finnish and they respect and like finland . 
  it is a completely uncomparable situation no ? 
  some of them maybe , but not all , just like russians who can speak estonian , but speak russian in home , which is crime ( enough to not be a civilized member of estonia ) some do n't pay respect to estonia , because estonia do n't pay respect to them . 
   when did i ever say 90 % ? 
  you said most 50 % is not most , but half . 
   like every national state with official language ? 
  yeah , like finland which has swedish minority and therefore swedish as second national language ? 
   they 're not discriminated , but they are n't citizens either . 
  citizenship is a rather minor detail and i do n't see how a person can have estonian citizenship without speaking estonian , but that 's a longer discussion . 
  that 's a fascist attitude , nothing common with nordic tolerance . 
  it shows only that your goverment acts very nationalistic and that attitude is supported by vast majority of ethnic estonians . 
  in finland swedish finns have finnish citizenship and passport , they have their language as a second despite fact that they make only few % of total finnish population , instead of nearly 30 % like russians in estonia . 
  nobody force swedes to speak finnish !, 
   estonian prison population is more than 50 % russians , although they only make up less than 30 % of our population and the ratio is much worse if you only account for more serious crimes . 
  any stats says so ? 
  ( source ) also 50 % is not 90 %, 
   nevermind that facts in this particular case show that estonians are 74 % of the population of estonia and 11 % of the hiv cases in estonia . 
  source please  kind of reminds me how you are hitler . 
  no comment, 
   many of them are at a worse socioeconomic position because they themselves choose to not learn estonian or their parents put them into russians schools and are strongly against introducing more estonian into russian schools . 
  which state forces their own citizens to speak the only official language ? 
   they can integrate by learning estonians and those who do are doing well . 
  no , they would also integrate if they would n't be a disriminated people ( having estonian citizenship , having russian as second official language etc. ), 
  in finland there is swedish as official language ( for example ) also you did n't give me statistics about how russian estonians are making 90 % of crime and hiv infections . 
  oh eesti , you will never into nordic with that attitude . 
   well statistics do n't lie like what statistics ? 
  show me an example . 
   russians here do n't want to integrate out of `` principle '' . 
  what lack of integration has to do with hiv infection ? 
  if the official language is only estonian ( despite having 24 % russian speakers ) how they can integrate ? 
  how can they integrate if they are excluded from the society by law ( not having estonian citizenship and passport despite living there whole life ) ? 
  you have too good perception of czech republic . 
  in this country there is a large net of mafias enslaving women and making them prostitutes , also being prostitute in czech republic is n't that immoral like in poland , since it is less conservative country . 
  i like how you like to throw all your problems ( high crime , hiv ) on russian minority living there .
