  wow you 're denying yourself , think about posting twice . 
  you 're probably just jealous russian , that 's all . 
  yes , i 've seen baikonur and moscow , petersburg metro . 
  actually soviet union was some kind of master of engineering and industry . 
  they had first satellite , first man in space , first robot on the moon , best metro stations and very advanced technology as a such isolated state . 
  i 'm joking . 
  corruption in ukraine never was so high as it is now . 
  according to international stats . 
  poroshenko is not doing anything to reform the country . 
  2013 +0,4 % - yanukovistch 2014 -7,5 % - poroshenko 2015 -17,6 % - poroshenko really, 
  gib back moscow, 
  `` pretty '' but not satisfying, 
  you better do n't say anything, 
  again you ... do you live there to say that ? 
  i wonder how people in ukraine think about new government . 
  after fall of yanukovitsch life in ukraine got only worse . 
  you can see the shape of bulgaria by just seeing mountain rage . 
  impressive . 
  ukraine 's economy is far worse than greece in it 's crisis apogeum . 
  nearly 1/4 of whole ukrainian economy was gone just after revolution . 
  horrible ... 
  that 's complete disaster . 
  it is far worse than in greece . 
  people not only get poorer but also prices are skyrocketing . 
  also it not counted emigration from lithuania ( which is considered highest in eu ) so the real number is probably much , much lower . 
  deography of vilnius county 2001\u00a0850\u00a0064\u00a02015 854 555 in other words the region have n't increased at all . 
  only dropped ( if we count from 1992 ), 
  meanwhile polish gdp only 3,5 % . 
  meh ... where is the growth ? 
  population of vilnius ( from wikipedia ) 2005 : 546,773 2015 : 542,664, 
  oh ... that 's horrible !, 
  wow estonia finally into nordic !, 
  sure we are moral , katolik , innocent etc. 
  vaticano loves young boys not sheeps . 
  u w0t m8 ? 
  sheeps also have feelings . 
  you should know about that . 
  explain ... 
  you see ... 
  i interested in sheeps too , but in different way than scots, 
  i will steal your sheep so you wo n't ... whatever, 
  1683 best year of my life, 
  you 're far too generous , but i appreciate that . 
  it nice that somebody remebers that ukraina was of commonwealth clay !, 
  that 's actually map of finnish nationalist wet dream from 1940-1942, 
  reverse triathlon !, 
  only 4000 of ukrainians are claimed here as refugees . 
  only from donbass . 
  most of immigrants comes from lviv , volhynia etc. 
  they are n't any sort of `` refugees '' there is no reason to call them like that . 
  there is no day without hearing ukrainian/russian ( i ca n't really see the difference between those languages , so i ca n't tell which one more precisely ) sad part is that many of them are here illegaly working without paying taxes and moving back to ukraine with money . 
  this is a drain . 
  yes * tak *, 
  margaret thatcher . 
  now i know why slovakians call poland cold and dark ... 
  you probably do n't know what are you talking about ... 
  because monies matter, 
  in norway as a nation that is not the part of eu it might works like that . 
  no it 's not . 
  only partially funded by eu , supported by country 's government . 
  eu budget is not bottomless and still they put fortune for the students that wo n't learn anything , study the shittiest field of studies and are here only to party and get laid and move somewhere to spain and never go back with her spanish husband . 
  not all of course but vast majority from my perspective is doing that . 
  why we need to waste our money on something that is not exactly working as it should be ? 
  because why paying fortune to students that will benefit from polish taxpayers money to move abroad and never return their money ? 
  investment must be profitable , in this case is not . 
  not for them . 
  you know that maidan protesters waved right sector flags ? 
  those people were the most vocal people there . 
  the beg poland for money , yet they say either that there was nothing such volhynia , or it was fully justified . 
  do you think that oun/upa are national heroes of ukraine ? 
  what do you think about the right sector 's spokesman andriy tarasenko statement that `` volhynian massacre of poles was necessary '' ? 
  do west ukrainians support right sector ? 
  i know they have few % , but they are very vocal . 
  big does n't mean it 's empire . 
  poland 's main income came from trade , not conquest . 
  everybody accepted his policy, 
   polish-lithuanian empire it sounds too lovely , but it was n't empire . 
  it was just a country , elective monarchy . 
  still better than komor, 
  cookies, 
  we were human shield against every invasion . 
  yes . . especially those mountains part was the best . 
  since the beggining of her presidential campaign, 
  yes , the only candidate that want to change the real problems of poland , but her plans for many seems crazy . 
  also she 's member of not liked sld party . 
  here you have a 1947 photos from warsaw . 
  the quality of photos is incredible . 
  ww2 was n't really pointless , but should never happen . 
  wow prussia was really overrepresented . 
  [ russians think otherwise ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t65swzhabes ), 
  money spending maybe ? 
  `` those damn fascists '', 
   hundreds of polish soldiers had been killed in eastern ukraine this one is the best, 
   the difference being that most do n't no ... that 's just . . no . 
  they will be sooner or later noticed and then expulsed to ukraine . 
   cause a lot of people to work illegally in the eu without paying taxes do n't worry in-eu immigrants are doing the same in other countries . 
  yes , they will stay in poland . 
  they can not move to another country , if they get visa in pl . 
  you seem to have lack of knowledge about visas and schengen . 
  eu might not abolish the visa requirements , but poland can do it .
