  now is lubeka, 
  i 'm for that , but unfortunately history proves that multicultural countries are failing , look at austria-hungary ( biggest mess of europe , country of king , without own identity with 7 different nations placed in different places struggles with chaos and poverty ) or soviet union . 
  and do n't forget that poles in german empire were forcibly germanized and economically repressioned , those most loyal had best life , that 's why our second national anthem `` rota '' written by mara konopnicka is so antigerman . 
  yes , and bautzen ( budziszyn ) was actually part of poland in medievals . 
  zittau probably czech, 
  munich - monachium ( it 's from latin language , transformed during time ) augsburg - just augsburg ( maybe there is old polish name , but that is common use ) i can also add : aachen - akwizgran chemnitz - kamienica ( from the name `` rock '' ) zittau - \u017bytawa ( from the name `` secale '' ) bautzen - budziszyn cottbus - chociebu\u017c and lubeka - lubeck that 's probably all . 
   no one knows how to pronounce gdansk . 
  that 's how you pronounce g-danish . 
  if you know what i 'm talking about . 
  how about polish names of german cities ? 
  drezno - dresden lipsk - leipzig brema - bremen hanower - hannover i think it is way easier to pronounce lipsk instead of leipzig for non german speakers . 
  also we ca n't forget that nazi germany and soviet union was n't only agressor . 
  slovakia also attacked poland with nazi germany , and lithuania attacked north-eastern poland with soviet union occupying polish city of wilno , which is now vilnius , lithuania . 
  almost 800 years of being part of poland made it german . 
  some people are funny , 
   german-polish brigades that sounds quite bizzare, 
  when the anthem plays or the flag is presented it is not good . 
  i 'm not supporting of mixing sport with politics . 
  but this is kind of protest . 
  not against russian players , but against russia . 
  in polish-lithuanian commonwealth polish were overlords of lithuanian balts ( samogitians ) and lithuanian slavs ( ruthenians ) . 
  so not really for the first time . 
  hey !, 
  you have the same comupter as me !, 
  sikorski is busy being `` concerned '' about genocide in eastern ukraine apparently , like whole nato . 
  ukraine now is like poland in 1939, 
  well , i 'm surprised . 
  this is might be due to war in ukraine and constant support to ukraine from poland . 
  tusk also must learn english edit : typo, 
  at least a speakable name, 
  pomeranians are lechitic ( polish ) tribes , which are also slavic . 
  polabians , veletians and lusatians were also lechitic . 
  so why are you talking nonsense ? 
  if you do n't know then do n't write it . 
  i 'd add burgenland ( orvidek ) from austria to hungary . 
  and independence to sorbia, 
  all plain fields should be part of the netherlands and all mountains should be part of nepal . 
  i 'm genius . 
  because of the polish name pomorze . 
  which literally means near the sea . 
  just like the region polabia ( then polish , now german ) which is from the name po\u0142abie , where \u0141abia is a name of elbe and it means also near the \u0141aba ( elbe ) i 'm surprised of your lack of knowledge . 
  i loled at richtugal, 
  i thought pierogis are main polish dish, 
  yes , poland can into space . 
  only pathetic person here is you . 
  look at your channel and karma . 
  you are nothing but troll, 
  poland is largest exporter of apples in the world . 
  russians made a lot of fake accounts and crossliked it make it look like it was wrote by foreigners . 
  if you look at those channels they have russian videos or just have nothing . 
  russians are masters at hacking , trolling and making propaganda . 
  makes me want to do the same and spread antirussian propaganda . 
  i see russian soviet cyber propangdist made millions of fake accounts to spread their propaganda and making people dumb . 
  well done , you are example of that, 
  translation is n't correct . 
  reminds me communism . 
  poland is an outsider of catholic europe, 
  i would descrease taxes for the poorest society, 
  do you know what makes me angry on reddit ? 
  the fact , that some people just ca n't read what i wrote . 
  you are the next example of that . 
  i 'm not making tusk look like dictator , i did n't say he 's dictator and when i said `` the same in poland '' i was reffering to phenomene when the most people do n't like his policy , but he wins the election . 
  tusk is example of that . 
  tusk is btw far from being the dictator , but we know , there are many people who would like to blow up the parliament . 
  so , again ... 
  i want foreign view of that . 
  ( i even dobt that someone is interested about polish policy , but maybe there is someone who is ) and becasue of that i do n't really care about your opinion , i found polish redditors here very europhillic and tuskophillic ( somehow ) . 
  i 'm not saying it 's wrong , because everybody needs to have own opinion , but it does n't represent the country how it should , by political view . 
  nah , tusk is in power over 7 years . 
  and i was expecting a foreign response not polish , so goodbye . 
  if everybody here talk about obran and putin , why not about tusk ? 
  i just want to explain myself this phenomene . 
  pozna\u0144 , posnania is a latin name haha . 
  every city in poland has it 's own latin name, 
  there is no 2nd world anymore . 
  there is 1st and 3rd world . 
  and russian policy turning this country into nothing but 3rd world . 
  economical separation is n't good for anyone . 
  why kinda ironically ? 
  london produces a lot of uk 's gdp , the same is with moscow, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkddcxb5vh0 ) a popular folk song from g\u00f3rale ( people from podhale ), 
  russia what are you doing stahp !, 
  seriously what is wrong with you ? 
  you are turning into 3rd world and with the applause of the society . 
   why ? 
  every neighbour except li has something great to offer . 
  i thought it 's because they are at least 2x richer than you . 
  that would look great . 
  why you cant build skycrapers in berlin ? 
  it is the `` buisness centre '' which was established in 1995 . 
  the plan was to build a lot of skyscrapers there . 
  for me is the best looking compilation of towers in the world . 
  but if you are seeing russia by google street view you can notice how poor this country is . 
  moscow is a london of russia . 
   when i was in elementary school , my geography professor told us that after warsaw was destroyed poles rebuilt it exactly the same maybe he meant the old city centre within the old town , then yes - centre of warsaw was rebuild exactly the same . 
  rest of warsaw is a mixture of a xviii , xix , pre war polish modernism , communist soc-real and the newest glass offices . 
  i somehow like that city , it is a city presenting polish history . 
  seriously ? 
  a fountain is the main tourist attraction of moldova ? 
  it must be pretty depressing if the nation 's main tourist attraction is n't the even their ( or build by them ),
