  noone wants to be with arrogant varsavians haha, 
  yeah , i like trams , european cities are not adapted to huge traffics like american one . 
  they need better public transport . 
  poland invests in new trams and new tram lines . 
  i like that . 
  we will have new tram line in olsztyn and i forgot about trams in grudzi\u0105dz, 
  well , i see that post has not every trams . 
  that 's urban legend . 
  ussr coud n't afford building metro . 
  and i thought we will have the worst effect . 
  i expect huuuuuuge traffics on russian-polish border . 
  whole line was opened in 2008 . 
  just few stations were opened in 1995, 
  yes , over 90 % of warsaw was destroyed ,, 
  then spread it in more murican subreddit :p, 
  done http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2cwtd8/stalinist_warsaws_palace_of_culture_and_science/ please help speading that if you can . 
  it 's indeed very interesting for foreigners, 
  i made this post , because i found many people which are interested in the history of that building and also architectural socrealism . 
  for interested . 
  this is how it looked in 1955 http://bi.gazeta.pl/im/7/11489/z11489707q,1954-1955--ruiny-kamienic-przy-ulicy-grzybowskiej-.jpg, 
  nice job , would n't mind . 
  the elevators are also fastest in poland . 
  multicfuncional . 
  bottom is reseved for congress hall , on the 6th floor is theatre , on the highest floor is the observation deck , palace of culture has also the 2nd highest clock in europe and transmit tv and radio signal for warsaw . 
  it is one of the tourist attractions of warsaw, 
  one i know works ( or worked ) for hsbc bank, 
  certainly you are right , because there are no better slavs than western and southwestern one :p, 
  what dreams ? 
  that 's the legend . 
  soviet coud n't afford build warsaw metro . 
  even communist people 's republic cound n't build it . 
  first line was opened in 2008 , second line will be opened in september/october this year . 
  but i 'm glad people like this building , it 's not that beautiful if you are looking at it from the bottom . 
  elevation also is very old it need to be renovated . 
  but i like fact that we have some empty space in the city center there are mini-parks near the palace . 
   the bizantine empire is over bizantine culture is not . 
   is religion still relevant in 2014 ? 
  since romania is the most religious country in europe maybe is . 
  well , religion also is a part of culture . 
   today i found out something new you 're pleasure , i 'm not an expert about romanian language . 
  you should know more . 
   btw , is finland in eastern europe or western europe ? 
  is in northern europe , culturally in western sphere . 
   please , define `` western '' and tell me how romanians are not `` western '' in the current cultural context ? 
  western mean protestant or catholic , connected to latin culture without russian and turkish influence and they are also geographically more western than eastern . 
  it also incude social values and architecture . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_culture here is the maps where the dark blue region is considered western , light blue is bizantine ( eastern ) http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/cywilizacja_zachodnia#mediaviewer/plik:civilizations_map.png, 
  what drifting ? 
  i do n't understand you . 
  we were always in central europe . 
  some people do n't understand thing `` central europe '' then we are eastern european . 
  your country is only partially connected to western world becasue of hungarian rule . 
  you know , even western ukraine ( lviv ) is in western cultural zone . 
  your rest of a country is in bizantine cultural zone . 
  you are orthodox , we are catholic , only thing you have western is transilvania and latin letters , btw your language is also mix of latin and turkish . 
  we are in central europe , culturally in western europe, 
  idk , i do n't know swedes , but we want to be compared to western europe instead of eastern europe . 
  by the way this building is very shitty and is the poland 's tallest buling only because of it 's very long spike . 
  many of warsaw 's skyscrapers are taller to the roof . 
  also there is one wroc\u0142aw skyscraper which is taller - sky tower, 
  not hate , just we do n't want to be poor :d most of us want to be compared to sweden or denmark not to romania . 
  nah , poland do n't want to be rival to romania , we do n't want to be compared to them . 
  poland 's one is a `` gift from a stalin '' which was n't gift at all . 
  we needed to pay it by a coal later . 
  in poland i know quite a lot americans who live there , i do n't think they have any problems . 
  we are very positive towards them . 
  eastern poland is certainly at least 2x better than romania, 
  i would rather call it a barn . 
  turku airport is also a huge attraction ( if you know what i mean ) , 
  been there , seen that . 
  firstly i was shocked , then amused . 
  we have a lot of trams in poland , trolleys are n't that popular , they are just cheaper . 
  trams have some disadvantages too , but i think they are better, 
  i thing ussr republics had better than polish people 's republic . 
  you are right . 
  you can take this photos in abandoned shipyard in my city gda\u0144sk , it looks the same or worse . 
  i suggest also baltic states which are n't very preety , except the right city centers, 
  what about the great padomju times ? 
  switzerland also had golden age in 1939-1945 and shortly after war . 
  am i right ? 
  what about renaissance times . 
  so many of great artist came from italy, 
  `` neighbours are friendly '' i 'd aruge over that, 
  it sounds very funny, 
  i would n't call it the ugliest city . 
  you can take similar photos everywhere in europe . 
  some parts of london are a lot uglier than that . 
  you sir are idiot . 
  you are the biggest cancer of comment section of / r/europe, 
  even countryside is good . 
  western poland looks uglier ( to me ), 
  you 've never been in eastern poland . 
  that 's for me one of the most beautiful and underrated part of poland . 
  in poland 90 % of buses are made by solaris bus and coach s.a. they are similar by parameters and overlook , just different colors . 
  in my experience you have with france and spain the best roads in europe . 
  the quality is noticeable if you are driving from germany , also you have the biggest density of them in pl lot of highways are called expressways , but they are just like highways . 
  i mean dutch-german border . 
  if we would consider poland and germany , then poland has better roads if you drive directly , only exception is a highway in olszyna which is very bad rest of them is much better than german . 
  the same if you are referring to netherlands , they have roads as good as france or better . 
  and i thought it would be something connected to road quality ...
