  shhh those are facts !, 
  its too strange for him, 
   mom actually worked till she was 64 and she did not died actually til your mom = all polish women who will work 7 years more , becuase their beloved president said so . 
  the rest i shall not comment . 
   dresden was completely destroyed and it looks good today germans could n't rebuild this city even 50 years after ww2 . 
  now after recent funds they could create an artificial old town in this city . 
  despite that . 
  this city is n't that great . 
   ageing population plus longer life expectancy mean we need to work longer yes sentencing people to death is good . 
  well if we had a decent healthcare i 'd not be that mad . 
  but your party leaved poland with high debt and destroyed healthcare . 
   and what happens if she lose a job today at age of 58 ? 
  at least she would n't be that phisically and psychically wasted . 
  most of people do n't want to be robbed by the state to the dying age of 67 years and then receive peanuts . 
  also do criminals from po see what whould happen if a lady age 65 would be fired ? 
  would she find a new job ? 
  capslock is true representative of your logic . 
  it 's as retarded as your logic . 
   what would jesus do ? 
  yes send all africans to europe thats totally not retared and very christian wow so tolerant fuck the economy fuck europe let those poor africans do whatever they want or you are xenophobic facsit !, 
  you 're hurting me very much . 
  do n't waste my time . 
   again , i seriously hope you 're not a christian . 
  your views on refugees are disgusting . 
  yes , because i want my country being financially and socially destroyed by letting `` oppressed '' people into my country . 
   from what i 've seen you 'd most like shout at him `` it 's your problem ! '', 
  you showed your reatarded logic . 
  glad australian ruling class is smarter than you . 
  do you see the difference between feeding beggar from inviting him to house ? 
  if the beggar would try to invade my house i 'd call the police . 
  it 's his problem then . 
   and that 's thanks to immigration , as australia is a nation of immigrants . 
  nation of qualified immigrants who came there for reason bringing positive influence into this country . 
  most if not the all of australian immigrants are legal and they become australian in next generation . 
  your logic is so retarded that i shall not comment that . 
  it 's just disgusting . 
   no i am talking about what duda promised in his recent campaign . 
  his campain was pretty good . 
  much better than komorowski who did n't make anything what he promised and showed middle finger for people in the end . 
  i will not tell you what i think about people that repeat senseless accusations without any proof . 
  there are many proffs of him being connected to wsi . 
  campaign is not for a war between the people like criminals voting po would love to see but the ratlional debate in hope for changes in this corrupt country . 
  the end of process will be later on . 
   sure let 's vote for candidate who have illogical thinking process and believes in irrational theories . 
  i 'm pretty sure that even smole\u0144sk theories are more rational than anything komorowski promised and what he make , also the end of campaign was total crap showing the real komorowski . 
   just to be clear . 
  what is exactly your proof on komorowski corruption ? 
  5 years of his pathetic rule ? 
  wow not really . 
  do you imagine people having 66 years and still working ? 
  maybe healthy people . 
  people who worked with hope for retrement lost it . 
   work two years longer . 
  7 years longer for women . 
   did you even read what i linked ? 
  australia continues to have a highly costly problem australia maybe have a highly costly problem , but this is nothing with comparsion was cost would be if they stayed there . 
   many , if not most are refugees . 
  maybe 1 %  so you subscribe to `` fuck you , got mine ! '', 
  ethics . 
  what a wonderful human being you are . 
  do you also spit on homeless people ? 
  i seriously hope you 're not a christian . 
  if some countries do n't want them they should n't go there . 
  it 's their problem . 
  most of australians support that kind of protection politics , that 's why this is so great country . 
  main immigration destination for qualified workers who want to feel safe and get rich . 
   do you also spit on homeless people ? 
  no , i would buy them food . 
  but it 's you having retarded logic . 
  but i wo n't invite them into my house . 
  yes , australian life standards are so hillarious . 
  so retarded be the 2nd most developed country in the world with one of the lowest crime and rape rate in the world . 
   guy whose promises would cost billions of euro and turn poland into greece is better option wow are you talking about komorowski and tusk ? 
  where are promises of po ? 
  where are them ? 
  the guy who sentenced old people to death should n't be ever president and i 'm glad he is n't . 
   guy who release business partner of president 's family is better then a guy who spend time in prison fighting communism you mispelled wsi . 
   this idiot believes that smole\u0144sk was not an accident . 
  he can believe in whatever he want . 
  i has nothing to do with economy of poland which was ruined by him . 
  i ca n't even comment that . 
  i ca n't believe there are people who vote for corrupted idiot which had connections with wsi , raised taxes , destroyed public healthcare , wasted money on unproductive investitions , sentenced people to work to death . 
  wow well criminals like him , he 's like them so it 's not surprising . 
   australia did n't solve anything . 
  they just threw the problem on other countries and are pretending that it is n't happening . 
  they 've received denouncements from many international organisations for this . 
  they do n't have any problem . 
  immigrants are not their problem . 
  they are illegal immigrants , just all . 
  they do n't have permission to stay there . 
  it 's the immigrants problem not australia 's . 
  they are protecting their own people and their money . 
  it 's a wise country . 
  another prisoner here ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  well i wo n't comment about bronis\u0142aw , but after those 5 years of his rule only idiots would vote for him . 
  there are two types of people : highest middle class - they live better , they want stabilisation - they vote for bk , criminals - they do n't use brains , care about the situation - they vote for bk , while duda : workers , employers - they want change in this country , they are pissed off on the government , they want change college students - most of voters read politics and is upset about corroption , nepotism of ruling class - they vote for duda only to kick off corrupted komorowski retired - they feel betrayed that komorowski sentenced their children to death by forcing them to work to the 67 year robbing them from their money . 
  goddamn , you still do n't understand . 
  it 's not norwegians fault that eritrea is a shithole . 
  norwegians should n't destroy themselves to `` protect '' `` oppressed '' people .
