   first , having 2m pln is n't exactly `` multi milionaire '' it is . 
  he 's filthy rich , and part of his earned money was in manipulating poles to indebt-to-death themselves . 
   at least we can know petru is n't joining politics for money . 
  first what people need is money , when they got money , the next thing they want is power . 
   oh yep , the polish equivalent of / r/atheism `` high iq '' individuals . 
  these votes for nowoczesna or other anti social and pro-debt parties . 
  literally i have no words that a person who indebted so many poles could get so much of votes . 
  korwinists are going in one direction and they exactly know what that party is all about , not because `` i vote for him , because petru is handsome guys '' the reason why he got so low is because most people do n't bother looking up and undestand what the program is all about , they hear all media things about koriwn and they got that impression . 
  and people who votes for them are mostly korwinists and party-fans . 
  they are an exclusive club , that 's why they 've got below 5 % in other words majority of people either do n't care or is stupid . 
   youngsters mostly moved to kukiz those junkie ones and atfer a secondary education - yes the loyal educated ones stayed and despised kukiz voters . 
  sidenote : most of poles in uk voted for kukiz , and poles of uk are n't known for their intelligence , rather the toilet cleaning skills . 
   you mean highschoolers who enter politics for the first time , having no knowladge about anything those people vote either for po and pis , they must be uneducated to vote them . 
   . n is socialist and populist ? 
  i 'd rather say they are anti social and without knowledge of any basic things . 
  thier multi milionaire head of the party pushed poles in debts and misery after he convinced them to take credits in swiss francs and think polish constitition of 3rd may 1791 is still in power . 
  i wo n't comment his other dumb things , because i do n't want to do this , but it only shows he 's incompetent and people who votes for him must be too . 
  . n is a socialist bank-friendly populist party , their leader convinced poles to get credit in swiss franks , that later pushed many poles into financial problems . 
  zl is a non-program socialist party , who thinks gay rights , in virto and chruch are the top notch problems of poland . 
  korwin focuses on major changes and thinks the whole system , not in vitro is a main problem of poland , that 's why he gets voters from students and other educated people of new generation , who are n't brainwashed by the mass media, 
  in poland too . 
  the majority of high-iq voters voted for korwin . 
  korwin votes were also mostly from college students and other people of newest generation . 
  haha lol !, 
  that 's true , without america this country would be nothing . 
  it 's mostly language similarity . 
  estonian is basically like dialect of finnish , they sound exactly the same . 
  but beside that i do n't see any similities . 
  i think estonians chosed finland because they want to be associated with a richer and more successful country . 
  well , average wage in ukraine is lower than in moldova ... 
  nope , the people clearly said that they are n't proud/are ashamed of be romanian/bulgarian and since they are part of eu they are using it , because eu reminds them of money and efficiency and their national flag reminds them of poverty and corruption . 
  i 'm not that surprised if i was romanian i would n't be proud of it . 
  this is a normal reaction of people . 
  that 's my experience on this sub and i met lot of people there . 
  some romanian guys and probably one bulgarian here on europe . 
  good , east eruopeans are wearing eu flags mostly because they are ashamed of the country they live ( or more realistically ) they were born in since most of them are in western europe already doing shittiest jobs . 
  uk is not that bad . 
  i though he come from bulgaria . 
  most people having a eu flair are from `` worst '' eu countries and are ashamed of having a national flair in it . 
   alejandro do n't call my name ... roberto . 
  where are you from ? 
   two years at that age is a very long time . 
  because not everybody claim that they are victim of racism everyday . 
  also normal people do n't commit suicide , this connection to bullying is clear . 
  nobody would end up with their life for no reason . 
  also poles are unliked in the uk and that 's fact . 
  and i 'm not surprised tho . 
  that 's true , but it 's not like poles are n't unwelcomed there by certain sort of people . 
  also admiting this once does n't imply there was n't anything like that after . 
  that 's not wanting for a better life , but greed . 
  simply leech on money . 
  before 2004 there was no poles in britain . 
  and those people lived and have something to eat , they did n't starve . 
  smart parents should know that she might be unwelcomed in her new country , because of mass flood of poles who came there in just few years . 
  that 's mostly her parents fault . 
  they should n't emigrate or migrate without her . 
   so poland wants to leave the eu ? 
  what the hell came to your mind to conclude that ? 
  did somebody propose ban of trade ? 
  do you know what we 're talking about ? 
  south korea is basically a national protectionism . 
  they allowed foreign capital to flood their country quite recently , while they 've already build their economy on their own . 
  i do n't see a bad things that were happening in south korea in the period of 1960-1990 . 
   like all the asian tigers trade was the main reason for their growth . 
  if you dont know what you 're talking about , then do n't talk . 
  south korea 's main policy was national protectionism and creating big conglomerates . 
  south korea, 
   isolationist economic policies has worked so well for everybody in the past  it worked very well for a developing smart countries . 
  opinions of both polish guy and that norwegian lady is extremely biased and ignorant . 
  but assuming posts from romanians on reddit like `` look how they hate us '' you seem to be masochistic . 
   his first video after the shooting you still did n't give an an evidence . 
   like his comments about shooting down passenger plane mh17 where he exactly said that ? 
   which only shows how shit the rest of our league must be exactly . 
  the shittier football club is , the worse fans it has . 
   pro-russian commentators like max kolonko he is n't pro-russian . 
  he just likes a strong leadership like putin and he admires him . 
  and they play so bad . 
  all they have is cash , pr and their dumb fans . 
  football and legia warsaw are two separate things . 
  legia warsaw is a big pile of a bullcrap not a football club . 
  and their fan are one of the most primitive bunch of animals you can see in your lifetime . 
  with a little help of some mother that name starts on r. 
   more people to hate on the eu and get poland closer to russia wow , you must be really misinformed if you think poland will get closer to russia anytime soon . 
  socialism intensifies, 
  i see you 're a young american patriot and trump supporter . 
  i do n't think there is any sense of continuing this discussion . 
  you obviously know nothing , like the fact that the us debt is bigger than the economy itself and most of your debt is in the hands of china , they are dependent on you ... hmm i think you 're more dependent on them than they on you . 
  just cancel the production in china and your economy is falling , they will find a way because their market is protected by state , most of companies and products in china are china made and chinese who are quickly getting richer created a very absorbing market . 
  you wo n't survive without china , they will survive without you . 
  also if you are voting for a candidate that is sure that mexico will pay for a wall against themselves is enough to say you are uneducated or really really naive . 
  also ... a comparison to the ussr lol . 
  you did n't crush ussr , do n't even dream about it . 
  you 're # 1 in incarceration rate and mass shooting you mean . 
  the biggest economy is now china . 
   if you actually think the us is irrelevant us is actually too relevant , a country run by a not so smart politicians elected by not the smartest inhabitants is n't the best combination you can imagine you probably ca n't read properly . 
  i 've never said us is irrelevant . 
  i actually heard so many `` superpower '' referrences towards india . 
  mostly in economic pres like ft.  china has a lot of global influence , but most of it is n't cultural actually `` made in china '' speaks for itself , but the cultural influence is a big reason for people to consider each country a superpower . 
  i think when it comes to cultural influence china and india are on the same level . 
   china invests tons of money in a lot of countries , produces a huge amount of the world 's consumer goods , and is the only country other than russia that can even think of militarily challenging the us in certain circumstances .
