  being anticommunist means nazi ? 
  actually 99,99 % of poles are highly anticommunist does it mean we are nazis ? 
  or maybe that statement was n't sarcastic . 
   polish neo-nazi and footbal chooligans attacks on lithuania a lot they are n't neo-nazi . 
  polish football hooligans are not nazi and are against nazis . 
  why do you consider them being nazis ? 
  any argument behind it ? 
  i would n't be happy my country would adopt euro , but if people in lithuania are seeing positive aspects of that , then im happy . 
  in poland something like that would end on the street with thousands of protesting people . 
  that 's my opinion . 
  do n't donwnvote me . 
  i know that subreddit is lefitist and euroenthusiast , but majority of people have different views . 
  so i see situation in romania is doing better . 
  am i right ? 
  polish-lithuanian military commonwealth ? 
  i 'm happy that the npd get so low . 
  but ... really ? 
  germany ? 
  the nazi parties should n't exist at all . 
  wake up . 
  congratulations france !!!, 
  maybe i will be downvoted on this subreddit , but i want to say you are doing great job . 
  france has really big problem with immigration and islamization . 
  stereotypes are mostly offensive . 
  actually lubuskie is one of the poorest regions of poland , but unlike the eastern regions it has no other opinion . 
  yes you 're right . 
  but those 3 voivodeships have also other opinions , much more common than `` poor '' or `` village '' . 
  lubuskie has no any other opinion than `` poor '' . 
  wow !, 
  very interesting . 
  i see now germany has booming immigration unlike before . 
  `` thanks '' to south european crisis and economic recovery of germany . 
  what 's happened to finland ? 
  i thought only south has economical problems . 
  albania and ukraine really stand out from other european countries . 
  poland 's economy rises only 3.3 % in q1 . 
  romania you beat us for the first time !, 
  most of former east-block needs to catch up even the asian tigers such as taiwan , korea , or singapore which are rich but also developing fast . 
  much faster than those who need to cath up the west in eastern europe . 
  it is very depressive that we are in economic hole . 
  europe 's growth is so low compared to other countries such as latin american or asian tigers ... 
  it differs from russian , some words are similar but it 's not like russian, 
  there is no literal translation of any of the stations ... hopefully ... 
  independence marsh is n't organized to be anti government , it 's some people who are making this anti-government, 
  yes , because fights between antifa and m\u0142odzie\u017c wszechpolska are very anti-government ... 
  that 's 11 november march , the independence day , not anti-government march, 
  germany ... what 's wrong with you !, 
  we like the slovakian northern lights . 
  all other countries are run by little girls . 
  never heard about that stereotype towards czechs . 
  we think we are known for wearing socks and sandals . 
   i do n't think it is a good reason to invade someone you 're right . 
  lithuania should n't invade poland in colaboration with soviets in 1919 and 1939 . 
  cameron is n't pleased that uk is not a superpower anymore . 
  * russian ambassador in poland, 
  in polish targ - market but the second part viste ( ? ), 
  i do n't know . 
  really ? 
  roman empire had negative natural growth ? 
  we 're more like germans when it comes to humour , but still better than brits . 
  this so ... unappropriate . 
  but i like it . 
  that 's very good for finland . 
   ( how fear fucked green mountain ) czech ca n't into polish language, 
  if some pole has surname schmidt or szmit is n't enough to prove that this name is polish . 
  similar in russia . 
  do you know how many people of polish ancestry live in russia ? 
  belarus was under polish rule , hence this surname delivered from polish . 
  you wo n't see such names in croatian or russian . 
  because it delievers from koz\u0142owski , which is only a polish surname . 
  brazilian physics !, 
  both . 
  are all polish surnames . 
  was kinda different back then , but i 'll let you think like that . 
  this is lithuanized version of polish kowalski edit : after lithuanian independence in 1919 lithuanians started to ban polish language and artificially renamed all surnames , street names etc. 
  ok then, 
  i do n't think my job is to educate you about ww2 . 
  please delete your post ( my post are being deleted too ), 
  jewish life flourished in every region in europe including germany prior to ww2 . 
  the ww2 and ability to legally cleaning `` the nordic race '' ( which is rather funny considering estonians have nothing to do with nordic race ) verified the estonian antisemitism only one there who ca n't read is you , because all i mentioned was ww2 , i do n't care about interwar period . 
  people who did holocaust in estonia were estonians , not germans . 
  that 's all . 
  i think someone is a full historical falsificator . 
  wikipedia articles are too much ? 
  edit : i have nothing against estonians , but i 'm just pointing your nonsense , i do n't think you 're a good representant of estonia , if you ca n't even admit your country 's crimes . 
  [ here is the explanation ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3lcoyh/how_poles_view_other_nations_2014/cv56k51 ) also greeks probably because of crisis and dumb stereotype of a lazy greek . 
  from what i heard from the society romania was always percieved as a `` bad example '' of a country . 
  people see this country as poor and corrupt country full of gypsies who come and steal . 
  romania earned pretty much bad reputation since 90 's and 00 's nowadays people do n't even know who the ceausescu was . 
  and the polish-romanian relations during interwar and ww2 period . 
  all they know are gypsies . 
  and that 's very very sad . 
  edit : once i met a romanian girl in warsaw and she said that first thing what people said to her when she told that she 's from romania was `` are you really romanian ? 
  '' , `` you 're so white ! '', 
  so there is an obvious and strong stereotype of a romanian gypsy beggar . 
  i think poland needs more romanians to learn about you . 
  i think latvia is viewed probably the same as rest baltics , probably lower than estonia and higher than lithuania . 
  estonian jewish population was extremely low , yet they got ethnically cleansed in nearly 100 % , thanks mostly due to estonian colaboration . 
  it 's not like jews are perfect and completely innocent , but those are just historical facts . 
   there was no information about nazi atrocities against jews here , much of which even the allies with their vast spy networks only learned after the end of the war .
