  scandinavia has immigrants from backward 3rd world african countries where islam is like christianity in medieval europe . 
  there is other mentality and people have cultural and civilisation barriers and they do n't know that raping a women is crime . 
  ehhh ... 
  when i said that muslims in sweden are big problem people downvoted me . 
  i hope now you will see . 
  well sweden is no. 1 in rape stats in europe and most of that rape is connected with islam . 
  if you do n't see the problem then it 's sad . 
  about unemplyoment ... for sweden it 's not a problem . 
  for spain is . 
  muslim is not race . 
  it 's people who believe in religion which is turning europe into 3rd world . 
  look how they treat women . 
  what about muslim problem in sweden ? 
  the hate and tension is growing ... 
  i 'm surprised that sweden is so high . 
  looking on riots in this country i would n't consider this country safe . 
  i think its maybe connected to terrorism danger which is probably low in sweden . 
  lithuania has big homicide rate , that 's why, 
  great sensationalist we have over there . 
  in both of them . 
  you cant trust russians . 
   did n't that crash wipe out good chunk of your officials ? 
  yes , you 're right , but we still have many politicians to choose . 
  plane crash is other topic , still very controversial , but not connected to our current ruling party , and definitely not with `` tape scandal '' . 
  there is stilght chance that russians are involved in that . 
  nobody knows that . 
  but it might be . 
  poland has really bad relationship with russia right now and russia is well known for messing in other countries ( such as ukraine ), 
  luckly only in wykop . 
  but amount of brainwashed young people is growing . 
  coalition with knp is still better than knp ruling alone . 
  but what plane crash ( if you mean that ) has to do with our current rulling party ? 
  what do you mean by `` again '' ? 
  this government is rulling this country over 7 years . 
  it 's time to change . 
  no , polish people want janusz korwin-mikke which is even bigger clown . 
  that 's shame for my country, 
   it was a hyperbole no shit, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/miros%c5%82aw_hermaszewski in your face  in fact i 'm talking about national space program which had only 3 countries ussr , china and usa conclusion : romania can not into space like most of countries in the world ^ ^ ^ hahaha, 
  wow so it 's really young city . 
  my city has 1017 years . 
  no no no no romania can not into space  romania can not into uk too . 
   why ? 
  he looks like a normal conservative guy . 
  no , he looks like some insane politician . 
  i might support some of his economic views , but i do n't support radical revolution what he wants to do . 
  his views are like from xix century . 
  he really believs that everything privatized is better . 
  in fact he also will do a shame for poland in european parliament like farage did for britain , but even worse . 
  farage said : `` i 'm happy there is someone that will makes me look normal '' i 'm against death penalty in poland . 
  because it 's not working i think that life sentence is worse punnishment . 
  death is escape . 
  he also wants to legalize marijuana and even hard drugs , also the weapon . 
  i 'm against it too . 
  he is against public studies , public health care , coeducation , i also do n't believe that he will solve retirement problem in poland . 
  romania is not much richer than algeria . 
  that would cost you a lot . 
  an embarrasment for poland, 
  thank you . 
  how about 1990 stats ? 
  lithuania after agreement witch soviets ( `` little ribbentrop-molotov pact '' ) took about 15 % of wilno voivodeship including the capital and the biggest cities . 
  rest of that region was taken to ussr . 
  and that 's called occupation . 
  about holocaust . 
  lithuanian nazi policemans did horrible job in vilna ghetto , also they were those who killed 80,000 in ponary forest with germans . 
  yes , they were mostly forced to do that if they were `` racially valuable '' . 
  mostly death or joining werhmacht , a lot of people chosen the 2nd choise . 
  and also poland . 
   so that he would n't have to go through passport check when visiting his parents current borders of lithuania are result of soviet-lithuanian agreement allowing the state of lithuania of taking part of integral and predominantly polish populated territory of poland in 1939 . 
  i think we should n't take zaolzie just before war . 
  it dropped our reputation . 
  i know that czechoslovakians occupied it , but that region was n't really important , only culturally tied with poland . 
  ponary massacre , cooperation with nazis in ww2 ( on a large scale ) invading part of poland after agreement with soviets etc. 
  and also huge contribution in holocaust.that 's sad you do n't know about it . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ponary_massacre http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_territorial_defense_force http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vilna_ghetto, 
  i think russians live in another world . 
  majority of them still think that katyn massacre was done by germans , and they attacked poland because they wanted to save minorities then they liberate us in 1945 . 
  source ? 
  many times in forums , youtube and personal discussions with russians . 
  can you give me source of comparsion ? 
  you better invest in eastern ... germany because it 's still big difference between east and west . 
  is n't that france already ? 
   ^ ^ ^ joke, 
  i think i burned that farben, 
  i 've heard that german immigrants in switzerland are big problem so they closed borders with germany ( for immigration ) and schwaben will no of w\u00f6rkings, 
  ig farben already fired me ;( who will produce jewish soap now ? 
  in poland he 's presented like hitler ... 
  i mean , he is very very unfamous . 
  because he sold lithuania to poland ( not litarally of course ) and he became polish, 
  i really hate stereotype that poles clean toilets in uk . 
  that 's very embarassing for me . 
  but it 's true that our compatriots do the lowest skilled jobs , also have really bad opinion of job stealers and drunktards in uk ( which is of course true ) , but they do n't clean toilets . 
  and i 've never worked in any foreign country . 
  also i hate stereotype that poland used calvary against tanks and was easy to conquer . 
  i like architecture in copenhagen , very neclecting and organized . 
  wow . 
  really interesting . 
  russia also warned poland against joining nato in 90 's and they did nothing . 
  russia is like barking dog . 
  a big cancer of europe .
