  countries should have sovereign matter on a budget , defense , external relations , laws etc. 
  for me eu should be limited to free trade and common market eu is not a country and will never be and people should stop act as it is . 
  of course the internal eu-problems should have been solved somewhere , but by heads of the states , not a clusterfuck of highly paid people who does absolutely nothing in a gargantuous and ultra-expensive buildings . 
  looking at this waste of money is making me shiver honestly . 
   i 've been a leftist for way , way longer than that . 
  ok , that explains much . 
  i thought you 're just yet another poor kid which had fall into a propaganda . 
  but it comes out these are just your political views from the beginning . 
   i was talking more about the general right-wing culture in your countries poland was ruled by - peoples movement , post-commies , right , socio-democrats , socio-democrats , right i do n't think that is a right-wing culture . 
   i 'm perhaps too familiar with hungarian rightists and i see a certain similarity between them and polish rightists . 
  in general right is similar , because it 's right , and it follows the same principles . 
  ... tell me more, 
  i dream of a federation of sovereign nations with free trade ( at least that was a principle of eu ) eu comission have n't even done anything good for us . 
  and they are costing us so much tax money , look at these gigantic buildings in brussels . 
  look at how much these people get from us and how many of them are there . 
  one of the reasons why britain leaved the eu . 
  you should n't get your informations from reddit and create your polical views out of it ( i 'm sorry but i have to ) abortion was illegal in poland since poland became a free country that 's what was negociated as a compromise ( only exceptions rape , danger of health and death of a mother ) which for me is very acceptable form although is useless in current form ( it made more sense before poland joined eu/schengen and it was harder to get through borders and made abortions . 
   no wonder you get along with the hungarians . 
  as far as i know abortion is legal in hungary and we get along with everybody except russia . 
  i hope you 're ok . 
   semi-illegalized you should get information what `` semi-illegalized '' means . 
  your opinion is as relevant as nothing , considering you 're romanian , you do n't know anything about poland , polish politics and what was hapening in poland under po and thus have no serious argument to prove who is a problem . 
  po voters are real problem , they are extremely agressive , hateful bunch of vile people who want revangism and live in their imagined world . 
  i 'm ashamed i share a nationality with them and i do n't even consider them my compatriots , and thus i 'm ashamed of polish people , because inside of it there is such a big group of deviants . 
  poles in uk make up the highest amout of foreign prisoners there  so it 's one of the reasons why we are called such a safe country . 
  human trash migrated from there . 
  i 'm sad we are using this methods to get rid of our problems as for the foreign gangs in poland , we also had romanian gypsies defrauding money , ukrainian criminals and german border thieves . 
  i 'm glad we do n't have to face muslims though . 
  i do n't know , but for sure we export our criminals and degenerates abroad . 
  if you ask me i think such institutions like european parliament , european commision etc. 
  should all be liquidated . 
  i can not believe how much of our european money is wasted on it and these institutions do not solve any problems , they 're even creating new . 
  european tribunal should stay though . 
  i 'm generalizing around 20 % of adults ( voters of po ) which in this case is very true . 
  they need to perish / s , 
  that 's true . 
  the hate in the society is immense and around 25 % ( or 20 % of them depending on polls ) of poles are driving me nuts . 
  i ca n't believe i have to deal with such people on a daily basis, 
  there are real plans to build a new gigantic central airport located between warsaw and lodz size of lax ( possibly ) it will be finished around 2030 http://www.thenews.pl/1/12/artykul/298002,ministers-back-new-central-airport-for-poland, 
  polish people, 
  hey !, 
  they got a `` air circulation '', 
  it was a language of peasantry that did n't had much contact with other people . 
  but that 's not true it changed very little . 
  in xx centry it went trough very significant lingual reforms changing alphabet , grammar and words , so to say it changed very little is a bad word . 
  it 's a unique language like many european languages . 
   you never think about other people around you what ? 
  it is n't what politics is about ? 
  to care about the people . 
  that 's why the train is so shitty . 
  they already knew it wo n't be in good state afterwards so they always put the old ones . 
  portugal was n't insulted 2/10, 
  romania - developing country ok france - developing country what ? 
  poland new germany ? 
  we 've been new germany more than once to be honest . 
  also iceland banana republic lol, 
   ukraine shows greece the way how to fuck up your own state . 
  i doubt middle of march is a vacation time , but nevertheless you 're probably right . 
  it applies to every scandinavian . 
  they probably do n't know that in polish metro we do n't talk . 
  and we 're proud of it . 
  take that into your heart portugal . 
  can not into space . 
  good luck . 
  which proves my words that belarus used to be richer . 
  kinda strage that a backward and closed dicatorship had higher gdp than eu member which receives a big amount of subsidies . 
  yes , but only recently you catched their level - due to russian sanctions . 
  1-2 years ago romania had lower gdp than belarus . 
  ukraine ? 
  404 country not found . 
  seems to be quite true recently . 
  that 's what most of europe think of poles to be precise , that 's because of polish emigrants that move there to live , that to be honest are n't the brightest living things we produced ( to say the least ) . 
  to be honest in poland there is no stereotypes of sweden , but in my opinion swedes are very loud and talk and laugh very loudly in public transportation . 
  that 's from my experience from northern poland . 
  i doubt that 's a stereotype there since most poles do n't care about sweden and most of the things they know about this country is what they read from the internet . 
  usually bad things like high crime rates and rapes . 
  so the question of `` do n't use euro '' is kinda realistic . 
  in comparsion to other yugoslav countries yes , you are suprisingly rich . 
   that simply is not true . 
  the german minority in then eastern poland was quite small , while territories like upper silesia were basically fully german . 
  i do n't think you understood what i wrote . 
  germans were n't minority in eastern poland they did n't exist there . 
  i told about poles from there . 
  also whole upper silesia to opole was 60-70 % polish which every ethnic map can approve . 
  like this . 
  http://mapsontheweb.zoom-maps.com/image/120841461822  you could perfectly swap poles and germans here aswell nope , you could n't . 
  i already explained you why . 
  i hope i 'll not repeat myself . 
  expulsion was , meant to all eastern europe . 
  including the regions that were part of germany and ethnically polish ( upper silesia and masuria ) where people were expulsed or killed and their houses were given to the germans according to lebensraum , it was typical for all poland . 
   also as much as you specifically mentioned that nazis were living in houses forcibly taken from poles ( and i do not deny this is true ) , do n't forget that poles just seized homes of germans in the area aswell . 
  majority of people that were transported to the ethnic german territories were homeless people from the eastern poland which was annexed by soviet union and was given to 3 soviet republics . 
  and thus poles were forced to move out . 
  also it 's hard to live in a house when their is no house , because the city is destroyed . 
  do not compare those two things . 
  poles in germany and german occupation were robbed from everything and their house was a nice gift for germans , unlike poles who landed in a pile of rubble , many of poles were also coming back from the expulsion . 
   you can blame quite a lot of things on germany , but one thing that is not germany 's fault is that you ended up under the soviets it is a fault : from the foundation of communism by germans to the ribbentrop-molotov pact which claimed poland under soviets . 
  to the end of the war . 
  also i do n't think soviet occupation was worse , it was just horrible . 
  a great way to make people love eu .
