   most immigrants from poland to britain are low education laborers . 
  that 's why there 's the `` polish plumber '' stereotype in western europe . 
  i ca n't imagine that there are a lot of open jobs in that field in poland . 
  there 's also the question that , even if they found a job , would their job provide enough income . 
  dude , if someone would feel really bad in uk , he would fled . 
  end of discussion . 
   afaik poland doesent have any significant welfare for immigrants , so they 'd have to work to survive you 're just pretending to be idiot . 
  do n't you ? 
  your karma is n't great , so i 'll leave that . 
   and they probably would n't find a job to feed their family !, 
  the truth is that most of them would find a job . 
  unemployment rate in poland is around 7-8 % , also why are you putting this idiotic , demagogia of `` to feed their family ! '', 
  dude , there is no starvation in poland . 
  if not eu those people would stay in poland . 
  most of people are n't even bother looking for a job in a different city , they just go for an easy way to plane for 20 euro to uk . 
   also how do you not understand that the `` islamic '' refugees are coming to europe for the same reason that poles are coming to britain , for better living and working conditions . 
  no , just , no . 
  people are here to be feeded by the state , ( new place to live , socials etc. ), 
  and they bring a different culture to us which might bring a terrorist threat . 
  many of muslims in france who were entered here because `` they are poor and opressed '' are now rioting , killing and trying to introduce sharia law . 
   there are half a million poles living in britain who oftentimes face discrimination if they would face discrimination they would go back to their own country . 
  i do n't see many coming back also if you are comparing migrant workers looking for better standards of living to islamic refugees then you 're retarded . 
  did you think when you read this article ? 
  yes , you 're right they do n't want poles . 
  they also do n't want croatians , so i want let you feel better , because you insulted some nationals . 
  it 's written by `` gazeta wyborcza '' a very hated newspaper over there . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  this article was made to spread lies about poles and force us to take more islamists . 
  oh my god ... 
  goddam brits comin ' there and stealin ' our auschwitz items ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  well ... old norse is basically icelandic . 
  it 's pretty much `` relevant europe '' insead of `` northern europe '', 
  hungary ... can into space ? 
  i 'm just clarifying misconceptions . 
  lithuania was n't really a kind and innocent country as they think and try to spread on the internet . 
  i understand they are young nation and they will soon grow . 
  and i might be also biased from my polish perspective . 
  but in my opinion most of things some lithuanians want to present here are awfully nationalistic and untrue ( or miscoloured ) , glady only part of them are . 
  baltic nations are n't my most favourite one 's , but it does n't mean i ca n't say anything about them . 
  i 'm actually interested in history of central europe , especially interwar , ww2 and after . 
  i personally have nothing against baltic countries , but i like to clarify my disagreement . 
  ca n't say that . 
  my firend was robbed in estonia near ship . 
  basicailly this thread is about death penalty for murder ( probably ) not for stealing . 
  crime is n't low in estonia . 
  but at least change style of the sentence in your native language to italic to make it looks more glorious . 
  wow if not this video i would n't even know about this `` games '' . 
  another billions wasted by corrput azerbaijani government to make great pr . 
  blah !, 
  never !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ except ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ wilno, 
  in belarusian is `` hrodna '' though grodno is also in russian and since bulba is russian it does n't matter much . 
  nope . 
  it 's koz\u0142owski frpm kozio\u0142 - male goat , there is also kosowski , but it is from kosa - scythe, 
   kazlauskas - may denote a person from a town whose name derives from the polish for goat . 
  in fact this is lithuanized version of polish `` koz\u0142owski '' pretty popular surname over there . 
   that 's the point is that we do n't have anything common with e. europeans hundreds of years of russian rule , being part of soviet union , having russian minority , having post-soviet mentality like russian and other countries , being equally poor as post sovietblock countries . 
  no , you do n't have anything common with eastern europe . 
  in fact lithuania is eastern europe . 
  language does n't mean you 're not the same . 
  though many ca n't distinguish lithuanian from russian . 
  both sounds familiar in west european ears . 
   the true `` eastern europe '' for me starts after kiev . 
  long , wide boulevards , high commie blocks , grid-lined streets . 
  go to google maps and see the sattelite image of daugavpils , latvia . 
  is n't it eastern european country as you present ? 
  lithuania is actually the most easterneuropean-like country in eu , maybe just after bulgaria . 
  i do n't think what is nordic in lithuania , not culture and not the economy at all . 
   and most popular subject for complaining apparently is ~ ~ weather ~ ~ ** politicians and country itself **, 
   this is why you guys integrated so well over here . 
  the fact is that they stop complaining when they get into uk . 
  everything then seems to be perfect and everything in poland seems to be shitty and without hope and if something is n't working in britain it does n't matter becuase it also probably does n't work in poland etc. . . at least from my experience from people i know . 
  right sector is also a supporter of a murderous criminal organization , that killed thousands of innocent people , that is enough to close this party as soon as possible . 
  you should be happy now , ` murica . 
  this is what you get for constant striking and demands from trade unions . 
  but all americans are at least 1/56137562 irish . 
  ironically boar hunting is quite a common thing in western poland . 
  even if they are limites of hunting , many older guys find this entertaining . 
  in the netherlands ? 
  yes . 
  my friend was living 1 year in the netherlands and the best part of this country was leaving it . 
  he said that he never seen so much racist people as in nl . 
  sadly . 
  that dutchmen thinks uk thinks like them . 
  poland has actually plan to evacuate christian syrians to poland . 
  300 families will arrive to poland soon . 
  most of germans actually do n't buy a house , but rent it . 
  ukrainians are better option that isis members , or african islamists . 
  still better than in poland . 
   anyone who wants to buy a house or apartment at a reasonable age is almost automatically in considerable debt . 
  like everywhere in the world . 
  no it is artificial old city . 
  it has nothing to do with previous one except some similarities in architecture . 
  people were used to live in a different city of concrete blocks back then and now they have their own `` old '' city . 
  why then they could n't rebuild it before ? 
   students are already included in statistics of electorate with higher or basic/high-school education not true . 
  they were separately counted people . 
  that 's completely not true . 
  only 20-30 % of wroc\u0142aw people have backgrounds from lw\u00f3w . 
  most of them come from other regions from central poland .
