  if someone does n't see this , then i 'm very dissapointed real fully independent state of eu is germany who dictates law under their interests . 
  ps by looking how many people downvoted me i see that some people live in another world , which is n't conneted to reality , or just they are uneducated, 
  it 's so nice to have such bizzare neighbor , 
  ironically they are more independent than netherlands or poland . 
   he fact that majority of population spoke polish because it was a direct consequence of lithuanian nobles adopting polish in their courts during the period of commonwealth means 0 and those `` lithuanian nobles '' lived only in wilno region a tiny place between lithuania and belarus ? 
  do you even hear yourself ? 
  that statement is obviously idiotic and makes no sense . 
  ruthenians ( todays belarusians who were called lithuanians because they lived in a land called lithuania ) and ruthenian nobles polonized themselves , but only nobles , not the regular people , and those nobles did n't had any geographical location , just they were in minsk , smolensk or even kiev not only wilno . 
  and because of that you ca n't call polish who live now in lithuania `` polonized lithuanian nobles '' because that makes no sense . 
   a modern nation is defined by its main language and customs with wilno being connected strongly to poland not only lingually and ethnically , but also culturally and historically . 
  lithuania just attacked that region and took lands with soviets . 
   that poland at the time was 4th most aggressive and imperialistic european country new born countries were usually agressive towards other new countries like lithuania was to poland and vice versa . 
  poland wanted to restore land of commonwealth , we also were very antisoviet and anticommunist . 
  we wanted to introduce plan `` mi\u0119dzymorze '' which would be strong wall between soviet union and nazi germany . 
  of course that failed because lithuania demanded nonlithuanian city and create it as their capital . 
  tensions between them growing . 
  and if we were in union with for instance ukraine , then holodomor would n't exist . 
   third lie of yours - lithuania attacked poland in 1939 . 
  soviets and nazi germany did actually soviets , germans , austrians ( because they were nazis too ) and ... lithuanians . 
  lithuania after agreement with soviet union which were basically kind of interest between those two countries attacked wilno with help and support of soviet union to illegal incorporation to lithuania . 
  for example wilno 1919-1939 in polish borders was officially confirmed in international stage . 
  only country that did n't recognized borders was lithuania . 
  and you should also read about cooperation with nazis . 
  lithuanians not only cooperated with soviets , but also with nazis like the help with holocaust and ethnic cleansing ( rather genocide ) of poles , for example the ponary massacre when lithuanian nazi colaborators killed 100k poles and polish jews . 
  and that was done by lithuanians . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ponary_massacre and what was done after was just a reason of a naivety and cunning of a state of lithuania and it 's people . 
  lithuanians believed soviets will be their parnter , but then they incorporated them into their zone of influence . 
  if plan `` mi\u0119dzymorze '' was done and lithuania woud n't be barking dog then we could defend themselves . 
  tl ; dr poles in today 's vilnius region are ethnic poles , not any kind of `` polonized lithuanian nobles '' and they did n't want to be part of lithuania . 
  well , they still do not want , 
  they can support whatever they want . 
  i believe lithuania is a democratic country . 
  i do n't cry about wilno . 
  i just hate when someone is trying to present fake history . 
  polish history of this city is important , because poles build this city ( the old part ) . 
  i do n't want to have it back . 
  i just want lithuania to respect minority rights just like poland do . 
  the only side which attacked and occupied polish city was lithuania after agreement with soviets called `` little ribbertrop-molotov pact '' . 
  that region was n't even connected to modern day lithuania because it was over 90 % polish and jewish and about 95 % spoke polish not lithuanian . 
  people there did n't want to be part of lithuania . 
  after that it was incorporated to the state of lithuania to became part soviet lithuanian republic . 
  fun fact : in 1938 lithuania finally approved borders with poland with wilno and other cities as a part of integral clay of poland . 
  then attacked in 1939 with nazis and soviets other fun fact : kaunas ( kowno ) was over 60 % polish before i ww and when was incorporated to lithuania their government banned using polish and started to lithuanize them that much that there is not many people who are polish now in this region , but they have polish surnames with end of - as, 
  crimea was n't attacked by russian army . 
  while wilno was attacked and occupied by lithuanian army after agreement with soviet union . 
  then you get under soviet influence . 
  and because of that some people in pl does n't respect lithuanians , but not me . 
  i personally prefer lithuanian over russian . 
  when lithuanians will really consider your `` capital '' as a old polish city which is now lithuanian then we all be ok . trust me . 
  just like wroc\u0142aw that 's polish city with german quite long past and we do n't deny infulence of both countries even czechs had wroc\u0142aw for long time . 
   which was occupied by poland in 1920-1939 more like occupied by lithuania now . 
  in 1939 lithuania after agreement with soviets attacked poland and occupied it 's territory to this day . 
  if not the border agreement between poland and lithuania in 90 's it would still be considered as a lithuanian-occupied part of poland, 
  warsaw - once beautiful city of culture , destroeyd in 90 % by germans and rebuilded in communist style under soviet occupation , now the place of very arrogant people who quickly got richer, 
  believe me i 'm thanking my politicians for being against adopting euro . 
  most of us are against this currency in pl . 
  are czechs against it ? 
  it is actually 405 euro . 
  omg that 's very low . 
  especially when you realise that prices in lithuania are much higher than in my country and lithuanians are comming there to buy cheaper . 
  and i thought minimal wage in pl is definitely too low . 
  my question is ... how lithuanians who earn minimal wage live like ? 
  szczecin what are you doing ? 
  i 'm ashamed of you . 
  suwa\u0142ki is hotter in summer, 
  germany can not into long summer break because it needings of many w\u00f6rkings, 
  do n't you worry sweden . 
  we had almost all june below 18c , sometimes was 12c in the middle of the day . 
  not better than german npd, 
  well that 's surprising . 
  i do n't know anyone who speaks german . 
  i can say only faw words and sentences in german . 
  in other hand i know a lot of people ( older ) who speak russian . 
  i just hate that ginger b ** ch ; _ ; poor bus, 
  of course he 's not . 
  you are right . 
  idk why people are downvoting you, 
  unfortunately it 's the most militarized place in europe . 
  yes , that 's only a dream . 
  then you should say m\u00f3wimy po niemiecku . 
  i had german and russian lessons in our school . 
  in communism they teached us only russian . 
  now most people learn mostly english in school . 
  m\u00f3wi\u0119 po niemiecku close enough , 
  do n't compare miltary parades with gay parades ... 
  soldiers are n't minority who want to spread their views . 
   you 're basically saying it 's wrong to say that being gay is okay being in parades and playing a deviant idiot is not saying that being gay is ok , it is promoting and spreading bad stereotypes of homosexuals , that 's why i want it to be illegal . 
   at best , lets say that you have a flat gay rate of 10 % in a society that 's definitley too much . 
  there are 3 % of homosexual people in the world . 
   how about making heterosexual parades in psychological way i would n't consider it reasonable , because it could create fake view of heterosexuality being something bizzare and rare . 
  no , i 'm not gay, 
  they are promoting homosexuality . 
  parades are forms of spreading views , promoting themselves . 
  most of gay-pride parades are just awful . 
  i have homosexual firend who do n't like this , becasue it 's increasing bad stereotypes about them . 
  paedophilia is illegal even if kids want to have sex with 40 year old guy , so that 's also hurts in personal freedom ? 
  like i said i do n't have anything against homosexuals and even people like you who are trying to convince me that i 'm a homophobe wo n't change anything, 
  what else ? 
  i see ... meh ... first of all i 'm not questioning homosexuality . 
  i respect `` normal '' homosexuals , by saying normal i mean that they are people who do n't spead it 's homosexualoty .
