  i can only remind you that to 2015 po did almost nothing what they promised in 2007 , yeah 8 years . 
  and this party has now 8 % and it 's a political walking dead trying to desperately gain votes through attack . 
  i did n't notice that . 
  people usually say niderlandzki and that is a correct case . 
  no https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/j%c4%99zyk_niderlandzki, 
  holandia - netherlands ( country ) holenderski - dutch ( adjective ) niderlandzki - dutch ( language ) holender - dutch ( person ) holenderka - dutch ( female person ), 
  do n't be surprised . 
  germans feeded by this by their media and press which clearly make that picture . 
  it 's not him to blame , but rather the press . 
  he 's only the victim . 
  most people do not have any issues with the british, 
  wtf is with that shitposting about poland here ? 
  because `` w '' is a special polish letter ? 
  then speak polish . 
  are you czech ? 
   2,000,000 poles living and working in germany those are not polish immigrants , but poles and germans of polish background . 
  or self-identified . 
  yet . 
  you can look up on immigration of 2014 . 
  poland was the third most immigrational country in europe in relation to the population after sweden and malta . 
  while the sweden 's and malta 's are mostly arabs the poland 's one were ukrainians and russians which are european and that 's very important . 
  it is nearly 1 million actually 800k . 
  still a large number . 
  i ca n't say how many of them are here to live permanently though . 
  that 's data for 2014, 
  not czech republic either . 
  they should never come there . 
  there are also russian germans in volga region . 
  they also drink a lot . 
  yes exactly , 
  it was part of kingdom of hungary but the region was inhabited by poles , as the part of galicia which were part of austria . 
  castle and territories were handed over to poland after trianon treaty . 
  hurr durr glorious estonia was undervalued !!, 
  eesti would want to be part of sweden any day . 
  just to be nordic . 
  actually eesti would be the non-nordic overseas territory of sweden . 
  eesti can not into nordic even when nordic !, 
  kaczy\u0144ski is a supreme leader in disguise . 
  he has control over pm and president and he 's trying to act like he 's not . 
  also known as `` smole\u0144sk tree '' in poland, 
  i think chinese people would prefer wealth with bad air than extreme poverty and hunger . 
  something for something . 
  poles in uk have absolutely no right claiming benefits from uk budget . 
  i believe they should have their access cut and should n't be parasites . 
  if the uk 's government is concerned , then it is huge problem . 
  our previous government was against uk cutting benefits for polish immigrants , so we have our chance to have nato bases and acceptance of uk in exchange for rights of poles for claiming benefits in uk . 
  the worst poles in uk might be unhappy , but many of them will agree with me , that if you come to another country and taking advantage of higher minimum wage , then at least do n't leech the country 's system . 
  that 's dishonourable . 
  the only difficulties in building it are in creation of isotopes and having access to them and also the technology ** used for ** constrution , not the overall construction that is known by 15 kid and please now do n't manipulate what i said . 
  and i said that 15 year old kid can build it , because it 's true , because the construction is simple . 
  i never mentioned materials . 
  so in another words you 're embarrassing yourself . 
  first you act like an angry kid , now you are manipulating . 
   call me when you get one . 
  what if i would n't call you ? 
  will you attack me with your baguette ? 
  and also i like when you call me kiddo , just because i 'm still studying . 
  i 'm not saying we will have our nukes instantly . 
  i wish we were n't forced to have nukes , but it leaves us with no other option . 
  i would abolish using nukes worldwide . 
  and yet pakistan has it . 
  i do n't believe they do n't have nukes . 
  pakistan has and it 's a fucking impovershed and unfunctioning shitstate . 
  who said we need special technology ? 
  i 'm yet to have engineering degree too , we both did n't studied a nuclear technology , so you do n't have any right feeling better than me . 
  i know what i said maybe hurt , but get your shit together and do n't cry and act like an angry kid . 
  do n't be also mad that poland might have a nato bases , because we deserve that , our conrtibution in nato was huge and we are waiting for payback . 
  i 'm not a fan of this government either , but it 's still better than our previous corrupt government . 
  pis at least have a vision of a state and they want to reveal the corruption scandals and the people from our previous ruling party that were affected in it . 
  that 's why they are using every method of propaganda . 
  their affilated journalist write propaganda articles in foreign newspapers about `` poland in trouble '' and then `` poland in ruins '' and tomorrow `` right-wing fascist dictatorship '' . 
  and people reading that are victims of that . 
  do you know what is a real difference between po and pis ? 
  that when po broke constitution pis did n't shouted `` end of democracy '' worldwide and when pis was in power the was no corruption scandal , but a scandal of a suicide of a corrupted lady from leftist party that was yet to be arrested for malversations . 
  the po and sld called it `` a political move '' does n't matter if she stole the money it only matter it was `` political '' . 
  i 'm not idealising and i did n't vote for them , but as i said that party has a vision that is n't liked by po and their journalist that will continue of bashing on poland in foreign media . 
  yes , because you are an expert of nuclear technology !, 
  every 15 year old can build a nuke . 
  it 's not so hard and the technology is known for 70 years , otherwise iran would n't have nukes . 
  sorry for rough answer but that is a truth . 
  i do n't really understand that shitstorm over our nato bases . 
  we trurly deserved , we were military an american puppet for more than 15 years in a row , we financed and we died for nato in masses , so why are n't we able of having them ? 
  at least we contribute in nato and we are n't a parasite state like baltics are . 
  we want at least to be allowed to had our military potential in the region , that might benefit also your weak country too if some country will come for narva with 95 % russians in it that would want to be part of russia anyway . 
   still require visas from poles that 's not our govenment fail , but our people that were cheating and faking visas before . 
  i blame ourselfes . 
   you want to end the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons ? 
  i honestly want not to have nukes at all , but we are hopeless otherwise . 
  if would be possible i would ban using and having nukes worldwide , but we know it 's a sci-fi . 
  chinese have right to be proud of their nation . 
  their nation is a superpower that quickly gained wealth and is still developing rapidly and life standards went up too . 
  no , nato bases and nuke capability are to protect us from russia and get a full resistance if war occured ( we are first to be destroyed with or without nukes/nato bases anyway ) and we trurly deserve that bases considering our contribution in nato . 
  time will show this . 
  i personally prefer poland over unstable france having nukes . 
  france ca n't even get their shit together when it comes to internall affairs and a situation within state , and we do n't even say anything about war , when french were always a surrender cowards . 
  if a country like france is allowed to have it , so we are . 
  your logic france - north korea uk - north korea, 
  very good move . 
  at least polish immigrants will be profitable for poland for the first time . 
  krakow has more touristy places and is more `` cultural '' .
