  due to one country 's vote ? 
  what ? 
  [ early recording of ireland 's entry for eurovision . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rg0qkaaltce ), 
  good guy poland . 
  stop indulging yourself you banal little twit . 
  if i had ever stopped i would n't be able to parse your schoolyard mewlings . 
   but their smug attitude of criticizing america while simultaneously graciously outsourcing their defense and national security to the us taxpayer is bullshit this ca n't be the opinion of an actual adult . 
  is n't ireland also part of the nordic battle group ? 
  / r/de know that ` twere this not friday night and i currently not half a bottle of tullamore dew to the wind i 'd be offering you every ounce of my milquetoast , mildly dissapointing wit . 
  remember : do n't believe in yourself . 
  believe in * me , * who believes in you . 
  and again more bizarre , misplaced gloating to an event you had nothing to do with crafted * explicitly * to demean a particular nationality . 
  that is an ugly , ugly thing to see . 
  you needlessly and senselessly attacked the nationality of another user making bizarre comments of `` his people '' being okay with losing the war , that america `` smashed fascism '' and that they owed their country 's recent history to them which is just downright degrading . 
  the fact that you are now trying to imply this strange attack was at all reasonable is ludicrous . 
   / u/ltburtreynolds is a gimmick account that does n't understand everyone knows he is a gimmick account . 
   / u/ltburtreynolds is a gimmick account that does n't understand everyone knows he is a gimmick account . 
  so you 're saying `` those guys '' were okay with the us beating them in the war ? 
  ( i mean , last time i checked you guys were late to the party by a few years and the victory was mostly russia , but we 'll let that slide ), 
  when i see someone else mocking a people and deriding the idea that they would join the eu , using it as some kind of insult to both them and us , yeah , i call them out on their bigotry . 
  czechiaself , son . 
   enjoy your valuable ally and future eu member . 
  you must be so proud . 
  bigot spotted . 
  citation needed . 
   turkey actually shot down the russian jet after it left the turkish airspace ( according to turkish sources . 
  citation needed . 
   according to russian sources it never entered turkey ) . 
  citation not required . 
  / u/ltburtreynolds is a gimmick account that does n't understand everyone knows he is a gimmick account . 
   doing otherwise would be folly . 
  things i 'd type but never say . 
   rebuild your economy , and provide your security the ussr did neither of these things . 
  in fact these are the chief reasons former satellite states detested it so much , on top of the endless oppression , lawlessness and corruption . 
  i just did ? 
  this has to be the easiest campaign in the world for the leave campaign , because anytime anyone ever weighs in on it they just say `` and that 's exactly why we want * out !, 
  * '' and then the trained seals clap their hands . 
  *** follow ... the buzzards ***, 
   jeremy corbyn has warned there could be a `` bonfire '' of workers ' rights if the uk votes to leave the eu in june . 
   david cameron said they disagreed on `` lots of things '' but welcomed mr corbyn 's backing for eu membership - as leave campaigners said the labour leader `` does not really mean it '' . 
   he called for an eu minimum wage to prevent `` unscrupulous '' employers from undercutting wages , and said : `` just imagine what the tories would do to workers ' rights here in britain if we voted to leave the eu in june . 
   `` they 'd dump rights on equal pay , working time , annual leave , for agency workers , and on maternity pay as fast as they could get away with it . 
  it would be a bonfire of rights that labour governments secured within the eu . 
   `` not only that , it would n't be a labour government negotiating a better settlement for working people with the eu . 
  it would be a tory government , quite possibly led by boris johnson and backed by nigel farage , that would negotiate the worst of all worlds : a free market free-for-all shorn of rights and protections . '', 
   he said a labour government would have done more at an eu level to save the british steel industry by backing european commission proposals to impose import tariffs on chinese steel imports . 
   and he backed eu action on tax avoidance , accusing the leave campaign of wanting to make britain `` the safe haven of choice for the ill-gotten gains of every dodgy oligarch , dictator or rogue corporation '' . 
  what a refreshing breath of sanity . 
   in the uk all parties are against `` ever closer union '' . 
  every single one of them , and rightly so imo . 
  no , they 're not . 
  it 's good to see that every major party is behind this . 
  it 's a bit of a reassuring little triumph for reason and common sense given all the nonsense going on . 
  they 're sending a message to their own people . 
  `` look !, 
  see how big our balls are ? 
  * see ? 
  / u/trucidator is one of the true-believers in the brexit silliness . 
  do n't mind him . 
  look at all of this utterly needless nonsense . 
  going over budget is not illegal . 
  furthermore , the article does not say that they went over a budget of nine million , it gives the cost as nine million . 
  the government is not `` supposed to be impartial '' in this referendum . 
  i 'm not sure what rules you think govern this . 
  it 's entirely legal . 
  the article even outright states this . 
  that 's good to hear , actually . 
  i personally think it would be a massive error in judgment to leave the eu and it 's good to see the government doing it 's part to present the benefits of staying in it in factual form . 
  the main criticism of the leave campaign has been a lack of anything more than vague promises about what we * could * get while papering over what we 'd * definitely * lose , so it 's nice to see that being combatted with this manner . 
  it 's also frustrating to see much of this thread consist of leave voters attack the leaflet for it 's existence , instead of dealing with the actual argument within . 
  if you say so . 
  i release your karma prisoners . 
  i 'm responding to yours mate . 
  welp . 
  i mean , that 's what the government is doing . 
  this is one german lady living in london . 
  that 's adorable . 
   parliament has already passed the legislation . 
  what legislation ? 
  the eu does n't cut jobs or benefits , that 's westminster . 
  or , you know , your boss . 
  hell , the eu is behind a bunch of legislation that protects your workplace rights . 
  the brexit crowd are chomping at the bit over this despite ... being completely legal and sensible that the government get the facts out there . 
  queue a bunch of people telling me only ukip has the actual facts and everyone else are a bunch of non-patriotic sheeple . 
  there 's not a word in this entire article describing what 's actually in the leaflets . 
  that 's ... a thing . 
  that 's just the mechanism allowing the referendum . 
  what 's the reason we are even bothering to have this silly thing in the first place ? 
  citation needed . 
  nothing new there so here we go :  the only party behind leaving are ukip , the conservatives are , of course , broadly for staying . 
   there are either 2 major parties , in which case ukip is irrelevant , or there are the ones listed earlier , in which case ukip is irrelevant . 
  pick whichever poison tastes better going down . 
  absence of evidence is not evidence of dissent . 
  the only party behind leaving are ukip , the conservatives are , of course , broadly for staying . 
  there are either 2 major parties , in which case ukip is irrelevant , or there are the ones listed earlier , in which case ukip is irrelevant . 
  pick whichever poison tastes better going down . 
  you carried your objection with a counter-claim . 
  are you now saying you can not back that up ? 
   you claimed : `` all major parties are firmly behind the stay campaign '' .
