grats to both of you !, 
  and to sweden ( and whoever else ) for helping out . 
  who 's more likely to make a mistake when operating an anti-air gun ? 
  a trained soldier or a paramilitary who before the war broke out was a farmer or baker ? 
  absolutely the correct move . 
  the very idea of sharia creep is abhorrent . 
   their actions in syria are seen as much more important to world affairs than their actions in ukraine , i think that claim is highly dubious . 
   how did they astablish the serial number if said unit dissapeared from the face of the earth ? 
  all we had to go by is the unit designation number 312 . 
  i rather imagine they 'll explain that in the video . 
  or you could pony up for 10 the bucks ( or whatever that is in rubles ) and ask brown moses in the something awful forums yourself !, 
  massive respect for bellingcat . 
  the work they do is incredible , particularly considering the constant smear they receive from the amoral russian government and media organs . 
   i wonder how come you guys are n't tired yet of jerking each other off with the incessant ` no russians in ukraine !!, 
  just a trick of the eye ! ', 
  jokes . 
  do you seriously find them funny and clever ? 
  we 'll probably stop talking about it whenever your boss stops invading ukraine . 
  i mean that 's just my two cents . 
  seems logical to me . 
  seems silly of you to even ask , to be quite honest . 
  pretty solid questions tbf . 
  it better fucking not . 
  we 're all tired of this ridiculous refugee fiasco and * certain politicians * putting their thumbs in their ears and pretending they know best is n't helping . 
  there 's nothing here that supports a ban . 
  but link does n't talk . 
  nigel farage in `` giant ignorant hypocrite '' shocker . 
  i 'd pay folding money to have someone recommend me a good russian satirical on top of these turkish ones . 
  they * were * a pleasant surprise . 
  so it 's a pie chart ? 
   your breaking the anti-israel circlejerk . 
  fuck 's sake , everybody complains about a circlejerk for * everything . 
   why did the article author explained the news event at the bottom of the article ? 
  you * are * familiar with the torygraph ? 
  can someone break this immense body of information down in a way the average moron , aka myself , could understand ? 
  such a gorgeous city , too . 
  geez . 
  i 'd rather be the ronald weasely of rumpty-pumpty . 
  i 'm sure you mean * article * instead of post , in which case it 's `` brexiteers are pining for empire . '', 
  so , to repeate :  to say that one commenter is telling you what to think is a bit extreme . 
  you cast aspersions , you do n't make them . 
   you trying to paint me as a racist for acknowledging this is merely you trying to stiffle free speech and debate because you do n't agree with me . 
  oh for goodness sake . 
   you did read the article this whole threads about right ? 
  i mean the title is right up there ... 
  the one calling out the brexit establishment for being couched in imperialism , resentment and fear of the other ? 
  yes . 
  to say that one commenter is telling you what to think is a bit extreme . 
   i want the uk to remain in the eu well that 's my mistake , sorry about that . 
   it 's not racist to acknowledge britain invading and colonising other countries may have resulted in people from those countries being resentful of the uk . 
  couching someone as anti-uk because of his nationality is absolutely racist . 
  a kindly hint ; if the only way you can rationalize your position is by concocting an orwellian dream where someone is telling you what your opinion is for you , your position is probably not based in reality . 
  nobody is forcing you to think one or another , people are calling out the brexit campaign as logically and morally unsound , asking us to give up much for no gain for the pride of the ignorant as they feed fear of immigrants and others into the masses . 
  i 'll be voting remain . 
  i 'd advise you to do the same . 
   a brexit poster being intellectually dishonest ? 
  hold the presses . 
  just a head 's up , this 'll be all you 're getting until you abandon your policy of dishonesty . 
  a kind point ; whenever someone on the internet uses the word `` desist , '' it 's universally understood they 're using it dishonestly . 
   a brexit poster being intellectually dishonest ? 
  hold the presses . 
  advocating many of it 's positions is what it * looks * like i said there but then you may be posting from down the pub and your vision might be slightly obscured by now . 
  i shall take the advice of a man who advocates leaving a massively beneficial organization because he 's been swayed by tabloid rabble-rousing about the poors and browns under the consideration it merits . 
  perhaps if i drop the buzzword `` sovereignty '' enough i can convince you to give me the keys to your house as well as the future of the country . 
  of course , that 's if he 's ludicrous enough to attempt to keep playing the victim when his campaign is based on ignorance of international law and bigotry . 
  a brexit poster being intellectually dishonest ? 
  hold the presses . 
  this thread is full of the same brexit regulars make the same attacks as ever . 
  ah , where would a brexit poster be without bringing anti-imperialist thinly-veiled racism into it ? 
  what about this opinion piece do you find under referenced ? 
  how about you do n't engage in reductionism when the actions of your political chums get 's called out for what it is ? 
  attempted dismissal of an analogy they find all too close to their sentiments . 
   you can invent reasons , you can insult us and question our motives . 
  but in the end it 's all to distract yourself from a truth you ca n't bear . 
   we just do n't like you . 
   no , what are you going to do about it ? 
  civilized people do n't behave like you do , do n't make any silly pretentions of speaking for anyone else . 
  presumably , being a man of integrity , you will at last remove yourself from our island once the obvious has been stated and we remain in europe . 
  you 'll be free to go wherever you want then , that should be a comforting thought . 
  this thread is almost entirely brexiters trying desperately to deny how accurate this article is so here 's a few quotes :  there are no good reasons for britain to leave the european union . 
  `` brexit '' makes zero sense geopolitically or economically , as exasperated foreigners , including u.s. president barack obama , have repeatedly pointed out . 
  but then , as with many political phenomena today , any explanation of the inexplicable brexit campaign has to be sought deep in social , cultural and emotional history . 
   the impulse driving the brexiteers is the same one former u.s. secretary of state dean acheson highlighted in 1962 , when he declared , `` great britain has lost an empire and has not yet found a role . '', 
  the writer edmund wilson expressed it , too , when he said that the british elite was `` completely unreconciled to the post-war diminishment of britain . '', 
  cue several of the old regulars coming in to state how we 'll still maintain our position despite giving up massively for no gain . 
   this long experience of successful imperialism seeded many attitudes recognizable in today 's brexit campaign . 
  it bred a distrust of continental europeans . 
  even the acute chronicler of london 's laboring poor henry mayhew wrote fearfully in 1862 of the `` aliens '' in london 's east end , `` whom we had long welcomed and pampered in our midst '' and who `` swarmed westward in lawless , hungry multitudes . '', 
  winston churchill 's father opposed a proposed channel tunnel with france in the late 19th century by saying that `` the reputation of england has hitherto depended upon her being , as it were , virgo intacta . '', 
  the opinion of the haughty minority as we being separate and special , and pursuing that viewpoint to the detriment of the rest of us , has n't changed in these people for decades and decades . 
   in recent years , this passive-aggressiveness about the british empire -- a venture with often benign motives and agents but blighted by violence , racism and exploitation -- has gone mainstream among a section of british right-wingers . 
  last week boris johnson even accused obama of inheriting his kenyan ancestors ' anti-imperialist animus against britain . 
  this was an extraordinarily intemperate attack by the outgoing mayor of london -- the world 's most cosmopolitan city and a shining example of how britain has done much better than any continental european country in accommodating its foreign-born population . 
  brexiters are very , very careful never to say the word `` empire '' while blatantly advocating many of it 's positions . 
  thankfully , the rouse is incredibly obvious . 
  then by all means feel free to leave our country at any point , because we wo n't be making the self-harming choices you want us to make anytime soon . 
   georgia attacked a territory where russian peacekeepers were present . 
  [ according to a report which the organisation which made it later disavowed as historical whitewashing . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-georgian_war#international_monitors ) the rest of your post is standard russian state media nonsense . 
  please think for yourself instead of devouring whatever the state says .
