   look , if you do n't want to know why the uk is a much superior system of governance than a sort of mafia without any checks and balances , then you wo n't understand why we do n't want to lower ourselves to that . 
   for you it 's probably a step up from being a satellite state of the soviet union . 
  i can understand that . 
   you may not understand this because your country has always been a backwater , but in the uk we give a lot of importance to representation , to the social contract and to democracy . 
  it 's a lost cause in the eu . 
   for reference and to understand the historical background of the peoples of britain i recommend you most importantly hobbes and locke . 
  jesus fucking christ , reported . 
  because this  you are fine with brussels passing more than half of the law in my country in a sweeping take-it-or-leave-it deal . 
  i 'm just not . 
  this is not the way i believe the uk should be run . 
  you are happy with us having a 12 % or so of the voting power and having swayed 0 % of the votes we were against to in recent years . 
  because `` usually they are ok . '' or `` maybe they help someone else . '', 
   the whole idea is preposterous . 
  as a union of nations the limits should be clearly drawn beforehand instead of allowing competence creep without any limits . 
   this is just a description of the general way the eu works , and i do n't agree to that at all . 
  for me it was perfectly fine when it just took care of trade conflict and resolution . 
  long , long ago . 
  that was very good and very few people would be against that . 
  also , when free movement of labour happened within countries that had more or less balanced economies . 
  but these point , to me personally , are secondary in comparison with the lack of democracy and representativity . 
  is the argument of a child who does n't understand not only what the eu is , but what the uk is , or what their county council is , or what their city council is , or what their marriage is . 
  it 's just not a view that 's based in reality . 
  you 've only stated an incorrect understanding of how the eu works and reiterated that you do n't care how damaged the economy will be . 
  in what manner has this managed to compel you of anything ? 
   but we do n't know what would be able to attain . 
  exactly . 
  we know we 're certain to lose and the gain may be something or nothing . 
   have a read : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/falsifiability and then you can probably talk about `` proof '' with a minimum of precision . 
  ... are you out in * space ? 
  * you 're refusing or simply unable to make your own argument and you 're accusing me , a neutral third party , of being unable to understand the concept of burden of proof ? 
  are you joking ? 
   no , i 've told you that the economic argument is secondary to me the economic argument is the only universally verifiable one . 
   thus , the agreements are secondary to me as well . 
  so you do n't care about human rights legislation either . 
  or environmental legislation . 
  or cross-border cooperation . 
  or scientific , industrial , economic and legal advancement . 
   there are people making an economic argument no , they 're not . 
  that 's a major problem with the brexit campaign . 
   the loss of any semblance of democratic representation . 
  which has n't happened and has never been on the cards in any discussion at any time in the history of the organization . 
   you are just focusing in stuff i repeatedly told you it does n't matter to me as much . 
  you 're repeatedly unable to state why it is you are voting out . 
  i do n't see how you fail to see that this is n't compelling , or even understandable . 
   i 'm aware i can not prove that the economy will be better or worse as a result of brexit . 
  whoever says he can , is either stupid or deluded . 
  and that 's brexit 's chief problem . 
  i have problems with your view because it does n't seem to be based on anything in reality and other people might possibly have to suffer because of that . 
  your entire understanding of what the eu is , why we 're in it and how we benefit from it seems massively flawed . 
  i would n't mind if you would at least admit this , but you insist you possess knowledge that you clearly do n't . 
  you just a moment ago turned into a south park character saying `` i want my country back . '', 
  it 's not a convincing argument . 
  at least the remain voters can point me to existing trade deals and legislation that we 're a party to because of the eu . 
  i 've asked you to point me to anything that substantiates we 'd be better off outside of the organization and you 've repeatedly failed to do that . 
  get used to this idea : it 's not your country , county , town , neighbourhood or street , and it never was . 
  you share it with everybody . 
  then you 're a poor scientist . 
  we can say unequivocally that under brexit we would be unceremoniously removed to a vast number of beneficial treaties to us . 
  * that * we know for sure . 
  any benefit at all is entirely theoretical . 
  furthermore , you 've openly admitted to already having your mind made up before the discussion began and do n't care about the facts unless they support your outcome already , which is the absolute antithesis of the scientific method . 
   it just sounds like you 've made a decision ahead of time and you are interpreting facts around you to support that decision , rather than the reverse . 
   i 'm very convinced that i do n't want to be part of the eu and the direction it has taken , yes . 
  you 're convinced of this why ? 
  it 's clear you 're not aware of why you are voting out and that 's a criticism repeated again and again against out voters . 
  everybody seems to think the guy next to them is making the actual , real argument and that they 're just in it for personal reasons . 
  which a ) we agreed to b ) we had a say in c ) is almost uniformly beneficial to us and d ) where it is n't , it helps another area of europe in need, 
   concrete facts are guesses in such a scenario . 
  nobody can prove things would go better or worse ceteris paribus because of brexit , 10 years from now . 
  concrete facts are concrete facts . 
  we can prove things will go worse because we wo n't be a party to beneficial agreements anymore . 
  it 's looking increasingly like you simply do n't want to believe that . 
   the problem with the remainers is that they are basing their campaign on fear exclusively . 
  they at least have facts on their side compared to toting a bunch of easy answers like this :  brexiters want something . 
  we want our sovereignty back . 
  it just sounds like you 've made a decision ahead of time and you are interpreting facts around you to support that decision , rather than the reverse . 
  they already do . 
  so here 's the unedited article i referenceds in case anybody is getting confused by what / u/muyuu is talking about :  from april 2013 to april 2014 , a total of 560,000 immigrants were estimated to have arrived in the uk , including 81,000 british citizens and 214,000 from other parts of the eu . 
  an estimated 317,000 people left , including 131,000 british citizens and 83,000 other eu citizens . 
  the top countries represented in terms of arrivals were : china , india , poland , the united states , and australia . 
  [ 4 ]  in 2014 , approximately 125,800 foreign citizens were naturalised as british citizens . 
  this figure fell from around 208,000 in 2013 , which was the highest since 1962 , when records began . 
  between 2009 and 2013 , the average number of people granted british citizenship per year was 195,800 . 
  the main countries of previous nationality of those naturalised in 2014 were india , pakistan , the philippines , nigeria , bangladesh , nepal , china , south africa , poland and somalia . 
  [ 5 ] the british government can also grant settlement to foreign nationals , which confers on them permanent residence in the uk , without granting them british citizenship . 
  grants of settlement are made on the basis of various factors , including employment , family formation and reunification , and asylum ( including to deal with backlogs of asylum cases ) . 
  [ 6 ] the total number of grants of settlement was approximately 154,700 in 2013 , compared to 241,200 in 2010 and 129,800 in 2012 . 
  [ 5 ] i 'm not sure how these numbers are `` all over the place '' or why you have an issue about talking about `` non-uk born '' in a conversation about immigration . 
  was n't it a big deal earlier on this year ? 
  i could 've sworn it was . 
   standard conservative argument for all political change . 
  it 's basic debate etiquette actual . 
  it 's also how most legal proceedings work - the onus is on you to make your case . 
  that 's the problem . 
  the entire out-vote campaign is based on a misplaced sense of pride instead of concrete facts or reason . 
  that 's why they have such difficulty in persuading others to come around to their point of view . 
  the problem with the in-vote campaign is that the out-vote campaign is much more mobilized . 
  is kadyrov 's `` retirement '' still on the cards or has that fa\u00e7ade been done away with by now ? 
  my god , it 's a good job putin got personally involved in his rival 's murder investigation , otherwise we might never have found out about these incredibly links to convenient scapegoats . 
  you are lumping together the commonwealth era .
