  these are exactly the people who in america could be convinced to do * anything * by parroting an easy , meaningless buzzword like `` 9/11 '' or `` mah freedoms . '', 
  edit : from +12 to -4 in 30 minutes . 
  hi , brexit brigade-voters !, 
  um , no thank you . 
   it 's behind a paywall , but financial times ' martin wolf destroyed most pro-brexit arguments today in a column called `` ten reasons why brexit makes no sense '' . 
  any chance you could copy-pasta it for us ? 
  it 's in several defensive organizations with the [ us ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anzus ) and [ uk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/five_power_defence_arrangements ) though . 
  and new zealand , malaysia and singapore , which obviously educates one on who those nations are concerned about . 
  i hear they love chinese food . 
   that crown has a jesus christ cross nail in it [ according to most historians this is just a myth , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iron_crown_of_lombardy#description ) romantic as it sounds . 
  still a lovely work of art , though . 
  and that 's why having the three branches checking each other is so very crucial . 
  good god , every news story about the new polish government seems to be them doing something cartoonishly regressive . 
  they 're approaching bush levels here . 
   this . 
  let 's trust the people . 
  empty words cloaking political aims . 
  conservative governments , i tell ya what . 
  it 's an incredible work of historical art , to be sure . 
  god the ending to this one makes me tear up , even though its technically a happy ending :(, 
  welp , * someone 's * shadowbanned . 
  i 'm struggling to contain my enjoyment of a campaign propelled by right wing ultranationalists built upon poor understanding of eu law trying to distance itself from a right wing ultratnationalist with a poor understanding of eu law who wants to come help them out . 
  some dapper looking gents in this photo . 
  til itt : chopin is polish, 
  close-harmony singing ? 
  well that 's slightly worse than our `` 99 year lease '' on hong kong so thanks for that !, 
  i 'm extremely jealous of the continents comic scene with all their bandes dessinnes and what have yous . 
  for decades we 've had to content ourselves with shit like * the dandy * and * the beano . 
  all hail pirate king er d. ogan . 
  which one ? 
  poles broke the enigma code ? 
  not the * austrian * definition of german . 
  neither you nor i believe that . 
  when you say present `` both sides of the arguement '' and then you title it `` a free britain '' and follow up with stuff like `` the anti-brexit crowd says the uk can not negotiate trade deals on it 's own '' you 're kind of tying an anchor around your credibility right there . 
  that 's not what we say . 
  what we say ( or rather what * i * say ) is our position will be unnecessarily and uniformly weakened for little to no gain . 
  er , i 'm what most irish people would consider the `` other '' as far as this island is concerned , and i say it just sounds like this article was trying to sell papers . 
  ireland has a struggle for identity ? 
  i 'd probably take your aloofness more seriously if you were n't downvoting all my comments . 
  can you accept that your political view is , on this issue , completely based on nonsense and emotion and damaging to the rest of us in he short , medium and long term with no gain to be had ? 
  then l keep calling people out on it . 
  i should start a list of posters pushing a brexit agenda who then try and double back and plead neutrality . 
  there is literally no talking to you people , is there ? 
  of bloody course it will . 
  here we have the leader of one of the biggest economies in the world point blank telling brexiters `` you will get left out , we will leave you out '' and yet well still have trucidator telling us that he 's wrong . 
  well done you for posting about how you counted a thing . 
  and to reiterate , this is not further loss of russian civil liberties , and this privilege will not be abused . 
  my god , will the political gamesmanship never end ? 
  so the odds of the top comment in this thread being some tinfoil-hat conspiracy nonsense is like what , 1 to 1 ? 
  edit : yep . 
   so then why is n't the rest of the eu campaigning for britain to leave if we 're so easily replaced and awkward to work with ? 
  sorry , why are you pretending as if you 're speaking for us ? 
  as a remain voter , this is great news . 
  is n't the elephant in the room that the system ( and in many cases , the same oligarchs ) that led to the disaster of the 90s still in place now ? 
  i 've heard caspian report ( i do n't know if anyone is aware of that youtube channel , but it 's honestly not bad ) make the argument that russia would have a much better quality of life if it restricted itself to the `` russian core '' west of the urals . 
  but then what of the millions of citizens elsewhere ? 
  and who would govern that land ? 
  i 'm not sure if the argument really has legs , but it was food for thought . 
  yep , i knew it 'd be this one . 
  aw yeah , that 's the stuff . 
  export more tayto crisps . 
  because a lack of continent-wide political-union means the threat of taking business elsewhere is more effective . 
  i mean if we 're begin legit about this here . 
  apolitical norn ironer here . 
  it 's legitimately that kind of language that pisses people off . 
  you should know better . 
  invading a peaceful ( and now forever former ) ally on two fronts ? 
  yeah , that 's putin 's russia allright . 
  that 's not terribly surprising . 
  except they repeatedly make the distinction , by repeatedly stating `` russian . '', 
  did you miss where they repeatedly , explicitly said russian or are you just trolling ? 
  you 've been reported for flaming . 
  can we invite whoever we want ? 
  can we get japan next ? 
   we get like 3-5 points from ireland and britain albion has always looked favourably upon poland , never moreso than in the sphere of esoteric , nonsensical song and dance . 
   there were a couple of shows in the west where people voted by turning lights on or by flushing the toilet . 
  that was a bit on the episode of * the simpsons * where apu was getting deported . 
  jesus it 's still in my head, 
  you should check out season 2 of * community . 
  it 's been 10 hours and you 're still posting in this thread , but for some reason you 've ducked answering questions . 
  here , let me repost the big one for you :  nevermind the fact that you complained about the british overseas territories to illustrate that you would n't complain about kaliningrad ( which is the silliest bullshit i 've ever heard of ) , i 'll put that aside and give you all the time in the world to explain how it 's hypocritical of me , personally , to `` talk about kaliningrad like that . '', 
    take all the time you need . 
  i 'm sure you 'll have a really good arguement for me . 
   neither would i complain about the british overseas territories , but it seems pretty fucking hypocritical for a brit to talk about kalingrad like that . 
  nevermind the fact that you complained about the british overseas territories to illustrate that you would n't complain about kaliningrad ( which is the silliest bullshit i 've ever heard of ) , i 'll put that aside and give you all the time in the world to explain how it 's hypocritical of me , personally , to `` talk about kaliningrad like that . '', 
  take all the time you need . 
  i 'm sure you 'll have a really good arguement for me . 
  who cares if they do or not ? 
  whose got a problem with the bot ? 
  are we making thinly-veiled military threats against antigua & barbuda or is / u/bosgeus just making a false equivalency ? 
  yep . 
  canada , america , australia , the mighty-mighty falklands . 
  i dunno , that entry from rugged island was pretty strong . 
  kaliningrad is a relic from another time . 
  there 's no doubt the nature of it 's existence is problematic for modern states . 
   the united states had protested to moscow , hernandez said . 
  `` the unsafe and unprofessional actions of a single pilot have the potential to unnecessarily escalate tensions between countries , '' he said . 
  i mean they 're not wrong , but they 're also admitting that it 's the actions of a single hotheaded pilot . 
  a maverick , if you will . 
   does ireland keep winning due to the british vote ?
