  because there is currently absolutely no reason to do anything but escalate them , after all , what 's done is done . 
  russia did n't invade kosovo , to anyone 's knowledge . 
  what ? 
  there are several prominent posters from ukraine . 
  people in every brexit thread constantly seem to have it in for the eastern europeans . 
  it 's pretty obnoxious . 
  when your standard of living and education are low , you find solace in religion . 
  that 's where this is coming from and who it is targeting . 
  good , the obvious rational choice . 
  africa 's booming population is offset by it 's unsustainability - in particular nigeria is heading towards becoming a humanitarian catastrophe - and its inability to shake-off endemic corruption . 
  south africa a decade after mandela has become just another corrupt african state pushing its problems into race issues . 
  africa is poor as fuck and nobody from europe or north america ever go there , that 's the issue . 
  if we 're including `` the western hemisphere '' then spanish is massively more useful than french , and it is n't even remotely close . 
  i 'm also really baffled by your `` tier '' system in general . 
  italian is as useful as russian , more useful than spanish and less useful than french or german ? 
  this sounds completely arbitrary . 
  because the nature of it is more compelling to us . 
  an european country invading another , peaceful european country and then lying about it for 2 + years is much more unique than yet another problem in the middle east . 
  no offence to our middle eastern bros. 
  there 's a difference between democracy and direct democracy . 
  you do n't put secessionist movements to public votes , ever . 
  people never say `` i want less power and voting ability . '', 
  dave fucked up on truly historical levels . 
  he will be remembered as a complete clown for this . 
  i bet he 's relieved the top line of his tombstone will no longer read `` pig-fucker . '', 
  well , that 's the country ruined for absolutely no reason then . 
  thank god i 've got an irish passport . 
  absolutely gutted . 
  this is a fuck-up of historic proportions . 
  fuck it , fuck it , fuck it . 
  the idiots rule the roost . 
  this is why you never allow secessionist polls to take place ; nobody says no to more power or the perception of more power . 
  welcome to the constant shame that we live with . 
   i got banned from / r/russia for saying the occupation of crimea was illegal , and that russian troops are in ukraine . 
  seems like stating the obvious is a dangerous thing to do in both / r/russia and actual russia . 
  yup . 
  / u/wearebrics will ban anyone who lets it slip to the masses that russia invaded ukraine . 
  when you 're dealing with people as delusional as him in power , the subreddit turns into a predictably feculent sack of shit . 
   now the true question : are they trotskists or stalinists ? 
  legitimate question : what 's the difference ? 
  i hear you . 
  that is an amazing picture . 
  the low countries and northern italy are so incredibly built-up . 
  good to hear that there 's no injuries reported . 
  any word on the identity of the shooter ? 
  from where i 've lived and worked they 're generally more concerned with local goings-on that large political agenda like the sun and the mail are , which is better . 
  but the downside is they 're just local papers and not as flashy or as widely dispersed as the national tabloid filth . 
   jesus , i knew that the british daily newspapers were , but i did n't know they were that awful . 
   they are the worst aspect of living here , hand 's down . 
  they 're fucking print media in 2016 and they have simply stupid amounts of influence on idiots . 
  i ca n't wait to get out there and see brexit fail . 
  the amount of flavour-of-the-month instant-zealots in / r/ukpolitics is nothing short of cringeworthy . 
  good luck everybody . 
  haha , that 's nice . 
  what the fuck are you arguing ? 
  their sample size ? 
  their methods ? 
  everything here is entirely standard for poll running . 
  i 've a damn sight more say in the future of my nation than any russian has in theirs !, 
  stay in line ivan and do n't commit any thought crimes , and then defend the stripping of your citizen 's rights !, 
  google trump incites violence among supporters . 
  i 'm not sure you 've thought out your argument beyond ... well i 'm not sure you 've thought it out . 
  wow , i had no idea he was secretly so progressive . 
  no i 'd rather we escalate our sanctions against russia , thanks very much . 
  their recent history of turning grozny into the most destroyed city on earth - again , not my words , but the words of the united nations , just so we 're clear of any accusations of shillery - and then invading georgia after fomenting a frozen conflict on it 's borders , and then invading ukraine to distract the shee - sorry , to distract * you * - at home from their inability to run the country , and then invading ukraine * again * for the same reason , well , it does n't give any reason to do anything but elongate and escalate , does it ? 
  i do n't recall any mention of the us 's attitude towards pr statehood at all , and that was n't even the focus of the piece , which was on the economic disaster pr finds itself in and how that was caused at least in part by congress . 
  there 's a far line from perfect and turning a city into - and again , i 'm quoting the united nations here - *** `` the most destroyed city on earth . 
   the violence at trump rallies is mostly caused by anti-trump protesters . 
  that 's one of those `` lies '' i 've be hearing so much , then . 
  i 've seen the puerto rico episode , what about did you have a problem with ? 
  they do a lot of things . 
  as unlikely as ukrainian ascension to the eu in the mid-term future is , the odds of it repairing it 's butchered relationship with the russians seems even more remote . 
  what with the ongoing war and all . 
  generally though even the most power-in-the-blood unionist will bend the knee to brussels given the relatively large amount of funds we get . 
  which , of course , westminster then ~ ~ decides we do n't need ~ ~ disperses . 
  your problem is with oliver 's team of writers who i 'm sure actually know quite a bit more than you 're giving them credit for . 
  that 's actually really nice , and the kind of ad i wish we 'd seen more of from remain . 
   i 'm not going to waste my time with a comedian talking about the issues . 
   ( links to a 35 year old british comic show ), 
   if you can point to one example of farage or gove advocating for violence , and in the us , trump has never called for violence either . 
   chances are i 'm far wealthier than you are . 
   you can tell when a dude is middle-class really easy sometimes . 
  actually i and the rest of the world watched while your country turned their city into - to quote the united nations - `` the most destroyed city on earth . '', 
  right but it did turn it into , and again i 'm quoting the un here , *** `` the most destroyed city on earth '' *** within the past 15 years , correct ? 
  like , * recently , * right ? 
  i feel like that 's the * key * part here . 
  i feel that `` helped to rebuild a city '' is further down the list after `` turned it into the most destroyed city on earth . '', 
  i feel like if you 're going to say it 's okay for iraqis to be mad at the us , you 're also going to have to say that chechnyans probably do n't feel the way about moscow that you say they do . 
  except one side literally fostered an atmosphere of emotional nationalism while painting the eu as an enemy out to get us , did n't they ? 
  who was that ? 
  was that the bank of england and the british school of economics ? 
  or was it farage , gove and their ultranationalist supporters ? 
  so did the ukrainian one . 
  did n't moscow turn grozny into what the un called `` the most destroyed city on earth '' ? 
  fuck me am i glad you 're trapped down there in the colonies then . 
  is that your argument ? 
  how soon can we expect referendums for chechnya and dagestan ? 
   but make no mistake : in an almost comical reflection of the sacred lefty belief that any worthwhile political movement will necessarily be built around the workers , the foundation of the brexit coalition is what used to be called the proletariat , large swaths of which are as united as in any lefty fantasy , even if some of their loudest complaints are triggering no end of anxiety among bien-pensant types , and causing labour a great deal of apprehension . 
  let 's not forget about two obvious causes of this effect in britain : * the 2008 recession which precipitated a wave of conservative , nationalist governments around the world coming into power and the economic platforms they brought with them and * the absolute , total and complete dominance of right-wing political punditry media in england ( not the uk , england ) in particular the sun . 
  one of these things made a lot of people scared and angry ( which populists and conservatives then took advantage of ) and the other took further advantage of the first things in order to * keep * people mad .
