   how many countries are exempt from joining nato and the eu due to putin ? 
  literally - and i do mean , * literally * - zero . 
   syrian civil war intervention - which lead to the saving of an ally and most major ceasefire since the conflict began the war is still ongoing and putin has officially stated that he failed to save assad 's leadership as it is now too toxic . 
  this is aside from the fact that it has nothing to do with power projection in europe . 
   new start treaty , a strategic-arms reduction treaty is a show of influence to you ? 
   eurasian economic union ( + increased cooperation in the region ) with unimportant , corrupt and penniless nations who were previously under the soviet yoke and long for a return to that time , several of whom have left the organisation . 
  what does this have to do with power projection in europe ? 
   csto with unimportant , corrupt and penniless nations who were previously under the soviet yoke and long for a return to that time , several of whom have left the organisation . 
  what does this have to do with power projection in europe ? 
  the issue is when that neutrality is not recognized by the aggressor , as the putin administration has illustrated in the past . 
  neither georgia nor ukraine were at any point belligerent or even hostile towards russia , yet both now have russian jackboots occupying their territory . 
  putin is the chris brown of world leaders . 
  that 's the truth . 
  / u/vigorous would be in here about how * politician x * was a cia plant and * politician y * worked for the nsa and how it 's all another example of washington regime-change . 
  or he would be , if he was n't banned . 
  can someone explain the chicken to me ? 
  you can tell when someone is american by the weakness of their trolling . 
   the ukraine is not entering the eu while putin is in power , the lack of backbones evident in european leaders will ensure that . 
  i know this is fun spin to put out there without having to back yourself up , but literally all information flies to the contrary . 
  nevermind the fact that you grossly overestimate the russian president 's abilities to effect anything outside his own borders . 
  the larger issue is ukraine has likely decades to go fighting corruption and getting it 's infrastructure and organs of state up to eu levels via it 's action plan before it can be seriously considered for membership . 
  it 's not a fast process . 
  that 's a funny way to spell leeds . 
  the balkans always trips everybody up . 
  see , that 's pretty cool . 
  do you think you can win every argument by being intentionally obtuse ? 
  that 's hyperbolic , but we should be making more concerted efforts to solidfy our border regions , and this includes investment in and execution of those militaries . 
  and a debilitating psychological effect as well , while others mindlessly whoop and cheers at the exploits of their soldiers . 
   there are 2 european countries that matter from a military perspective . 
  there is 1 european country that matters from an economic perspective . 
  by those terms europe has never done anything , from the enlightment to the industrial revolution on down . 
  oh come on now do n't be obtuse , it was a significant military engagement . 
  this is one of several reasons i 'm an advocate for a proper edf . 
  centralized command and organization leads to long-term preparedness and helps solve * everybody 's * problems . 
  this is a joke , right ? 
  you 're joking right now . 
  it is * precisely * a buzzword , peddled as an easy answer to the masses who eat it up while having as little explanation offered as possible . 
  it has been stripped of all meaning and is used and repeated as a mindless shout in the faces of opponents . 
  if you were american you 'd be talking about 9/11 and using it for the same ends , in the same way , to the same people . 
  i appreciate that you just want to get the last word so i 'll let you have it after this . 
  you do n't understand the challenges , expectations and burdens faced by you , the minority and challenger , when trying to change the status quo . 
  you also fail to realize that we , the majority who support the status quo , do not have these obligations and burdens , because we do not have to change our minds to get what we want . 
  you have to try to sway our opinion to get what you want , because minority will is trumped by majority will , and majority dictates the status quo . 
  feel grateful that at least some members in your camp understand the burden that you are under and are trying to mount a campaign , even though it 's one based on bad logic , buzzwords and rhetoric . 
  now off you go and have your last word . 
  i 'm sure it will provides some startling insights . 
  it does n't matter . 
  this is n't a situation where both sides are equal . 
  there is no special status accorded to me . 
  i am simply an advocate of the status quo . 
  the onus is on the challenger to change the status quo . 
  your lack of education is your own problem . 
  i assume you forgot to log off your alt account before posting . 
  and yet more tabloid spin . 
   i am not sure i would agree the onus is on me to make the argument one way or the other it does n't matter whether you believe that or not . 
  the onus is on the party advocating change to facilitate that change through argument . 
  your failure to do that only indicates a weakness of your argument and the natural superiority of the status quo . 
   the eu has been ... do n't you feel embarrassed that you 're literally adopting schoolyard tactics in repeating my statements ? 
  your lack of understanding of debate and legal etiquette is your own cross to bear . 
  and now you 're being obtuse . 
  you , / u/herpyderpyhur , are part of a minority that wishes to change the status quo . 
  putting aside the inconvenient fact that this status quo is overwhelmingly beneficial for everyone in the uk on grounds of human rights , judicial accountability , healthcare reform , travel , trade and investment , the onus is on you as the person who wants to change that status-quo to make a convincing argument . 
  adopting fox-news tactics by turning this :  none . 
  i do n't see a reason to change a beneficial status quo because a few lads down the pub have been bamboozled by the tabloids repeating the words `` sovereignty '' and `` immigrants '' over and over again . 
  into this :  so you benefit from the status quo and feel that anyone who does n't should just shut up and accept it ? 
  i honestly was expecting principles but then again i guess if you support the eu you are unlikely to have any . 
  is n't likely to convince anyone other than your mates . 
  a refusal of secularism for theocracy amounts to a refusal of rationality for the familiarity of superstition . 
  you 're engaging in frankly bizarre spin and personal attacks . 
  none . 
  i do n't see a reason to change a beneficial status quo because a few lads down the pub have been bamboozled by the tabloids repeating the words `` sovereignty '' and `` immigrants '' over and over again . 
   a month 's pay for national sovereignity ? 
  sounds like a decent deal to me . 
   but he is factually correct . 
   integrating into the eu constitutes giving legislative power to a central organ . 
  not every vote counts the same within the eu . 
  the would qualify for an answer i think . 
  what argument are you even having ? 
  this is * exactly * the same logic as saying it 's okay to bomb the me because of 9/11 , or it 's okay to tap phone lines to `` defend democracy . '', 
  it 's buzzwords based upon flimsy logic . 
  and another personal attack . 
  to address what should 've been your main point , he mentioned opinions , again , sprinkled with weasel words , again . 
  wrong , and i imagine intentionally so on your behalf . 
  / u/john _ wilkes offers no facts and offers no new information to the discussion . 
  what he * does * offer again and again are * his opinions * on * the facts of others , * which he sprinkles with weasel-words like `` dodgy . '', 
  why does he do this ? 
  i do n't know . 
  but for you to hold that post up - repeatedly , to your embarrassment - as an example of a `` sound arguemnent '' is * ridiculous . 
  considering that he is peddling buzzwords to effect his political agenda i 'd be interested in seeing how you back up your assertion that he is `` factually correct , '' considering he has n't stated any `` facts . '', 
  not a lot of 600 year old byzantines clamouring for it 's return , to be fair . 
  cool . 
  this proto - second space-race we 're entering into is a very awesome time . 
  it 's cos of attaturk . 
   i 'm sorry but an economic study is not `` the truth '' . 
  economic studies are n't indicative of economics . 
  the president of the united states ca n't speak for the united states . 
  the international monetary fund is n't as trustworthy as my local tabloid newspaper . 
  the bizarre world of the brexiter . 
   national sovereignity ? 
  i love these posts .
