  i mean i 'd bother dealing with this idiocy if i did n't already know your arteries were busy being choked with double downs and that explains the lack of blood reaching your brain . 
  the idea that you think we 'd give our nuclear deterrent to the country that invented mountain dew red alert is adorable . 
  the president fled after he murdered his own people and his own government was impeaching him . 
  sorry buddy , no big bad western conspiracy excusing moscow-backed tyranny here . 
   its far more important to stop ukrainians killing ukrainians . 
  it 's your mates who started the war and it 's your mates keeping them going . 
  tell your mates to pull back to russia and watch , open-mouthed , as the war suddenly begins to end . 
  so let me get this straight , your argument is that the incredibly corrupt russian police service ( and at this point i 'll accept your dissenting arguments that russian police are actually the most hardworking and law-abiding public servants on the planet ) do ** not ** have the right to enter homes , except that they do ? 
  is that right ? 
  that 's your argument right ? 
  you said it right here :  nobody gives national guard the right `` to burst into ones home '' etc. 
  no true russian fallacy huh ? 
  i invite you to test your theory . 
  we did n't , actually , we agreed to respect their territorial integrity . 
  and it was n't nato , it was us , the yanks and the ruskies . 
  three of us agreed to the treaty , two of us followed it . 
  this is n't to say i 'm at all happy with our milquetoast response to the crisis . 
   do you nuke russia proper , knowing that they 'll respond in kind ? 
  you are compelled to . 
  if you do n't , mad is meaningless . 
  moscow has thus instigated the end of the civilized world . 
   so you will enter their territory and they will use nuclear weapons allegedly . 
  if they used nuclear arms against us , then a trident payload is unloaded in return . 
  and despite all their amusing bluster , moscow is * incredibly * aware of that . 
   you are not taking into the account the ability to accept losses . 
  because life has been hard in russia it 's the point where you start talking about `` intangibles '' that your argument becomes that of an armchair general . 
  let 's talk about a more pertinent topic , the ability to sustain a war : europe has this , russia does not . 
  let 's talk about equipment : europe 's is new , russia 's is not . 
  let 's talk about how vastly more important planes are than tanks . 
  let 's talk about level of training . 
  let 's talk about corruption . 
  let 's talk about the very ability to mobilize an army and execute it 's movements on a large scale . 
  britain , france , germany , italy , spain , the low countries all vastly outstrip russia in most of these areas . 
  a muscovite war is aggression masking suicide . 
  and that 's before we take into account poland , austria , the czechs , the baltics who are all massively motivated against russian aggression in a manner that modern russians literally do n't seem able to understand . 
  and then come the buddies in scandinavia and south-east europe . 
  and then the lack of trade rips the belly from russia . 
  and then the utter lack of allies for russia . 
  this is n't something you want to press . 
   not without americans , and i doubt the americans or anyone else would keep up the war with those kind of casualties for long if russia invaded the eu/nato ? 
  are you sure you want to make that bet ? 
  we 're obligated to defend the baltics and the czech republic under at least 2 major defense treaties . 
  so while nukes are not on the cards , us . 
  not unless they can be driven while on fire . 
   the guards will be also provided with a right to enter homes in order to detain suspects and to check documents and vehicles . 
  third paragraph of the article . 
   what 's a bad idea ? 
  special police force that can use violence yeah that 's never led to any problems before  it 's not like they can do whatever they want . 
  yeah , when i hear russians talking about bribing cops as a simple fact of daily life words like these start to ring hollow . 
   `` an employee of the national guard troops has the right to use physical force , special instruments or firearms without warning '' in case of an imminent threat to the lives of the russian citizens , the bill reads . 
   the guards will be also provided with a right to enter homes in order to detain suspects and to check documents and vehicles . 
  well , i 'm sure that wo n't be abused at all . 
  that 's good enough for publication . 
  you can say coup all you want , and it still wo n't be a coup . 
  meanwhile , if you could tell your mates to stop killing ukrainians the rest of the civilized world would appreciate it . 
  we 're aware that this would make their bosses momentarily poorer . 
   so did he just write `` there is no god '' ? 
  or was there a `` heated online exchange '' , where he wrote , among other things , that the bible is a book of jewish fairy tales ? 
  this is still just imprisoning a dude because he does n't believe in your religion , which is ludicrous . 
   maybe he also wrote something else that washington times is n't mentioning ? 
  assuming bad faith in an argument is bad form . 
  maybe you 're secretly putin trying to defend your government 's actions . 
  see what a slippy slope that accusation is ? 
   well , i looked into it , and , as i already said once : which again is imprisoning a dude for mere blasphemy . 
   if that kind of speech is what you consider to be a civil rights issue , you certainly have a right to your opinion . 
  it 's exactly a civil rights issue . 
  it 's one man mocking a religion and nothing else . 
  who cares ? 
  i 'm an adult , i 'm fine with someone voicing his opinions even if i disagree with them . 
  if someone 's imprisoning a dude for that , holy fuck . 
   but it 's far from just saying that there is no god , do n't you think ? 
  it 's a dude repeatedly saying he does n't believe in and does n't care about religion . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  did anyone check th back of the sofa ? 
  particularly the one in the palace being built along the black sea coast for uh ... some guy . 
  a head 's up to the americans in this thread - year 7 is not 7 years old , it 's the last year of grammar school . 
  not an advisable course of action . 
  common law is not , of course , based on napoleonic law . 
  you are talking about french or civil law . 
  getting rid of the utterly ludicrous and repugnant sharia courts allowed in the country would be a welcome start . 
  well said that man . 
  did n't even need to check to know it was a telegraph article . 
  we both know why you 're using ppp , aka the lesser presentation version of gdp mate . 
  if that 's what moscow thinks then there really is no reason to do anything but keep escalating the sanctions . 
  good . 
  and disband the jedi while you are at it . 
  judicial power in the hand of a caste of religious warriors was an absurd idea from the start . 
  completely agree . 
  there are too many concerns in our future not to face them together anymore . 
  and sadly irrelevant , because you ca n't base of right to determine outside the law , doubly so when that mega isn is the unlawful invasion of a peaceful - former - brother . 
  it is true , yeah , and russia is much closer to ukraine than a proper european state . 
  you can just say `` the non-eu states of the former yugoslavia '' if that 's what you 're going to list mate . 
  who is saying everything russia touches turns to shit ? 
  when the government of a powerful country acts in a reprehensible manner over a series of years ( my personal crossing of the shit-line was the 2008 invasion of georgia , politely overlooking the regimes role in ensuring that conflict stays frozen in the first place ) then people are loudly and angrily going to call it out until it changes . 
  no one is saying the average russian is an uruk-hai . 
  for god 's sakes the americans complained less about this when they got hell from everybody for their shit in iraq and afghanistan . 
  it has a markedly lower gdp than any european state it did n't occupy over the last 50 years , and several that it did . 
  i love that one of he main russian apologist argue ente over the past 2 years has literally become `` putin is not hitler , russia is not mordor . '', 
  like there 's no other defence of the putin regime so to make him look better we have to compare him to hitler and putin 's russia to mordor . 
  and the sanctions will stay until it is undone .
