  this is wrong . 
  it 's correct . 
  you are lying . 
   no , i simply showed you that you were wrong . 
  now you 're lying again . 
  do not argue in bad faith . 
   the eu is n't the cause of your immigration problem . 
  the guys voting for this do n't care . 
  e :  it 's not the sole cause . 
  see ? 
   most ftse companies are formally neutral or have not commented on the impact of brexit one way or the other . 
  citation needed . 
   removed `` every single uk international law firm '' because of objections about it 's accuracy gosh i wonder what user could be that pedantic . 
  convincing argument there , brexit . 
   also i ca n't see what any of this has to do with ireland other than you guys are shitting yourselves it might harm your economy . 
  when confronted with facts that damage your narrative , play the race card . 
  thanks brexit . 
  also , and this is just a guess , but his ulster flair would indicate that he is in fact a british citizen . 
  presumably until ukip decides that they are the target of the next campaign . 
  that 's the long and short of it , but the campaign fear ( to quote / u/rocket _ mcgrain 's name for the leave campaign ) team is still downvoting everyone who is n't toeing party line regardless . 
  no it was blatant truth . 
  i 'm quoting / u/bewrn here :  out of the five parties that won seats in the last scottish parliament election , four support remain . 
  out of the seven parties that won seats in the last northern ireland assembly election , five support remain . 
  out of the four parties that won seats in the last welsh assembly election , three support remain . 
  out of the 11 parties that won seats in the last uk general election , eight support remain . 
   i have n't included the conservatives in any of that . 
   if you go by votes then votes for parties that officially support remain still exceed parties that officially support leave by far . 
  can we thence agree that your objection is a blatant attempt at deception and smearing of your opponent ? 
   campaign fear the out campaign ? 
  yeah they 're going crazy with this . 
  `` we 've got to leave ? '', 
  `` why ? '', 
  `` did n't you know ? 
  the sky is falling . 
  trust us . '', 
  [ mate , your boy boris got his asshole opening for even breathing a word of support for brexit . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/12167851/eu-referendum-david-cameron-faces-mps-after-boris-johnson-backs-brexit-live.html ) and he only did it because he 's silly old populist boris . 
  all major parties are firmly behind remaining . 
  there 's literally no reason not to be , that 's the most incredible thing about this silliness . 
  why are even having this silly referendum again ? 
  we stand to gain nothing from leaving the eu , lose substantially from leaving the eu , and for what reason ? 
  do i really need to godwin the thread here to illustrate how popular opinion based on sentiment rather than fact and reason is a massively stupid idea ? 
  the eu , not the euro , as should have been obvious . 
  the conservative party are not neutral on the eu . 
  fuck 's sake mate , that 's a telegraph article . 
  at least link something impartial . 
  the most offensive thing about this is how * needless * it is . 
   a so-called `` brexit '' would disrupt established trading relationships and cause `` major challenges '' for both the uk and the rest of europe , it said . 
   the imf said the referendum had already created uncertainty for investors and a vote to exit would only heighten this . 
   if the referendum were to decide in favour of leaving the eu the imf would expect negotiations on post-exit arrangements to be protracted , which it warned `` could weigh heavily on confidence and investment , all the while increasing financial market volatility '' . 
   it also believes a uk exit from the eu would `` disrupt and reduce mutual trade and financial flows '' and restrict benefits from economic co-operation and integration , such as those resulting from economies of scale . 
   meanwhile , prime minister david cameron tweeted : `` the imf is right - leaving the eu would pose major risks for the uk economy . 
  we are stronger , safer and better off in the european union . '', 
  bloody right . 
  why is this even happening again ? 
  both labour and conservative parties are behind staying in the eu . 
  and the ukip party is , as ever , the party of the vile . 
  the imf ? 
  too big ? 
  a local mp ? 
  too small !, 
  clearly only / u/rocket _ mcgrain should be allowed to have opinions on whether we leave the eu . 
  going back to campaign fear headquarters ? 
  it 's a bit late to double back when you 're attacking others  are you high or willfully ignorant ? 
  and trying to smear established institutions because they do n't agree with your brand of politics . 
  god there was a word we had for people like that . 
  what was it , what was it ... 
  sorry mate , all major parties are firmly behind the stay campaign . 
  you did n't know ? 
  no worries . 
  back you go to backing up your argument with [ insert facts here ], 
   are you high or willfully ignorant ? 
  a reply within sixty seconds !, 
  so like any other brexit campaigner you did n't read any of that and just downvoted me because i disagree with you !, 
  edit : aha !, 
  he gave me the upvote back !, 
  you have ** literally ** no idea what you are advocating , and it 's painfully apparent that your opinions are based on nonsense instead of logic or reason . 
   actually , what you hear is mostly direct factual evidence . 
  you absolutely * do not * hear this , and here 's why :  regaining sovereignty we 've already got it . 
   making our own laws we already do . 
   not paying into the eu more than we get out of it . 
  explain to me how this has effected you in anyway at all . 
  take all the time you need . 
  go for it . 
   also greater security , as we 've seen from the incidents in brussels and other countries a lot in the eu are not making the effort in internal security . 
  oh my god do n't embarrass yourself . 
   can you cite some examples of `` could '' coming from project freedom ? 
  so ignoring project fear 's ridiculous campaign of `` let 's leave because we do n't understand governance , legislation or brown people , '' they ( read : you ) would have us leave an organization that is massively beneficial to our economy and legal scene , which we 've got umpteen trade deals with , which has helped introduce and universalize human rights legislation , which offers a court of last appeal against excesses of the * state , * because you want to go down the pub and tell derek `` remember the good old days when we did n't have to put up with some numpty in brussells telling us what to do ? '', 
   all i hear from project fear sorry , you 're talking about the leave campaign right ? 
  the one 's starting this whole mess because of all the poles coming over stealing their houses and their complete misunderstanding of immigration control ? 
  those guys . 
  project fear . 
  that 's the leave campaign . 
  yeah i mean what would the international monetary fund know about macro-economics compared to the group whose political aims are diametrically opposed to their predictions ? 
   the case referred to in the article , digital rights ireland , was a case where the ecj found that the eu 's data retention directive was contrary to the eu charter of fundamental rights . 
  dripa , on the other hand , has no connection with eu law , so the charter of fundamental rights does not apply . 
  is there a sentence missing here just before `` on the other hand '' to illustrate why ? 
  that 's one stereotype with a * firm * basis in reality . 
  god forbid you listen to criticism . 
  if anyone 's interested in hearing / u/muyuu 's real reasons for doing this , here 's what he 's posting elsewhere in this thread :  ca n't help you understand if you are not willing to understand .
