  this is a sentence fragment . 
   talk about current migration . 
  those references are for the year 2014 . 
   having said that i was talking about population . 
  ... what ? 
  i 'm giving you clear numbers here . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  terrorizing us with their close-harmony singing . 
   the eu has included enough poor population for this to be a serious pressure for the uk no , that 's another lie repeated by the brexit campaign . 
  [ eu migration is a fraction of total british immigration . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/modern_immigration_to_the_united_kingdom )  the top countries represented in terms of arrivals were : china , india , poland , the united states , and australia . 
  why would we want to ? 
  are we going to ban the welsh next ? 
  kinda sounds like he just fucked up and now he 's trying to make himself into a martyr . 
  what a steaming pile this is . 
   the voices of the real economy are the grafters with good ideas -- not the anti-brexit multinationals who represent only 5 % of british businesses and how much of the economy ? 
   the business community is split on the question of britain leaving the eu about 50:50 , i would think . 
  what ? 
  where has this even been * hinted at ? 
  * according to most polls the majority of uk businesses are heavily invested in [ remaining in the eu . 
  ] ( https://www.eef.org.uk/about-eef/media-news-and-insights/media-releases/2016/feb/six-in-ten-eef-members-want-the-uk-to-remain-in-the-eu )  we have a massive trade deficit with the eu ( with whom we have a trade deal ) and a trade surplus with the rest of the world ( with whom , for the most part , we have no trade deal ) ** what ? 
  ** we have a plethora of trade deals all over the world . 
  how can a director general of the bloody chambers of commerce not know this ? 
   since none of germany 's akp fans actually attacked b\u00f6hmermann yet or his heavily multiplayer-based sequel , * super bohmermann . 
  so you 're arguing with a joke . 
  i 'm having trouble distinguishing the strawman from the mistake here but i 'll give it a go :  like lololol get it ? 
  because russians are all brain washed idiots there 's your strawman  and their media is just government sponsored propaganda . 
  totally different than germans there 's your mistake . 
  the russian media * is n't * just government sponsored , it 's government * dictated * propaganda . 
  here 's a nice example : the bbc , that world-renowned and probably most highly respected media institution in the world ( for whatever that 's worth ) is government sponsored in so much that the taxpayer pays for it and the government pays for the bbc with a portion of their tax revenue . 
  they do n't dictate what gets said on the news at 10 and they do n't invent stories for the purposes of furthering an all-pervasive political narrative . 
  this is what major russian media outlets absolutely do . 
  sputnik and rt have gone on record saying as much and anchorperson have quit live on-air over exactly this problem . 
  i 'm not sure why you tried to drag the poor old krauts into this but whatever problems you might have with der spiegel pale in comparison with complaints levied against what has essentially become the goebbels-esque media wing of the kremlin . 
  really ? 
  compared to dudes beheading justice and shooting her in the head , you think ole lizzy is as bad as all that ? 
  wow , we got off pretty easy . 
  unless you 've got any pets . 
  or a roast . 
  they 're generally very good , but they do sometimes have a tendency to underreport certain stories that can damage the sitting government . 
  generally these are for smaller stories though . 
  there 's no way anyone 's not going to hear about cameron 's links to the panama papers . 
  * helpful thumb 's - up *, 
   it 's not that we want to support this kind of idiocy . 
  it 's that the available options are at the very least not better . 
  i mean , look , i get it , but this is not an answer that 's going to generate a lot of sympathy . 
  good politicians - okay that 's too strong , let 's say non-corrupt , capable politicians - are going to have to come from the people . 
  and there 's like a hundred billion of you . 
  c'mon like , get your skates on already . 
  i do n't need a pro-western guy , but it 'd be nice to see russia ruled by a dude who * is n't * stealing billions from the state or giving airports to his judo partners or allowing the whole sochi mess to pan out . 
  and i mean yeah , it 'd be nice if he 'd stop calling us jerks . 
  the bbc 's mostly allright , except when we 're talking about our pm 's minor , understandable foibles such as his family 's secret fortune in illegal , untaxable offshore accounts or having sex with a pig carcass . 
  it 's weird that *** certain posters *** will raise that the west was conditioned to be distrustful of the ussr but never raise the reverse , despite that side of the pool being considerably deeper . 
  e : considerably dnieper . 
  is minor syetbeck . 
  `` gosh , i sure hope they do n't nail us under * this * law . '', 
  * elaborately drops constitution on floor with crime in question heavily circled *, 
  you guys seem to take attacks on your government more personally than anyone i 've ever met , and i include the 41st century imperium of man in that . 
  can we move off `` homo '' to `` robo-jew '' ? 
  i want to peddle the idea of a semitic cyborg theocracy . 
  edit : thecockracy . 
  worked them both in . 
  if the opposition is better than you in every way , try and say they 're corrupt . 
  if anyone believes you they 'll treat you both as equal from then on . 
   intyelligence i do n't know why but this was the bit that made me laugh . 
  i 'd love to be able to understand what other countries stereotypes of an englishman speaking their language are . 
  * you seem to have problems concentrating on your grammar . 
  perhaps we should send you to a concentration camp . 
  frankly i wish we 'd all do it to . 
  the uk is one of those nations that does meet our 2 % gdp requirements on military spending , but even then i wish we 'd make a stronger effort . 
  every time i hear about some new additions to the royal navy , for example , i 'm always reading about how it was originally supposed to be 30 % or 50 % larger than it ended up being . 
  we 'll trade you budapest for birmingham . 
  so going north along the west coast we 've got naples , rome and then a bright bunch of lights that kind of looks like a luminous penis . 
  what is that area ? 
  how about we call it everyone for doing stupid shit , not covering it up if they happen to be from a particular background or religion ? 
  or are we not actually dealing with * actual * problems we 've currently got ? 
  if anyone 's interested , here 's wiki article on [ stalin and anti-semitism . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stalin_and_antisemitism ), 
  trying to equate a western head of state with putin is incredibly disengenuous , and i do n't vote for the conservative party . 
  you say putin and his oligarchs are `` tolerated '' but nobody in russia has the power to oppose him . 
  he 's allegedly stolen billions away for himself on top of the laundry-list of civil rights he 's stripped from his people to secure his power . 
  but not only is it speculative , it flies in the face of stated polity of every major party . 
  the `` deep divide '' you 're talking about is tabloid sensationalism at it 's worst . 
  the only semi-relative party behind an out vote is ukip . 
  that 's entirely speculative . 
  every major political party is staunchly pro-eu and has publicly announced this for some time . 
  the majority will be happy to remain . 
  the important thing is that they * actually get out and vote , * because the leave guys are definitely going to . 
  croatia has done an excellent job in changing it 's image to show-off it 's natural beauty and showcase beautiful cities like dubrovnik . 
  high-profile movies and shows like game of thrones really help . 
  just my opinion of course . 
  i doubt he has an interest against * russia * as opposed to putin . 
  * l'etat c'est moi * and all that . 
   surprise surprise , the channel is owned by mikhail khodorkovsky , an exiled oligarch , who has a major agenda against putin and russia . 
   there 's nothing in this video that damages the state . 
   i imagine a russian maidan similar to the one held in kiev , with molotovs , torches and everything , and resulting in chaos , a civil war and more poverty for the populace is a wet dream of many a visitor of this sub . 
   well , sorry fellas , not happening . 
  i 'm convinced you folks in / r/russia get off to exactly that thought . 
  goddamn dude , try not to sound * too * aroused when you say that . 
  if you think a single one of your candidates is actually going to change the us involvement in nato , i 'll bet you folding money right now .
