  both worthy of a jail sentence . 
  yes . 
  same way that someone raised all his life surrounded by guns will probably shoot someone . 
  god . 
  there 's such a thing as understanding , but you do n't have to excuse it . 
  no , see , this is illegal as fuck . 
  you can blame the shit out of them . 
  huh . 
  i looked and you 're right on that note . 
  for the time being anyway . 
  oh , our government has balls . 
  they just seem to spend more time teabagging a pig 's chin than they do actually working . 
  what the uk does best . 
  ship africans to places . 
  then send the uk in or something . 
  verbal abuse . 
  threats . 
  violence . 
  hey , growing up with irish dna in britain is n't amazing . 
  fleeing poverty is literally what economic migration is . 
  let 's be honest . 
  how many of these migrants will be drug addicts ? 
  heroin is common in afghanistan , in particular . 
  where there is demand , supply will follow . 
  not to mention there 's a fuck load of underhand labour . 
  this migrant crisis , is , in my view atleast , a gold mine for the criminal minded . 
  you want someone hurt ? 
  give a name and address to an illegal who 'll move onto the next town shortly . 
  want to make some money ? 
  sell weed to the locals in one town , and move on . 
  and that 's a best case scenario . 
  hiv needle sharing is a big problem . 
  this amount of people , someone will sell , someone will buy . 
  on mobile . 
  google it . 
  of course most of these are also applicable for refugees . 
  higher crime rate , higher rate of smuggling by sea to and from the eu , basically , you 're gon na need a navy to stop organised crime rings bringing in heavy weapons . 
  no , it 's not a thing for gingers here . 
  most larger countries . 
  for example , hungary , had to pay a lot of theirs in swiss francs at the endgame , and when the franc value detied to the euro , it went up . 
  this basically means a lot of hungarians ca n't pay a mortgage . 
  most european countries have them in euros . 
  it 's like , a lot of banks will be stationed and owned by certain countries . 
  many are based in frankf\u00fcrt , others in london or new york . 
  not many in stockholm . 
  dude . 
  ireland is * fucked * too . 
  even without the strain . 
  sweden is twice the size and a lot more advanced , so they were n't fucked before . 
  they are now . 
  you 're relying on a few things here . 
  1 ) illegal immigrants are not known for their tax paying . 
  2 ) they have very few marketable skills . 
  3 ) the cost of crime . 
  4 ) the taxes which are paid will have to exceed the return on anything which could have been bought with that same money . 
  such as , idk , a fuckin ' bus station . 
  5 ) education strains . 
  6 ) medical strains . 
  7 ) white flight and the resulting ghettos . 
  8 ) higher taxes for those who work , leading to more tax fraud . 
  9 ) more prisons . 
  10 ) more police 11 ) higher military spending should i continue ? 
  more like `` the lives of our children or the lives of strangers '' say in 20 years . 
  sweden decides it ca n't use the euro on account of its debt being so high . 
  it floats its kroner , and bam . 
  surge in devaluation . 
  becomes worth half as much . 
  except everyone 's bank loans are still in euros . 
  now they 're all frozen to death because they ca n't pay for heating . 
  what man , that 's fucking retarded . 
  if that counts as oppression , all gingers in the uk are the same . 
  even without taking crime into account , how the fuck do we get africans to work ? 
  germany could have opened up to northern england for workers if they needed it . 
  steel workers , miners , etc. 
  germany will need to train these guys , for years , before they can start working . 
  the ones going to russia tend to be russians . 
  lmao comparable situation ? 
  for every ukrainian , a country in war , there 's 10 people fleeing poverty . 
  2700 ; wow . 
  so many . 
  how many people showed up in one week in greece ? 
  yeah , a `` problem '' thing is , our economy is n't based on young men pushing shit around . 
  it 's heavily mechanised , and heavily financial . 
  thus people can work when they are older . 
  more industrialisation will be a better fix than importing millions of retards . 
  shotgun top bunk, 
  because the ira were ... possible to sympathise with . 
  and the british/uvf also did shitty things . 
  the fact they have yet to . 
  no , it was a reference to how germans paint hungary or other germans who do n't like this situation . 
  problem is , it 's totally wrong . 
  germany made it very hard for poland to take ukrainians in , but then turns around and says `` well , ukrainians are n't * really people * so poland , you have to take in syrians '', 
  oh yeah we have nuclear submarines, 
  hey , portugal . 
  wan na take back some territories ? 
  you can have brazil , i 'll take india , pakistan , bangladesh , the usa , canada , australia , new zealand , south africa , zimbabwe , nigeria , egypt , uganda , ireland ... 
  what about narva ? 
  will germany allow all ukrainians to flee either the war in the east , or the poorness ? 
  2 million ethnic none jew poles iirc, 
  so the usa ?
