  not in papers . 
  mostly just local things - would you write about a supermarket fight ? 
  beep beep crash chop chop allahu ackbar, 
  english is n't your first language , but that 's a good point . 
  there is a fuck load of things which will undoubtedly happen . 
  a clash of cultures . 
  it 's inevitable - a `` refugee '' butts in line infront of a woman at a supermarket , she speaks up , he punches her . 
  they ai n't used to women having equal rights , and that 's something we 'll have to prepare for . 
  rude as fuck ? 
  yes . 
  but germans tend to understand english . 
  it failed because of a certain mugabe . 
  australia , canada , the usa , south africa ( kinda dropped the ball on that one ) , india , pakistan ( more ball dropping ) , zimbabwe ( oops ) , bangladesh ( mhm ) , hong kong , shanghai , singapore , israel ... and they 're just the british ones . 
  oddly enough , south africa and zimbabwe did well until recently . 
  tell me about it . 
  britain did n't * have * to help poland . 
  i did n't vote ukip because farage in charge of a national economy would result in the entire construction sector building a giant sign saying `` fuck off , france . '', 
  yeah , that 's america . 
  ours have histories of sodomising smaller classmates and alcohol induced combat . 
  no , it 's more how the news seems more fitting for a small village . 
  `` oh , did you hear ? 
  old man ilves got sick from picking mushrooms ! '', 
  ... and here we see the inherit difference between western europe and the baltic states . 
  that 's the british way . 
  huh . 
  progress is progress , i 'll give them that . 
  damn it serbia 's not the most ideal place for muslims , is it ? 
  i know , it 's a generic open response . 
  that ... that looks like someone sneezed on the town name . 
  but those 9 are , what ? 
  the biggest and most powerful economically and in terms of population ? 
  i 'm more in favour of leaving the migrants at the door , but the worse option is to force eastern europe to handle it . 
  they 're still recovering from being forced to have millions of russians ejaculated into their countries . 
  celtic was formed by refugees , so it 's a given . 
  uhm . 
  okay . 
  so they travel freely through all of these countries but that 's beside the point . 
  why do they always manage to end up in the `` good '' countries ? 
  why not serbia ? 
  operative word being `` of africa '' i do n't know if you knew this , but europe is not the same place as africa . 
  i 'm not american , i just know it as : american steel , russian soldiers , british intelligence, 
  no , as in , 30mln killed ? 
  28 million soviets , 3 million yugoslavs , 6 million jews ... 
  the us has war murdered more than hitler 's nazis ? 
  that 's bullshit . 
  romania , bulgaria , finland and germany . 
  it 's where a lot of your tanks came from . 
  the riots and `` difficulties '' associated with migrants . 
  macedonia too . 
  they were n't allowed in , so they resorted to violence . 
  i ca n't * blame * them , but i can say they still deserve to be left at the door . 
  welp . 
  ask greece or italy . 
  no , they just kick you out of your house . 
  there 's an element of choice here . 
  none of us were given a choice at all . 
  lmao okay . 
  two thousand and one characters . 
  you , and two thousands refugees ... 
  what ? 
  it 's not because europe is fucking magical , it 's because we put these systems in place . 
  it is n't cruel for us to put our own interests above others . 
  ... yeah , i ca n't defend what pakistanis do . 
  can we trade ? 
  kurds for pakis ? 
  you 're aware that turkey has them too , right ? 
  a first world country ? 
  haha, 
  i do n't know either . 
  maybe cause russia is ? 
  ... really ? 
  an islamic , terrorist-loving nightmare state is insulting the eu ? 
  this is why turkey is n't part of the eu . 
  it 's like # 20 for a camo jacket and a balaclava mate . 
  it 's not like i 'd be carrying an armalite ( northern england ), 
  speaking of ira , would it be acceptable to dress up that way for halloween ? 
  we flattened dresden and the usa nuked japan . 
  did we continue raping and basically kidnap half a continent for 50 years ? 
  something 's bad when people willingly surrender to * us * - we invented the concentration camp !, 
  i do n't think russia had most of its population deported though, 
  of course it 's due . 
  jesus , when the guy defending berlin disobeys his final orders and evacuates civilians * to the british and american * forces , then you can safely say the ussr is going too far . 
  if they do n't know any better , why the fuck are n't we educating them with water cannons ? 
  well i 'm already in europe . 
  safe . 
  claim asylum in greece . 
  i would ditch the weapons as soon as i got into the fuckin continent . 
  and carry knives for just such an occasion ? 
  japan will probably start accepting other asian countries , or european . 
  `` just fine '' warning . 
  do n't say `` eh ? '', 
  it sounds like ei , which means no . 
  death by soviet is also partly to blame . 
  yup . 
  it 'd be harder . 
  and they are shit at fighting . 
  they attack anywhere in central london ? 
  1 shot , 1 kill . 
  maybe open fire on a crowd ? 
  oh wow , that 'll make people sympathise .
