  wow , so , when norwegians go psycho they really go all out , huh, 
  it 's the implication . 
  no , london makes our laws . 
  london is also mostly foreign . 
  fucking hell , it 's one of the reasons why there 's no support for limiting immigration . 
  i 'm calling to remove power from london . 
  calling people racist instead of actually addressing a pretty big problem . 
  yeah . 
  both are symptoms . 
  fact is , an immigrant in london holds more power than most of the natives outside of london . 
  ... the gingerness, 
  no , in government . 
  the demography of london does n't match the rest of britain . 
  being run from a city which is n't even half british is ... just wrong . 
  i mean , what ? 
  state funding muslim schools at the cost of ... well , underfunding everyone else ? 
  extra policing for london !, 
  well , everywhere else ? 
  no police . 
  i 'm saying that they should n't hold as much power as they do . 
  and that there 's far too many . 
  because they make our laws . 
  * pal * i 'm not thinking you 're * english * either, 
  census has : white british white irish white irish traveller ( our gypsies are irish ) white other on top of that , other british are in total , 10 million . 
  5 million scots , 2 million nirish and 3 million welsh . 
  since a lot of scots are white irish , and a lot of nirish are ulster-scots , it 's hard to pinpoint which would be which . 
  nevertheless , 10 million vs 50 million english . 
  as for the ex-british empire , correct . 
  most blacks in london are jamaican . 
  but to say that 's 40 % / scottish/welsh/nirish is completely incorrect . 
  so yeah . 
  there are other groups . 
  british is still the largest single group , but not the vast majority . 
  that is , the capital city of the country is less than half native . 
  you actually can though . 
  uh that ... you know that england is 5/6ths of britain , right ? 
  and therefor british would be meaning british citizens ? 
  nevertheless , london is much more of an international hub than a city ; i personally ca n't stand it . 
  english in this case referring to anglo , as in , one of the few english ethnic groups . 
  anglo-saxon being the biggest , with shit like anglo-celtic up next . 
  according to everyone . 
  every single country these * migrants * passed through had every right to detain and deport them, 
  i understand the issue . 
  i can sympathise . 
  but that does n't make it legal . 
  what , is isis following them ? 
  is assad fighting in turkey ? 
  they fled into turkey . 
  they then left turkey for a better life . 
  100 % totally , yes . 
  what , if you were in auchwitz would you offer to join the queue ? 
  you would n't be saving anyone . 
  the dutch could n't save anyone . 
  they had a choice . 
  survive or die . 
  they were at the un outpost , if i recall correctly , and were basically allowed to escape provided they did n't interfere . 
  that the dutch soldiers had no chance . 
  outgunned , few in number . 
  they would have died for nothing . 
  it is n't their country nor their land . 
  they had no reason to fight . 
  your men . 
  i do n't know if you noticed , but the netherlands is n't in eastern europe . 
  they had no chance . 
  death or surrender . 
  moar dead dutchies are needed apparently, 
  itt : `` the dutch should have died too ! '', 
  this is the difference . 
  instead of just the bosnians dying , the dutch would have also died . 
  probably more bosnians , too , as the serbs would be even more pissed . 
  `` you guys should have died too ! '', 
  yes . 
  of course . 
  yup , irish is n't exactly a common language . 
  no , see , they are not fleeing from turkey . 
  the eu does n't border syria . 
  once they enter the eu , they stop being refugees and become illegal immigrants . 
  14 native irish speakers, 
  syria is n't safe . 
  everywhere between syria and sweden is . 
  on account of ireland being unsafe , and the uk bordering it , yeah . 
  turkey is safe . 
  these are opportunists . 
  as did mine . 
  irish civil war . 
  heartlessness is necessary . 
  if it was n't , we 'd all have been fucked when the nazis took over . 
  you 're being a `` muh apartheid '' guy . 
  you 're exagurrating and using buzzwords . 
  stop it . 
  after a while you 'll notice that it does n't matter what you do . 
  these organisations care more about what ethnicity or religion you are , than what you do . 
  until we point guns at them . 
  stop clickbaiting . 
  terrorists can not be working for a government . 
  that 's pretty much the definition . 
  none-official citizens using fear as a tool , with a political motive . 
  correct , state terrorism is an oxymoron . 
  okay . 
  syrian women and children from the conflict areas .
