  ambush a group of soldiers ? 
  they do n't have anywhere near the skill of the ira ; could n't pull off a narrowwater . 
  two guys with kalishnikovs vs two guys with 9mms . 
  they then ran off . 
  indians , then pakistanis . 
  nah man , glasgow is more like fallout 3 , except with less deathclaws and more knives . 
  you took it too far, 
  mujahadin are ... shit . 
  they 're laughabley shit . 
  they are the most retarded excuses for terrorists . 
  i mean , what , they can place small bombs in a train . 
  the ira took a mortar to downing street . 
  i think we can handle a bunch of retards who could n't finish a round of laser tag without blinding themselves . 
  `` trying to bring * religious war * to * glasgow . 
  * they 're 400 years late , they have n't even got a football team yet . '', 
  - one of the proclaimers, 
  we changed our mind . 
  take the pakistanis , trust me , you wo n't regret it . 
  yup . 
  can we trade with germany ? 
  i think that the first to scramble would obviously be the military states ( uk/france/turkey / usa ) which all are constantly ready and could get there in that time . 
  i thought the 3 was a z ? 
  or is that the other wrong one, 
  i do n't know much about bikers , but i do like that they beat them to death rather than shoot them . 
  bystanders innit . 
  `` like half '' = a considerable amount `` most '' = about half `` pretty much the entire country '' = about 60 %, 
  i like the estonian public transport . 
  2 euros for a train from the middle of nowhere to the capital . 
  for reference , it costs us equal to about $ 60 euro from a reasonabley sized city of 250,000 to get to london . 
  tallinn is like half the population, 
  where do you think the refugees go ? 
  okay now , not pointin ' any fingers ... that coulda been done a lil better, 
  ... yes , that 's why sweden pays the price , apparently . 
  i can name ~ 10 colonial powers . 
  28 eu countries ... y' know , i reckon all of this is sweden 's fault . 
  yeah !, 
  must be . 
  with their empire in africa ... 
  hah in turkey even the rivers are n't gay, 
  so ... a smaller sea ? 
  is it wet and stuff ? 
  depends . 
  there 's a fine line . 
  i think it 's a river . 
  would n't they just fight it out with the russians ? 
  i vote to leave estonia alone . 
  their language is far too complicated . 
  let them stick with it . 
  i do n't want anybody to suffer having to learn that shit . 
  the capital city is in europe ... siberia is not ... 
  / r/europe ... 
  it 's east of kazakhstan ... siberia is not in europe ... 
  but they speak like the same language and look the same . 
  is n't finland ... not scandinavian ? 
  i always considered it baltic . 
  like a depressed , colder version of estonia . 
  ... i can ser that going very poorly for everyone . 
  yeah , it 's fun , is n't it ? 
  last time we left you to your own devices , what happened ? 
  meltdown ? 
  how ? 
  muslims contribute fuck all - i thought you were being sarcastic, 
  yup . 
  some of them agreed with you . 
  most said israel and these were * british *, 
  no they do n't . 
  they blame americans and jews . 
  not exactly a free state . 
  some , sure . 
  but fuck me . 
  literally ask a muslim what the biggest problem in the middle east is . 
  without the `` evry deff is a twagedy '' bullshit , what connotations will that have for everyone else in the world ? 
  it needs to be addressed . 
  these countries are so shit because of their people . 
  look at poland . 
  was a puppet state until recently . 
  do they bitch and moan about some jews who arrived 70 years ago , blaming all their problems on them ? 
  nope . 
  you can . 
  we managed it with japan . 
  how are they not a country ? 
  focus on the racism they face once they jump multiple borders . 
  the work time ones . 
  i.e the eu is what determines x amount of 10 minute breaks in a 40h week, 
  fun fact . 
  many workers here have no idea that the eu is the reason we have such nice breaks . 
  it 's one of the reasons why people do n't care about their countries . 
  would you , if you did n't pay taxes ? 
  * tear falls * this is why we stopped fighting to play football, 
  and it 's obviously better for me to drive a bmw . 
  how many countries are between here and eritrea ? 
  you do n't flee a country , one small nation in africa , and end up so scared they find you claiming benefits in sweden . 
  like building a really deep moat ? 
  take the chinese route and build a hill, 
  climb the hills and bomb the walls . 
  job done , you an island . 
  estonia lacks them lmao, 
  no , they 're both illegal . 
  different crimes . 
  unless you think that rapists should n't be punished unless they kill the victim .
