wait , so , someone explain to me how people turn on the europeans when there is something rape-gangy in the news . 
  the guy was corrupt and basically , they picked him up and stuffed him in a bin . 
  . . wow . . reading this comment section . . jesus , when it was a guy , we were all `` lol we should do this . '', 
  you would honestly be surprised . 
  international politics is a giant clusterfuck where nobody can decide how many countries there are . 
  typically it 's un +1 . 
  i thought poland was the reason the world war started . 
  do * you * wan na be the policeman to sort that shit out ? 
  well you 'd think so , would n't you . 
  but , when the police think everyone 's a chav who 'll throw a molotov at them . . 
  fear . 
  fear of riots n shit . 
  ever been a police officer trying to suppress hundereds of chavs ? 
  this would be an interesting spin on taken . 
  . . oh , if only there were a word which we could use to describe people from pakistan . . 
  . . no , that was n't the reason the authority figures did n't do anything . 
  did you read any articles or did you just read the headlines ? 
  the motive was less `` i dun wan na be wacist '' and more `` well , whenever we uncover these things , [ bad things happen . 
  ] ( http://www.theweek.co.uk/uk-news/59333/anti-muslim-hate-crimes-increase-in-england-and-wales ) now , personally , i would 've arrested them secretly and not told the media . 
  eh ... two sides to that . 
  `` i dun wan na appear wacist '' - are you stupid ? 
  did you actually * read * anything which was n't a fucking headline ? 
  `` to prevent public uproar '' - oh . 
  yeah . . that . . that makes perfect sense . 
  [ because . . let 's face it , britain first is pretty much how a lot of uk citizens actually think . 
  ] ( http://www.theweek.co.uk/uk-news/59333/anti-muslim-hate-crimes-increase-in-england-and-wales ), 
  i do n't trust estonians with google . 
  i tried speaking your language once . 
  never again . 
  yeah , bela-ruse i know that it means white russian , but it 's not called `` whiterussia '' - it 's called belarus in english . 
  so , do we change it or keep it as the same one - surely , if we change the language that way , would n't it be belarusski ? 
  . . okay , question . 
  are you pronouncing `` belorussian '' as `` belarus-ee-an '' or `` bela-rush-an '', 
  . . latvia , belarus , ukraine and lithuania . 
  how many russians do you think make up those statistics , though ? 
  cause i know that estonia at least gets the bulk of its aids from narva . 
  . . i always figured you were american . 
  iceland did n't !, 
  the usa . 
  most of europe . 
  japan . 
  yeah but they 'll inevitabely find out how mean germans can be . 
  because the current method * is * the issue . 
  `` come here and get free stuff '', 
  we got one hell of a winter coming apparently . 
  they stopped being refugees when they left greece . 
  stop kidding yourself . 
  the people who you keep insisting are refugees are going to die . 
  thousands will die this winter . 
  they are walking but what happens when the first cold fronts come in and they 're in the middle of eastern europe with no shelter . 
  the eastern europeans will have to try to help them but they ca n't help that many people . 
  what , you think poland has enough manpower to comb the forests ? 
  hungry wolves , bears , europe is not a fucking nice place in the winter . 
  yeah , except that would account for a slight difference . 
  not a ten fold difference . 
  by granting citizenship ? 
  by promoting the illegal crossing of borders ? 
  when you interfere with a country which has 200 years of experience meddling , you fuck it up . 
  for example , did the british , before wwii , ever invite people back to britain ? 
  they brought money and paid locals . 
  we would take some responsibility , but you keep fucking that up . 
  `` do it better !, 
  these refugees deserve bigger houses near london !, 
  more money ! '', 
  maybe sweden should stop trying to appeal to illegal immigrants , and especially should n't tell the rest of europe to . 
  that 'd be because it 's cyprus . 
  you ... 
  i do n't think it 's `` welp , i just passed the caucus mountains . 
  where germoney at '', 
  god damn swedes , going over to iraq and exploding !, 
  of course . 
  it 's too small to make anything big , but it 's big enough to be a concern . 
  the world would be a better place if all immigrants were like the sikhs . 
  they 've been part of britain for 200 years o.o, 
  so it did n't move geographically ... 
  but it * was *, 
  cause pakistan is part of the indian subcontinent . 
  for some reason , esto-russkis are ... just awful . 
  i mean , what happened there, 
  actually in the uk , the poles do so much that the minority eu migrants overcompensate . 
  40-60 split between eu and none eu xd, 
  dude . 
  19/25 of the front page of europe . . 
  uhm whatwhatwhat ? 
  do ... you * remember * ? 
  biggest issue in europe mate . 
  were you whining when it was russia flopping its dick out on the dinner table ? 
  lol women and children , facing an army which they barely escaped by going to britain vs adult men `` fleeing '' a tiny country , across dozens more safe countries . 
  i love that rhetoric . 
  i once had a headache . 
  i feel just like those people with brain tumours . 
  do n't be so rude . 
  150kg is enough to clothe two american kids . 
  emigrate to , immigrate from . 
  it 's a fuckin century cycle . 
  100 years ago , fascism . 
  before that , proxy wars by the colonial kingdoms . 
  we burned down the whitehouse and starved ireland . 
  admittedly it 's an anecdote . 
  not a far stretch to say that they look down on women when they try to molest a hungarian police woman though .
