  yes , because exploiting workers is the only way to lower production costs . 
  the us has a higher minimum wage than some eu countries , they should be the ones worried about getting their workers exploited by evil europeans . 
  sigh . 
  yes ttip is all about flooding the market with shitty products . 
  because all products the us ( or if you 're american the eu ) produce are crap and people who buy products never benefit from them only the producers do . 
  let 's get real historical and put arminius on it . 
  piss off the italians . 
  your legions are not coming back . 
  [ there 's an economics paper ] ( http://economics.mit.edu/files/7718 ) that shows that parts of europe occupied by the french revolutionary armies or napoleon did much better when it comes to economic development than party that were not . 
  arthur harris for someone more recent then . 
  has a statue in london . 
  seen as a patriot in the uk and as a war criminal by quite a few in germany . 
  ok , then francis drake . 
  he is a pirate by most definitions and has statues in the uk . 
  or a statue of lenin in moscow and a statue of bandera in lviv . 
  so you believe everything the media tells you ? 
  which product allowed by ttip are you afraid is toxic ? 
  why is belgium celebrating an event that happened when there was no belgium ? 
  i would sign a pro-ttip initiative if there was one . 
  do you have a link ? 
  only found some facebook group in german . 
  you know there 's more to the british press than the guardian ? 
  conservative papers like the times or the telegraph have been supporting ttip . 
  [ latest polls ] ( http://www.borderlex.eu/eurobarometer-whos-ttip-eu/ ) show 65 % of uk supporting ttip . 
  pure german imperialism . 
  german media loves to ignore that outside of german-speaking countries most europeans support ttip . 
  erdo\u011fan having huge rallies in germany and belgium is weird.the uk has a time-limit : if you 're out of the country longer than 15 years you ca n't vote anymore . 
  seems reasonable . 
  you forgot central europe . 
  the best part . 
   to be fair , his show has better moments than this . 
  [ all the good gags are stolen from titanic ] ( http://www.titanic-magazin.de/news/klickstrecke-die-besten-titanic-witze-in-der-heute-show-7328/ ), 
  if it were n't for us stopping the romans from getting east of the rhine you 'd all be speaking a romance language / s, 
  i think some scots also call her elizabeth the first instead of elizabeth ii , since scotland never had a first elizabeth . 
  will you say the same when sepp blatter gets booed by fans at the next world cup ? 
  it 's not just abrahamic faiths , look at india . 
  the german media is very anti-ttip so that 's not suprising . 
  damn georgian immigrants . 
  close the borders . 
  germany has about three million immigrants from russia . 
  the broadcast is a ploy . 
  when china tales over the world they 'll elave europe alone now . 
  is is true that kaliningrad/k \u00f6nigsberg was close to being renamed kantograd ? 
  that would have been really cool . 
  translation of text : what would remain of the entente if they were serious about self-determination for their own peoples and would let go of the reins . 
  * that 's a gimmick by some fenchmen here . 
  they think french is some kind of world language . 
  it can have negative connotations . 
  people talking about * anglo-s\u00e4chsischen kapitalismus * are usually not neutral . 
  problem i see is lack of variety . 
  who says the italian army will grow the strain that is most effective for patients?maybe different strains might be more effective for different medical conditions . 
  and i can cite other economists that say that say the opposite ( tyler cowen , hans-olaf henkel ) . 
  to think that they are united in their views ( in either direction ) is a pretty great example for confirmation bias . 
  is n't the whole thing about dugin that he sees the west as liberal ? 
  ( which for him is way worse than fascist ), 
  another grammatical mistake like that and your bike is gone . 
  for speeding you 're right . 
  i was talking about the general system of day-fines ( the one that lead to marco reus having to pay $ 540.000 for driving without a license ) . 
  empirically that does n't seem to happen in countries that use [ day-fines ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/day-fine ) . 
  we have the same system in germany . 
  that 's why states that like finland and germany that use this system have turned into hellholes . 
  a highly romanticized version of medieval times that has little to do with reality . 
  i 'm with adenauer : everything east of the elbe is the asian steppe ( sorry , large parts of europe ) . 
  also true for greeks and turks but do n't mention that to either of them . 
  italy is a geographical expression . 
  smug and condescending snob is standard condition of the american liberal . 
  i took a dutch course in college because i needed some language credits and figured this was the easiest way to get them . 
  the next time i was in the netherlands i spoke one goedendag before the dutch person switched to english . 
  ( i should have always started in dutch and then when the dutch person switched to english just talked in german , maybe that would have worked ) . 
  austria : mountains czech republic : beer netherlands : frikandeln & kipcorn poland : ball france : culture switzerland : direct democracy belgium : great shortcut to france luxembourg : idk denmark : giving us free tunnels, 
  visit / r/the _ donald . 
  they 'll teach you . 
  the [ same issue ] ( http://www.simplicissimus.info/uploads/tx_lombkswjournaldb/pdf/1/09/09_06.pdf ) of the [ simplicissmus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/simplicissimus ) that had this cartoon also had some extremely critical stuff to say about the german policy against the herero ( and this issue is from may 1904 , after the rebellion began but before the genocide ) . 
  so you think just because a party has won a majority in an election it can it should be able to do whatever it wants ? 
  abridge the right of minorities ? 
  violate the constitution ? 
  this . 
  pure majoritarianism is pretty terrible . 
  there is a german [ media report ] ( http://www.br.de/nachrichten/schleierfahnder-attentat-paris-100.html ) about bavarian police arresting a man from montenegro a few days ago . 
  he had multiple weapons and explosives hidden in his car and the report states that there 's evidence that he was on his way to paris . 
  the report is from br , the bavarian state broadcaster . 
  almost all writers outside of people like stephen king or j.k. rowling are unknown to 99 % of people . 
  not a waste of time to read her , she 's very insightful . 
  you should try it . 
  unknown writer ? 
  maybe to you . 
  only read second-hand time by her but that was excellent . 
  if her other stuff is on that level the prize is well deserved . 
  useless map . 
  crunchroll does region blocking . 
  the most popular anime in one country might not even be available in another . 
  i 'm old enough to remember when tpb was only available in swedish . 
  if they had not introduced an english version the whole world would speak swedish today . 
  i know ceta is hated on this sub but i think this sets a terrible precedent . 
  the eu is basically incapable to conclude any trade deal with anyone when even regional actors can block them . 
  makes brexit look a lot less stupid . 
  psst , you 're supposed to call them moderate rebels . 
  why die for ~ ~ danzig ~ ~ donetsk ? 
  afaik they 're not forced laborers . 
  people actually pay high bribes to get these jobs .
