our reporters `` lost '' 192 wallets in cities around the world . 
   in each , we put a name with a cellphone number , a family photo , coupons , and business cards , plus the equivalent of $ 50 . 
  we `` dropped '' 12 wallets in each of the 16 cities we selected , leaving them in parks , near shopping malls , and on sidewalks . 
  then we watched to see what would happen . 
  mostly to trigger that estonian guy by posting a map that follows the exact lines as this : http://i.imgur.com/nv4wrwz.png, 
  700 usd is about 600 eur , not considering currency changes . 
  this newer map from 2017 that was posted below shows about the same : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage, 
  but most of finland is north of norway since noone lives in the sperm tail of norway . 
  wow , almost like subreddits consist of multiple individuals !, 
  the meme-term was popular on 4chan years before 2009 . 
  it 's a natural reserve for czech tourists to come hiking in the mountains and swimming to nearby islands . 
  [ this is how the world sees the united nations . 
  ] ( http://p.fod4.com/p/media/99c6369c03/ga2qe43hswojzry1q2cb_post-25893-ralph-wiggum-eating-paste-gif-ckii.gif ), 
  guys !, 
  it 's * 2017 !, 
  * we can choose our genders but not our national borders ? 
  best education = automatically win every discussion how 's life behind the iron curtain ? 
  boiled any onions lately ? 
  : dddddd, 
  this is how everyone else sees it : http://i.imgur.com/thoirtt.png, 
  the next world war will be against corporations . 
   he says he 's a student so he ca n't be fired . 
  just some dumb thing a student said , it seems . 
  students can be kicked out of schools which is done regularly , even for false accusations with no evidence . 
  parents and/or kids have jumped on some new trend they found on the internet probably . 
  most people do n't know what afa/antifa is and have never heard of it because media does n't write about them . 
  in sweden , the state police have them ranked as the biggest threat to the nation but they are still protected by traditional media . 
  i believe the lands and peoples similar to africa were south ( harad ) and east ( rh\u00fbn ) of the map of middle-earth . 
  something like this : https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/39c4192546be3ef0f5e5043297b3307d75c844a0f3d5cb0928b46ff9caeaf029.jpg although i think this particular picture is fan-made based on theories . 
  how much salmiakki do they usually put in ? 
  i meant the people on reddit who always have the same flair and same set of opinions and arguments . 
  all disappeared when they ca n't refute the article . 
  where are all the people with europe and germany flair in this thread ? 
  hiding from the bad news ? 
   unproven . 
  read the independent investigations , not the american/french/british ones . 
  the un and opcw ( organisation for the prohibition of chemical weapons ) good enough ? 
  * https://undocs.org/s/2016/738  confirmed . 
  you 're parroting american hawk talking point thanks for your input , buddy . 
   i 'm not saying his actions represent finland at the time ` very well ' , no need to put words in my mouth . 
  i 'm saying that we should be honest and frank about it that shitty things were done in the name of the country rather than try to gloss over it and start talking about them being ` denied entries ' or pointing to mannerheims personal efforts . 
  your initial post that started this chain talked about * `` it was only recently that it was found out that finland actually deported some jews to nazi germany during the war '' * which simply is n't true because it had very real consequences for finnish politics and was even posted in the newspapers at the time causing public outcry , and * `` the explanation [ ... ] that finland ended up in the war like a driftwood , against it 's own wishes and had absolutely no culpability in the matter '' * implying finland somehow steered into the wars on purpose . 
  leaving the obvious defensive war of 39-40 aside ( that had been preceded by military budget cutbacks as late as 1938 - not the best if preparing for a war ) , the whole reason the war of 41-44 is called * the continuation war * is because it 's a direct consequence of the previous soviet invasion . 
  the soviet union again started making aggressive demands like the ones predating the winter war ; now they wanted the petsamo area with its valuable mines . 
  finland , on the other hand , wanted its second largest city back and the homes of 400 000 karelians , for one thing . 
  pretty legitimate reasons for a counter-offensive . 
  however , the fact that the military went * past * the 1939 borders and the reasons behind it are taught in schools : some , including those in power , sympathized with the idea of the time to `` unite finnish-speaking peoples '' , while the military mainly to take ground that is easier to defend ( i.e. 
  along the coasts of ladoga and onega and river svir ) , and to have territory to bargain a peace with . 
  here we do have a question of ethics , especially considering the russian karelians who were moved to detainment camps where many starved to death , but also going past the previous borders devalued the claims to our own territories . 
  then again , who 's to say that the finnish lines had n't fallen quicker if they had stopped at the 1939 borders ? 
   try to gloss over it and start talking about them being ` denied entries ' you 're right - i remembered it wrong . 
  they were austrians who had likely arrived in finland already . 
   that 's because i would like to discuss the matter in a neutral manner , which is pretty hard when people get so upset over even mentioning it and have to go into defensive mode . 
  nothing to get defensive over , it 's not your fault . 
  not even if you 're directly related to anthoni . 
  now who 's putting words in whose mouth ? 
  disagreeing on a subject does not equal `` getting upset '' . 
  maybe you 're confusing me with some of the other commenters . 
  we should go chill with hawaii . 
  alaska can come too . 
  you say so , yet burning to death is one of the worst possible ends . 
  sorry to say , but you probably only had the illusion of choice - both presidents would follow the same path to increase us power . 
  the goofy , friendly , `` i 'd have a beer with this guy '' - presidents clinton and bush jr. both ran the same policy of war to increase power and destabilize growing factions . 
   yes , it was not at all bad compared to other places in europe and for the most part finland protected the jews within it 's territory really well . 
  however , that still does not excuse the shitty parts . 
  i 'm arguing that the actions of this one man , the same actions that were publicly denounced by civilians , politicians and the head of the military , do not represent finland very well . 
  can you truly blame norway for the actions of breivik ? 
  the one using chemical weapons on civilians ? 
   how so ? 
  such as russian involvement in syrian government forces chemical weapons attacks and russian cluster bombing without regards to civilians and so on . 
  and , yes , us-supported forces have been involved in using white phosphorous weapons , which is not better at all . 
   thanks for proving my point . 
  and what point would that be ? 
   as far as i 'm aware , this was not a case of denied entry but a case of deporting german refugees who had arrived in finland before the war and some of them had even received asylum . 
  they might have entered before the outbreak of the war , but i have n't seen any dates other than when they were deported :  in november 1942 , eight jewish austrian refugees ( along with 19 other deportees ) were deported to nazi germany after the head of the finnish police agreed to turn them over . 
  seven of the jews were murdered immediately . 
  according to author martin gilbert , these eight were georg kollman ; frans olof kollman ; frans kollman 's mother ; hans eduard szubilski ; henrich huppert ; kurt huppert ; hans robert martin korn , who had been a volunteer in the winter war ; and an unknown individual . 
  when finnish media reported the news , it caused a national scandal , and ministers resigned in protest . 
  this put a stop to any further deportations and of 500 further refugees , mannerheim personally helped 160 refugees move through finland to neutral sweden . 
  when i mentioned `` us '' i was indeed talking about the united states - a shorter name for the united states of america , where people commonly referred to as `` americans '' come from . 
  finland is not referred to as an axis nation since finland never signed the tripartite pact . 
   particularly , there is some strange narrative that finland won the winter war and the continuation war , when in fact it lost both of them . 
  there is no such narrative in finland . 
  schools clearly and literally state that finland lost both wars . 
  however , finland succeeded in stopping stalin 's total occupation ( for which there is plenty of evidence : like the baltics & the rest of eastern europe , puppet communist terijoki government ready to take over , plans for occupation drawn up in 1938 before threats even began , allied need for iron mines in sweden , opening up the bay of finland for the baltic red navy ) and came out of ww2 the only country attacked by the ussr who still stood independent with a capital that was never occupied or destroyed ( or even had enemy boots on the ground ) . 
  finland , a democratic agrarian nation of 3.6 mln living on the brink of poverty , with a neglected and chronically underfunded military without defensive lines , a people devastated by a bloody and bitter civil war , managed to scramble together all they had to stand up and defend their freedom from the largest military in the world led by an insane , brutal , communist murderer . 
  if this is n't the perfect inspiration to jrr tolkien 's classic good versus evil in lord of the rings , i do n't know what is . 
   exaggerating the finnish victories ( which were impressive enough anyway ) , glossing over the cooperation with the nazi germany and the role finland played in starving out a million people in leningrad . 
  the wiki disagrees with you . 
  it says finland refused to follow german orders and participate in the siege . 
  russia is likely fueling the conflict between far left and far right . 
  the migration wave from africa and me is also being made worse by russian actions in syria . 
  i 'm also suspicious towards the us for continuing to destabilize europe through their actions in syria and the middle east . 
  the soviet archives were opened in the 1990s and that 's when it was discovered to be a fabrication . 
  yeltsin was the one who admitted the ussr had been the aggressor and staged a false flag operation to create a casus belli . 
  denied entry to a family from germany who regrettable were sent back . 
  later traded finnish-russian pows in germany for soviet pows in finland , some of whom happened to be jews . 
  it was not systemic , since no ethnic separation was made in finland and finnish jews fought in the finnish defence forces like everyone else . 
  finland has been recognized by israel as `` righteous of nations '' due to the actions during ww2 . 
  why is it so important to you that details of the attack are covered up ?
