  the problem would be exactly the same at calais whether it was just a ferry link or not . 
  just come back from a month in europe . 
  got to countries i 'd never been to before - the netherlands , belgium , germany , austria and the czech republic . 
  was really interesting , but now i 'm left with the harsh reality of trying to find a decent job in modern britain as a recent graduate . 
  not fun . 
  when has the prc given a shit about looking bad ? 
  tibet springs to mind . 
  my friends think me weird for wanting to live in newcastle , but most of them have never been . 
  i thought it would be shit until i first went about ten years ago and it was pretty legit , and now i 'm looking at doing a postgraduate course at newcastle university next year . 
  if london was n't the top-tier world city that it is i think that that the northern cities would have a much better rep , because most cities pale compared to london in terms of attractions . 
  i do n't know about the itinerary specific stuff , but if you 've decided in advance not to visit any museums then why pick europe over , say , australia or new zealand , which might be a lot more geared to what you 're looking for on your trip ? 
  vienna , in my opinion , is not worth doing if you 're not going to take the time to visit at least one museum . 
  i tend to agree . 
  right up there with massive human tragedies in the present day , the only other news stories that send me on a feels trip involve the vandalism of our natural and cultural heritage . 
  the demolition of part of cyrene in libya by locals for shops , the damage rendered to palmyra and krak des chevaliers amongst many other magnificent sites during the syrian civil war , the wanton destruction of nimrud and other iraqi antiquities . 
  that 's a crime against humanity as much as any genocide is , and it should never be forgiven . 
  top k\u00e9kes . 
  muh states rights !, 
  muh secession !, 
  [ how did i do ? 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/l8lkxxs.png ) i studied geography for my degree and had an american class/flatmate for two years so i really should know all of them , but y' all just make it so gosh darn hard with them there silly ol' states out in the midwest . 
  ckii is a lot more forgiving and quite a bit easier to get into because you 're playing as a character rather than a nation . 
  there are * countless * interesting historical figures to play as in ckii , and you can cook up a fun character if none of those take your fancy , so if you want to play as a jewish irishman ruling over mali then go for it . 
  i love euiv to bits and it 's worth checking out , but definitely try ckii first , 
  i love euiv and ckii , but i 'm several thousand hours in to euiv and am * still * learning ( small ) things about the game . 
  even with the tutorial , i can only describe getting into paradox games as a learning cliff , but it 's so fun once you 've made the climb and there 's a lot that 's shared between them . 
  i 'd recommend watching arumba on youtube if you want to get to grips with either game . 
  i just wanted to express my support and sincere condolences to all of our brothers and sisters in france . 
  a thousand years of history makes us fast friends and i ca n't think of another european nation that we love more than you , despite the jokes . 
  i 'm in shock tonight and mourn for our friends across la manche . 
  stay strong , stay safe , know you are not alone . 
  you stood with us ten years ago on 7/7 and we stand with you now . 
  vive la france . 
  i 'm in tears . 
  nah , the dm has * implied * titties in the sidebar of shame , but never actual nudity . 
  we brits get all over , but the most popular destinations are spain , france , the usa and ireland . 
  the commonwealth countries and southeast asia are also popular , especially australia and thailand , but it depends on what you 're looking for . 
  that is the definition of a lingua franca - a common language that facilitates interaction and trade , not one spoken by everyone everywhere . 
  it 's a simplistic definition because it is a simplistic concept that 's never been completely true . 
  latin and french were not universally known in their time as lingua francas , even amongst the mobile elite of europe , but their usage was wide enough that anyone who needed to travel abroad would have a reasonable command of either language . 
  if you are engaged in commerce , if you are a scientist or an academic of any renown , if you are a keen traveller or if you just want to have a less stressful holiday , english will be the language to learn for the foreseeable future . 
  english is the world 's lingua franca , so are you surprised that language education is poor in the uk ? 
  i do try and learn basic phrases wherever i go , but realistically everyone speaks much better english than i could speak their language without learning it properly . 
  even in new eu entrants like the czech republic i had no problem getting by with english and a couple of czech phrases . 
  learning french is a niche market skill or a hobby , learning english is an economic necessity . 
  that 's the difference . 
  french revolution . 
  terrorism has been present in europe for a very long time , it is not a new problem . 
  a hundred years ago , states were genuinely worried about anarchists and nationalists and they did bomb and kill people to achieve their political objectives . 
  sending the army into northern ireland did n't stop the ira and uvf from killing three thousand people over thirty years . 
  most terrorism in europe is committed by muslim kids radicalised in mosques and online , not foreigners . 
  please tell me more about how deploying armed forces on the streets is going to stop that , rather than community law enforcement . 
  the war against isis is separate from the war at home . 
  one requires soldiers and the other does not , it 's that simple . 
  because local heroes with guns stopped all those mass shootings in the us , right ? 
  so france already not only has a police force but a sizeable gendarmerie , who are effectively a paramilitary force and would presumably be more suitable for this kind of role than a battalion of france 's finest . 
  what possible reason is there for the routine deployment of hardened soldiers on home soil unless you 're in the middle of an actual war against another nation ? 
  the odds of them actually stopping a terrorist attack are minimal at best . 
  french people , be wary of any politician who says they need the army to do the job of the police and security forces . 
  you ushered an era of liberty to europe , do n't let your own leaders try and snuff it out . 
  vytautas stronk best grand duke remove kiev . 
  lower and upper normandy in red were part of a single duchy until the revolution and have many defining features , including a regional language . 
  they are in effect being reunited for the first time in over two centuries , whilst the other regions are mostly being merged into completely new structures without the same cultural similarities . 
  it also really needs to not be a default subreddit . 
  the quality of the sub has declined generally since that happened , and that newfound popularity has made it an appealing target for racist brigading as well . 
  i say old boy , we 're rather bad at that ourselves . 
  stiff upper lip what what toodle-pip . 
  eh , spain is never going to give up it 's claim to gibraltar and ireland did n't stop disputing the british claim of rockall until very recently , but we 've been friendly with both nations regardless . 
  you can have a productive relationship despite disagreements . 
  bear in mind that this report comes from migrationwatch uk , which is a pressure group ( self-described thinktank ) campaigning for massively reduced immigration and that exists solely to provide palatable anti-immigration quotes to the right-wing press . 
  the uk and ireland are not in schengen , instead having a common travel area that only encompasses great britain , ireland and the crown dependencies ( jersey , guernsey , mann ) . 
  there are already uk border controls at calais for the uk and french controls at dover , both with full passport checks . 
  that 's really more of a swiss thing . 
  there are n't * that * many millionaires in the uk if you exclude the nominal millionaires living in parts of the southeast who have seen their house prices shoot up , and there are many more favourable jurisdictions if you 're looking for a tax dodge . 
  [ dclauzel right now . 
  i think they 're more interested in targeting undecideds with this ad than kippers . 
  nothing is going to stop your average ukip voter from voting to leave in the referendum , but concern over prosperity might be enough to sway the centre to stay . 
  i 'm not so sure it will work ; relying on uncertainty and fear led to a narrower-than-desired result in scotland last year and probably the weakened the union unnecessarily . 
  there needs to be a passionate case ** for ** europe made by europhiles at every level , and a relentless debunking of the pseudopolicy and nonsense pumped out by kippers online and in the public domain , rather than stating economic facts . 
  ironically , a one-legged hobo wo n't have much of that . 
  because * any * political video about the uk on youtube is instantly brigaded by kippers , britain first members , cybernats and anarchists . 
  there 's nothing interesting to be said . 
  that 's because legislation in the eu is n't passed in the same manner as in national parliaments . 
  there are frequent clashes over policy , but they 're generally not carried out in public . 
  the commission and parliament work to bring legislation to the table that can be passed by the broadest possible spectrum of european politicians , as without a real government the european institutions lack the specific political agenda of a national government . 
  objections are raised early by commissioners when their nation 's interests are threatened , and addressed before proposals are ever made public or sent to the european parliament . 
  we do n't exercise our influence publicly to kill legislation because that would not only be shockingly incompetent diplomacy , but completely unnecessary when the eu only passes stuff that * we 've already had our say on * in the commission . 
  get out of here with your damned logic and facts !, 
  away with you !, 
  i flew out to kuala lumpur on a malaysian a380 recently and it actually felt more cosy than the 777-200er i took to auckland after that . 
  i think because there are lots of individual cabins on either deck with galleys , toilets and dividers breaking it up , it was much quieter and more private than i had expected . 
  on the 777 i could see from my seat at the back right the way to the front of the cabin , and noise travelled easily . 
  but yeah , the first time i saw it trundling to the gate , it looked so weird and almost incapable of flying !, 
  what a wonderful machine . 
  shipping two hundred people from jfk to lax on a single flight is much more energy efficient and environmentally friendly than having them all drive cars and stay in hotels for three days , even if we assume they got together and carpooled . 
  there also is n't any alternative for transatlantic crossings unless you want to sit around on a cunard liner for a week , which is n't environmentally friendly either . 
  yeah , i love flying even more than actually being on holiday . 
  the whole process from check-in to landing is pretty interesting , and i 'm fascinated by planes both big and small , from a380s to atrs . 
  i 'm struck by a real sense of anticipation and adventure as soon as i step through the terminal doors . 
  the best thing ever is being thrown back into your seat on a big wide-body as it powers up for take off on the runway .
