  not on the continent . 
  visited : 1 . 
  brussels 5 . 
  prague 8 . 
  paris 9 . 
  nuremburg want to visit : 1 . 
  madrid 2 . 
  rome 3 . 
  dublin i do n't include any uk cities here , since it 's my home , but london would make the top three if i did . 
  sorry , not reading things properly anymore . 
  the common travel area guarantees the right to live and work in any part of great britain and ireland for any british or irish citizen . 
  irish citizens effectively are n't considered foreign in the uk and vice versa , and have more rights than other eu citizens in many respects . 
  for example , an irish citizen in the uk can vote in westminster elections and a british citizen in ireland can vote in d\u00e1il elections . 
  all other eu nationals ca n't do this unless they are also naturalised as a british or irish citizen . 
  this agreement is outside of schengen and is not an eu matter . 
  so the day to day relationship between ireland and the uk is unlikely to change very much , although some companies would probably relocate to dublin in the event of a brexit . 
  to be fair , we 've been perfidious albion for at least a couple of centuries . 
  we 're world champs at pissing people off . 
  the thames and rhine joined in the north sea and flowed through the channel , which was then a huge river valley , to meet the somme , seine and various smaller tributaries , and flowed into the atlantic just north of finist\u00e8re . 
  pretty cool stuff !, 
  it 's an official language of ireland , so unlikely , and it would also still be by far the most widely known language at any level in europe , even without the uk . 
  when i went to uni in the midlands with people from all over , the weirdest thing i found was that every part of the country has a different norfolk ( incestuous inbreds ) and wales ( farmyard friends ) . 
  for example , a mate from doncaster had always thought of us kentish as being inbred crazies , which i never really got since we 're hardly out of the way , but eh . 
  i 'm from kent , and as the op said * other * regions i did n't think it was fair for me to include us . 
  but whilst i think we 're pretty great , i think most others would stick us with london . 
  * london : full of bankers , wankers , rude foreigners and uptight arseholes . 
  * scotland : spectacularly unhealthy people with short lives and shorter tempers , and a penchant for deep frying things ; like wearing kilts and playing bagpipes . 
  * northern ireland : fleg ? 
  * wales : sheepshagging farmers and poor miners in choirs . 
  * west country : friendly farmers and bumpkins with adorable accents . 
  * east anglia : elusive , inbred and incestuous fen-dwellers . 
  * west midlands ( birmingham and the surrounding area ) : whiners with the most annoying accent in the english language . 
  * yorkshire : they all walk around with a whippet , shotgun and a flatcap , hunting rabbits and enjoying some time on the moors . 
  they are friendly enough but keep to themselves . 
  * newcastle and sunderland : utterly incomprehensible northmen , but friendly and well-loved all the same . 
  * liverpool : thieving bastards with an aggressive attitude and the second worst accent . 
  the uk has an unemployment rate of about 5.4 % , a large number of job vacancies and is still importing people from eastern europe and further afield because our businesses need more labour , skilled and otherwise , to grow . 
  it 's not exactly hard for most british people to find a job . 
  it 's amusing to read daily mail comments on an immigration topic once in a while and see just how many are posted with a location set in m\u00e1laga . 
  [ you can trust us . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_copenhagen_\\ ( 1807 \\ ) ) [ :\\ ) ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/594/139/224.png ), 
  ** [ perfidy intensifies ] **, 
  i 'm talking about * your * attitude to the story , not mine . 
  tl ; dr : i do n't care about actual statistical truths , only truths informed by my prejudices . 
  the funny thing is that england has an ancient tradition of common law marriage , which has nothing to do with the state or necessarily a church . 
  but now that it 's scary * mooslems * we should fear for our lives . 
  the sami were there long before the swedes . 
  love you , ` murica . 
  ignoring the annexation of sovereign czech territory , the nazi-backed coup and anschluss of austria , the nazi-backed fascist victory in the spanish civil war , the completely unjustifiable invasion of poland , the italian fascist invasion of ethiopia , the japanese invasion of china . 
  all acts of peace and love , right ? 
  yeah , the axis were pacifists and the allies were warmongers . 
  you are beyond delusional . 
  you 're blaming the uk for that ? 
  wow . 
  hang yourself and join your nuremburg idols . 
  and we 'd do it all again to kill a few more nazis like you . 
  your post history reads like mein kampf . 
  so one lawyer , backed up with absolutely nothing but anecdotal evidence , makes broad and unsubstantiated claims about muslims in a right wing rag and you suckers all lap it up ? 
  we have these things called ships that can transport all sorts of things between faraway places , like food . 
  it 's a few days by ship from inverness or stavanger . 
  the faroese wo n't die off if they give up whale hunting . 
  life would be more expensive , but i 'd rather that than kill semi-sentient creatures . 
  commuter town in kent . 
  nowhere near as bad as london , but still bad . 
  i want to live in a city and london is just not viable for the kind of jobs i 'm looking at unless i can find somewhere to stay for free . 
  house prices where i live have soared to the point that i 'm having to ( hopefully ) relocate to newcastle at the other end of england just to live in a flat that is n't a bedsit and still be able to save for a deposit . 
  i do n't mind moving so far away , but it 's not sustainable in the slightest to have a housing market that values such shitty housing stock so highly . 
  maybe you should read the bottom paragraph of my post and then pipe down , mate . 
   do you think it is attractive for others how they are freely roamed by hordes of people from the most violent parts of the world ? 
  stop , the tears . 
  say what ? 
  hordes of people ? 
  have you even been to england ? 
  i 've yet to be mobbed by violent islamists . 
  i seem to recall europe hosting millions of jews , also from the levant , also speaking a semitic language , also looking foreign and also being isolated into ghettos , either of their own free will or state policy . 
  obviously it was a terrible thing to accept them en masse , or for individual european countries to accept them after they were expelled from others , right ? 
  syria is not a distant land , nor is it particularly foreign , having been interacting with europe for millennia . 
  with a french colonial history many syrians speak a either french or english , and until the war it was relatively well developed with a decent skill base . 
  not many syrians left syria unless they were under immediate threat from the regime . 
  a great many of those fleeing are christians , who remain present in syria and iraq after millennia . 
  and at the time of accepting the huguenots , france and england were bitter colonial , trading and military rivals , the english and british monarchies still claimed the french crown , and the calvinist huguenots were considered dangerous heretics on a level not much above a catholic in the eyes of the anglican hierarchy . 
  an anglican englishman would have felt about as much kinship with a calvinist frenchman as they would a fish . 
  it 's more than a little hypocritical to say that whilst millions of czechs , poles , romanians , bulgarians , slovakians , etc. 
  have abandoned their countries for western europe . 
  i do n't see why britain or france should guarantee czech security with our nuclear weapons , take czech citizens freely so that they can have a better life , and fund the modernisation of czech cities and businesses if you are n't willing to take a relatively small portion of refugees in return . 
  firstly , i 'm not a leftie , i 'm a liberal . 
  i 'm in the centre . 
  since when was it left-wing to offer sanctuary to people fearing for their lives ? 
  i thought it was just a human thing , maybe i was mistaken . 
  just taking my own country into account , we accepted 50,000 huguenots after the edict of nantes was revoked , and that 's something all brits of all political persuasions can be immensely proud of . 
  we should be proud to do the same here as europeans . 
  and as someone who apparently , in your doubtless inestimable magnificence and wisdom , lacks foresight , please enlighten me as to the future you see if we accept refugees in europe ? 
  did we collapse after accepting yugoslavians fleeing for their lives in the nineties ? 
  we 're all still here despite an influx of similar magnitude and under similar circumstances , because as refugees most of them * did n't want to leave * and most of them will leave the eu when syria is returned to normal to return to their homes . 
  the population bomb has already happened and nothing we can do is going to stop it . 
  short of nuking africa and east asia , there is no way to bring the predicted population below nine billion by 2050 . 
  we simply have to react to it and do more with less , as we always have . 
  malthusian theory is bankrupt and so far has proven utterly meaningless in the context of a global society as we improve efficiency and productivity with every generation . 
  weak , bullshit excuses . 
  we are not talking about twenty , thirty , forty or a hundred years down the line when europe 's proportion of the global population and wealth is much smaller than at present , we are talking about * now * , where a few hundred thousand syrians and iraqis are seeking refuge in a super wealthy union of over five hundred * million * people .
