  good night !, 
  australia should now be expelled from the commonwealth . 
  second lisbon earthquake maybe ? 
  the tighter the better !, 
  kid is legitimately good . 
  italy stop being so good . 
  next year we 'll just resort to gchq tapping and changing all the votes to the uk entry . 
  eurovision in a nutshell . 
  i 'm completely fine with submitting to some german arses . 
  free pcp for every eu citizen !, 
  i tried to vote for lithuania but i 'm not sure if anything happened . 
  then i did manage to vote for australia . 
  i tried lithuania again and nothing seemed to happen as i got no confirmation message and it just hung up without connecting . 
  ebu conspiracy confirmed ? 
  he fled to austria to start a new life as a mad percussionist in the wake of the establishment of the ~ ~ norsefire ~ ~ conservative regime in the uk following the general election . 
  \\  tfw the interval act is better than literally all the preceding songs . 
  shqiply beautiful . 
  not of soldier . 
  of holidaymaker . 
  kiss the closest member of the same sex and toast someone in irish to maintain the circlejerk safely over the next five minutes !, 
  do n't worry about that mate , she 's probably already packing one . 
  * what a lovely day !, 
  totally forgetting lithuania there mate . 
  she can ride my hood any day etc. 
  do n't leave the children behind . 
  we 'll he 's got the bbc presenter vote there . 
  straya for being the best overall performance or lithuania for being the most heartwarming . 
  unless something great come along it will be one of those two for me . 
  kind of liking latvia despite the abysmal name . 
  good job baltics . 
  your defence is guaranteed for at least the next year . 
  twirling , violins , folk music , shiny suits , fit eastern european birds . 
  anyone playing the drinking game should now call 999 or 112 . 
  she 's begging us ( glorious solvent eu ) to take her ( poor desperate greek ) . 
  she 's singing in front of a huge black hole ( greek finances ) surrounded by the stars of europe . 
  grexit confirmed . 
  we dumped a load of convicts and soldiers in a desert full of poisonous creatures . 
  belgrade 's cake shops must be amazing . 
  quite like lietuva . 
  catchy tune , cute couple . 
  aww bless . 
  not again . 
  come on lads , do n't fuck it up . 
  eesti song sound like a killers track to anyone else ? 
  i would enjoy the israeli entry more if there was a bloke dressed as a giant breakdancing dreidel , but it 's still pretty fun . 
  might vote for them . 
  of course the french song is sad and set to images of utter desolation . 
  images of the homeland always sell well at eurovision . 
  legit light show , austria . 
  \\  tfw funny-talking pig farmers pillage your monasteries and steal your women . 
  can you invade england again , lads ? 
  british humour is famously self-deprecating . 
  i ca n't recall any comedian ever poking fun at how * good * something british was . 
  we love to take the piss . 
  grand !, 
  maybe i 'm being paranoid , but it seems like the uk has given up on foreign policy altogether over the past five years . 
  iraq , afghanistan and libya may have justifiably tainted public opinion against military interventions in faraway lands , but i 'm worried that it 's turned the entire nation inwards , obsessed with minutiae about the national debt and immigration rather than britain 's role in the world , which is now less sure than at any point since the end of wwii . 
  the coalition made it much harder to get a student visa and to stay in the uk after the completion of a degree , and we 've already lost non-eu students studying in our universities as more head home after finishing or just do n't come here at all . 
  our military is on the verge of being too small to be any use in a future conflict . 
  there 's been a definite tension in the uk-us relationship since parliament voted against bombing syria , and the threat of leaving the eu has kept us at arm 's length from our continental partners . 
  it 's a little scary watching an incompetent government rip up some of our most important relationships on both sides of the atlantic for reasons that are n't clear and seem to have paid no dividend whatsoever . 
  help , / r/europe !, 
  what can we do ? 
  what do you think britain 's role should be ? 
  [ rye ] ( http://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/01/3f/36/24/rye-old-town.jpg ) is a beautiful little town . 
  pictures ca n't do it justice , you have to go there and smell the sea air , look over the marsh from the top of the church , have some fish and chips down near the river . 
  great place . 
  you 'll never take rockall from us you bastards !, 
  do n't worry , they are completely irrelevant . 
  ashford is a fairly large town in kent , in the southeastern corner of england . 
  the territory has been inhabited since at least the iron age , and the romans had a small settlement in the north of the present urban area . 
  the modern town was settled by saxons in the 9th century , who were granted the land after having resisted and fled from viking raiders . 
  like most english names , it is quite literal , with the town having been founded next to a * ford * and a copse of * ash * trees . 
  in medieval times the town grew to become a centre of agricultural trade , and there 's a lot of evidence of a major brick or pottery works based on the waste found in the soil . 
  it was probably home to jack cade , who led a short rebellion against the crown during the weak reign of henry vi in the 15th century , and like much of kent , became a protestant stronghold during the reformation . 
  many martyrs from ashford and kent in general died , both before the church of england was founded and when queen mary ascended to the throne . 
  owing to it 's location between london and dover , ashford became a major railway hub , connecting almost all of kent with london and hosting a large railway works that lies derelict today . 
  even today , ashford is one of the stops on the hs1 line between london and the channel tunnel . 
  right , but it 's not a question of right and wrong but of hypocrisy . 
  merkel would have every right to criticise gchq if the bnd had n't been doing the same thing with her knowledge . 
  the uk as well , but really the usa protects europe . 
  my queen , russia has entered into a military coalition against us !, 
  they will find no safety in mere numbers . 
  the thing that a lot of them forget is that the lib dems would still have had to implement some form of fund-raising scheme in education somewhere down the line , like vince cable 's graduate tax , in order to plug the enormous funding black hole of our university system . 
  there was simply no way around it . 
  i will vote lib dem for the foreseeable future , unless they put up a muppet of a candidate wherever i 'm living . 
  i 'm not going to abandon the party when it needs the support of liberal voters the most , and when as a nation we need an actual liberal party more than ever . 
  eh , this has little impact on the brain drain . 
  most educated young africans either stay where they are , migrate to countries like kenya or south africa that are relatively prosperous , or migrate legally to the developed world . 
  if you 've got a degree or a doctorate then you 've already got a ticket to studying or working in the eu . 
  the people crossing on boats are largely refugees from conflicts in the middle east , sahel and horn of africa , and poor unskilled economic migrants from all over africa . 
  i have no problem with taking the former , but we have absolutely no need of the latter . 
  separating the two is the hardest part . 
  literally every time . 
  slugs and snails as well . 
   i believe in democracy , but in europe it seems there 's democracy for some but not for others . 
  democracy is for citizens , and citizens alone . 
  i sympathise deeply with the migrants crossing the mediterranean , but nobody should expect to show up as a refugee and have the right to vote on anything , nor anything but the basic rights and legal protections afforded anyone inside the borders of their host nation . 
  residency is valuable and you 've already been * given it freely * , which is a huge leg up , but true citizenship , and the privileges that are conferred by it , must be earned . 
  plenty of people from all over the world respect that and work hard to earn a european citizenship fairly every year , prove that you can do the same or you do n't deserve to live on the continent .
