  that 's a fair point . 
  however , you could also think about the issue this way : psychological stress is harder to disentangle from the kind of socio-economic position you have , it is something people from all social classes have and it is n't associated with one class disproportionately the way physical stress is . 
  so a better system would be to have a dual-track system . 
  one for physical stress , primarily for blue-collar workers and a second for those with psychological stress , which would draw from all classes . 
  the main issue , then , would be to root out the inevitable cheaters in the second system . 
  you ca n't fake a workplace injury very easily which is physical , but psychological stress can be faked much easier , so it becomes a methodological problem in of itself . 
  hence , my preference for a dual-track system as the physical stress population are not hard to identify and could thus be helped within a short period of a time . 
  the second part of that system is far more complicated and deserves to be treated seperately until a satisfactory solution is found . 
  one should n't hold up the other . 
  i have n't followed the case very closely , but from my initial impressions , the guy comes across as a massive cunt and the romanians have been more than courteous in how they handled the case . 
  journalists are not gods . 
  they should also take responsbility when they fuck up . 
   or perhaps it 's just politically infeasible this is my guess . 
  a lot of white-collar workers will whine . 
  many of them already have a victimhood complex , that they are pulling the weight of the nations etc. 
  to see blue-collar workers retire earlier , even if justified , would cause a lot of outrage . 
  remember that in most advanced countries , the broadly defined middle class is much bigger than the working-class , so favoring the smaller slice of the population over the interests of the bigger is n't going to win you any elections . 
  the problem of democracy , in a nutshell . 
  you 've spent the last three comments trying to defend the honor of your balding , drunkard countrymen with bodies made out of spaghetti . 
  i was just casually remarking that they are a fucking joke on their own , because i 've dealt with them previously in my summer job . 
  this caused untold amount of butthurt , salty denial and outrage . 
  you 've been a hilarious source of amusement to me , but alas , all good things must come to an end . 
  i 've got better things to do than to deal with whiny russian butthurt and wounded national pride . 
  i think the butthurt russian nationalist looks pretty comical to me when i 'm shitting on his countrymen . 
  you 're so salty , bro , no offence . 
  if you seriously think these russian balding drunkards in their 30s and 40s , with bodies made of spaghetti , are any * serious * threat on their own then i 'm literally laughing my ass off at your delusions . 
  never forget , russia stronk !, 
   i think it would make sense for different retirement ages based on work history this is such a basic insight of truth , yet it seems to difficult to implement , if you even hear about it in the debate . 
  i 'm surprised how little its discussed in the first place . 
  it 's puzzling . 
  i 've been hearing the same kinds of scare stories about the turkish economy for the last five years . 
  has n't happened . 
  i 'm not saying it never will , but the argument has to be better than the kinds of buzzwords you throw out . 
  look how quickly your currency and stock market recovered after the coup . 
  everyone was predicting doom then , too . 
  there are some structural problems in the turkish economy , but that 's true for every country . 
  i need better reasons than oneliners to believe that you 'll suddenly crash again . 
  give numbers/stats/graphs or go home . 
  predictable response from butthurt russian  one on one , no question . 
  10 on 1 , no . 
  but that 's why i said they 're massive pussies . 
  big tough guys when they got a group to back 'em up . 
  massive cowards when solo . 
  i 've dealt with that kind of trash before . 
  `` crazy fight '' ? 
  only if you think toddlers bitchslapping each other is total carnage . 
  most of the time these balding drunkards just just ran around in circles , throwing the occassional bottle horribly wrong . 
  i saw a couple of misdirected kicks by people who seemed to be sapped by their own energy far more than energised by any fight . 
  also superhilarious these goons think they are tough ; they 're massive pussies without their 10 mates backing them up . 
  i 've had to deal with a lot of these idiots through my past summerjob . 
  i 'm a pretty big guy and whenever you face these fuckers down when you 're solo with them they squirm like a fucking bitch . 
  pathetic . 
  someone not being able to imagine something today can easily imagine something tomorrow . 
  it was obvious may was trying to buy herself time to get a good negotiating position . 
  after the brexit referendum , a lot of heated rhetoric and raw emotions flared up . 
  may did the right thing to play it cool and let time pass . 
  she knows full well the importance of access to the single market . 
  my guess is that she will try to reform the freedom of movement . 
  that will likely fail , but if she can get very strong ( individual ) safeguards on migration for the uk alone , she will likely accept the rest of the eu 's demands , given that brexit was essentially a vote on immigration . 
  the uk is one of the top 3 economies in europe . 
  as much as we like to pretend otherwise , size does matter . 
  it can and will have far more of a sympathetic hearing than , say , a country like slovakia . 
  it 's pretty good . 
  our employment rate is highest in eu-28 . 
  we 're on track to grow around 3.3 % this year after clocking 4.1 % last year . 
  swedes are the [ most optimistic about their economy in the entire developed world ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2016/08/09/views-on-national-economies-mixed-as-many-countries-continue-to-struggle/ ) . 
  there is n't a lot to complain about in terms of the swedish economy . 
  our main problems are social/cultural , not economical . 
  also unnecessary . 
  i can take the metro for 15 minutes and walk in rinkeby and get the same experience . 
  [ relevant scooter meme ] ( https://youtu.be/42jpuxjpk0w?t=5m53s ), 
  it 's overrated . 
  most migration experts - like kierkegaard at piie - who know far more about it than random redditors are saying the biggest impact was the closing of the balkan route . 
  further , germany 's pull factors are not yet in line with the eu norm . 
  uk takes around 20k asylum applicants per year , whereas germany plans to do 300k per year . 
  even after adjusting for population that is 10x of what uk does . 
  the turkey deal helps only at the margins so long as the pull factors are not dealt with . 
  people will find a new way , like the current increase from libya which is actually higher in h1 of this year than last year . 
   the point of neutrality is n't to convince yourself that you 're indeed neutral , but that you stay credible to those that would gain by doubting it . 
  which is a bit hard to do when you 're at the same table taking common political decisions with half of the biggest military alliance on the planet . 
  very well put . 
  we actually have fairly world-class subs and good airforce technology . 
  for our size , we punch above our weight . 
  our standing army is not big , but we could call up a large section of reserves pretty quickly . 
  at any rate , sweden - or at least our mainland - is never going to be attacked anyway . 
  russia would only really be interested in gotland if they would go for anything , because that helps with primacy in the baltic sea . 
  please replicate yourself . 
  thou art the slayer of ignorance . 
  geography is a blessing . 
  the uk has been mostly spared of invasions for precisely this reason when you look at the last 1000 years compared to , say , most of central europe . 
  sure , there have been attempts but you only need to focus on your navy if you 're an island ( up until airplanes were invented ) . 
  sweden is up in the middle of nowhere . 
  only norway , portugal and iceland have better geography . 
  add to that some calculated cowardice and you get 200 years of peace . 
   i 'm sceptical about getting a member that might potentially become kremlin 's 5th column that ship has already sailed . 
  hungary , italy and greece . 
  do n't worry norrbagge , we may still change our minds about it in the future and decide we should correct our historical error , 
  pirate party . 
  they exist !, 
   people were just mad at the last government for some reason oh , [ you know why ] ( http://www.migrationsverket.se/images/18.5e83388f141c129ba631111f/1471241539462/total_s%c3%b6k.png ) .
