  my whole point was about their * very * generous incentive structure . 
  denmark 's ridiculous tax scheme means buying a tesla is far more expensive in both ppp and nominal terms . 
  the car costs the same everywhere in * gross * terms , but you have to look at the net cost for the end consumer , after all the incentives/taxes , and take living costs into account . 
  after all that is said and done , norway has designed a system which makes it much cheaper than it is in other advanced nations , notably denmark ( but there are others as well ) . 
  the norwegians have also made it cheaper to own an ev . 
  you do n't pay certain taxes while owning it , for instance , so it is n't just about the up-front cost of purchasing which is cheaper , the life cycle ownage cost is also lower . 
  again , done on purpose by the norwegian government . 
  your disposable income is still calculated for ppp . 
  you still have to pay rent , food and other stuff in ppp-terms . 
  which means if your living costs are higher , your net disposible income for imports is * lower * . 
  so it matters . 
  also , here 's the nominal wages : https://i.sli.mg/oyqexh.png they are higher , to be sure , but still lower than the swiss , which have a lower share of ev sales . 
  denmark and australia are not that far behind , yet both have * much * lower share of luxury cars as a percentage of total sales , especially for evs . 
  edit : i should also add that ireland has likely jumped quite a bit to 2016 . 
  they 've had 7.8 % growth last year and will be around 5 % this year . 
  even if you only look at net gni/capita growth , it has been in the excess of 5 % per annum , so the irish wages should be closer to 71-72k this year , yet the same story is there , as in australia/swiss . 
  the point here is that the norwegian success is less to do about money - though it matters - and more about incentives and purposeful design . 
  if they can do it , what excuse do other nordic countries or nations like australia or the swiss have , not to mention america ? 
  people are excusing their own inaction by trying to pretend this is just because of money - it is n't . 
  [ actually , no , it is n't ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_net_take-home_pay ) . 
  it 's rich , but not exceptional . 
  fair point , but it has been done through legal and democratic consent . 
  please remind me where the finnish people decided through the democratic process to empower soo . 
   indians and north east asians are generally the only races that have had any sort of successful contribution to australia , and that 's in part due to their strong family/work ethic conservative values , which diminish after 3 generations . 
  3 generations ? 
  do you have any sources for that ? 
  most have n't even been in the nation for two . 
  if the monopoly of violence fails , then it should be re-inforced , not outsourced . 
   we do a very good job of that here really ? 
  ask latinos about trump . 
  you ca n't write off 45 % of the electorate . 
  my point was that for the most part , your immigration have basically consisted of low-skill latinos but who are culturally very close to western with a higher-in-recent-years high-skilled asians , from primarily buddhist and hindu background . 
  if europe had those immigration demographics , we would n't have a problem either . 
  this is why i chuckle . 
  you take credit for something for which you need not exert any real effort for . 
  i say that because when you look at how other countries in the eu have dealt with similar populations , it is a very similar pattern . 
  the uk comes to mind , but even countries like germany , where the vietnamese are considered a model minority ( sounds familliar ? ) . 
  same in france . 
  we have a small but growing east asian and indian immigrant population here in sweden , too . 
  guess what , no problems . 
  there 's this mythology that america is amazing at integrating people . 
  the thing is , you 're not . 
  you simply have two big oceans which does a lot of work for you . 
  latinos are also culturally christian . 
  if you look at the groups we get a much higher share of , [ your results are not better at all ] ( http://www.startribune.com/somalis-in-minnesota-a-second-chance-to-get-it-right/277667341/ ) . 
  in fact , the somalis you get are disproportinately better educated than those we get . 
  you still fail . 
  so yes , i am chuckling . 
  you confuse demographics of the immigration with integration . 
  america 's record is n't any better than that of other countries when you control for demographics of the immigrants . 
  you misunderstand . 
  it is about the proportion of total sales , at 25 % , which is still majority telsa iirc . 
  do n't forget these are luxury vehicles . 
  norway may be rich , but it is n't * that * rich . 
  yes , but that is even worse than you make it sound . 
  black people actually have a higher share of native-born as a percentage of their population than whites in america . 
  if 300 years ca n't secure racial peace , then what can ? 
  and note both groups are overwhelmingly christian in cultural/religious background . 
  imagine if you had a religious split on top of it , too . 
  that 's why i always chuckle when i hear about supposed american competence in assimilation . 
  it 's fiction . 
   us is also in a class of its own when it comes to internet surveillance good point , but i wonder which eu nation is the most free in the eu , aside iceland ? 
  i do n't have the exact figures in my head , but i know that the number has been declining . 
  it 's still a shockingly high figure , because norway 's ev incentives are very generous , plus their real incomes is far above even yours . 
  in a way it 's logical that norway was a pioneer , because the old snark from ice veterans that evs are for rich people or golfers was hurtful because it was mostly true in the past . 
  now we 're seeing rapid cost reductions in battery cost . 
  even vw is planning a golf with 200 + km of range [ by next year ] ( http://cleantechnica.com/2016/05/26/2017-vw-e-golf-rumored-get-boost-200-kilometers-range/ ) . 
  of course , we have the model 3 which is 300 + km in range by next year . 
  by 2020 we should see 400-500 km range cars . 
  more importantly , we should see a much bigger infrastructure rollout , and not just for tesla . 
  the dutch [ fastned ] ( http://cleantechnica.com/2016/05/26/fastned-brings-e3-07-million-5-weeks-nxchange/ ) is expanding fast across europe . 
  the german automakers have also finally started to understand this issue , and they are planning to rollout a common standard ( with tesla ) in the coming years . 
  the biggest two worries right now are range and charging . 
  both of those will largely be solved within the next 4-5 years , perhaps sooner . 
  indeed . 
  norway has 25 % of new car sales being evs already . 
  it has plans to go to 100 % of new car sales by 2025 . 
  norway is obviously a pioneer , but if we could go to 100 % by 2030 ( which is certainly doable , considering that we will reach mainstream price levels at 300 + km range by 2020 or even earlier ) , it would have massive impact on our import bill , it would do wonders for our energy security and cut down our current account deficit . 
  the climate benefits would also be enormous . 
  even the now-suffering utilities would be happy , because electricity rates would grow again . 
  i would just hope that europe would n't bungle it and extend coal far past the date it should die . 
  china is betting the whole farm on evs . 
  it understood that it came too late to the ice ( internal combustion engine ) party . 
  if europe does n't act , the car industry will be much more chinese than european by 2040 . 
  in sweden , saab has already gotten an investment of 10 billion usd from a chinese firm to develop evs . 
  psa seems to be doing well . 
  it is really the germans who are lagging behind , in a sense , victims of their own success . 
  it is easier for smaller players like saab or also-rans like psa to reboot for a new era , because they have fewer positions to defend . 
  i view two factors as important . 
  economics and culture . 
  culture is a relatively broad term , which includes ethnic culture but also religious culture . 
  for instance , pakistan and india both have a similar ethnic culture , at least northern indians and pakistanis , but their religious culture is different . 
  by contrast , muslims like iranians and ( some ) arab iraqis have the same shia islamic religion . 
  yet their adaptibiltiy in western society has been markedly different , something which can not be explained by just looking at religion . 
  then we have economics , which is easier to control for . 
  this basically means letting in people who are either already educated , or have a high potential to get educated . 
  australia , for instance , often gains citizens by its study program . 
  it costs a fortune ( so it is controlling for family wealth , i.e. 
  socio-economic success , meaning high intelligence ) to enter . 
  secondly , you still need to finish the program .
