  no , that 's not what i said . 
  i said that finland was not the first with this kind of method . 
  see the headline : `` pioneering '' . 
  i noted that china did it before . 
  i 've also never said that finland ca n't use evidence-based policy . 
  i 've made a distinction between that and useage of the term ` scientific ' , which has additional rigor implied in its terminology . 
  evidence is a looser term , often used in these contexts to give an imprimateur of rigor which is often missing . 
  just because you learn from examples does n't mean that they are reproducable in other settings . 
  i do n't think these things would be hard to understand and separate . 
  we are never going to have an army if we ca n't agree to a fiscal/political union . 
  war and peace is the apex of a state 's responsibilities . 
  having an alliance like nato is not the same thing . 
  we 're talking fully integrated armed forces that act and move as one , at all times . 
  i support it 100 % , but i wish that europe gets to the root of the issue first , before jumping to natural progressions that grow from that . 
  that seems about right . 
  food prices in sweden are extremely high . 
  it is something every swede who travels in europe remarks upon once we get back home . 
  i 'm surprised that germany did not score lower ( as in better ) , though . 
  i 've read so much about their ultra-competitive retail sector ( aldi , lidl etc all come from germany , after all ) and how it has transformed uk shopping , especially food prices . 
  they are still doing pretty good but i was expecting them to beat spain and most certainly the nl . 
  the real source is this page : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/comparative_price_levels_for_food,_beverages_and_tobacco cbs basically rewrote it and shortened it in dutch . 
  just pointing it out for those who want a ) an english source and b ) more detail . 
  i can think of three reasons for this . 
  plain ignorance . 
  it needs no more explanation . 
  the conflation of brown with muslim , or middle eastern and muslim . 
  in sweden , we have a massive amount of christian middle easterners who escaped their home countries due to persecution . 
  many of them get confused as muslims all the time , especially the men . 
  concentration . 
  the vast majority of the muslim population in most countries is very concentrated in a few places . 
  think about belgium . 
  it has 6 % muslims but brussels and antwerp and similar cities have 25 + % muslims . 
  so whenever you see muslim immigrants in those countries , there are a * lot * of them at the same time . 
  add in the fact that non-muslim middle easterners and non-white migrants also tend to live in these places , which adds to the perception . 
   scientific method social science has too many variables we can not control for . 
  a genuinely scientific experiment should be able to be reproduced by others in a controlled environment , which is naturally impossible for a country like estonia if it is to learn from a chinese experience . 
  but even if you look at `` country comparable '' nations , similar population , gdp per capita etc , you still have a mind-numbing amount of variables you ca n't control for . 
  just take the issue of time . 
  industrial policy in the 1960s was different than it is today . 
  korea basically shut off all foreign actors in its car industry and created its own . 
  that was possible because globalisation did not really hit . 
  tariffs were generally very high already . 
  today , even the car industry in isolationist nations like japan and korea are much more dispersed , it is simply uncompetitive to do it all within the nation . 
  most car companies only really do two things : the engine and the drivetrain . 
  most of the rest of the stuff ( seats , eletronics , final assembly etc ) is often outsourced . 
  that is a change from the past when companies like ford or gm had all their production within a single state or nation.so if a developing nation like the philippines wanted a strong domestic car industry today with its own companies that were competitive world wide , it ca n't really rely on past experiences because all the fundamentals have changed so much . 
  so time matters . 
  i can still reproduce mendel 's experiments with his peas on genetics , even several centuries after the fact . 
  it is for these reasons why economics to this day is so terrible at predicting recessions . 
  it 's why gdp growth figures can be revised up or down pretty wildly even several years after the fact . 
  that is why i am throwing cold water on this hype . 
  i 'm not saying there are smarter ways to conduct policy , i 'm just warning you to be unholster your revolver whenever you hear someone talk about `` scientific '' in the same context as economics/politics . 
  i was talking specifically about brexiters , not brits in general . 
  however , if the british public choose to leave the eu after a long demonisation campaign spearheaded by the brexit camp , then we have to be honest and conclude that a large share of the british public approves of said smear campaign . 
  that is why i said , why are brexiters acting like they are suprised/shocked/appalled that the receivers of their abuse start saying , fuck you too then ? 
  this does n't require a phd in diplomatic history . 
  i repeat , if you treat others like shit , if you consistently insult them , do n't run to me and complain how the people who were insulted treated you badly in return . 
  it is this genuine surprise from brexiters which i find so hilarious . 
  that 's why i said it is an entitlement complex . 
  we can insult whoever , but if people talk back , if they do anything in return , all of a sudden we are a victim of an eu conspiracy . 
  get your head out of the sand , m8 . 
  look for a moment what the brexit people are saying , they are saying some pretty fucking vile things . 
  that you demand that the rest of the eu should just sit still and take it , is the outrage here . 
  the rest of the eu has no such obligation nor should it . 
   weird how you choose to use language like that do you even listen to the brexit people ? 
  they use terms like `` shackled to a corpse '' . 
  is wilful denial of reality your best defence ? 
   being in a political union , the uk should be gratful for that ? 
  the uk should act towards its fellow european members with respect . 
  that * includes * if it wishes to leave the eu . 
  one can make a pro-brexit case without degenerating into demonisation of europe . 
  the brexit camp has chosen the path of the lowest common denominator . 
  now it is shocked , shocked i tell you , that the receivers of said insults are saying fuck you back . 
  you are still shocked judging by your surprised tone , which is actually hilarious and indicative of the entitlement complex i previously told you about . 
   again this language mommy , he haz hurt me feelingz . 
   do you think i 'm a brexiter ? 
  the only thing worse than your arguments is your failure to conceal your political leanings . 
  i 'm not really sure what you are railing against , except the eu as usual . 
  the eu has no obligation to help a spiteful and ungrateful former member . 
  if you act like shit , you 'll be treated like shit . 
  did n't your mom teach you the golden rule ? 
  brexiters are not strong on logic . 
  20k asylum seekers will cause a headache at best for the uk , it will not even be nearly as problematic as a self-imposed recession . 
  also , considering how much the uk has been shitting on france in verbal attacks across the political spectrum , why should france help the ungrateful ? 
  i doubt you 'd be running to help the french if they constantly described the uk as a failed state , as a corpse etc. 
  if that is what you put out , you ca n't be surprised people will not be gluttons for punishment in return . 
  the entitlement complex you carry is astounding . 
   those much vaunted economies ( `` polish economic miracle , '' `` baltic tigers , '' etc ) would look much different without the huge capital transfers implicit in eu structural funds . 
  this is a really ignorant argument , for several reasons . 
  it ignored 45 years of communism . 
  poland today would have been much richer if it had been liberated with the rest of western europe from the soviets . 
  instead it was placed into an economically disastrous marxist system . 
  it ignores that west germany and other european countries benefitted enormously from the marshall plan . 
  it ignores how east asian nations like south korea also got massive u.s. funding and support , plus military protection ( even to this day ) , so it could devote far less resources on its military and focus on development . 
  the same is true of taiwan . 
  those eu funds did n't begin in larger quantities until the mid-2000s for most of those states . 
  how do you explain poland 's economic performance [ up to that point ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/graphs/2014-10-06_poland_success_story_en.htm ) ? 
  certainly a lot better than ukraine , russia or romania . 
  the same is true for the baltics . 
  had poland and the baltics got what korea got at the same point in time , i would n't have been surprised if they were richer than italy today .
