  yet he spoke up and did so intelligently for what would essentially be an australian approach ( border protection at home , take only genuine refugees from the camps ) . 
  he could have said nothing , since the uk would have been unaffected by and large . 
   if for some reason our island was located near cyprus or something cameron would have been saying the same shit as every other politician that had to deal with an influx of refugees : let 's share them . 
  not necessarily . 
  hungary had more asylum seekers per capita last year than even sweden , yet it accepted almost none of those requests . 
  even more importantly to my point , it focused on border protection over sharing . 
  they outright rejected sharing . 
  so the bottomline is that geography is not a determinant of good policy , but it * can * be a bulwark against bad policy . 
  the uk has had a combination of both in terms of migration policy . 
  the vast majority of the people you can control are skilled migrants or students . 
  thanks to op for giving me a new fun sub to explore :d, 
  skylines are overrated . 
  cities like paris that have placed restrictions on height are doing it the right way , at least if they have beautiful buildings to showcase . 
  ( yes , i 'm aware of la def\u00e9nse , but it is a sectioned off district ) . 
  i 'm not even going to pretend that this is anything but a massive shitpost . 
  we need more threads about moldova . 
  between 1991 and 2008 , over 400,000 women were sold into sexual slavery . 
  this in a country which had 1,85 million women in 1991 . 
  think about that , and now try to make an estimate what the respective figure would be in the uk or in germany . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_moldova#human_trafficking ) . 
  this is a country which needs all the help it can get , and if i have to hijack a thread about winery , so be it . 
  i do n't mind people being biased per se , i think absolute objectivity is a fiction . 
  what i am saying is , even if you have your biases , allow counter-vailing opinions to be heard and seen in the paper . 
  they do n't have to take up equal space , but readers should be aware of them . 
  also , there is n't anything inherently liberal about pushing for non-stop western military interventions , that is militarist idiocy , end of story . 
  the economist ca n't blame its ideological bent there for their massive fuck-ups ( and their refusals to admit that they were wrong and learn something for once ) . 
  also , the economist markets itself as a general affairs magazine . 
  it may have an ideological slant , but that slant should * inform * its coverage , not enslave it . 
  therein lies the difference . 
  good , but it 'd be awesome if we could move from being reactive to pro-active . 
  we still need a fiscal union . 
  if we ca n't get one , liquidate the euro because a monetary union without a fiscal union is a deflationary debt trap , as southern europe has found out . 
  where is our common army ? 
  when will sweden finally win a euro championship ? 
  there are too many questions and too few answers . 
  i 'm glad you brought it up . 
  it is beyond just french/british rivalry , it is about how france 's economic model simply can not be allowed to be portrayed good in any shape or form , at all , because it would be a threat to the economists ' ideological agenda . 
  that 's why i said i stopped taking them seriously . 
  their ideological bias means anything they write on military/foreign affairs and economics is shot through with blatant propaganda . 
  they still can write intelligently on more `` neutral '' topics like asian diplomacy or whatnot , but if you ca n't write about huge topics like war or economics without coming across as less tolerant of other viewpoints than a stalinist , then frankly , you do n't deserve to get any serious respect . 
  there 's a lot of knee-jerk bootlicking of the economist by people who may be smart but have zero critical thinking skills . 
  you can agree with the economist on their views , but still understand that offering space to other viewpoints is fundamental if you are to be a genuine high quality publication . 
  else you 're just a rag , a well-written one , but still just a rag . 
   brexit  disaster pls, 
  britain spends 0.3 % of its gni on the eu budget . 
  of that , only 1/3rd is spent on other eu nations ( mainly in the east ) . 
  so you 're sending , net 0.1 % of your gni to other eu nations . 
  i know facts are uncomfortable for brexiteers , but please stop this deranged victimhood syndrome . 
  it 's delusional and stupid . 
   the economist is a pretty high quality newspaper if you are competing against the sun or the daily star , it is n't hard to win anything . 
  imho , the economist 's biggest problem is its ideological inertia . 
  their non-stop cheerleading for western intervention anywhere and everywhere is one big reason why i stopped taking them seriously . 
  you can write as nicely as you want , but if the end result is still a claptrap article about how the west needs to invade xyz country , it still makes you garbage . 
  depends which topic . 
  any article on a dispute between nations turns into a shitfest faster than five . 
  look at any article on ukraine or the scs . 
  more technocratic articles , whether on science or economics or whatnot can contain the occasional interesting comment chain . 
  you have to choose , just like the subreddits on this site . 
  he 's mine . 
  #stop shouting !, 
  most of the toxicity towards immigration has been against precisely the people you mentioned , though . 
  the reason for that is quite simple : talking about too high non-eu migration is a big taboo in the uk . 
  the corollary point to this is that most of the brexiteers who talk more about moving into closer union with the commonwealth seem to be delusionally forgetting/misunderstanding that the wealthy commonwealth countries would n't see a lot of people immigrate to britain . 
  the uk is already poorer than canada and australia , for instance . 
  it would be mostly pakistanis , zimbabweans , bangladeshis and the like . 
  that 's what a pro-commonwealth outlook would look like in actuality . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that , but when i read what brexiteers write , they seem to be confusing the rich anglosphere with the commonwealth , in the sense that they keep conveniently forget which kinds of countries make up the absolute majority of the commonwealth . 
  also , the rich anglosphere would never prioritise a small country in north-western europe with a massive trade deficit with non-eu nations over the dynamism of asia-pacific , but this is yet another uncomfortable fact . 
  i 've seen that theory thrown around a lot . 
  i 'm skeptical for several reasons . 
  if you look at what those conclusions are drawn on , it 's often on the scottish referendum and the ge last year . 
  for me , the bias was n't so much status quo than * conservative * bias . 
  the phrase `` shy tories '' come to mind . 
  if you think back to the scottish referendum , the nationalist side had all the wind in its sails . 
  people who were pro-uk were shouted down as traitors or worse . 
  they were typically more conservative types ( not to be confused with members of the conservative party ) . 
  in the ge , all the wind in the sail was for labour . 
  online polls had miliband winning . 
  turns out the polls miscounted conservative voters again . 
  in this referendum , leavers have been smeared as xenophobes , little englanders and racist bigots . 
  in such a media environment , coming out as pro-leave is not going to be very attractive . 
  this is also the case in metropolitan areas or in universities . 
  it 's not unusual to hear some remainers say `` i have n't met a single leaver '' . 
  that is probably not true , but is a reflection of the mood that i mentioned . 
  so given these realities , i expect there to be undercounting of leavers in polls . 
  probably not more than 1 % or so , but that could make the difference . 
  of course , i could be totally wrong , and while i am pro-remain , the past two major voting events in the uk had a pro-liberal/socialist bias ( the snp is basically to the left of labour ) in the polls . 
  leavers are predominantly tories , ukippers and so-called `` blue labour '' types , basically socially conservative white working class voters . 
  the last group especially is often less likely to vote but if they come out in big numbers , it would most likely swing the election . 
  remember that in many polls , the pollsters make guesstimates over how the voting population will look like before they start calling people . 
  it 's why american pollsters often use public registers of `` likely voters '' because when 50-70 % of the country votes , looking at all people is less useful than to look at likely voters . 
  that 's also why the british pollsters have gotten in wrong , because their samples often is overrepresented by young and left-leaning people , who are more likely to respond to surveys and test groups . 
  older and more conservative voters , poorer voters like the white working class voters , are less likely and thus get undercounted in polls . 
  i 'm not saying i would be doing a better job , but i am saying this in caution . 
  looking at basic economic facts = / = living in a bubble . 
  that is why gove has demonised so-called ` experts ' , because all them have basically laughed him out of the room on his statements . 
  calling them nazis does n't make facts become unfacts , it only makes you look pathetic . 
  no , it does not , but it would be silly to deny that it would n't be a big blow to the eu . 
  the uk has been a strong voice for more free market reforms and competitiveness . 
  cameron was the single major eu leader who spoke in sane terms during the big migration crisis last year ( too bad he followed that up by spending zero political capital to actually influence policy ) .
