  germany and some northern european economies still have a too generous regime . 
  sweden has taken its responsibility and we are now on the eu legal minimum . 
  deportation . 
  for many , since it is so hard to get deported without endless trails and/or `` human rights council '' , it is simply worth coming illegally and never registring for asylum in the first place . 
  theresa may had issues with this second issue in particular , as the european court of justice slowed down various deportations she had ordered as home minister . 
  in this case , however , most of the courts are domestic , not eu-level , but the effect is the same . 
  once those two are fixed , border control becomes an afterthought . 
  believe it or not , the people who come are rational human beings . 
  they make risk/reward calculations . 
  as long as the risks of deportation are fairly small and the chances for asylum are decent , the calculation is worth it . 
  the moment it is n't , the numbers will dry up . 
  it is n't harder than that . 
  you do n't need to overtly militarise the border . 
   and exactly what will you do ? 
  it is n't that hard , actually . 
  europe has mostly been focused on push factors but far less attention has been given to pull factors . 
  for instance , uk takes 20k refugees per year . 
  germany is aiming at 300k per annum over the coming years . 
  even with the recent ` tightening ' , that is still a very loose/generous regime . 
  people will come as long as they have a decent chance to get asylum . 
  it is n't harder than that . 
  but we 're taking a * veeeery * long-about way of discovering that . 
  dude . 
  he was being sarcastic , 
  can we just clone you ? 
  the discussions on / r/europe would be a lot better if you multiplied , rapidly . 
  as if he is an expert . 
  he defines `` opposition '' as his team , the kemalists . 
  there are more oppositional forces in turkey than just chp , and not all of them are elected , as the purge shows . 
  he is blinded by his ideology . 
   turkey plays with the eu . 
  eu allows itself to be played . 
  turkey is n't doing any amazing stuff here . 
  the eu is just pathetically weak and feeble . 
  they keep trying the appeasement method . 
  they should look up einstein 's definition of insanity . 
  take a walk and get some exercise instead of getting a bad posture and spamming the board . 
   jews are n't really given preferential status lol, 
  [ hi ] ( http://www.dailysabah.com/columns/yahya_bostan/2016/06/27/turkey-israel-qatar-saudi-arabia-a-new-alliance-of-stability-in-the-middle-east ) . 
   acting against the unity of the state do you always copy/paste the pr releases from the turkish government ? 
  * try * not to get more biased towards erdogan . 
   odinsbeard please stay . 
  there is no `` reverse '' racism , there is only racism . 
  i would . 
  given that europe has decided to coddle turkey endlessly , i do n't see why they would n't . 
  weakness invites aggression . 
  his freakout over armenia was genuine . 
  he shared that freakout with most of the turkish society and press . 
  it was a regular occurance to see today 's germany being compared to nazi germany on the front pages . 
   he 's a politician authoritarian and wannabe dictator . 
  nice attempt at whitewash , though . 
   china you 're fairly delusional if you think china gives a hoot about you , no offence . 
  you have no oil . 
  they are busy in the ecs and scs for the coming decades . 
  on * top * of that , your regime is supporting the uighur separatist movement and even house some of their leaders . 
   so we might opt to pay the price of turkey to to the east what cards do turkey have ? 
  india/china are not interested in them . 
  both of them are busy in central/south asia as well as the ecs and the scs for china . 
  they give * fuck all * about a non-oil muslim state in west asia . 
  china in particular is irked by erdogan 's pro-uighur stance . 
  so its only really russia left . 
  turkey would then move from being a subordinate of overwhelmingly christian nato to christian orthodox russia . 
  leader of the muslim world , indeed . 
  it is n't going to happen because the turkish military establishment knows that russia is a downgrade from nato . 
  erdogan is powerful , but he is n't * that * powerful . 
  this is n't a secular/non-secular divide . 
  if erdogan truly encouraged a move away from nato in action , not just this cheap bootlicking of putin , he would be dealt with . 
  turkey 's geostrategic position would deterioate significantly outside of nato . 
  russia is a weak state with a stagnating/declining economy . 
  what gains ? 
  russia 's entire middle eastern policy is diametrically opposite of what turkey has been pursuing . 
  turkey will only be allowed to ally with russia if it becomes its poodle and adopts russia 's positions . 
  russia is n't going to snuggle up to a pro-islamist turkey . 
  erdogan 's asslicking of putin is cheap . 
  concrete steps will need to be taken and that means jettisoning turkey 's entire current policy , and align with russia . 
  that would in essence to admit that they became russia 's puppet . 
  furthermore , i highly doubt there is any appetite to fight alongside russia against a nato army in europe if they are cut-off . 
  you 're fairly delusional if you think turkey is upgrading by moving from nato to russia . 
  they are trying to play both sides , that is all . 
  both russia and nato know that turkey has limited options . 
   turkey  solid nato, 
  the problem with most of the people here is that they are mostly kemalists . 
  so they define `` opposition '' as `` our team '' . 
  but opposition to islamism can come from other islamists , which is what the coup was about . 
  but since w4hammer and other seculars do n't understand that , as long as the chp crowd are untouched then apparently all opposition is untouched . 
  but that is n't true/accurate . 
  nobody in sweden was talking about isis when it came to light that he stabbed two people in ikea . 
  this was before the wave of terror attacks which started in earest in paris . 
  so i have no idea/clue why you are using that example . 
  it was never even under serious discussion for any prolonged time . 
  the main discussion was basically `` did he do it because he was mentally ill or because he was racist '' . 
  he confessed in the police interrigation that he stabbed the family because they looked swedish , i.e. 
  white , so it was a racist hatecrime , but this was * extremely * uncomfortable for many on the left to acknowledge ( because white people ca n't be victims of racism , as we all know ) . 
  i also think it is important not to paint people who choose violence and jihad powerless - and appearing as if they were without agency . 
  `` oh , if only they were good at sports '' . 
  he had every chance to turn his life around . 
  he grew up one of the wealthiest countries in the world . 
  in a marginalised community , yes , but even the poor in belgium are 10x better off than the median in a place like india . 
  truth is , a lot of very unexceptional people in this world grow up in very rough environments with little future prospects . 
  the vast majority of them nevertheless lead honest and hard-working lives .
