  the uk is now re-orienting its political map and this will take a lot of time , because old habits die hard . 
  there have also been reform calls within labour to listen to these white working class voters , people like maurice glasman or jon cruddas with their ` blue labour ' project but while they had ( some ) traction under miliband , corbyn essentially isolated them . 
  it 's part of the reason why he did n't connect with these voters in the remain campaign , his base is the metropolitan progressive base , often younger voters . 
  immigration restrictionism is the third rail among this group . 
  ( non-brit , but i think that 's a fair overview ) . 
   left their respective parties and formed a new , centrist party together . 
  it 's called the lib dems , too bad its run by utterly incompetent people who are seen by everyone as easy pushovers . 
   there is little to no evidence for that in the leaks https://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/oct/18/prospect-ttip-deal-undermining-eu-food-standards-gmos http://www.foeeurope.org/sites/default/files/briefing_ttip_food_safety_feb2015.pdf  not really . 
  look at trade barriers and tariffs between eu and us on the wto website and come back when you 're more informed . 
  the leftover blairite/brownite establishment never saw his win as legitimate . 
  using brexit as a pretext gives them the cover to do the coup they have dreamt of from the moment he got elected . 
  but the underlying point you raise is of course not going anywhere : who exactly would replace him ? 
  would the base forgive such a palace coup and a neoliberal replacement ? 
  i for one would n't mind seeing labour split in half . 
  a neoliberal , technocratic , metropolitan version and a more bennite old labour type of party on the other . 
  the big question would then be on immigration . 
  those who would be more bennite-inclined but are pro-immigration would probably need a third party , since their economic views are too different from the neoliberals and their immigration views are too starkly diverged from the white working class base in middle england . 
  the big unknown is ukip . 
  if it re-orients its economic views more towards the left , it could fulfull that role for middle england even more , but as long as an ex-city of london type as farage sits at the helm , i view that as unlikely , if not impossible . 
  key q is if rest of eu would accept waiting that long ? 
  we are already hearing calls from the foreign ministers of france and germany that eu needs to accelerate article 50 regardless of the october tory convention so as to , in their words , `` not being held hostage to internal uk politics '' . 
  pushing a new election to january would prolong this even further . 
  the big question is whether the eu has the legal powers to force an article 50 against the consent of the hmg . 
  option 2 would be if it `` heavily nudges '' cameron to declare one anyway , against his explicit words . 
  but if he refuses anyway , then it could be in a limbo . 
   ttip  actually benefiting trade your poor soul , 
  trade negotiations are not nuclear secrets . 
  if you ca n't sell the innards of any deal to the general public and want to push past it with minimal time for reading , then you should re-consider your approach . 
  just because it is a common approach does n't make it the * right * approach . 
  plus , you never adressed the issue that most eu/us trade barriers are already very low so the incremental benefits are extremely minor . 
  most of the ttip was , as i said , just lowering eu standards ( labour laws , environmental laws , food safety laws etc ) for us corporations . 
  funny how you sidestepped that . 
  i 'm speaking very selfishly here , but i would not mind seeing a podemos/socialist spain . 
  we 've had too much ordoliberal-led austerity in europe . 
  spain has issues , but it is now clear its issues are managable , unlike that of italy who was already stagnating many years before the 2008 crisis . 
  i had hoped france would be a counter-weight to germany , but alas , hollande proved to be utterly ineffectual . 
  sweden has a social democratic government on paper but in reality we 've always been mini germany and whatever our german cousins think or say , we blindly follow , just like the austrians . 
  i 'm aware that the chance of chaos rises with this election , but spain is also not greece in terms of political dysfunction . 
  belgium did not have a government for two full years after the crisis , and it managed to get its act together . 
  above all , we need a strong voice for change in the eu . 
  the v4 are keeping germany 's worst impulses ( and ours ) in check on border control . 
  but nobody is keeping the austerity doctrine down , and hopefully a socialist government in spain with decent mandate would change that . 
  europe needs fiscal union asap and it needs to abandon the sch\u00e4uble disaster of internal devaluation . 
  of course the major risk would be that spain would instantly be consumed by a possible independence vote in catalonia and thus retreat from the eu stage . 
  i do n't mind . 
  ttip was a giant mess in the first place . 
  everything held secret , most barriers between us/eu are already gone . 
  most of the stuff was about lowering eu standards for us corporations . 
  good riddance . 
  snap election when ? 
  yep . 
  things are now moving so fast , it 's silly to make predictions even more than 1 year ahead . 
  corbyn is facing a no-confidence vote in the coming days . 
  we could see two new major political leaders in the uk within the next few months and then a snap election immediately after . 
  whoever would win such a snap election would significantly influence the negotiations and as such , the entire situation would fundamentally change . 
  to make any definitive statements at this point is foolhardy at best . 
  people buy the new yorker because of its writing , not its cartoons . 
  i was making an aesthetic point about seeing more well-crafted handdrawn covers . 
  i do n't think it is a major economic issue for magazines , it 's more a question of taste of the editors/publishers . 
  how could an editor know that the reader likes a certain aesthetic just by sales figures ? 
  it is impossible . 
  that 's why it 's stupid to think i could influence any style decision by an anonymous buying decision . 
  it would have to come from the people running the magazine . 
  i was simply making an off-hand comment about my own personal preferences for handdrawn covers . 
  it would be silly - and yes , daft - to draw that inference into an economic decision . 
  if a magazine does international coverage then it is reasonable to expect it should be better than conventional wisdom repackaged in better prose . 
  if it only did ny-related news , it would be different . 
   i 'm a bosnian-american you live in bosnia , now , i assume ? 
  ( looking at flair ) . 
  if so , what made you come back and when did you move ? 
  so the big three refugee destination countries , sweden , austria and germany , were the same then as is now . 
  the big difference is how many the hungarians took . 
  and hungary took in even more per capita than you . 
  game over !, 
   i 'm not sure it 's ever attempted to be anything else therein lies the problem . 
  too parochial of the beltway media . 
  it 's written a lot better than most of them , but it does n't have the same internationalist ambition that older magazines had ( like time during its peak in the 1960s-1980s ) . 
  that 's probably more a general critique of the american media , though , but new yorker is part of that culture . 
  i personally think der spiegel does better international writing , for instance . 
  some of the asian english-language magazines are also better , and not just because they cover more places outside the west , their coverage of the western issues also tend to be a bit more coolheaded/less one-sided to one particular view . 
  this is especially on issues like western internvention , where the new yorker has not exactly been great . 
  it supported the iraq war for instance . 
  its literature writing is also bested by the lrb and the nrb . 
  i find it a decent magazine but not exceptional , as i said . 
  what kind of question is that ? 
  his rant against van rompoy was pretty amusing . 
  still not worth it , though . 
  i 'm not talking about classes , but demographics . 
  you keep insisting looking at the data is somehow communism . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  you have presented no data whatsoever except wishful thinking . 
  i never said i wanted to restrict all ee workers , which is what you keep pretending it was . 
  a nation like czechia which for instance does not suffer from massive brain drain would n't be affected , ditto estonia . 
  it would only be put in place in nations which had a massive population decline . 
  this simple fact has taken you god-knows-how-many comments to get around to and you still do n't get it . 
  you still pretend as if i want to make some kind of massive border wall to all ee nations or whatever . 
  that 's why i said , read better next time , it helps . 
  try the frontpage of this sub . 
  brexit : we lose scotland , pay as much as before , get no rebates and still have the old system . 
  oh and we get years of economic uncertainty .
