  trying to make people accept the status quo by trying to fool them that there is no choice is a fool 's errand , because it is n't true and this entire `` oconversation '' has shown that . 
  every nation has a choice to a very large extent to admit very many , or very few . 
  you should come clean with the fact that you are comfortable with a high level of refugee migrations , at the outset of this kind of discussion . 
   if you think that she did n't act early enough , just say it that 's the whole point of the comment . 
   think of it this way : if your inflation rate goes up and you do n't move your interest rate , then even if your nominal interest rate stays the same , your effective interest rate is becoming more accomadative/tolerant of inflation . 
   that 's why i say merkel and sweden/austria/netherlands carried out a de facto loosening asylum policy over time as the numbers grew but they did not change much in response until the tsunami hit our shores in autumn of 2015 and the system was at breaking point . 
  how is this hard to understand ? 
  i 've already [ adressed ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4v0pce/merkel_rules_out_migrant_policy_reversal_after/d5umbe4 ) the fallacy `` germany did n't do anything '' . 
   given the current framework , which means accepting the geneva refugee convention and the open schengen borders , there was no other policy available . 
  massive lie . 
  japan has signed the same convention . 
  it 's about enforcement and implementation . 
  that 's why they get so few . 
  remember when you tried to pull the `` b-b-but geography card '' ? 
  yeah , we went through that exercise :d again , this is well-known . 
  it * should * be well-known . 
  that 's why i called you ignorant . 
  you do n't have to change the german constitution at all . 
  i used to call you ignorant , but i 'm increasingly leaning towards the option that you 're simply lying on purpose to avoid any change of direction from current policy . 
   and you need to cut the edgy talk stop being stupid and i 'll stop calling you stupid . 
  it 's not hard . 
  those types of images could probably be found between ukraine/poland as well . 
  except ukraine has an excuse and flanders . . what the hell . 
  pig as a pet ? 
  as i already explained to you , many uer methodologies already include students in their statistics so this is not unique to employment rate , it 's a * general * methodological question . 
  so your critique is nonsensical in a way to attack employment rate , because students are often counted in uer as well . 
  and by the way , the vast majority of university students are below the age of 25 , just look at any chart from america . 
  i 'm not going to google for you . 
  so if you really want to get rid of them as much as possible , an employment of prime-age workers is working better than most uer methodologies since they count students - * all * of them . 
   israel has never codified law that obligates them to take in refugees , all european nations have . 
  we can not decline people who originate from a war torn nation or , for the moment , claim to do so . 
  this is why jordan and turkey have taken in lots of refugees from syria , but not israel . 
  which is why policy matters a lot more than geography . 
  there goes your argument . 
  israel made that * choice * . 
   you 're not invalidating people by calling them ignorant ignorant people are invalidating themselves . 
  sorry if you do n't like being called what you are . 
  you said no european countries loosened up asylum rules . 
  that was a flat-out lie , which i called you on . 
  we did . 
  interesting how you never adressed that , just hoped it would be swept under the carpet . 
  see why i do n't trust you one bit ? 
  you 're bullshitting and then never owning up to that bullshit . 
  you make statements which are false and then never adress them . 
  you have * zero * credibility . 
   countries with good labour markets , such as germany , the uk and the netherlands , have respectively mini-jobs , zero-hours contracts and a lot of workforce employed part-time zero-hours contracts is not necessary for a robust labour market . 
  a lot of research have been done by think tanks like niesr on this issue and the evidence is overwhelming . 
  it 's mostly pushed by right-wing governments as a sop to their corporate brethren . 
  sweden also does not have anything similar to this , yet our employment rate is higher than that of all those countries . 
  it 's just a lie that too many have accepted , sadly including you . 
  it 's like why wages in america have not risen faster in the last 15 years . 
  it has nothing to do with competitiveness or any of the fundamentals in the economy . 
  it 's a * political * decision made at the behest of corporate lobbying . 
   sorry but what do you mean by saying `` fiscal integration '' ? 
  fiscal union . 
  that the ez would become one single nation in a fiscal sense . 
  i admit that is unlikely , but if that does not happen , then the euro is unworkable . 
  every economist worth his or her salt said before the euro : ** do n't ** do monetary union without fiscal union . 
  the record is terrible . 
  most european policymakers knew this , because they were using the euro effectively as a tool of integration . 
  the working assumption was , once we get everyone to sign up for the euro , getting them to give up their fiscal powers will be a lot easier . 
  then the crisis happened . 
  now that integration has stalled or even reversed , if the prospect of a fiscal union is fading then so does the raison d'\u00eatr\u00e8 of the euro . 
  still , it 's too tempting to blame circumstances . 
  it should have been done in a package . 
  if not fiscal/monetary union in one go , then at least a clause/commitment to join a fiscal union within 10 years of joining the ez should have been introduced . 
  either way , the failure to push fiscal union faster is now evident for all to see . 
  a lot of american economists are ( rightly ) a bit smug now about their dismissed critiques about the folly of monetary union without fiscal union . 
  many of the legitimate critiques of the euro , especially from southern europe , are intellectually sound and legitimate from my pov . 
  the problem is that many of those who are saying it are often using the euro ^ 1 as a monocausal explanation for thier economies ' woes and shying away from the harder structural reform , when in reality , both are needed . 
  ^ 1 assuming that fiscal union is not achieved . 
  if it is , the euro goes from being a liability to an asset . 
   but nobody in europe actually changed their asylum policy before the latest refugee wave . 
  like literally nobody massive lie . 
  sweden significantly loosened its asylum policy in 2011 for instance . 
  why do you even bother when you 're ignorant ? 
   sure policies do matter , but they do n't trump reality what is this even supposed to mean ? 
  reality is n't an immovable object that just happens , in other words , `` fate '' . 
  the kind of immigration we have is determined by what system we have . 
  if geography really was a crucial factor then why is n't israel filled with syrian migrants ? 
  syria and israel share a border . 
  it 's just astounding how ignorant you argue . 
  i 'm being nice to you by assuming you 're ignorant . 
  there are less generous interpretations as well . 
  i 'm done here . 
  can anyone give a tl ; dr of * why * she lied ? 
  motivation ? 
  i just do n't see what the point is of someone to outright lie like that and i 'd like to know how they justify/rationalise it . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  what you think is a lot or not is irrelevant . 
  what matters here is not the absolute numbers as much as the * relative change * . 
  if you loosen up asylum rules , you can get a 17.5 x increase in applications . 
  thus , the idiotic meme of `` japan does n't get any because is island lulz '' does n't carry any weight , because australia is also an island in the middle of nowhere . 
  they changed their rules and they got a 17.5 x increase year over year . 
  guess what would have happened if they had stayed that way ? 
  if your bs `` theory '' held true , then australia 's loosening of asylum rules would have made little to no difference . 
  but of course your theory is n't true . 
  it 's a dumb and stupid meme with no basis in reality . 
  policy matters . 
  that 's the take-away here , blaming geography is for the ignorant and stupid .
