  you are now not allowed to defend your own borders against a massive tidal wave of refugees ( which hungary had no role in inviting ) , and to do so is to treat these people as `` wild animals '' . 
  ( let 's forget that according to the eu commissions own numbers , around 50 % are not even classified as refugees but as economic migrants ) . 
  i think this kind of attitude is destroying the eu . 
  furthermore , i think this douchebag is completely out of step with the electorates in western europe in general . 
  swedes now say that immigration is the top issue by 60 % . 
  those who want fewer refugees outnumber those who want more by a factor of 3 to 1 in the latest polls . 
  look at the opinion polls in the nl , austria , france . 
  brexit was largely decided on immigration . 
  this on the heels of juncker saying `` borders are the worst invention ever by politicians '' . 
  these people have no fucking clue what 's about to hit them , do they ? 
   `` when i started to watch these dramas , i realised how tired i was with all the violence and sex of american tv . '', 
  i think this is something a lot of people are tired of . 
  you get the sense that its mostly done for shock value in many instances . 
  slower paced narrative storytelling still happens in the american tv business , it 's just not a big a priority as it used to be . 
  this on the heels that recent revalations confirm that vw were n't alone in their cheating . 
  [ it 's systematic ] ( https://cleantechnica.com/2016/09/11/study-stricter-emissions-testing-requirements-eu-testing-results-diverged-real-world-results/ ) . 
  mitsubishi 's corporate hq was raided the other week in japan in a similar development . 
  fossil fuel cars are a dead end . 
   because they had a nice influx of eu money yes man . 
  it 's always eu money . 
  always . 
  can you get more monocausal than this ? 
  one of the first things they teach you in any basic social science course is that monocausality is the bane of any serious analysis . 
  you apparently did n't get the memo . 
  if eu money is the explanation of richness , then why is ireland that much richer than greece ? 
  greece also received a lot of eu money for a long time . 
   countries like sweden and the like were free to develop their economies with no major interference from the state is this a joke ? 
  sweden 's state from the 1930s onwards was * extremely * interventionist . 
  it is only in recent years that this has lessened . 
  sure , we had a lot of development before that , but our statist phase did n't exactly prevent us from industrialising further . 
  if you 're going to make pronouncements about other countries , it would help if you could get your basic facts right . 
   i have no idea about india finally some honesty . 
  btw , / u/ogsbunder is mixing up gdp per capita and gdp . 
  india 's share of the world economy was something like 28 % or so at its peak . 
  however , on a per capita basis it was n't actually wealthier than , say , the netherlands or northern italy before the industrial revolution . 
  ever heard of `` conditional aid '' ? 
  oversight is n't something the eu invented . 
  plenty of countries which had a lot of oversight nevertheless managed to do jack shit with foreign aid . 
  reference : much of the developing world . 
  the romanian political elite decided to join the eu project . 
  they started the whole movement and it is n't surprising they will meet the requirements given that there is broad internal political concensus in romania . 
  i get that western europeans want to pat themselves on the back for ee economies , but sorry , it ai n't that simple . 
  ( i 'm not saying we had no role , but it is a bit boring to constantly see a bunch of we take credit for ee nations ' achievements . 
  it 's lazy and self-congratulating ) . 
  but that is a weak argument . 
  remember the initial comment :  nissan , renault and bmw are the ** only ones taking electric cars somewhat seriously ** tesla is taking evs * extremely * seriously . 
  the only reason their cars are expensive is not because they do it as a hobby project , it is because they have no other choice . 
  the other car makers have big legacy businessess which means they can dabble in evs without incurring much of a cost ( many of them still sell inferior evs at low prices with low range ) . 
  the only mainstream ev with over 350 km in range is the chevy bolt which has an msrp of $ 37 500 usd . 
  that 's higher than the proposed model 3 from tesla . 
  that tells you of the inherent technical limitations of evs , even if those limitations are coming down * fast * . 
  thus , it 's silly to say that tesla is n't taking this space seriously . 
  tesla are virutal pioneers who are forcing this shift onto many car makers . 
  nissan is the only other company i 'd count as pioneers with their leaf . 
  toyota does n't count since prius is merely a hybrid . 
  the big problem here is not low wages , as long as they are rising and ( more importantly ) productivity , too . 
  it is the * extremely * high proportion of pensioners to wage earners . 
  people tell me in this thread that this has improved in recent years but it 's still shockingly high . 
  also , i wonder how much more room for improvement there really is given romania 's demographics . 
  many ee nations will likely grow old before they get rich , and probably already have . 
  you mean political leaders have differences ? 
  shocking . 
  i 'm sure that never happens in other instances . 
  the fact that they are even talking about this should cause you alarm . 
  that speaks volumes about the failure of the current elites . 
  nobody would take these words seriously 10 or even 5 years ago . 
  you may not , and may never , but time will pass you by . 
  i personally propose we do an arrangement whereas immigration policy is decided by denmark . 
  we 're terrible at it , but norrbagge , you 're not very good at it either . 
  environmental policy is divided between us two . 
  we do renewable energy , you do transportation policy ( evs f\u00fcr alle ) . 
  given norway 's poor record in it , sweden and finland will be in charge of it policy . 
  economically , we 're probably the strongest state ( oil monies is cheating ) , so we get the all-important economic affairs policy portfolio . 
  i think that 's a decent division of labour . 
  that can change . 
  in what way is their cultural heritage worse because of a 50 year occupation ? 
  heritage stretches back many centuries if not more . 
  sounds like the trump phenomenom in the voting demographics . 
  a lot of previous non-voters , mostly older and rural folks with lower incomes . 
   fuck foreigners oh la la la , afd , you are surprising me with your sexual extravaganza . 
  the fact that this kind of systematic tax cheating was allowed before surely plays a part in people 's skepticism towards the eu . 
  i 'm glad they are cracking down on it , but merkel still defended the american tax cheats the other week . 
  so they still have a lot of internal resistance to overcome . 
  makes sense to skip cable and go straight to iptv via fiber , given that romania 's fiber internet buildout has been quite impressive . 
  eu money helps , but it is tiring to see all ee success always being pinned down to eu money . 
  there are a lot of countries the world over who have received a lot of foreign aid and failed spectacularly with it . 
  i think you 're too cynical . 
  sure , you can still see it is less than wealthy compared to a continental european standard , but the upgrade in standard of living is very significant . 
  if we define anything as poverty as not german median levels , then sure , it is still poor , but it would n't tell us anything . 
  compared to japan maybe , but i highly doubt that taiwan is not an efficient country . 
  you 're free to prove me wrong , but i 'd like some data/stats to back you up or at least some photos which at the very least * try * to be objective to some extent . 
  yankee go home !, 
  ( and take me with you ) - syndrome . 
  you take out one s and replace it with another , silly . 
  you sure you 're not talking about yourself ? 
  you 're [ literally ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/suicidewatch/comments/3z1ol5/im_not_quite_suicidal_but_i_sure_as_fuck_am/ ) posting to suicide watch . 
  you 're also [ swedish ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/sweden/comments/3wa5ip/ekonomipriset_%c3%a4r_en_fortsatt_skam_f%c3%b6r_sverige/ ) . 
  do n't try to generalise your own pathologies onto to your countrymen . 
  your faults are your own . 
   as far as i know orban still fully intends hungary to join the eurozone hungary does not intend to join the eurozone .
