  remember the elections were in late 2014 . 
  reinfelt did his 2011 dirty deal with the green party and the numbers steadily increased for many years . 
  that , in addition to him saying that swedish culture was `` barbaric '' . 
  oh , and let 's not forget them completely fucking sleeping on the job when it comes to building more housing . 
  yeah , `` for some reason '' . 
  reinfeldt was the worst pm this country has had for many decades . 
  only carl bildt was a bigger failure . 
  only one more graph that needs to be added in this context : https://i.sli.mg/rftn8l.png l\u00f6fven may be increasingly speaking out of step with his own population . 
  but that is even more illogical . 
  g\u00fclen is not a guy who would push for a secular turkey . 
  i 'm * assuming * that is what western european leaders actually want , because that is what they say . 
  their actions tend to point to the other direction , though . 
  yeah but your middle eastern policy is equally shit . 
  erdogan 's been propping up every other jihadist outlet in syria . 
  i do n't trade shit for shit . 
  russia 's policy has consistently been the best one . 
  they got a lot of heat for it , but they were right that the rebels were a bunch of islamist scumbags . 
  the so-called `` moderate opposition '' is a unicorn which does n't exist . 
  i hope the russians will influence you into a saner path . 
  your comment was talking specifically about `` northern europe '' . 
  to assume you were just talking about germany is actually a generous interpretation , because your slur was wider than that . 
  as i said , you got a lot of heat for it , and for good reason . 
  you 're very good at ripping comments out of context to smear people , though , that 's a talent of yours . 
  next time you do decide to do it , provide context . 
   a successful coup would have been the lesser of two evils really ? 
  how ? 
  a g\u00fclenist turkey would only * accelerate * the islamisation of turkish society and the death knell of secularism , whatever remains of it . 
  g\u00fclen was only favoured because he was/is the lapdog of america . 
  europe should not blindly follow america 's foolish foreign policy . 
  i thought we had learned from iraq but apparently not . 
  erdogan is an absolute cunt , but g\u00fclen is in * no way * a better option . 
   no true environmentalist has ever advocated ev passenger car either hahahahah  even today , the cost of li-ion remains exorbitantly high not really . 
  batteries will reach parity within 5-7 years . 
  gm got a price of $ 145 per kilowatt-hour from lg chem . 
  tesla is aiming for $ 100 by 2020 and may well hit that target sooner since they are accelerating their investments into the gigafactory with the help of panasonic . 
  gm forecasts sub - $ 100 per kilowatt-hour by 2022 and that 's actually a * conservative * estimate . 
  for those not in the know , once you hit $ 100 , you 're basically at parity . 
  and btw , this ignores the massive leaps of battery tech we 've seen in the [ last 5 years alone ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/08/10/holy-grail-of-energy-policy-in-sight-as-battery-technology-smash/ ) . 
  oh , and inb4 `` yes but that tech is always 5 years out but nothing happens '' . 
  not really . 
  they are already commercialising it . 
  an italian company has licensed it and will start production next year together with support from eu utilities . 
  we 'll see mass adoption with the next decade . 
  so by the time lithium ion batteries reach cost parity , they will already be outclassed by an order of a magnitude by even more superior tech . 
  say goodbye to ice . 
  i called you a retard ? 
  no , i was specific enough to call your * opinion * mildly retarded . 
  people say retarded things all the time , including myself . 
  that does n't make that * person * retarded . 
  nice misrepresentation though . 
  i have to say , you 're not bad at smearing . 
  edit : and let 's not forget the context . 
  you basically painted northern europe as a bunch of latest neo-nazis . 
  what did you expect would happen when you make that kind of crass generalisation ? 
  i was far from the only one attacking you , and for understandable reasons . 
   since this deal is going down anyway , they finally go all out . 
  people have been predicting its demise from the moment it was inked . 
  so far it has held up , even through a tumultous coup . 
  that 's why i question this sudden massive assault on turkey . 
  it 's almost as if they * wished * it had failed with the coup . 
  just me or is there somekind of co-ordinated attack on turkey from various european governments ? 
  the austrians were first out of the gate . 
  then our foreign minister piled on . 
  now its the germans . 
  is something up ? 
  why this sudden aggression ? 
  are they trying to goad turkey into giving up the refugee deal so that they can blame the collapse on the turks ? 
   this is n't true with regard to auto emissions in the eu , in fact , the almost maniacal obsession with co2 emissions is the reason for diesel dominance in europe two points . 
  climate change is about more than just co2 . 
  it 's about rewewable energy . 
  it 's about heat . 
  it 's about storage . 
  it 's about energy use reduction . 
  just talking about co2 is misleading . 
  so your rant is missing the point . 
  the loss of european initiative on climate change extends to all these domains , especially renewable energy . 
  no true environmentalist has ever advocated diesel . 
  ever . 
  it was just a plot by the auto industry to escape true transformation into becoming ev companies . 
  remember , these companies have in many cases over a * hundred * years of experience in creating ices . 
  it 's literally the only thing they specialise in today , the rest is outsourced . 
  so diesels would simply allow them to continue that . 
  when forced to compete on evs , their century-long accumulated competitive advantage disappears into thin air . 
  evs are far less complicated to build than ice cars . 
  they have far fewer parts . 
  so while i share your loathing against diesel , you 're directing it against the wrong person . 
  i 'm not pro-diesel , neither am i pro-gasoline either . 
  i 'm ev or bust . 
  in fact , i 'd go further . 
  i 'd ban cars in city centers and only allow public transportation . 
  we do n't need as many cars as we have right now . 
  it 's a monumental waste of energy and resources . 
  95 % of the time , the car of any given person stands idle . 
  anyway , that 's a tangential rant . 
  point is , forget the hype about diesels and `` emissions '' . 
  it was propaganda from day one designed to shelter outdated business models . 
  it did n't have jack shit to do with climate change and it 's disingenous of you to try to portray as if that is what environmentalists wanted . 
  nobody wanted diesel except the car companies and the politicians they have bought . 
  get your facts straight before ranting . 
  on the one hand , i get why the term is offensive , as it is wrong and historically inaccurate .
