  getting visa access is something they wanted for a long time . 
  they are about to get it . 
  getting more access into eu agencies is also a move towards more integration without becoming a member . 
  turkey is not moving `` away '' from the eu , its co-operation is becoming closer , and it is getting more benefits . 
  is that why they are on the cusp of getting visa access to their citizens ? 
  is that why [ they are getting increasing access ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/cyprus-sidelined-as-brussels-scrambles-to-save-turkey-migrant-deal-refugee-crisis-asylum/ ) to eu agencies ? 
  turkey is not moving away , it is moving * to * the eu . 
  erdogan probably thinks he can get all the benefits of an eu membership without actually being a member , given how easy it is to extort the eu elites . 
  i do n't blame him . 
  the brexit camp has been using lies very effectively . 
  their biggest whopper is still on the single market . 
  they have come up with the quintessential trumpian argument : `` i am master negotiator , hear me roar '' . 
  somehow , by sheer magic , the uk is going to get access to the single market against all rules because `` something something german car manufacturers '' . 
  the media has barely bothered to challenge them on it and the remain side has been led more by eddie izzard than the leader of the labour party . 
  gee , i wonder why they are in the lead . 
   all i said was that muslims in germany are likely more socially liberal than people of different religions in some parts eastern europe . 
  not according to gallup or pew , and both of those organisations are world class . 
  i 'm aware of the study you referenced , and i have no reason to doubts its conclusions , but there have been a * lot * of studies on this topic the last 10 years . 
  in every data set , you have outliers . 
  you focused on a single outlier . 
  if you look at any regression analysis , you get closer to the true median value of any data set . 
  and as such , i 'd advise you not to pick a single study which confirms your bias but look at the broader set of studies over multiple years and you 'll find that by and large , east europeans are less tolerant of homosexuality than western europeans but are still more tolerant than muslim immigrants ( who in turn are more tolerant than their compatriots back home ) . 
   funnily enough i remember a recent survey among german muslims and well above 50 % were in favor of gay marriage funnily enough , i can actually link you an actual study and not just talk in loose speculation . 
  http://www.glaad.org/2009/05/21/gallop-poll-includes-muslim-views-on-homosexuality 18 % of german muslims approve of homosexuality . 
   kind of weird when you think about how afraid we are about our `` liberal values '' beeing destroyed by islam while big parts of europe dont care about them to begin with . 
  according to pew , 42 % of poles approved of homosexuality . 
  still too low but far better than your muslims . 
  http://www.pewglobal.org/2013/06/04/the-global-divide-on-homosexuality/ a few closing thoughts : south korea has a lower tolerance than poland . 
  i have n't seen them smeared nearly to the same extent as poles have been as dangerous bigots etc. 
  most people view south korea as a liberal democracy , and that is because it is . 
  so if poles are more liberal than the koreans on homosexuality , would that qualify sk as a dictatorship ? 
  asking for a friend . 
  secondly , tell me the last time you saw thousands of gay people marching in a pride parade in a muslim-majority country . 
  please just once . 
  finally , remember that a minority is easier to assimilate the smaller it is . 
  the bigger it is , the lower the influence of the majority society on it is . 
  most muslims in germany have been turks historically , who are among some of the more liberal people in the middle east . 
  we 'll see what happens when you get higher shares from the arab world , which is typically less liberal/secular than turkey is . 
  ( and no , just because assad was a secular dictator does n't mean the people is ) . 
  \\ #shotsfired, 
  the irish just ca n't stop being awesome . 
  do n't slur the welsh and the scots by lumping them in with the degenerate english  the hooliganism problem on those isles is mostly just the english . 
  welsh and scots are doing far better and deserve much better reputation . 
  no , it did not . 
  it did n't happen to poland , hungary and many other eastern states . 
  the only country who had a similar fallout was ukraine , but that kind of corruption was not cheered on by the west to the same extent . 
  a large part of the problem was the washington-approved ` shock doctrine ' . 
  poland 's economic success should not be overstated . 
  it saw several years of depression because it decided to essentially lay off the entire state sector virtually overnight and that caused mass unemployment and a rapid fall in living standards . 
  if the so-called `` success stories '' of the 90s would have taken a more gradualist approach \u00e1 la korea , then they would all have been much richer today . 
  russia would n't have seen such a massive depression either . 
  people are still in denial over the west 's overt backing of a drunken puppet ( yeltsin ) and the coterie of oligarchs who looted the nation and stashed the proceeds in swiss bank accounts , london property and got f\u00eated by western elites as `` economic reformers '' and `` risktakers '' . 
  this is still verboten history in large parts of the western media . 
  this is n't to excuse putin , who has his own deep regressions , but it does n't help to deny this . 
  it 's like with iran . 
  just because you point out negative western meddling does n't mean you support the islamists who took over . 
  silly q : how do those planes stack up against each other , gripen , eurofighter and f16 ? 
  obivously with due diligence concerning deviations . 
  poland and bears ? 
  that 's too much like russkie . 
  it 's shameful that we need an american interpreter to explain sweden to a fellow european . 
  then again , germany 's own predisposition is not that different , and we all know that introspection can be difficult . 
  when they look at us , they see themselves , after all . 
  itt : english shitposter tries to blame france for his own country 's hooligans behaviour yesterday . 
  what happened yesterday in the brawls concerning your `` lads '' was their own fault . 
  this is different . 
  this was unprovoked , unlike your lads who loitered around , throwing chairs around and looking for trouble . 
  english hooligans are notorious for being the biggest troublemakers . 
  that is n't the french authorities fault . 
  what happend with the northern irish and the polish , however , * is * the fault of the authorities . 
  it was the same in 1998 . 
  it was also disproportionately in the south of france back then . 
  on this day i hope we can finally bury the reputation of yeltsin . 
  whatever you think of putin , understand that this is what happened to russia in the first decade after independence : http://beta.data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gnp.pcap.pp.kd?end=2014&amp;locations=ru&amp;start=1989 please do n't tell me this looting was inevitable . 
  it was not . 
  washington looked on with no regret because many of the oligarchs who did it were faithful to them . 
  i would personally hope putin gets sidelined and a more moderate/pragmatic person like medvedev takes over , but on this day we should celebrate how much russia has come from the dark days of the post-ussr collapse and may its economic recovery continue , preferably with a democratic orientation which is not subservient to foreign interests like the yeltsin administration . 
  i have yet to come across a chart on net contributions to the eu budget which is n't wildly misleading or overall terrible . 
  and for some reason they all pop up in this sub with alarming frequency . 
  thank god some subscribers like yourself are still around to educate folks . 
  if i was n't as lazy + absolute dogshit at basic graphic skills i 'd be tempted to do one myself , with the basic stuff thrown in , per capita , per annum , harmonised to gdp with rebates and the like deducted and so on . 
  context matters . 
  if you are doing it in a country which is still recovering psychologically from its worst terror attack in modern history * and * on top the fact that its society is on a knife 's edge to prevent a new one , you 'd have to be either a mendacious idiot or incredibly autistic not to get that you 'd act like a massive asshole for chanting about isis in that situation . 
  these people are guests in france , and they should be acting the part . 
  i 've heard a lot of excuses over the years about ultras , and i 've never bought any of them ( `` oh , they are the soul of the club '' , `` they add excitement '' , `` they lead the chants '' etc ) . 
  it 's perfectly possible to do all of that without being a violent sociopath . 
  stop treating them with kids gloves . 
  police should arrest all of them and deport without no pardon . 
  that will make the morons behave and if not , escalate , forced detention until they voluntarily self-deport . 
  the french are typically not shy of heavy state intervention . 
  time to massively crack down on the scum . 
  qatar is a good counter-point to those who lazily assume that with increased wealth , social attitudes become more liberal . 
  this is the macro version of `` the solution to radicalism is more jobs '' . 
  i hope the woman gets her justice . 
  i am largely in agree with you on your views on federalism . 
  i , too , would hope for increased federalism if brexit indeed occurs . 
  ( although the end result would likely be that the uk hashes out a deal similar to that of norway , with some face-facing mechanism on the internal market which could be phased out over time ) . 
  as for your comments on the integration on the dutch and the german militaries , i am aware of that . 
  since the dutch play almost no role , and face no serious military threat , i also happen to think it means little . 
  the integration of france and germany is far more significant , but i would caution that while the initial moves are promising , there is a * lot * of hurdles .
