  the last the neighbourhood needs now is another failed state . 
  in the longer run , i 'm more optimistic about turkey than i am about many other middle eastern states , but i only think change can come from below and it will likely take decades to reverse the slow-motion islamisation that the akp have initiated . 
  it would also require the chp to admit that not every pious muslim hates democracy and that they do n't have to be secular to have a seat at the table , as long as they fundamentally accept the pluralism of the nation . 
  i was being sarcastic of their promotion of themselves as only being against islam and never espousing racism . 
  it was a reference to that context . 
  i 've already raised issues , like the fact that india 's colonialism was far worse than what any single arab state endured . 
  but you did n't like that fact one bit so you just went for invective . 
  also , just because you suffer from hurt arab pride does n't mean * all * arabs do . 
  you are not the representative of all arabs just like i am not representative of all men . 
  that you take the mantle of all arabs on yourself is a bit like some radical feminists claiming to represent all women . 
  it 's a bit silly . 
  also , why would i want to lynch a source of amusement ? 
  that 's against my own interests . 
   fucking nazi pig literally you a few moments ago :  yes yes ad hominem ad hominem you may not be the brightest lightbulb out there , but i have to admit , that you do know how to roll in the dirt much better than me . 
  speaking of pigs and all , 
  in this very thread , my dear sir , in this very thread !, 
  the cheek !, 
  you make a good point . 
  people should have adopted the same attitude when developing vaccines or trying to cure hunger and just given up instead . 
  in fact , if we had listened to pessimists like you , mankind would never have progressed beyond the caves . 
   the reasonable man adapts himself to the world : the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself . 
  therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man . 
  by me . 
  you make a good point . 
  if i came off as too dismissive , that was a mistake . 
  of course there are violent extremists out there , and there 's no point in trying to pretend in somekind of magical symmetry here . 
  we all know that there 's this * one * religion which has this problem more than others . 
  i accept that . 
  but i was making a more broader point about islam in general . 
  i was drawing the comparison with jews . 
  do you think afd would have had the balls to say `` jews do n't belong in germany ? '' . 
  if they believe that or not is beside the point . 
  i raise the issue to draw attention to the fact that you can say stuff about muslims in western society that you just ca n't about other minorities , ethnic or religous . 
  surely , you can agree to that ? 
  this world is n't going to save itself !, 
  thanks for the great comment . 
   some people say that turks like/need following a leader , for cultural reasons this is absolute bullshit . 
  cultural determinism is always the first resort of the lazy . 
  maybe it is true that turks have a penchant for authoritarian leaders * today * , but to make somekind of permanent cultural argument is hogwash . 
  ( i 'm not suggesting you are making it ) . 
  i think in general , as controversial as it may sound , atat\u00fcrk 's reign was more harmful than many realise today . 
  not that his changes were bad , its only the way it was done . 
  instead of slowly , and democratically , he went in with the force of an iron fist . 
  sure , he got a lot of stuff done , but there was no deep foundation of support when you just do forced change , held together by the army . 
  in order to keep his reforms legitimate , the man had to be upheld as a saint . 
  this same reflex/historical memory is probably exploited by erdogan now . 
  i 'm very interested in turkey . 
  right now i am dead-set against it joining the eu , as it is too authoritarian , but i hold out hope that things will change in the future . 
  i 'm also aware that not much right now points to that direction , something which has to be accepted . 
  nevertheless , your economy is doing decently . 
  i would just hope that the opposition to erdogan would stop hoping for disaster and make a positive case for their cause for once , otherwise it becomes so easy to paint them as someone who wishes for turkey to decline ( so they can take power ) , and frankly speaking , sometimes you * do * kinda get that impression from some on the chp side . 
  no , you 're right . 
  a lot of people who say they want to `` protect '' women are also very quick to clarify that a woman should n't get too far ahead of herself , and speaking of which , is n't it just better if she retires from public life a bit more and just stays home and births a lot of kids and shuts the hell up and let the men do the business . 
  oh , and those fucking fags better stop their * provocation * as well . 
  the left is not innocent here , though , because it was far too meek for far too long when it came to islamists and other extremists , and nature abhors a vacuum . 
  if they are n't going to talk about these issues * someone * will , and that someone is often the same people who do n't like gays and who think women should go back to a 1950s role ( at best ) . 
  i think you have locked yourself into tunnelvision . 
  i was explicitly saying it is fine to debate immigration/islam in negative ways , like any other topic . 
  but what we have here is someone attacking someone else not because of their * behaviour * but because of their * skin * . 
  that is a fundamental difference , and i have no idea why you try to pretend otherwise . 
  you 've missed the gist of my comment . 
  i was pointing out that there are more people in the middle east than arabs , and that arabs are not synomynous with middle easterners . 
  serious question to you turks living in the city and in turkey more generally , do you see a rising personality cult around erdogan or is it not any different than it was 5-10 years ago ? 
  i mean , he has always been a bloviator , but from what i 've read from clever turks , both on here and on other places on the web , some have a feeling this is escalating , \u00e1 la `` l'etat , c'est moi ' . 
  i 'm talking beyond usurping presidential powers , and more about the propaganda aspect of it . 
  [ lego , is that you ? 
  ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/images/news/201605/n_99765_1.jpg ), 
  the western left = / = all of western society . 
  and even the left in europe are [ softening ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/actualite-france/2016/04/28/01016-20160428artfig00357-islam-une-image-degradee-en-france-et-en-allemagne.php ) ( sorry for french link , the only english one i could find was breitbart but it gets autoremoved here ) , on this question . 
  btw , i saw your deleted comment to my other comment , where you attacked me as somehow preventing discussion on immigration . 
  my reply ( before you deleted it ) was thus : it 's perfectly possible to debate immigration or islam . 
  but when the afd attacks a black devout christian , the mask has simply slipped and there are no excuses left . 
  one does not have to support such a party and can still talk openly about immigration in critical terms . 
  i was adressing the knee-jerk defenders of afd . 
  it 's a personal observation . 
  if you get to hear the same line of argument from different people , you should look yourself in the mirror . 
  instead it 's * all * `` it 's the west 's fault '' boo hoo . 
  oh , and you should practice on reading comprehension . 
  i never wrote china was colonised , it suffered the ` century of humiliation ' . 
  that india was n't split by colonial powers makes little sense as an argument , the british looted it under 100 years nonstop . 
  that is far worse than any arab nation had to endure . 
  why are you even yapping about kashmir ? 
  so yes , hurt arab pride . 
  the stench is reeking from you . 
  oh , so maybe i was n't that far off in the first place  look , the economy has a material impact on peace and stability , no question . 
  i was making a broader argument about what kind of society emerges from the rubbles . 
  that is not determined by economic forces . 
  look at the french revolution . 
  of course the economic hardship was a big trigger of the events leading up to it , but why did n't france become a christian theocratic dictatorship ( instead `` merely '' a secular dictatorship ) ? 
  culture . 
  and as much as i enjoy shitting on the french revolution , even i have to admit that they made some sweeping progressive changes ( in-between all the bloodshed ) , especially concerning women and ethnic minorities , as well as curtailing the economic aristocracy . 
   brazil has a very different culture than that of the middle-eastern countries . 
  which is exactly my point . 
  culture matters , and these fundamentalist outbursts can not be explained ( excused ) by economic/materialist arguments . 
  anecdotes is n't the same as statistical frequency . 
  look up the stats on religious terrorism , and do a per-capita comparison between islamic terrorism and christian terrorism . 
  you 're not even good at whataboutism . 
  he 's right about the fact that you want to blame the west for everything . 
  you 're probably arabic , it 's obvious this is all about pride for you . 
  you do n't want to have a debate where the arab world 's failure becomes discussed .
