  that 's why i am always somewhat cautious about drawing conclusions about disposable income , for these and many other exaples . 
  it 's also why i am curious about estonia , because if you get decent social services for low taxes , it warrants further study . 
  do estonians pay any extra for social services out of their pocket or is it all paid for by the state ? 
  and are there any complaints about social services ( that you find reasonable , given that there are * always * complaints in every country ) ? 
  the private space industry is impressive , to be sure , but its mostly there because of cheap and abundant land , not because it has a high concentration of experts . 
  texas is used as a launch state . 
  the experts come from other parts of the country . 
  sayig it has an impressive space industry is technically true in a geographic sense , but then again , you could have said the same thing about new mexico in wwii with its manhattan project . 
  yet the people who worked there all came from the coastal elite universities and only worked there for the same reason that the outside rocket experts work in texas : lots of space ( pun unintended ) , cheap rent and an accomdative government . 
  you could make the same argument with nevada and the gigafactory . 
  yet it would be just as misleading . 
  where someone locates because of cheap rent/lots of cheap land is n't very telling . 
  as for its tech industry , its grower faster because it is much smaller . 
  after sv , seattle is # 2 and austin a distant third . 
  texas is a far less impressive state on every measure than california . 
  from educational institutions to start-ups to cities and the adoption of new technologies . 
  you 're mixing apples and oranges . 
  i never said china is a superpower * today * . 
  i would characterise them as a something in-between a great power and a superpower , hence `` sort-of superpower '' . 
  not quite there , but getting there . 
  the notion that it will take 50 years for china to become a superpower is what i made fun of , and for good reason . 
   technological : big no . 
  mostly crappy products copied by other countries . 
  this is fucking stupid , sorry , but there 's no way to go about it . 
  china has just built the fastest supercomputer in the world . 
  you ** are completely ignorant ** . 
  seriously , get educated on at least the basics . 
  it 's not too much to ask . 
  butthurt burger detected , 
   i do n't see a real successor in the world , rather we 'll likely see a regional pattern re-assert itself . 
  it pays attention to pay attention . 
  interesting , when was this ? 
  also , how long have the kurdish diaspora been in poland and when did most arrive ? 
  it should be pointed out that poland already has a surplus of exports when you look at merchandise trade , but that its current account is more or less close to zero , if maybe slightly negative , because the current account also takes other things into consideration . 
  for instance , sweden 's total exports are just barely positive , but our current account is close to 5 % because of net foreign financial investments and other stuff . 
  yeah , i never understood this line of thinking . 
  if we 're talking about a deep-dive into politics that only relies on the pro-pis media , there 's no question we 're dealing with a massive conflict of interest . 
  however , reporting statistics of trade is apolitical in nature . 
  what difference does it make which source is used ? 
  it seems to me that these objections are overtly political by the opponents of the government . 
  it might make sense in their domestic context but for outsiders it makes no sense . 
  we just want the facts , period . 
  as a sociological note , i am always curious to how raceblind white leftists are of their own groups . 
  what 's the demographics of bruessels , now compare that to this crowd . 
  can you spot a single non-white person except the faboulous black lady in red ? 
  it 's the [ same in climate change advocacy ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/sustainable-business/2014/oct/09/sp-minorities-race-white-poverty-environment-social-justice ) . 
  i believe this phenomenom was nicknamed `` swpl '' by a canadian liberal a few years back . 
  i wo n't deny it : i am guilty as charged , on most of these issues , which is why i am amused by seeing the stereotypes repeat themselves . 
  i have to say , the unrestrained rage , if not outright hatred , directed at hungary from the western press has been one of the more revealing developments in recent years about where their ideological loyalties lie . 
  turns out that all those `` right-wing conspiracy theorists '' were not that far off when they kept saying the media had an agenda on immigration . 
  in the mean time , i just love all the rage , it brings me so much enjoyment . 
  may it never end . 
  you have a kurdish minority in warsaw ? 
  i just saw a few kebab shops in one of warsaw 's streets near the city center . 
  most of them had turkish names . 
  you 're getting pretty desperate . 
  it 's well-known that belgium has a large turkish minority , and a very reactionary/pro-akp one at that . 
  given that belgium has already had enough of middle eastern-derived ethnic clashes and attacks , it 's more than reasonable that they would be vary of situations which would inflame tensions even more . 
  still , they did the wrong thing here . 
  the kurds should not suffer because of a regressive minority that is the turks . 
  i think us cultural influence is on a long-term decline . 
  the chinese are far less enamored with it than they were 10 years ago . 
  there 's talk of cutting imports of hollywood films even more . 
  india never really fell in love with hollywood to begin with , as their bollywood keeps them more than happy . 
  and it 's not that hollywood films are expensive in india anyway . 
  sure , you have western europe but more and more social pathologies like blm is infiltrating european socities , and you add the whole `` critical race theory '' poison and you see a distinct disgust with american culture growing . 
  it 's still marginal , but not non-existent . 
  interestingly , clinton herself has admitted as much when she said that much of previous american cultural propaganda was much more effective during the soviet union 's time . 
  people loved american pop culture because it was in many ways much saner ( america was much more conservative ) . 
  today you have nikki minaj , back then you had bob dylan . 
  i do n't foresee a rapid decline , rather a gentle decline . 
  this will be exercabated as america becomes more and more multicultural and many european states become more ethno-nationalist . 
  this is already the case in eastern europe but even in western europe ( austria , nl , denmark etc ) this is becoming evident . 
  thus , the allure of american culture will wane ( but still remain strong on the universalist minority who want to live in a tower of babel that is the modern america ) . 
  i do n't see a real successor in the world , rather we 'll likely see a regional pattern re-assert itself . 
  look at turkey 's tv success in latin america , as even there , the allure of american trash tv is declining . 
  if american pop culture ca n't win in its own backyard , where will it ? 
  you keep using gdp per capita as a tool . 
  it 's irrelevent in state power . 
  if that was the case , then switzerland would be more powerful than america . 
  america 's total economy is * much * bigger than russia 's and the difference if anything is just growing . 
  china is already bigger than america on a ppp basis and will cross that threshold within 10-15 years on a nominal basis . 
  they 're already a sort-of superpower , given that the fsu was never more than 2/3rd of america 's economy . 
  they have a lot of nukes . 
  their space program is rapidly advancing , their maritime fleet is exploding in strength . 
  already america 's scs strategy is failing as indonesia and even philippines are now going closer to china 's orbit . 
  the establishment of the new development bank ( aiib ) , initiated by china and led by a chinese director , and joined by the uk and most of europe in defiance of the us ' wishes is a clear sign of the ongoing powershift . 
  * 50 * years until china becomes a superpower ? 
  when looking at gdp per capita , always look at * constant prices * , not current prices . 
  governments do this when calcuating gdp growth for reasons that has to do with statistical accurancy and an apples-to-apples comparison , so it 's a useful principle to keep in mind . 
  the gdp per capita on a constant currecy basis between poland and russia is [ not even close ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.kd?locations=pl-ru ) . 
  russian gdp per capita has only increased 11.44 % in 26 years , and it will likely decrease even more when this year 's data is counted . 
  russians have not had a good quarter century . 
  excellent comment , but hijacking it because of your estonian flair . 
  it 's fascinating to me that you and poland have [ almost the same gross wages ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage ) at 1057 for poland and 1163 for you , yet your net wages are much higher . 
  due to a very low tax regime , i assume . 
  how are out-of-pocket expenses in estonia ? 
  china has had a shrinking labour force since 2013 . 
  it 's vast army of ( mostly rural ) labour has in many ways already been used up . 
  what happens when the labour force is shrinking ?
