  instead , they continue to deny the existance of the problem , even going as far as saying that there may not even be such a thing as an `` extremist mosque '' . 
  really ? 
  after the countless investigations by supposedly far-right media outlets like the bbc or itv showing pretty fucking extreme things being taught about gays or jews , these people * still * deny the issue ? 
  forget the hardline islamist organisations , even the supposed `` mainstream '' ones are a huge problem at this juncture . 
  and not a moment too late . 
  norway is the green leader of europe , congrats . 
  reality . 
  it has an annoying habit of getting in the way of propaganda and fantasies . 
  even if she invades poland hitler 's place in history as the biggest traitor to germany and europe as a whole will be secured . 
  do n't forget gib us monez . 
  really , it 's shocking how easy the eu elites are giving away the farm . 
  turkey just keeps asking for more money to manage a problem which the eu can solve on its own - end the pull factors . 
  but merkel 's fanaticism of 3rd world migration prevents any real solution , and to deflect herself from domestic criticism she must be seen as doing * something * . 
  the cost of this is intended to re-elect her . 
  this kind of mentality is what lenin meant when he talked about ` useful idiots ' . 
  tell us something we do n't know . 
  you do n't need a fortress europe . 
  end the pull factors . 
  they come because they know they can get asylum , that 's it . 
  you can build as many walls you like , it wo n't help until you go at the root of the problem : asylum migration . 
  if you step back for a moment and look at a longer-term perspective ( decades ) , you 'll see a prolonged period of loosening . 
  this latest stampede is easy to blame on the syrian war but the trends are multi-decade and began far before this crisis . 
  iraq/iran war in the 80s was brutal , so was the algerian civil war . 
  or think afghanistan in the 80s vs the soviets or the rwandan genocide of the 90s . 
  yet we saw far fewer refugees then , even controlling for lower populations and transportation . 
  so this meme that this syrian war is `` unprecedented '' is not true , especially as the world has gotten less violent with fewer wars in the post-wwii era . 
  the argument over walls is misguided , for it focuses on short-term reactive answers over the root causes of the ever-increasing asylum waves . 
   your not importing just people , your importing the culture & religion with it i still struggle to understand why this insight is not dawning on people yet . 
  everyone talks about integration in terms of jobs , housing etc. 
  but culture matters just as much , perhaps more . 
  yet it 's often in the back-seat of the debate , if it 's present at all . 
  except that the last 50 years show that such a belief is no longer plausible and is either ignorance or intentional distortion to hide an ulterior agenda ( open borders ) . 
   when you come in a new country , you adapt to the country , not country adapts to you . 
  that 's the rule . 
  adapt to what ? 
  when the country they come to does n't even believe in itself or its own culture ? 
  so because two groups believe in the after life , that means that it 's all the same ? 
  seriously , the desperate attempts to relativise these findings are becomming more and more delusional . 
  you 're trying to change the topic . 
  the fact that 40 % even thinks sharia is preferable is a shocking figure . 
  what percentage of european christians do you think would prefer the bible to the secular law ? 
  considering how often we hear about the dangers of so-called `` far right '' , imagine if bnp got 40 % in the next uk election . 
  would you be so sanguine then ? 
  i * highly * doubt it . 
  why are you trying so desperately to play this down ? 
   `` we spoke of three billion euros ( $ 3.4 billion ) as ` fresh money ' but it is not a fixed sum . 
  our ( financial ) needs may increase , '' he said . 
  please someone remind me again how turkey 's burden is so much worse than germany 's or sweden 's . 
  who says that euroskepticism ( understood here in purely monetary terms ) must be a right-wing occupation ? 
  while krugman focuses on denmark , it 's also worth nothing that finland suffers from the same euro-imposed monetary trap which we do n't . 
  meanwhile , bishops say that the uk need to take in [ 2.5 x more ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-34564894 ) refugees . 
  all the while , the uk home office has calculated that * each * refugee will [ cost up to # 23,000 ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-34567209 ) in the first year only . 
  so if western european states give in to the pressure , will these tensions in the balkans subside or not ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious what the plan is for the people advocating the abolishment of borders . 
  i love this exchange . 
  the self-denial among the defeated open borders crowd in / r/europe reaches new delusional heights !, 
  everything that we do n't agree about in this subreddit is just a bunch of far-right ` muricans who are all brigading us !, 
  i love it !, 
   most of those who criticized the hungarian border fence have no idea ceuta and melilla even exist . 
  let 's not pretend 99 % of the people commenting in this thread did either before today . 
  and i 'm saying that as someone who supports hungary 's decision !, 
  that applies to every single country in the west and most * especially * to the u.s. 
  so why single out the uk for ridicule ? 
  the uk is doing the smart thing strategically here . 
  they already have a special relationship with america and adding china to the mix gives them a great strategic hedge . 
  the uk is way ahead of the rest of europe in the diplomatic arena , just as it has been powering ahead of the eurozone in the recovery . 
  instead of being bitter about the brits , maybe you should learn from them . 
  they did n't build an empire by accident . 
  they outsmarted the world then and they show they can outsmart the rest of europe now . 
  yet all i see is bitter tears . 
  i 'm not surprised by the level of bitterness/cynicism on display in this thread . 
  bbc does a world survey on attitudes and in their 2014 edition , china gets massive negatives by every single country in the eu , except the uk ( which is evenly split ) . 
  i do laugh at people saying china 's a bad country because of their form of government but being close to america is cool , oh and let 's forget the endless invasions and the constant meddling in foreign countries affairs . 
  over time , more europeans , especially younger ones , will understand that their parents obsessive need to be america 's lapdog was an idiotic mistake and that a much smarter approach would be to learn from india , which has a more balanced foreign policy . 
  ( i 'm not suggesting india is closer to china than to the u.s. , but given how easy people misconstrue things i 've learnt it often pays to be overly clear ) . 
  this news remind me once again that i wished that the eu was controlled by a british pm and not a german one . 
   so overall given the limitations of our constitution what she is doing seems to be relatively reasonable so you 're still spreading propaganda . 
  you constantly choose to omit she widened the definitions of asylum seeking countries and basically gave everyone from syria a free pass . 
  that 's what started the stampede . 
  that was n't forced on her , it was n't in the constitution . 
  it was * her * choice . 
  why are you * constantly * trying to omit this ? 
  are you a compulsive liar ? 
  i would n't be surprised if you believe your own lies . 
  maybe you 'll be merkel 's last supporter , long after everyone else has declared her response a failure . 
  but everyone else should remember : merkel changed the criteria for asylum and the constitution did n't force her . 
  it was a man-made mistake and she should own up to that - as well as her pathetic lapdogs . 
   turkey has taken on far far far more than germany yet they do n't bitch nearly as much a muslim-majority middle eastern nation taking in refugees who are almost all middle eastern muslims ? 
  such strain !, 
  come back when they take in many millions of african christians . 
  also , most of the refugees are never going to get citizenship . 
  unlike in europe , where they are welcomed into the social benefit net and as such cost far more money than being housed temporarily in tent cities . 
   `` moral superpower '' like sweden this is working out just great for us , i can attest . 
  there 's something fucked up about germanic culture right now . 
  it seems to be something the anglo-saxons do n't suffer from , and certainly not the slavs . 
  being moral does n't mean taking national suicide . 
  where is this impulse coming from ? 
  please [ do n't embarrass ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3p5rln/were_under_water_germany_shows_signs_of_strain/cw3uacw ) yourself further , thanks . 
   that was mostly because most proposals from the right i have heard are unconstitutional ( like setting an upper limit ) most of the people replying to you may be idiots , but i 'm not . 
  i see what you 're trying to do ( badly ) .
