  to add some context , the chinese have not done their homework which they said they would do . 
  that means * substantially * cutting their iron and steel-making overcapacity . 
  despite all the talk , they are now stimulating their economy and pushing deflation on the world through massive industrial overcapacity instead of doing the hard stuff at home , sacrificing short-term gdp growth but clearing out overcapacity . 
  now they want others to pay the bill . 
  the strongest voice for nevertheless granting mes status was the uk , when it was still sucking up to chinese and selling out its national security via the hinckley c nuclear power plant to the chinese . 
  however , may is less of a bootlicker than cameron and the uk is on the way out anyway , so we may now finally have some much-needed action on this issue . 
  there 's no reason to grant the chinese what they want without any reciprocity . 
  that kind of attitude is the epitome of complacency . 
  migration does help . 
  the uk is basically the america of europe . 
  it disproportionately attracts the best and brightest of outside europe . 
  it 's no coincidence that they have the highest share of chinese immigrants of any european country . 
  the indian diaspora is easier to explain due to colonial legacy , but if you look at asian high skilled migrants , they tend to flock to the uk . 
  also , anglo-saxon economies tend to be more free-market oriented in general . 
  most long-run economic forecasts have predicted that the uk will surpass germany in total economic size and gdp per capita by 2050 . 
  this is achieved by having higher birth rates , better immigration system ( the uk non-eu migration is mostly skilled already , whereas germany is going all in on low developed refugee migration ) and a tax system more beneficial to start-ups . 
  it remains to be seen whether this will happen , but since demographics is destiny , i 'd certaily bet on the uk more than on germany in the long run if both countries keep their current migration policies . 
  economic policy is more mallable so it can change a lot more , whereas demographic change is for the most part permanent . 
  edit : also , the uk has continued to grown faster , or at least as fast as germany ( on a per capita basis ) , * after * the crisis , so i do n't really buy your theory . 
  in prison he would do equal amount of damage , if not more . 
  look at france 's prison population getting radicalised by the imams . 
  except these are some of the most violent types in the nation . 
  you 're missing the guy 's point . 
  it 's allowed in islamic doctrine . 
  the islamic prophet approved of sex slaves and his men had sex slaves . 
  it 's ahistorical to deny that . 
  so , the imam is only endorsing what his religion allows . 
  that does n't make it right , but it does n't make it less of a fact . 
   full of raging hormones that got angry because his application takes month to process while he is n't allowed to go to school or work , gets radicalized by internet propaganda and finally snaps yeah man , my asylum application is taking too long ... * snaps * die all of you !, 
  that 's totally how it goes . 
   we must champion and extol virtues of western culture ( equality , freedom of choice , liberalism ) until the conflict between them and islam leaves an ` islam of the gaps ' at root of every religion is the prophet of the religion . 
  if you are a muslim , you must believe that your prophet was the most complete man to ever have walked on earth . 
  that is not optional . 
  it is mandatory . 
  since he was someone who gladly killed people , was a paedophile and oversaw his soldiers taking sexual slaves , no amount of reform will be sufficient because hardliners will always be able to say : and who are * you * ? 
  a random white person , an authority of islam or the prophet himself ? 
  that 's why those reform efforts are always doomed . 
  jesus was a saintly figure . 
  so was buddha . 
  so even if christians were doing beastly acts , the reformers always had the upper hand in terms of religious doctrine . 
  they could just point to the prophet . 
  the problem for a liberal interpretation/reform of islam is that you * ca n't * do that . 
  and if you think a secular , non-muslim state can overpower the influence of the imams i am literally laughing at you . 
   claiming there have been no reforms ( wahhabism is one ) that 's correct , there has been `` reforms '' of islam , but the problem is that most of the impactful ones in recent times have been fundamentalist . 
  that is a sign of the problem in of itself . 
  thread about turkey making a fool out of itself again : butthurt turkish nationalists crying itt . 
  everytime . 
  pkk does n't do terrorism because it 's fun . 
  they are doing it because the turkish state has been oppressing the kurds for decades . 
  you can be as defensive about it , but believe me , i 've heard all the excuses and they 're bullshit . 
  obviously everyone would want a peaceful solution but when the turkish military is razing entire neighbourhoods in kurdish cities , do you expect them to lie down and just take it ? 
  also , kurds form around 20 % of turkey 's population with a twice as high tfr . 
  it makes sense to be on their good side since they could become the majority population within 50 years or so , especially if there is a big war and the borders become unenforcable , a lot of kurds from iraq and syria would pour in . 
  actually , it is an ultimatum . 
  it 's us or him . 
  what will he do ? 
  obviously he will reduce ties , that is self-explanatory . 
  so if what you 're saying is true , / u/hipokryzja is n't correct in saying he was against the democratic government , rather he seemed to be against the former communist dirty fishes retaining control under the guise of democracy , and he wanted a real clean slate . 
  sounds like a decent guy to me . 
  says the guy posting at / r/the _ donald . 
  the past is never dead . 
  it 's not even past . 
  - faulkner a truer quote is hard to find . 
  history is * always * being fought over . 
  and it 's na\u00efve to think it is only done by right-wingers . 
  we 've seen plenty of left-wing revisionism in my country , but when they do it , all of a sudden it is n't revionism . 
  it is bullshit , of course . 
  it 's hard to find genuinely objective people dedicated to finding the truth . 
  typically the most neutral people tend to be outsiders , and even then they have their biases . 
   he wanted to launch a coup d'etat against the first polish democratic government in early 90ties and only failed cause the army did n't agree go on ... 
   i would like to know however an answer to my question regarding the threshold at which actions become intolerable even for a tolerant society . 
  there is no universal threshold , because each country will have different weights on what is important to them . 
  france 's strident secularism will mean their calculus will differ to that of , say , the uk where religious sharia courts are operating under the purview of common law . 
  for that reason , i can not give you a universal answer because there is none , as not all countries are the same . 
   no country except germany and the border countries seem to have solutions that 's not true . 
  hungary has laid out detailed plans . 
  but those get ignored because they go right across of what germany wants , which is a relatively loose system . 
  living illegally in germany , for instance . 
  he was being sarcastic , bro . 
  i do n't mind that , especially given france 's strong secularist foundation . 
  what i am against is this labeling of the burqa ban as somehow based on `` security '' or even against radicalisation . 
  no evidence it would help on either . 
  ( for the record , i am in favour of france 's ban , but only on the grounds of la\u00efcit\u00e9 , and no other ) . 
  well , in france , it is a bannable offence to wear a zentai , precisely because of the issue you raised . 
  i 'll concede that a ban could be warranted based on [ how moronic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zentai#/media/file:morphsuit_in_downtown_toronto_02.jpg ) it looks , but for the love of god , make a specific law against zentai 's instead then . 
  the public polls i 've seen indicate massive , cross-ideological support in most countries . 
  but bashing the convenient bogeyman leftist is just too tempting for some . 
   i think individual rights take ** absolute ** precedence over cultural sensibilities . 
  could n't disagree more . 
  i believe individual rights should take * relative * precedence over cultural norms . 
  the norms that modern germany holds dear are liberal , secular and enlightenment values . 
  it 's the old dilemma which karl popper wrote at length about , how does a tolerant and liberal society deal with those who are fundamentally intolerant ? 
  my answer is that even a tolerant society must , at some point , show a certain degree of intolerance towads values which strikes at the heart of its foundations . 
   society should not be able to restrict behaviour just because it is deemed to be undesirable as long as it does n't violate other rights . 
  i make a distinction between private and the public sphere . 
  i think it is reasonable to make demands upon people when they are in the public arena which we would n't in the space of their private homes . 
  we are dependent upon each other in public life in a different way , even in the most mundane interactions . 
   the imperial flag that is flown at every pegida rally represents values i consider incompatible with a free society . 
  would you ban it ? 
  i think the imperial flag is just imperial nostalgia , not much different than a british person waving a symbol associated with their imperial past .
