  45 % of illegal immigrants in america come via plane . 
  you know why ? 
  cheap labour . 
  the reason those people come in over and over again is because the gop is dominated by its donor interests , which love cheap labour , and the dems are dominated by ethnic pressure groups like la raza which does n't even want to allow people calling illegal immigrants ... illegal immigrants . 
  `` undocumented workers '' or whatever the neologism they prefer . 
  so , to go back to my previous point , america is not a good guide here , because your political parties have been corrupted and dominated by special interests who both conspire to have a porous border ( money for donors on the gop side and a reliable voter bank for the dems ) . 
  in europe , money plays a much lower part in politics than in america . 
  our ethnic pressure groups , while there , are also far weaker . 
  for us , the bigger problem is just the general attitude that doing anything serious about it is ` racism ' . 
  the far-right will never come to power , but they do have a way of wakening up the mainstream from their snooze . 
  that certainly happened to the sdp recently in austria . 
  also , if we do have a pressure group on immigration in europe then it 's probably the v4 . 
  but that kind of pressure group is n't doing damage , rather it 's blunting it . 
   if you want it to stop , you have to close up how they get back . 
  nah , you can make it stop by a series of ways . 
  first , amend the pull factors . 
  secondly , destroy any chances of getting to stay illegally . 
  these are harder to push through than you think . 
  merkel tried but the greens are pushing at her most far-reaching proposals . 
  finally , some of us * do * want to see some refugee migration , but we want it to be like what the british have proposed , which is to do the vetting on-site and thus be sure that the people coming are a ) not a threat and b ) not economic migrants but genuine refugees . 
  that kind of system could work , but only if it is done on a system-wide level ( eu that is ) and relatively small-scale . 
  while i hold out hope , right now it looks like it is still every man for himself . 
  we 'd probably need a new treaty to fix this . 
   australia takes immigrants , not refugees . 
  i 'm aware . 
  which is why i wrote :  we should have moved to an australian/canadian system back then i pointed out that the sheer numbers is in of itself not an issue . 
  australia 's net migration rate is higher than ours . 
  what matters is * quality * . 
  sweden also has a very high-tech economy , which means that the threshold for entry is very high for immigrants coming here . 
  only the swiss is more demanding of its workers ' skills in the oecd . 
  `` immigrant countries '' is utter tripe . 
  i already wrote down below that if sweden took in the kind of immigrants that australia takes - high-skill asians - then we would n't have any issues with integration at all . 
  the east asian/indian migrants we have are fitting in without zero problems . 
  i do n't buy the mythological bs about `` nation of immigrants '' . 
  at all . 
  it 's all about the kind of immigration system you have . 
  if you bring in people with the economic skills + cultural values that fits in , integration will solve itself . 
  it 's not harder than that . 
  if sweden took in high-skilled asian immigrants , we would n't have any problems at all . 
  in fact , the asian immigrants we do have ( thai , chinese , philippines , indian ) are very well integrated . 
  people overrate culture and the whole `` nation of immigrants '' bs . 
  it 's just total bullshit . 
  if you take in mostly high-skill asians , you 're going to succeed . 
  it 's not harder than that . 
  rest is footnotes . 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  source ? 
  it 's not bad , but slovakia 's economy is even better . 
  their productivity growth is better and so is their current account . 
  their growth rate is about equal , despite slovakia having a nominal gdp per capita significantly above poland 's . 
  poland has n't had a year of negative growth for 25 years , so it 's not like it has been doing badly , but if you compare the irish experience or the korean experience , its convergence has been far slower , but nevertheless certainly above the vast majority of developing countries . 
  east poland !, 
  disagree . 
  australia takes in far more per capita than we do . 
  it 's not so much quanitity than what kind of people you take in . 
  sweden has the 2nd lowest share of low-skill jobs in the oecd . 
  many of the refugees who come are often semi-illiterate . 
  there was a time when you could find a lot of jobs for those kind of people in sweden , it was called the 1960s . 
  tbh , the current system should have been scrapped decades ago and we should have moved to an australian/canadian system back then , but swedish debate has always been hysterical on all social issues , not just immigration . 
  another great example is the inability to calmly discuss feminism in sweden without being yelled at and slurred . 
  so the necessary debate was postponed until we literally hit a wall . 
  i doubt many have still learned the lesson tbh . 
  germany got fucking lucky because the suicide bomber was a bloody idiot . 
  if he had any competence , dozens of people would have died . 
  think a big blast in the middle of a crowd in a festival . 
  the lesson learned here is that once you get a rejected application * and you 're known to the police as a danger * , you should n't be allowed to move freely but be shipped back asap or put in somekind of detention camp until you can be deported . 
  let 's hope people wo n't have to pay with their lives for germany to learn this lesson . 
  to be fair , how overrepresented has a 5 % religious minority been in terrorist attacks over the past year ? 
  you make it sound as if it completely proportional , when it is far , far from the case . 
   allahu akbar  do n't start chanting terrorist slogans the swastika is not a racist symbol , because it has become that anyway in many people 's ignorant minds because they do n't know the deep roots of the symbol . 
  the phrase in question is not a ` terrorist slogan ' , it 's merely been hijacked by terrorists and people should know better to differentiate . 
   and with the `` relatinship-crime '' , is just cited the words ( by clumsily translating them ) . 
  used by the police fine  no , terrorism is an attack to cause terror which is what he did by attacking scores of innocent bystandards . 
  just calling that `` running amok '' does n't cut it . 
  you might say he did n't plan it , but its the result that counts . 
  once innocents are attacked randomly , would n't you say it crosses the threshold for a possible terror attack ? 
  not every terrorist has to be superideological to spread panic , or even plan it . 
  what goes through someone 's mind to kill one person and then turn on 5 others ? 
  if it was * only * about the relation , then it would only be her and then he 'd flee . 
  yet he did n't - and went after scores of others . 
  that changes the equation . 
  he * did * have breivik as his profile pic on whatsapp . 
  that is a fact . 
  that does n't happen by accident . 
  how many people would have a pic of a mass murderer as their profile picture ? 
  obviously only if you admire him and what he stands for . 
  why would you even try to deny that ? 
  there is an iranian fringe who believe in the aryan theory , and who believe that islam is a foreign religion by a foreign/hostile race ( arabs ) and that the * true * aryan religion is zoroastrian . 
  while i doubt he was religious , there are no reasons not to believe he did n't see himself as aryan . 
  if you are pro-breivik , you have to hate islam . 
  convenient of you to leave out the nazi slur . 
  sure there are similarities , in that both are totalitarian , but nazism belives in racial purity and communism in the struggle and the eventual dictatorship of the working classes and explicit anti-racism . 
  please educate yourself . 
  http://www.politico.eu/article/gunther-oettinger-no-visa-waiver-for-turkey-this-year-coup-recep-tayyip-erdogan/ they are only willing to rule it out for no more than a year . 
  even despite all the post-coup fallout . 
  what makes you think it wo n't happen in the next 20 ? 
  i 'd say it 's overwhelmingly likely to happen within the next 24 months . 
   local communist  no limit to how much your hamster wheel can work to spin it in favor of jihadism  sieg heil [ ... ] i guess thats cool in your book as well ? 
   a fascist pig like you so i 'm either a communist or a pro-nazi fascist ? 
  you have to make up your mind , because your slurs are even less intelligent than your comments in general .
