  also , is there any constitutional checks involved here ? 
  i 'm thinking the supreme court of spain . 
  do they need to approve this ? 
  from what i 've understood , catalonia is the most successful region of spain by a significant margin . 
  kind of like the venetian region in italy ( which has also made noises of independence , although not gone as far as the catalonians ) . 
  i mean you already have a small independent state on the border of spain , like andorra . 
  plus catalonia has a much better geographical position and with a major city which many rank as more attractive than spain 's capital . 
  so i do n't know if i agree with you . 
  i can certainly see the benefits for the catalonians , but again , as a european , i do n't want to see the splintering of europe . 
  just thought i 'd remind people of a massive vote coming along this sunday . 
  [ the polling ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_catalonian_parliamentary_election,_2015 ) strongly suggests we will see a breakoff . 
  any catalans and/or spainards around who can provide some more in-depth commentary ? 
  and for us who are not living in spain , what are your positions ? 
  obviously i support peolpe 's right to self-determination but as a federalist , i do n't want to see europe breaking down into small little fiefdoms . 
  he 's a moron and lemontolha is n't much better for trying to make an equivalence between you two . 
  i get that cameron is obviously concerned with british interests first and foremost but my god , do i wish he had the dominance in europe instead of the hapless hausfrau merkel right now . 
  say whatever you want about him , but he 's a conservative on all issues , not a right-winger on economics and a radical leftist on social/identity/immigration issues like merkel . 
  i would n't bet against a brexit in 2017 . 
  exactly my point . 
  you just made it a lot faster and more direct :p and btw , being in favor of those things is n't `` conservative '' -- it 's libertarian/neoliberal . 
  which is why i am pushing for a * cultural * definition of who is and who is n't conservative . 
  what they are doing on economics has nothing to do with conservatism . 
  i see your points , but here 's the issue you have to think about . 
  i 'll start from the bottom :  say you want to indianize yourself . 
  you travel to delhi in your hippie clothes , swap k\u00f6ttbullar to palak paneer , study upanishads and vedas , and play sitar in your free time . 
  i think after many years ( a decade ? 
  two ? ), 
  you might effectively become indian . 
  the main issue with this assumption is that the people who do this is are a * tiny * amount . 
  what you 're saying here is that someone from the west , like myself , cutting all connections with my roots and decide to become someone else entirely . 
  nevermind that most indians would probably look at a tall , blue-eyed blond-haired man and not think that i am a part of their country and nevermind that most people would probably feel that rejection as an invalidation of their attempts to become something when the host/native population rejects those attempts . 
  that is n't to say that people would n't treat me nicely , but you are supposed to treat strangers nicely after all . 
  the point i am making is that this is * very * rare to do . 
  most people immigrating do not do it for cultural reasons , which is what you cited as an example . 
  the overwhelming majority immigrates because of economic opportunity . 
  they do n't come to places because they fell in love with the culture from abroad and want to radically abandon their culture as a result . 
  this is what you do n't get , and which is probably informed by you living in poland . 
  you do n't have contacts with non-europeans on a daily basis . 
  it 's a lot easier for me to immigrate to another european country and assimilate , because the cultural distance is so small . 
  so while i agree with you that there is a sociological/cultural component in identity , it 's also * intertwined * with ethnicity/race . 
  think of the chinese culture . 
  who is going to move it forward ? 
  yes , you 'll get a small minority of people who will assimilate other people 's cultures and take it as their own , but the reality is that most people do n't immigrate for cultural reasons . 
  what you cite is a very small minority . 
  the vast majority immigrates because of economics/opportunities and they will only integrate as much as they have to/are forced . 
  and this is especially problematic for the 2nd generation , when they are raised in a culture at odds with the host society but are nevertheless influenced by the native population 's culture . 
  what happens is identity crisis . 
  and that is part of the reason why most survey 's show that 2nd generation muslim immigrants are more radical/reactionary than their parents . 
  if it was so easy to assimilate cultural values we would n't have the problems that we do . 
  the bottom line is that you a ) grossly misunderstand the reasons why 99 % of people immigrate : economics and opportunities , * not * because they want to be part of a culture . 
  b ) underestimate how hard it is for 2nd generation children to integrate to a society of which their parents knew little to nothing about and only came because of economics . 
  finally , i also think that tribalism/ethnocentrism is hardcoded in our genes . 
  not everyone has it , but a lot of people do . 
  it made sense evolutionarily . 
  if you have limited resources to fight for , what better way to organize than around tribes and villages ? 
  the point is that human behaviour is not 100 % culture . 
  a lot of our instincts are based on genetics , dna , things that are passed down the generations because it helped us in evolution . 
  also , and i promise this is my final * final * point . 
  you 're overestimating our general attractiveness culturally speaking . 
  just because someone wants to live in a rich country * does n't * mean that they want to be part of that culture . 
  believe it or not , not everyone wants to live like a white secular liberal . 
  this is often hard for white secular liberals to understand , which is n't surprising , considering how separated most of them live from the people they want in their countries . 
  this is pretty obvious in most western european countries now . 
  there are large parts of peoples who are here for the economic opportunities but that do n't only do n't want to be a part of our culture , in fact many despise it , for they view it as decadent for allowing freedom to gay people , giving too much leeway to women etc. 
  the view that a lot of european elites had was like your view : oh it 'll be fine over time !, 
  just give it time !, 
  we 've given it 50 years now . 
  it has n't improved and by some measures it has gotten worse . 
  culture and ethnicity matters , neither can be separated from the other . 
  i edited my comment because that passage was unclear . 
  i was talking about poland in the `` yeah the opposition '' segment . 
  nevertheless , your comment was interesting in of itself . 
  no i do n't think it 's normal to want your country to radically change and call yourself a `` conservative '' , but i am aware of the ` logic ' being used to use christianity as a tool to push 3rd world immigration . 
  also , not all refugees are the same . 
  integrating people from east germany is completely different from taking in people from the arab-muslim world where most have extremely reactionary views on women , gays , free speech ( especially on matters of religion ) etc etc. 
  further , most people coming now are n't even refugees but economic migrants . 
  lastly , only 20 % are even coming from syria to germany in the first place which should tell you everything you need to know . 
  ( and that obscures the fact that it is very easy to buy a forged syrian passport , as the dutch journalist has showed ) . 
  from my perspective , it 's better to completetly flood the country . 
  this might sound counter-intuitive but my reasoning is two-fold : 1 . 
  any country that faces the massive invasion that sweden now does and fails to respond adequately is no longer a country that has the will to live , and as such , does n't deserve to exist anymore . 
  if sweden turns around , which i actually think it will at some point , it will be far more radical than it is now . 
  for me , this opens the issue of repatriation . 
  this is needed . 
  for let 's assume that the main parties caught their senses tomorrow and said , sweden is going to cut asylum migration by 10x . 
  okay . 
  well , what do you do with the masses already here ? 
  the massive amounts of ghettoes in this country already ? 
  so while more flooding might seem bad in the short term , it could help the country get to a solution that is better long-term . 
  and if it * does n't * , then see # 1 . 
  right but that does n't solve the long-term problem . 
  one party ca n't hold the power forever . 
  and having one of the main parties in poland to basically do a 180 and push a 3rd world immigration agenda is very problematic ( read : suicidal ) . 
  so this does n't solve anything , even if pis wins the next election . 
  the issue is that neither party should be pushing this . 
  this should n't be a left/right issue . 
  it should be like free speech or the right of women to vote . 
  no matter which party you vote for , all agree in principle on the same thing . 
  and that 's why this is so concerning , because po has broken with this . 
  they said , literally 2 days ago , that merkel brought this upon herself ( true ) .
