  what merkel did was to expand who had a right to apply asylum . 
  you do n't need to raise or lower the upper limit , you just have to change the critera . 
  but by ignoring that , you 're trying to pretend that she 's hapless in this and any significant change would be `` unconstitutional '' . 
  actually , it 's very simple : go back to strict criteria which existed in 2005-2006 in germany and the problem is solved . 
  i am really amusing by how the open borders people constantly try to hide behind paragraphs which they count on other people being ignorant about . 
  judging by the replies to you , it 's fairly easy to fool a lot of idiots into believing the misinformation you sprout . 
  it 's not that what you state is a direct lie ; it 's that you omit critical information by only presenting a partial view of the truth , so it 's lying by omission . 
  and the fools are all buying it . 
  anabis , that basically proves that this is n't about saving people or `` showing humanity '' . 
  if these people truly cared they could save tens of millions instead of a few hundreds of thousands . 
  let 's call it what it is : ideological mass immigration under the pretense of `` human rights '' . 
  plot twist : merkel 's feet are both left . 
  the website is a comedy goldmine . 
  i kind of wish they were right , actually . 
  in reality , however , they live in a parallell universe like 99 % of all socialists . 
  it is worthy of ridicule , because the eu elites are throwing away everything in exchange for nothing . 
  turkey 's been 100 % unreliable as a partner in the past years , on everything from smuggling weapons to jihadists in syria , to having shockingly porous borders for the fighters themselves or their committment to `` bomb isis '' which in effect turned into a anti-kurdish campaign . 
  why should we believe a single word they have to say ? 
  but no !, 
  let 's reward their treason with eu membership !, 
  the merkel-dominated eu keeps sinking to new lows . 
  i 'm glad the turks said no in a way , europe needs protection from itself sometimes . 
  omg !, 
  they were * drunk * at one point in their life !, 
  how dare they !, 
  that surely means they had it coming from trying to do the job the police refused to do !, 
  for everyone asking why swedes ( in general ) do n't do anything etc , remember this : sweden has n't had a war in 200 years . 
  do n't underestimate the effects of this . 
  even if you went to your grand-parents and asked them about * their * grand-parents , war is not in people 's collective memory . 
  also , being a pacifist country has de facto served sweden well for these past centuries from a purely material perspective . 
  it avoided the bloodshed of the two world wars . 
  the price for that was its manhood . 
  one last thing . 
  if you look at survey 's on people 's well-being , swedes rank near the top . 
  that should speak volumes about the social separatism which exists between the natives and the foreigners . 
  it 's perfectly normal to live in a homogenous neighbourhood and work in a homogenous workplace with a homogenous friendship circle in sweden today , and many swedes do . 
  as such , there is little outside pressure to change . 
  orban is incorrect of course . 
  islam has been a part of europe - as part of an invading army . 
  but those who jump on orban should ask themselves : why did christianity find it so easy to convert people in the early days ( all your examples of forceful conversion are centuries after christianity became mainstream in europe ) ? 
  why has islam struggled on a basic level in a way christianity never did when it spread through europe ? 
  it has only really been able to spread by sword and even then it has always failed . 
  this is something i have n't seen anyone really deal with , probably because they wo n't like the answer . 
  no , but there is an underclass of people who convert because there is social pressure to do so . 
  i live close to a ghetto and i see quite a few white working class girls converting . 
  it 's done by pressure and social ease . 
  if you 're muslim , you wo n't be harassed as much . 
  so you 're assuming people who convert do it out of their own deliberations without any social pressure . 
  a lot of people who do convert do so because they live as a minority and/or under pressure already . 
  you see the same in england with the white working class in bradford and parts of birmingham . 
  rekt . 
  also , remember when we 're told that so much of math came from the arab world , and usually we 're given the invention of zero as an example . 
  except the arabs took that from india and since europe first came into contact with the concept of zero from the arabs , it 's been called `` arabic numbers '' . 
  there are a lot of examples like that . 
   they lived in spain a long time and then in the balkans yes , as the religion of an invading army . 
  just in the same way christianity was spread to india through the british colonisers . 
  but i do n't think you 'd defend that , would you ? 
  how did christianity find itself in europe in the first place ? 
  was it by army ? 
  i do n't recall it to be so , but maybe you have an alternative history . 
  do n't use logic on the internet - it can confuse people . 
   looks like a person who likes to squat and will fuck you up the two always come together . 
  so you judge a country 's economical system on how you can buy a mustang ? 
  look at productivity stats from eurostat and see how norway is crushing everyone . 
  if anyone 's economic system works , it 's theirs . 
  and no , oil wealth does n't give someone a free pass on productivity ( see canada for exhibit a1 , or the gulf states ) . 
  if you want a muscle car , go fuck a tailpipe . 
  evs are the future . 
  for all the talk about greece being bankrupt , it 's certainly refreshing to be reminded that the situation there is more complicated than the memes we so often hear about the place . 
  ( not saying it 's all roses , but you know what i mean ) . 
  no , it does n't `` exclude '' debt , it merely substracts debt . 
  but the debt is still calculated . 
  and it gives a wrongful impression of how wealthy the citizens are if they have a lot of astronomically valued houses . 
  it would be much better to look at net financial assets instead . 
  it would provide a much better and clearer image of the true financial status of households . 
   this is net mean wealth though , rising debt would lower net wealth . 
  debt can rise as long as the house prices rise even faster . 
  this means that net wealth rises , but my point is that the problem start to surface when the house prices fall - as they must at some point . 
  debt does n't fall with with prices , meaning a hell of a lot of swedes are going to be financially deliquent and underwater with their mortgages . 
  please learn econ101 , thanks . 
  the question now is which world cup * has n't * been bought rather than which has . 
  actually the joke is funny because it 's plausible . 
  romania 's been doing great on corruption lately . 
  just a reminder about sweden . 
  a lot of that ` wealth ' is actually house prices , which have skyrocketed in the last 7-8 years and show no sign of abating . 
  the price ( no pun intended ) of this bubble is massively increased private debt . 
  sweden has one of the highest household debts in the world . 
  so i do n't consider these wealth stats to be very reliable because you could say a lot of americans were very ` wealthy ' in 2006 , too , when their housing bubble was peaking . 
  this is such a non-story , the main changes only affect the balkans . 
  what 's their population growth trajectory ? 
  this does nothing to deter those from the 3rd world , but it allows the german government to sound like it 's hard-hitting and serious but in reality the party goes on . 
  move along . 
  reuters is great . 
  ap is great , too . 
  i 'd say itv is doing a good job in the uk , if you want uk-centric views . 
  while the bbc is biased on topics like migration , their uk politics coverage is mostly excellent . 
  their coverage of general world news ( what 's happening in bangladesh these days ? ), 
  is also mostly excellent . 
  there are topics which are automatically very subjective and anything with asylum/migration/gender issues/feminism are such . 
  you 're not going to get a fair reading from the bbc on those , just keep it in mind .
