  not to mention house , rent or car . 
  we pay most for gas or oil per hour worked in entire eu . 
  polish food prices are the lowest in the entire of eu-28 once adjusted for ppp . 
  also , that you pay most for oil and gas is not a bad thing , it is a good thing . 
  you should not use as much fossil fuels . 
  you 've already slacked too much on moving towards renewable energy . 
  cars are not even needed for the most part in big cities . 
  the solution there is to build out public transport . 
  and for long-range travel , when train/buses are not available , it is better to vote in politicians which will prioritise the rapid adoption of evs . 
  also , as i 've already mentioned , your housing index has been flat for 6 years running . 
  good point , although i remain skeptical it is only about cultural choices . 
  in many of these countries , housing availability is often quite low , so even if housing is decently cheap , there is often a severe , multi-generational lack of houses to begin with . 
  but it 's an interesting question to ponder about , what would happen if , say , poland started to build 2x or 3x amount of houses . 
  would people still stay at home so long ? 
  i remain doubtful , although it is possible it would happen to a greater share than in my country , for instance . 
  oh , stop bullshitting , will you ? 
  the only thing people here were ridiculing was the pollyannaish pronunciations of the brexit camp . 
  have you already conveniently forgotten the `` 350 million to nhs '' lie ? 
  what about `` we 're tired of the experts '' ? 
  there were an endless stream of lies that the brexit camp pumped out and its downright silly to sweep that under the carpet and play the victim of the bullies in r/europe . 
  the average wage in poland is roughly 1000 $ ( 4150 pln in q1 of 2016 according to your national bank ) . 
  sure , it is some ways off , but let 's not kid ourselves that it is extremely poor . 
  poland also have very low prices for food and rent . 
  your housing index has not moved one iota for 6 years , so relative housing affordability is improving ( which is good , because far too many of your young people live with their parents until their 30s ) . 
   i 'm not sure why do you think having good relations with mostly christian states is a detriment for the leader of muslim world i do n't . 
  i was merely sarcastically referring to their neo-ottoman delusions post-arab spring . 
  how turkey would emerge as the champion and example of the muslim world etc. 
  it was an ironic wink towards that policy . 
  i was n't contesting the validity of his comment , merely him spamming the board in every single thread . 
  oh , and when someone is spamming the board , they are not focusing on their lecture . 
  nice try , though . 
  huh , til . 
  nevertheless , it 's a good quote and it applies in this situation . 
  indeed . 
  good correction , good name . 
  hit both of the relevant metrics . 
  it 's an inside joke and refers to [ * this ad * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knk7dredg3i ) [ more background info ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/why_didn%27t_you_invest_in_eastern_poland%3f ), 
  au contraire . 
   if they wont , just invade syria or libya , both are already failed states , and protect reasonable small area to dump them there + supplies . 
  and then what ? 
  keep a military occupation forever ? 
  libya is now being fought over by various militant islamist groups . 
  whoever wins , we lose . 
  do you know what happens if you build a big fat humanitarian refugee camp with lots of free stuff/food ? 
  * people will come * . 
  it is a giant magnet . 
  then you have to build a bigger , and bigger and bigger camp . 
  ask jordan how they have enjoyed having millions of palestinians as permament refugees in their country for decades . 
   turkey , on the other hand , never has been a very reliable ally . 
  coups , political instability , spats of islamist breakouts that can be said for egypt and iran , too . 
  if we count them as significant forces in the middle east , then turkey counts as well . 
   our interests and theirs overlapping was dominant during the cold war ( i.e. 
  insulation from the soviets for them vs. a tactical buff for us ) , less relevant now . 
  for europe , yes , but turkey is important for american power projection into the middle east . 
  the whole point is to safeguard important oil fields . 
  if there was ever a shia uprising against the sunni house of saud in sa 's eastern provinces and their army was overrun like iraq 's in 2014 , then uncle sam needs multiple ways to help , the gcc alone is n't enough . 
  the implication here is that the world oil 's supply is of a core national interest for europe as well . 
  further , a stable turkey is important in halting the spread of radical islam from iraq/syria , although i am personally skeptical of this theory , as erdogan has been if anything a co-conspirator in the rise of these islamist mass movements . 
  i think the turkish alliance , as it stands , is on its last legs . 
  its primary usefulness is still to be a base of american military power to safeguard western interests ( and by extention , european interests ) . 
  nevertheless , i would not exactly cry myself to sleep if turkey was cut loose . 
  there are significant benefits to that proposition as well . 
   turkey has repeatedly said it will not allow the formation of a kurdish state , thus odds are that the kurdish problem is about to demand a much , much larger effort from our boy mr. democracy . 
  throw in alienation from the west and the pressure is on . 
  the kurds have demanded a lot from our boy mr. democracy for decades . 
  repression is brutal and ugly , but it has worked thus far for turks . 
  of course , there is no guarantee that this will work forever , but if one thinks that this time is different , your argument has to be stronger than `` its 2016 , also democracy '' . 
  alienation from the west is not significant . 
  however , direct - and credible - support to the kurdish cause from western powers would be a game-changer , and that is the only realistic way i can see this escalate . 
  however , that would surely plunge turkey into a bloody civil war . 
  i do n't see how that would benefit us . 
  an alliance is not a master-slave relationship . 
  when turkey * de facto * pursues a pro-isis/pro-jihad foreign policy , then it is clear that is breaking with the foundations of nato and the values of europe . 
  it is certainly in its rightful domain to pursue such a policy , but please spare me the melodramatic accusations . 
  turkey can not realistically expect to endorse a pro-jihadist line and then assume that nothing will change . 
  to do so is the height of arrogance . 
  the irony of it all is that it is now moving towards a power which is even more against isis/jihadists than nato 's at time too ambivalent stance ( `` moderate rebels '' ) . 
   we are hosting 3 million syrian refugees while you guys lose you minds over 50k of them over there . 
  sweden took in more per capita refugees last year than any oecd . 
  ** ever ** . 
  you 're have bought the propaganda line of turkey the great victim . 
  turkey 's refugee intake is not as significant as that of other nations when looked on a per capita basis . 
  also , you do n't spend nearly as much on integrating them , you 're mostly hosting them . 
  we actually spend a lot of social welfare money on them , giving them free language classes a lot else . 
  the burden you have is marginal in comparison to a country like sweden or germany , since we are far more ambitious than you are , and far more generous in our dealing with refugees . 
  educate yourself . 
   i mean , to say something like `` secularism is a rotten corpse and irrelevant in turkey '' one really needs to be a misinformed individual to say the least . 
  i mean , you are offering a civil war as turkey 's last chance ... am i wrong ? 
  i argued that secularists in turkey are living in a delusion of their own making . 
  i look at the facts as they stand . 
  chp is a marginal force with no realistic chance of winning a significant election . 
  remember , the islamist faction in turkey extends beyond akp . 
  mhp is islamist-nationalist , not nationalist-secularist as it used to be . 
  hdp 's leadership has in some instances endorsed more progressive positions , but their * base * constains many pro-islamist supporters . 
  you and i both know that a significant fraction of kurds until recently were an import pillar in akp 's islamist coalition . 
  these people have not gone away , they have merely temporarily relocated to hdp out of tribal reasons . 
  and on top of this , you have the systematic re-orientation of the turkish educational system , with boatloads of religious schools popping up everywhere . 
  erdogan and g\u00fclen worked hand in hand to achieve this . 
  g\u00fclen may be gone , but his legacy remains and is continuously built upon . 
  demographics is destiny , as the israeli left and the american right have both recently learned .
