  they are not going to supply poland with the labour demands it needs over the long term , or even the medium term . 
  a combination of philippines + vietnam could , with india down the line . 
  i would not choose central asian republics as a source of labour . 
  their track record is mixed at best . 
  georgia 's demographics are too small and inconsequential to matter . 
  russians on their own would n't be a problem , if it was n't for the fact that their government would use a russian minority as an excuse to intervene militarily down the line . 
  so all your examples are bad . 
  focus on south-east asia and ukraine initially , with india down the line . 
  as i stated earlier , vietnamese could easily add a million or so workers over 20 years . 
  philippinos could add a million or more . 
  india could add many millions . 
  it 's important to look at not only economic success but also cultural success . 
  all three of those groups have a strong historical track record in european-majority countries in terms of cultural compatability . 
  that is a lesson which many we nations still have not learned , including my own . 
  given the nature of his comments , and poland 's stance on forced asylum quotas , it seems as if poland has . 
  i think the difference is that they own their own car companies , while you are a part of a supply-chain . 
  also , germany has very diversified exports , even with their automotive sector , while czechia has far less economic diversity . 
  that 's a big weakness , as this event has highlighted . 
  norway keeps being awesome . 
  it was amusing reading in the ev-threads about norway , where all these armchair experts confidently opined that the only reason why norway is doing so well with evs is because of their oil wealth . 
  aside from the logical conclusion , then then so must rich arab oil states ( which we all know they are not ) , this serves as another confirmation that their awesome track record is not a deterministic outcome of their wealth , but rather as a result of committed policies . 
  polices which are borne out of their social and national values . 
  values i happen to find deeply admirable . 
  norway stronk . 
  while ee nationalism gets all the headlines , i just want to point out that with the rise of afd , sd , fp\u00d6 , fn and with wilders doing great in the polls , hofer on the verge of getting the austrian presidency , it is tiring and myopic to constantly talking about ee nationalism . 
  nationalism is on the rise everywhere in europe . 
  even forms of left-wing `` economic '' nationalism like podemos in spain or someone like [ montebourg ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arnaud_montebourg#politics ) in france , who has called for outright economic nationalism . 
  nationalism is a dirty word for eu elites , but it is striking how often ee nations get to play the role of bogeymen when in reality , it 's a continent-wide trend , from left to right . 
  agreed . 
  i 'd add the southern europeans in the conversation , too . 
  too often they are treated as if they are just drags on everyone , and as such , we can just dismiss their voices . 
  well , they were right on austerity from 2011 onwards , but we preferred to label them as lazy latino tax cheats . 
  that worked wonders , did n't it ? 
  overall , i personally prefer more tighter integration . 
  i want a full fiscal union and a common defence . 
  nevertheless , i recognise that timing is everything and that the eu may need to become more flexible in the short - to medium-term which is what the v4 among others are proposing . 
  brexit ca n't be shrugged off as a one-off , if we do that , it shows we have learned nothing . 
  world bank , who are the de facto experts in developing economies , say that vietnam 's feriltiy rate is 1.96 . 
  in addition , it has been rising ever so slightly in recent years . 
  chart : http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/sp.dyn.tfrt.in?locations=vn-ph also , once you get close to 100 million people or so , and given their poverty , they could provide tens of thousands of workers per year to poland while feeling little to no dent themselves demographically . 
  the philippines is an even better source of labour . 
  catholic and like the vietnamese , share the east asian hard-working habits and have a track record of successive assimilation in western nations . 
  india is another huge source of labour , who also have a strong track record in western nations . 
  however , poland already has a small but growing east asian minority population so it might be easier to begin there first . 
  because the strain on social services becomes very significant . 
  you ca n't have a young population that is shrinking . 
  a shrinking population is * by definition * a very old population which is not reproducing itself . 
  that means that the strain on the current tax base becomes significant and far less resources can be allocated to productive use . 
  this is basic concepts . 
  most people seem to think that shrinking populations come without strings , but they are assocated with a plethora of social maladies . 
  the modern economic system is based on endless consumption growth . 
  that is just the way it is . 
  if you do n't have a lot of internal domestic demand , you need a lot of external domestic demand so you can export somewhere . 
  however , even this is coming under strain . 
  the major problem is that all the advanced nations are in much slower demographic growth . 
  china 's rise was hiding that for 10-15 years , but now india has failed to grow as rapidly as china did . 
  the middle east is still full of countries with a lot of demographic growth ( egypt , jordan , morocco , algeria , iraq etc ) , but their economic success is next to nothing . 
  sub-saharan africa is still very poor . 
  it looks to me like the `` new normal '' will prolonged until we get radical ai/robotics improvements . 
  probably 10-15 years from now . 
  until then , poland should balance itself demographically or become a far poorer japan . 
  not just legalise them , increase their intake . 
  poland should focus on eastern europeans , and south-east asians . 
  both demographics have good track records of integration ( both economically * and * socially , which is often overlooked ) . 
  filipinos should also be given a look , not least because they are very catholic and share the same sea hard-working mentality . 
  does n't preclude what he said . 
  smith/kinnock both laid the intellectual groundwork but blair was the messenger to win elections . 
  britain is not really conservative . 
  the tories introduced gay marriage in the last parliament . 
  it is more accurate to say that britain is * neoliberal * . 
  it only has hostility to economics ideas from the left , but as a society , it is n't conservative at all . 
  ask any genuine social conservatives in the tories how they feel treated by the leadership and you 'll get the honest answer . 
  both cameron and may are socially liberal people . 
  sorry , but that sounds like pure propaganda/cheap smears . 
  if he never showed up at any meetings longer than 5 min or spent all the cash on new age art for himself , he would have been held accountable for that ages ago . 
  britain is not a banana republic . 
  your comment reeks of bs . 
  `` nationalist leftism '' does n't exist . 
  plenty of leftists who are deeply skeptical of free trade , like bernie sanders , who are not nationalists by any measure . 
  opposition to free trade is n't the same as `` nationalism '' , it 's merely opposition to an economic ideology . 
  corbyn is just a garden-variety leftist . 
  for all the talk how radical he is , it 's surprising how much of a conventional socialist he is , once you really strip away all the overheated rhetoric . 
  this seems to confirm my working hypothesis for the past year : jupp\u00e9 vs le pen in the second round . 
  jupp\u00e9 summarily executes her without much effort , and thus becomes pm . 
  valls and sarkozy will bang on about the burkini forever . 
  sarkozy will bait the brits on calais . 
  but these are just shallow gestures . 
  both are seen as part of failed establishment . 
  jupp\u00e9 is also , of course , establishment , but from what i 've heard he has had a decently successful run as mayor of a big city ( bordeaux ) and is seen as a moderate . 
  then again , merkel was also seen as a moderate , then she imposed herbert hoover-esque policies in the eurozone crisis , greatly prolonging it . 
  so i guess the jury is out on what a jupp\u00e9-led france would look like . 
  i personally miss the irreverent france of old days . 
  we need a strong voice to be a counter-balance to the us-led status quo . 
  france last played that role in the lead-up to the iraq war but since then the nation has mostly contended itself with being a quiet poodle and doing what germany tells it to do ( while fooling itself that it had much if any say in the matter ) . 
  seeing a far more differentiated policy in military invasions of middle eastern countries ( libya was a flop , now they are talking about going after assad ) or the disastrous austerity policies would be most welcome . 
  southern europe is yet too weak to mount an offense on its own . 
  hollande has proved utterly spineless on the matter . 
  jupp\u00e9 is probably not that man of independence , though . 
  one can hope . 
  if not on economics then at least on foreign policy .
