  it seems like the world is regressing on the issue right now . 
  pay without a say . 
  actually , sweden is a smidgen ahead of you , just sayin ' ... , 
  turnkey ? 
  someone got ta populate greenland . 
  lithuania lost 30 % within a decade . 
  yeah . 
  basically joining the eu for lithuania was the demographic equivalent of the black plague in terms of population loss . 
  you are aware that the greeks literally created european civilisation , right ? 
  they are more european than any of the rest of us , and certainly a lot more than with you . 
  if anything , they have been cozying up to russkie lately , not exactly your bff . 
  i do n't see how this is a surprise . 
  it is well-known that erdogan wants to consolidate his power in the presidency before he goes for the visa . 
  once he has that power , he will start pressuring europe , and this time from a much stronger powerbase . 
  he has openly talked about an october deadline or even 2017 . 
  for people who think this is over , y' all have n't been paying attention . 
  overweight is not obese , though . 
  a lot of people are counted as ` overweight ' even if their bmi is 26-27 , and if they have a lot of muscles , their bmi would go up even if they are fit . 
  it 's only once you count for obese that you truly get a better picture of the problem . 
  that is because american music is dominated by r 'n' b , hip hop and black pop singers like beyonc\u00e9 . 
  american sports like nba is also very black , same is true of american football . 
  pop culture basically consists of music , sports and film . 
  the only part where black people are not vastly overrepresentated is in hollywood , but given the pressure recently , that will likely change as well . 
  what 's surprising to me , however , is how few asians there are in american pop culture . 
  both east and south asians . 
  ( although more of the latter ) . 
  they certainly seem to be upwardly mobile economically , plenty of them as ceos or in the tech world . 
  i guess my comparison would be with jews , who would more often than not be behind the camera or run the studios in hollywood but you would still find plenty of jewish movie stars . 
  most people still do n't know that paul newman was jewish , for instance . 
  yet that socioeconomic success for asians did n't seem to translate into pop culture visibility in the same way . 
  keep bringing the girls m8, 
  compromise : we will have a hockey match on it . 
  the best of canada vs best of all of europe . 
  if you win , you get to keep your independence . 
  if we win , we get you . 
  sounds like a fair deal , right ? 
  you might protest to our demographic advantage , but in reality , the only good hockey nations in eu28 are sweden , finland , czechia , swiss , slovakia and maybe one or two more . 
  that 's it . 
  so , it 'll be a fun and even game !, 
  we should play the game on a neutral ground . 
  you 'll be next . 
  or rather , we 're counting on a civil war part 2 , this time the gop vs the democrats . 
  after trump 's inevitable loss , le deluge , gop america understands it is demographically outnumbered for life and will violently secede . 
  we will swoop in , in the name of peace and stability of course , and pick up the pieces ( preferably those with oil and silicon valley ) . 
   the housing problem here has little to do with refugees . 
  not true . 
  it 's true sweden underbuilt for a long time , but the influx has been truly astounding lately and it is downright silly to deny that is has put a significant strain on the already stressed housing market . 
  sounds like you came into the country with a bad mood , the place was depressing , the competition was mediocre etc. . . you sure it was n't a reflection of your inner state ? 
  turns out we 're both wrong . 
  we pay about the [ same ] ( http://www.ekonomifakta.se/en/facts-and-figures/taxes/tax-to-gdp-ratio/tax-as-a-percentage-of-gdp/ ), 
  yes but your gdp , you little cheapskate * ( * just kidding , i love you ), 
   you guys pay less taxes than us , as incredible as it seems . 
  so incredible you do n't need a source for that statement , apparently . 
  britain 's corrosive debate on mass immigration and multiculturalism began far earlier than last year . 
  bradford and east london as they are today were not created because of eu . 
  it was the decision of successive uk pm 's to have had such an open door policy , especially that of tony blair , to places like pakistan . 
  how is that the fault of eu ? 
  the brexit campaign has talked a lot about prioritising the commonwealth . 
  unless you want to introduce race-coded migration , it means a lot more immigration from pakistan , zimbabwe and similar places . 
  you sure you wan na change that over poland and lithuania ? 
  the leaving the eu will only regulate white craftsmen and similar workers from eastern europe . 
  it would cut quite a lot of immigration , but you still have 180k net non-eu immigration , and this is after several tightenings of rules . 
  add to this the non-trivial eu migration you 'd have even after brexit ( certainly in the tens of thousands ) , you 'd nevertheless end up with 200k per year . 
  if labour wins next election , immigration restrictionism goes out the window . 
  will you blame the eu for that , too ? 
   already told someone i voted to remain and yet you argue part and parcel like a brexiter . 
  pretending not to have a position while using all the language and arguments of the side in favor it is an old trick - and there are some who are a lot better at it than you are . 
   please do n't think everyone voting leave is a xenophobe or hates the rest of europe of course not . 
  i 've been to the uk over 20 times , i have family there . 
  if i hated it , i would n't have gone so many times . 
  i would n't have done my exchange year in the uk . 
  and so on . 
  but all of that does n't change the fact that the campaign that the brexiteers have conducted have been absolutely vile and atrocious and i 've seen far too little condemnation of it . 
  i do n't really blame the working-classes , they have it bad enough and i take their economic concerns seriously . 
  my beef is really with pro-brexit people higher up on the econoic ladder , many in those groups have either been silent or indulging in these xenophobic smear campaigns against all of europe . 
  then they turn around and act shocked and surprised that they get a negative reaction , before descending into a victimhood complex and claiming the eu is out to destroy them and/or `` set an example '' . 
  it 's utter tosh , to use a suitably british phrase . 
  solve the world 's problems : clone the irish and put them in charge of everything . 
  ( except banking ) . 
  both the u.s. and the eu should spend more on infrastructure investment . 
  virtually every economist who has looked on this issue agrees with that . 
  however , choosing china as a comparison is a terrible mistake . 
  the chinese have massive overinvestment problems and massive overcapacity problems . 
  it 's why their recent stimulus , mostly geared towards fai , was panned by everyone . 
  it 's why they are exporting deflation across the world , especially ppi . 
  i wish we could have more sensible news coverage , but i guess media logic demands that we need to threaten people with big bad red china , so they 'll get scared into action or somehow or another . 
  no , i 'm swedish . 
  i do read the english press from time to time simply because of the language , i 'm fairly fluent in english in a way i am not , sadly , in french , german or spanish . 
  why they do it ? 
  historical reasons certainly plays a role , but also because the brexit camp 's arguments on economic grounds are shot through like swiss cheese , so they compensate for that with demonisation and smear campaigns . 
  it 's like every political campaign : do you take a substantive path that is positive ( even if you 're pro-brexit , which is legit ) or do you go down the path of smears and demonisation ? 
  the brexit camp has chosen their route and they should own the consequences of that , and so should the british people if they choose to follow . 
  that is a half-truth , in the best sense of the word . 
  not all experiments in china are unethical , and certainly a lot less today than they used to be . 
  there is a difference here between what can be done out of political will to tolerate socially detrimental outcomes and * sheer scale * . 
  things like the abolishment of the 1 child policy was rolled out in succession , for instance . 
  the same was true of economic liberalisation and many other policies . 
  it started small and rolled out gradually . 
  it had nothing to do with `` china is more brutal than us '' . 
  that is an oversimplification .
