  500k chinese in the uk , which on a per capita basis is more than there are in america . 
  if western europe wanted to , it could easily have taken in millions and millions of east asians in the 60s , 70s and beyond instead of people largely from the middle east . 
  if that route had been taken a clown like wilders would never even have been polling as high as he is now . 
  choices were made . 
  mistakes were made . 
   japan is doing okay they are not doing okay . 
  their public debt to gdp is close to 300 % . 
  they have had abysmal economic growth for 20 years now . 
  they have little crime and social problems , that 's true , but * even they * are starting to import more workers from sea now after having moved more women into the workforce . 
  poland better hurry before the last place on earth with a ) poor b ) high-quality ( both economic/cultural ) and c ) still rapidly increasing migrant labour gets used up . 
  after sea , you really only have india left and while indians are fine from a cultural compability perspective , there 's value to have diverse groups within your minority community . 
  kind of disagree with you there . 
  most ( educated ) europeans had a pretty good understanding of various races and/or cultures in the early parts of the 20th century , which was a result of 200 years of expansionism into every corner of the earth . 
  yes , a lot of it was laced with racism/bigotry , but the general perception of the chinese and the east asians even as far back as the 1800s was already `` hard-working '' . 
  indians were entrusted in south africa by the british for a reason . 
  do you really think it was all a coincidence ? 
  it 's just that post-wwii , western elites decided to junk 150 years of observations and decide that * tabula rasa * was the way forward , because a ) nazism and its obsessive focus on race and b ) that while many of those observations had kernel of truths in them , they also were often exaggerated and/or racist , so people who wanted to discredit them just focused on the excessive parts and the people who understood the nuances were too timid to stand up and explain why they mattered . 
  so i disagree with you . 
  we had the blueprint but we threw it away on purpose . 
  we 're now * re-learning * what our ancestors took for granted . 
  the eastern europeans are not in a luxurious position . 
  they are merely ideologically unshackled . 
  the left-wing in sweden is n't much better . 
  i 've gotten to know quite a few swedes here with polish ancestry , and they 've gotten a lot of `` oh , you 're a cleaner right ? 
  '' - type of ` jokes ' which reeks with racism from people who are self-described progressives/liberals . 
  it 's the old story , if you 're white , you 're fair game for racism/xenophobia on the left . 
  they only care about racism if you have sufficient melanin . 
  i 'm not as forgiving of large parts of the swedish liberal/left as you are , as i 've seen how many of them act in private , up close , and not their official rhetoric . 
  not all , of course , but sufficiently many to say that bigotry towards poles and eastern europeans is not a problem on the right alone . 
  * far * from it . 
  itt : dukenpl orgasming over economics you sure you 're not german deep down ? 
  as a curiosity , how come you 're so well acquainted with polish history ? 
  if you do n't mind me asking , 
   even if it were to be some small and local riots if your theory was correct , would n't you already have a lot of riots given that hundreds of thousands of people from ukraine already live and work in poland ? 
  i do n't see any ukrainian-led unrest , do you ? 
  google `` indians in the uk '' . 
  google `` nigerians in the uk '' and compare to their native black population . 
  google `` pakistanis in london '' and look at their educational qualifications . 
  i get that you are lazy . 
  but it is n't an excuse . 
  ons , the british statistical agency , also has excellent data on various ethnic groups and their income/educational outcomes . 
  the anglos are not as shy about collecting ethnic data unlike most of continental europe , so you get far more fine-grained insights . 
  which is dominated by bangladeshis . 
  eastern europe was enslaved behind a iron curtain for 50 years . 
  they are in no position to challenge anyone given their ( still ) economic backwardness . 
  in addition , they are fightning against massive emigration on an already low demographic fertility base . 
  it is the responsibility of the stronger parties to listen to the poorer parties . 
  if the stronger parties are not willing to do that , then the union is not a union of equals but of diktat . 
  to pretend that strength is equal with regards to political influence is to engage in wilful propaganda and fud . 
  there is no franco-german axis . 
  it 's a delusional idea which once held true but no longer exists . 
  germany is calling the shots and france meekly obliges . 
  the germans like to blow smoke up your french asses from time to time so you get a sense of empowerment , but when was the last time hollande ( or sarkozy before him ) overruled merkel in a big policy decision and got his way ? 
  sure , we can call it `` compromise '' , except all compromises tend to direct the final say to the chancellery . 
  france needs to unshackle itself from it 's delusions and realise that there is a wide constituency that is eager for gallic leadership . 
  so far , the french spine , which was notable in the past , has shrunk to nothing but a shadow of itself . 
  whether on austerity or on the migration crisis , or why not germany 's blind willingness to follow america under merkel , france has been a silent mouse . 
  what 's shocking is that this extends even to the socialists , who you 'd expect to be more sympathetic to the plight of southern europe . 
  nope . 
  still bend their knees in the image of german economic austerity politics . 
  astonishing . 
  yeah , because it totally makes sense to self-amputate your own economy like that . 
  norway 's exports are quite marginal as as percentage of the world , and most if not all of it is going to europe . 
  would you rather be even * more * dependent upon middle eastern autocracies with religious jihadist problems ? 
  instead of blaming norway , blame laggards like france for their terrible ev adoption . 
  haters gon na hate . 
  i believe you spoke earlier about moving to switzerland ( and possibly doing an mba in usa ) . 
  i wish you nothing but the best . 
  it must be hard to leave the country you love and were raised in . 
  however , given the realities of what you write , who am i to judge you ? 
  i sincerely hope you are proved wrong on your pessimism , but alas , i fear you may be right . 
  fair point , but the difference is that ukraine is n't realistically going to supply enough people to create that critical mass . 
  furthermore , many of those who have come to poland have already left ( illegally ) to germany . 
  if ukraine had 80 million people and a tfr of 2 + , then you 'd have a better argument . 
  yes , but as a general consequence it is * much , much * easier to go down than back up . 
  the likelihood of ukraine getting to 2.5 tfr is next to none . 
  and this does n't even talk about the non-growth situation of the country which has produced droves of emigrants . 
  that ca n't last forever when your population is in freefall . 
  no need to disclose names . 
  but you could at least share some ( rudimentary ) details . 
  what brought the parents to poland , for instance ? 
  canada has far higher incomes . 
  le official response : http://www.cnbc.com/2016/09/08/air-chinas-magazine-says-media-readers-misinterpreted-london-travel-advice.html?_source=twitter, 
  it is wrong . 
  indians have better education and better incomes than white . 
  also at or lower levels of criminality . 
  pakistanis are a mixed bag . 
  the thing is that * outside * of london , this note would be correct . 
  however , the london pakistani community is almost a different world from the scum that dwell in places like bradford , rotherham etc , the kind of islamists/reactionary bigots who groom vulnerable white working-class girls etc. 
  think of the london pakistani community like you would of pro-chp secular turks . 
  so the pakistani non-london crowd are the islamist pro-akp equivalent in turkey . 
  you would n't mix chp secular turks and islamist pro-akp turks . 
  so you should n't mix these two communities either . 
  as for black people , it depends if they are african migrants ( who tend to be well educated in the uk , just as they tend to be well-educated in america ) or native-born 3rd generation afro-caribbean . 
  if it is the latter , then yes . 
  if it is the former , then no . 
  overall , just like any racial generalisation , it is extremely simplified to the point of being hopelessly inaccurate . 
  this does n't preclude the fact that * some * minority neighbourhoods are not more crime-prone than some white-majority ones , some indeed are , but the problem is that it treats three yuuuge groups as one and the same , whereas a single one of them ( the pakistani community ) has so much diversity within itself so as to render the comparison meaningless . 
  many of those who got visas just went to germany illegally later on , so it is hard to know the real numbers . 
  also , ukraine is in demographic freefall .
