  look at the numbers . 
  norway used to have a contrarian political stance , sad to see it is dead now . 
  sweden did too , but we sold our souls to the burgers a long time ago . 
  i honestly think people who want prevent snowden to receive a free speech award are nothing but scum , and they happen to be working in america 's government . 
  the norwegian government , through its courts ( let 's not pretend there is n't massive political pressure here ) are not scum , which is why it should be ashamed for bending its knees to american diktat . 
  nonsensical . 
  the secular trend of ever-increasing migration is only going to manifest itself more and more clearly as time goes on . 
  wishing it away does nothing but to prolong the inevitable reckoning . 
  it will not just be the middle east , ssa will slowly but surely start to dominate in the decades ahead . 
  they will add 1 billion new people over just 20 years . 
  they have a water crisis , which is rapidly becoming worse . 
  the china-led commodity supercycle is never coming back . 
  india is n't going to take up that mantle . 
  many of their economies have failed to reform like much of asia and their per capita growth as a region is abysmal . 
  the end result is that many of them will simply make a run for europe . 
  we have n't even * talked * about climate change and the increasing droughts , which is seperate from , yet re-inforce , their current water crisis . 
  all these people are going to come to italy , spain and greece . 
  if germany shuts its door , then those southern european states will become utterly apopletic . 
  we are likely going to see a forced quota system , voted by a simple majority and then enforced on eastern europe against its will . 
  how that fallout will happen could very easily break the eu alltogether . 
  western european nations will not want to admit that their generous asylum incentives are also largely to blame . 
  ( despite all the ` tightenings ' , the system is still quite porous . 
  remember that it is n't just about the formal decision , it 's equally about what happens when someone `` goes underground '' . 
  in sweden it is near-impossible to be deported , for instance if you know how to game the system , and many do ) . 
  immigration is not like any other topic . 
  it goes to the core of a nation 's identity and how it conceives of itself . 
  it can win monumental political fights , as it largely delivered brexit to the leave camp . 
  underestimate it at your peril . 
  you 'd be funny if it were n't for the fact that you are a one-trick pony with one single joke which is n't even original . 
   this is n't going to be popular but many countries need to be overthrown and replaced with a benevolent dictator - of the south korea/singapore kind thing is , even this is a fantasy . 
  those benevolent dictators as you put it often relied on a network of like-minded people . 
  a single person ca n't change the country . 
  the corruption in many of these states are so deep that even if you get someone who truly is corruption-free , ultimately the system wins out in the end . 
  singapore/sk are bad examples because they are part of the east asian sphere . 
  it 's not like corruption does n't exist there , but , like in china , it nevertheless tends to be done in a way which allows for development . 
  the social ethic in those countries are very collectivist and there is a strong in-group loyalty . 
  many of these third world countries are often divided on sectarian ( ethnic/religious ) lines . 
  that is certainly the case in iraq , nigeria , syria etc. 
  you do n't have a sense of collective identity that is strong enough , which is why those countries are tearing themselves apart . 
  of course american shitposter has to make fun of it . 
  does n't want to be reminded of his own country 's relative decline . 
  a few scattered thoughts . 
  is n't it interesting that wapo conflates migrants with refugees . 
  last time i checked , germany is still a very pro-immigration country , ask any eastern european or non-eu work migrant . 
  it is simply retooling from last year 's mistaken approach regarding * asylum * migration . 
  the german government has said it aims to move towards 300k asylum seekers per year . 
  while that is substantially lower than 2015 level , it is * still * a very large amount . 
  the uk got 66k asylum requests last year ( which was a peak year ) and their acceptance number was around 20k . 
  france also takes around 20k . 
  spain even less . 
  so germany 's number in a european context is still huge by any margin . 
  this is just the beginning . 
  ssa will add 1 billion more people in the next 2-3 decades . 
  they have a water crisis * right now * but it is a slow-moving crisis . 
  given the instability of the maghreb , i think that this story will be with us for decades to come . 
  those who say `` just fix their countries '' . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  countries have to help themselves . 
  foreign aid often gets captured by rent-seeking elites and pocketed into swiss bank accounts . 
  while it is n't what people want to hear , the reality is that the genuine options are quite limited for european countries . 
  they ca n't fix the third world for them . 
  ultimately it must be the political leadership in those countries . 
  [ the record has not been amazing ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.kd?locations=zg-xn ) . 
  thanks for a series of very intelligent/informative comments . 
  i hope you stick around , you will add value to our discussions . 
  crazy that this is n't more upvoted . 
  thanks for this , op . 
  notable how low germany 's pollution is in the ruhr-area considering that they have sizable industry there . 
  compare with northern italy . 
  itt some posters were saying they are basically the same as dpp but with right-wing economics rather than left-wing economics . 
  are their stance on migration really that materially different than dpp ? 
  never too late for some racial-biological shitposting . 
  seriously though , please wipe your ass . 
   they are basically dying out and are n't sure to make it to parlament next time interesting . 
  can you talk a bit more about the political landscape on the danish right ? 
  your conservatives are the same as our kd , right ? 
  and `` venstre '' is your liberal/center-right party , correct ? 
  larry summers and lant pritchett are n't newly minted grad students , to put it mildly . 
  read the [ original source article ] ( http://voxeu.org/article/growth-slowdowns-middle-income-trap-vs-regression-mean ) . 
  honestly , you do n't come across as too well-versed in the subject , if you do n't mind me pointing it out . 
  if you have any issues with the methodology , do say so , because lant has been a professor in development economics for decades and larry summers is one of the most respected economists in the us today . 
  but i 'm guessing you 'll be unable to do that . 
  i do n't see why you think that is `` scary '' . 
  china will not threaten european interests . 
  their alliance with russia is one of convenience , and mostly based on getting fossil fuels from them . 
  you wo n't see chinese troops in eastern europe , to put it mildly . 
  they are up to their neck in ecs and scs and will remain so for the foreseeable future . 
  if they are going to put more attention anywhere , it will be in the middle east as their fossil fuel dependece is growing . 
  overall , i welcome a multi-polar world . 
  america 's addiction to interventionism will be checked by increasing chinese interest in the middle east . 
  they are also ruthlessly realistic and secular . 
  they do n't have a habit of supporting islamist `` rebels '' like the yanks . 
  the destabilisation of the middle east in the last 15 years or so has had a direct impact on the rise of isis and the refugee crisis . 
  why would you want to be remain allied to a loose-cannon nation like america ? 
  why would you want them to remain hegemonic ? 
  btw , the chinese economy is already bigger than america on a ppp basis . 
  they will cross that threshold in nominal terms within 10-15 years . 
  the middle-income trap is a bit [ a myth ] ( http://qz.com/310657/the-myth-of-the-middle-income-trap/ ) . 
  as for your other comment , i never said it was a done deal or easy , i was merely saying it was a * realistic * path , which it is . 
  whether it will be grasped or not remains to be seen .
