  they put them in camps and literally sprayed them with pesticide , so as to illustrate how unclean they thought they were . 
  you can also read some pretty outright racist stuff that people like ben-gurion said about the mizrahi jews . 
  even today , despite all the talk from ashkenazis about how all the bigotry has ended , we have [ commercials like this ] ( http://forward.com/opinion/325657/racist-israeli-hanukkah-video-mocks-sephardic-and-mizrahi-jews/ ) to run on israeli tv . 
  we could also talk about how jews in america systematically tried to assimiliate into white mainstream culture . 
  people forget that jews were leaders in groups like naacp . 
  you had jewish billionaires donating 5000 + schools to black children in america over a hundred years ago . 
  they did so because they were genuinely liberal , but also , to be frank , because they faced much higher levels of anti-semitism back then , so it was easier to make a common cause . 
  then , after the 1960s , as anti-semitism fell , jews started to move out into the white suburbs and actively tried to become as white as possible ( in the social/cultural sense ) . 
  after all , what is reform judaism , started in germany in the 1850s , if not an outright attempt to abandon traditional jewish culture . 
  you know all the debate we have today about reforming islam etc ? 
  people had the same debate 200 years ago and mendelsohn and other intellectual jewish liberals took the gentiles on their words . 
  we all know what happened then . 
  it 's just funny in an ironic way when i read people making these statements . 
  ( ashkenazi ) jews have been trying to assimilate for over 200 years in europe , to such extent that they would be actively racist against their own ( brown ) kin , yet it was all for naught in the end . 
  kind of makes you wonder if the people telling brown muslims today would make any exceptions if it came down to it . 
  the jewish experience should make us skeptical . 
  edit : getting downvoted because i point out racism against brown jews was done by white jews and europeans killed lots of jews even after they after spent decades and decades of going through massive amounts of assimilation . 
  this is history folks , even if it may hurt your feelings . 
   `` hobbit policy '' does n't work . 
  200 years of peace here . 
  i think you are confusing geography with policy . 
   kind of sad to see how all the old school architecture was replaced with glass and steel indeed , out all the major european cities , it was only really paris which escaped the carnage of the 30s and 40s mostly intact . 
  the guardian published a highly well-written article about the postwar build-up of warsaw . 
  [ it 's here ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/cities/2016/apr/22/story-cities-warsaw-rebuilt-18th-century-paintings ) . 
  my favourite quote was this :  one of the philosophers calculated that varsovians inhaled four bricks each year at that time . 
  one must love one 's city in order to rebuild it at the cost of one 's own breathing . 
  it is perhaps for this reason that , from the battlefield of rubble and ruins , warsaw became once more the old warsaw , eternal warsaw ... varsovians brought it to life , filling its brick body with their own , hot breath . 
  here he is with a [ funny hat ] ( http://www.dailyscandinavian.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/110814_gustavvasa.jpg ) . 
  and here is a [ suitably patriotic image ] ( http://i.imgur.com/k3xsfpd.jpg ) , via r/sweden . 
  happy nationaldag y' all !, 
  refugee immigration has been so poisoned because so many who come are essentially economic migrants , many are also the exact type of oppressors who make genuine refugees run away in the first place . 
  this means genuine refugees often face a very hostile political landscape through no fault of their own , because the people who setup the immigration incentive structure have essentially fundamentally failed at the most basic of tasks . 
  as he said , the australian system would n't work 1 for 1 in europe , but it should be clear to everyone that is the general direction we should aim for . 
  refugee migration should still continue , but it should be much better verified and we should focus on the truly most vulnerable ( single widows with children , sexual minorities , religious minorities etc ) . 
  the money we save from the current system should then be sent to the un where it can do * much * better work for the displaced . 
  inevitably , the streams would need to get far smaller . 
  europe , at least northern europe ( where the vast majority of migrants go to ) have far more skill-intensive economies today than in the past . 
  the bulk of migrants that we should take in ought to be highly skilled ones , like australia and increasingly the uk ( the non-eu part , that which they can control ) . 
   i was just making a shit joke, 
  tino is making a different point . 
  he is talking about how refugee migration is bad for sweden in the long run due to skills mismatch . 
  by the way , that is old data . 
  we 've already passed our previous gdp per capita peak last year . 
  the whole of europe was growing slowly in 2011-2014 . 
  the uk for instance has not yet passed their gdp per capita peak in nominal fixed terms . . and that 's on nominal terms . 
  on ppp terms we passed it some years ago already . 
  [ by the way ] ( https://i.sli.mg/oyjezl.png )  your gdp growth is nearly entirely driven by increased and increasing spending on welfare tourist this is absolute garbage . 
  sorry , i ca n't really any more polite about it . 
  even a cursory look at industrial production , manufacturing and a whole host of other indices would tell you otherwise . 
  you are just ignorant about the swedish economy , and it shows . 
  stop embarrassing yourself . 
   gdp growth does n't necessarily mean actual growth in wealth as it is a metric based on spending . 
  again , garbage . 
  go to wikipedia and read - very , very slowly - on what gdp actually means . 
  it would be helpful because you would actually learn something for once . 
  guess what the p stands for in gdp ? 
  yes !, 
  you guessed it !, 
  spending !, 
  seriously , reddit never ceases to surprise me in the amount of absolutely ignorant people willing to spew nonsense on topics they know jack shit about . 
   turkey 's economy has already gone shit . 
  not true . 
  tourism has taken a hit , but your economy is still humming along . 
  your economy grew by 5.7 % year over year in the last available quarter . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/turkey/gdp-growth-annual ) . 
  remember , the erdogan regime * does not care * as the turkish posters on here keep telling us . 
  just focusing on erdogan is a mistake . 
  the mhp has largely shedded its formerly secular-nationalist skin and is now as much infused with islamism as it is with secularism , if not more . 
  once you add the mhp+akp , you get a 60 % or more share of the turkish electorate who are essentially voting for islamist parties . 
  if erdogan stepped down tomorrow , these underlying patterns would not dissipate . 
  people overly focus on erdogan , thinking he is the problem . 
  he is * a * problem , but he is n't * the * problem . 
  it is more structural than that . 
  they just got triggered because i pointed out that our houses are less likely to be attacked by termites , less likely to be damaged from soil eroson etc. 
  it 's not by accident . 
  as for american housing , i 'm not going to comment on a topic i do n't know much about , which is something you could learn from , 
   he has more urgent problems like prosecuting comics in germany ? 
  please , of course he cares . 
  and so do you . 
  why are you trying to downplay this so much ? 
  we know from polls that denial about armenian genocide is a touchy topic in all social classes of turkey , not just the akp base . 
  you demonstrate that . 
  because it is in the middle east , not europe . 
  you do n't find a lot of people from asia or africa here either . 
  of course he is pissed , but what you see in this thread is turkish nationalism . 
  the armenian genocide is a touchy topic for a * lot * of turks , including secular anti-erdogan types . 
  they just like to couch their antipathy in `` oh this wo n't affect erdogan '' , even as he recalls his ambassador and his pm is lashing out . 
  and let 's not forget the myriad times he has spoken out on this in the past . 
  the notion that a de facto dictator who feels he should prosecute comics in germany would somehow be completely unbothered by this does n't pass the smell test . 
  nice straw man . 
  i never said swedish housing regulations were causing a housing shortable . 
  what i questioned was your knowledge is what it takes to build a sturdy house . 
  hence you should n't throw around commentary on the subject lightly . 
  the reason why we do n't have much houses right now is because we 've neglected it for 20 years , it has nothing to do with regulations . 
  if you look at the current pace of building , it is at 25 + year highs . 
  one of the things which are notable in sweden is to the degree our houses can survive for a very long time . 
  for instance , we were very early with building a solid stone foundation in our houses over a century ago . 
  it 's part of the reason why old swedish houses are much less subject to termite attacks compared to many other places on the continent . 
  that 's the kind of stuff which happens when you pay attention to engineering and regulation ( which is a collection of best practices learned over the years ) . 
  then you have all kinds of regulations to avoid damage from soil erosion , moist earth , fungus , and a whole range of other issues .
