  you yourself admit the deep isolationism of the german public as a key constraint - which is why i brought up germany in the first place . 
  there are limits to how far the german political elite can go in this direction until the people start paying closer attention . 
  it is one thing to merge some companies , it is quite another to promise each other a fully integrated armed forces with similar goals . 
  would the germans be comfortable spending money and resources on french excursions in mali if the conflict escalated again ? 
  and perhaps even personell if the conflict spread to other regions . 
  it would matter for france , since it sits at the heart of francophone africa , but again , would the german public acquiesce ? 
  remember , a truly federal army means that there has to be close to a political union , which means that the interests of the french state would necessarily be transferred to the german taxpayer . 
  this is why i am skeptical , especially since anti-eu sentiment is so deep in france today , at near 70 % negative . 
  you are right that polls can change , but this will take time . 
  it will not happen once/if brexit occurs , if anything that would embolden the leavers in france . 
  so my chief argument to you is less on the political establishment level and more on the ground level . 
  any democracy has to ground its decisions with the people , sooner or later the will of the people will catch up . 
  so far , euroskepticism is increasing , not decreasing , and this is a secular trend of recent years . 
  it is not irreversible , but it is a factor that i think you underestimate by looking solely at the political leaders and their statements . 
   i agree . 
  there the eu needs to accept that austerity is not working , and maybe implement a more common economic policy . 
  i believe that the position of most governments is against austerity by now . 
  what would help as well is that we finally begin to integrate our labour markets properly . 
  there are areas in germany where people are desperate for employees , and little has been done to get fellow europeans the chance to fill that role . 
  i largely agree , but given that even supposed `` left-wing '' parties in europe are talking about restrictions to eu migrants ( a former pm in sweden from the social democrats did just did a few weeks ago ) , this is fantasy right now . 
  even in germany , these voices have been raised . 
  i do n't think restrictions would happen , but it is a telling sign of where the wind is blowing . 
  as for your fiscal/market union , i 'm all for it . 
  the problem is that the only country that can push for it is also the country largely in favor of austerity , hence even if they are in favor philosophically , their de facto economic policies have undermined it . 
  there are also stuff that the southern economies have to do , which were there before austerity . 
  italy 's decade and a half of lost/no reform is a point of contention . 
   are you refering to an economic crisis , then ? 
  i would agree that we have a humanitarian and resource crisis in the making , right at our border . 
  which is precisely why i want a common european approach to external problems . 
  not necessarily an economic crisis . 
  per capita income in ss-africa would rise , only a * lot * slower than in the china-led boom years of the first decade of 2000-2010 . 
  combined with a massive population boom , it will create a long-term challenge to the external borders . 
  while we can agree on a unified strategy on external borders and an empowered frontex , a key role which nobody has yet talked about are the so-called pull factors , especially in germany , sweden , netherlands and austria , asylum rules . 
  these are still taboo and my guess is that even this will be on the table in a decade from now . 
  the irony here is not that a crisis precipates this movement , but rising incomes . 
  peoples who were previously too poor to afford a smuggler network can now afford it . 
  they may no longer be starving but still live in abject poverty . 
  so even if relative hunger is declining sharply , most people still live on subsistence . 
  this is what the world bank has written about extensively , that once you look beyond the headline poverty decline ( based on 1.25 dollars a day ) , the vast majority of people who have moved beyond that threshold have not moved very far . 
  this is where slowing per capita income comes in , because the move beyond the threshold to a much higher level would have been possible if the population did n't grow so much , and if commodities-led growth would have been viable , which is no longer the case as the world grows a lot slower in aggregate . 
  my cynical take is similar as that on climate change . 
  everyone will talk about it , many will engage in wilful denial of reality , until we see the masses of people on the shores . 
  people in general are not very good longterm thinkers/planners , and this is less a question of intelligence than of predisposition . 
  i would pay good money to have your optimism   in short , people are mad at the eu for things the eu ** was not given the authority to govern ** . 
  right , and the reason for this , if we talk about defence for instance , is that there is deep isolationism in many eu nations . 
  germany is the most obvious example , but the willingness to fight a war on behalf of the baltic states in eu nations is low , which is why there has not been a lot of movement there . 
  aside from the eastern states , i do n't see much appetite for this right now . 
  merkel has talked about a common eu army , but the uk is deadset against that and if the remain side manages to barely sqeek by in the upcoming referendum , i doubt merkel and the gang will move forwards on this in the wake of such a close election . 
  i also think , frankly , that we have to be careful about taking eu statements on face value . 
  it 's perfectly fine to say you 're going to do one thing , but actually delivering is a whole other ballgame . 
   if the migrant crisis can be solved this way , the polls will change again . 
  yeah , i think the migrant crisis is largely responsible for this pessimism in western european states , but in southern europe it is more economic issues . 
  italy/portugal/greece have barely recovered . 
  spain 's unemployment rate is still massive , even if the economy is gathering pace . 
  the point i would make , however , is that 2015 was not the peak of the crisis , but the early stages of it . 
  there is a long-term secular trend of rising demographic pressures in the poorer parts of the world . 
  this is a good read , if you have the time : http://www.humanosphere.org/basics/2015/10/oped-africas-challenging-demographic-future/ given that china 's commodity bust will likely never reverse and that india , while growing fast , is not at chinese levels ( and the fact that many agricultural imports that china wanted , india already makes for itself ) , this means that the growth locomotive for africa in the past decade is gone and unlikely to comeback . 
  this would mean rising per capita incomes at much slower speeds , which is what historically has happened , and you combine that with a failure to follow much of asia in pushing down tfr for women , and you have a decades-long crisis in the making . 
  as i said , i would pay for your optimism , 
  i think corbyn 's lukewarm - at best - support for the eu is one of the most underreported reasons why the remain has not been able to do better . 
  if blair and major [ are leading ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jun/09/tony-blair-and-john-major-brexit-would-close-irish-border ) one of the big recent announcements for the remain camp , i do n't know what else could prove that the remain side lacks serious leadership . 
  and let 's not even [ talk ] ( https://mobile.twitter.com/stephenkb/status/741289829384749056 ) about the more superficial parts of the campaign . 
  to be fair , political polling was invented to make shamans look credible . 
  independent endorsed tories in the last ge ? 
  i think he meant less anglo per se and more european/white . 
  canada was always multicultural but it was much more european , with most cultures being different european ethnics . 
  from my ( naive ) outsider 's view , canada seems to be doing quite well with its non-european diversity , but that is also because they went for a high-skill migration system like australia . 
  however , some people always want homogenity . 
  you did n't notice canadian flair ? 
  holy shit that sounds horrendous . 
  i hope things worked out for you and your family . 
  did n't you see the latest polls , though ? 
  france has a more negative view on the eu than even the uk these days . 
  i do n't see how federalisation is on the cards at the moment . 
  the last gasp ? 
  it ended years ago . 
  america will be used by india to counter a rising china until both of them are strong enough to slowly but gently push you out of their respective orbits . 
  the u.s. had its monroe doctrine and it would be foolish to assume asian superpowers would n't have the same mentality for their own backyard . 
  i have to say , i was hoping for a more substantive comment than ... `` i could party and get drunk for less cash before '' . 
  your point about inequality is well-taken , though . 
  shorter green_noble : `` i do n't understand anything about economics , hear me roar '' . 
  i just see you flail around and it is hilarious :d, 
  i 'm guessing you 've lived in poland ? 
  still do ? 
  i 'd be interested in your thoughts on the country as an outsider . 
  your net contribution to the eu budget is 0.3 % of gni . 
  the amount that goes to poland of that is absolutely miniscule . 
  you can stop pretending that you 're spending any meaningful sum on poland now . 
  worse than you ? 
  romania 's anti-corruption work has been amazing . 
  would n't surprise me if you are already less corrupt than hungary . 
  obviously there 's the economic aspect of it , too , but living in a clean state has its own advantages irrespective of the economy . 
  the per capita was done in billions , not as a percentage of gni , so it was exactly the wrong approach , as i outlined above . 
  not understood basic economics or my comment - check . 
  you have to explain to me why the left in poland is so incompetent , though . 
  as far as i can tell , the major reason pis won in 2015 was because of immigration . 
  so far , i have n't seen neither po nor . n learn that lesson . 
  so you can post reddit rants all you want , but until and unless the polish opposition learns that lesson , you will find that not much will change . 
  it is actually very simple , yet for people who fashion themselves as very clever , it proves to be surprisingly hard to learn such a basic lesson . 
   private investments ( turqoise ) in 2015 was almost exactly at the same level as it was in 2000 private investment has been chronically weak across all eu post-crisis .
