  it 's amazing to me that these people have not been deported yet . 
  there are genuine refugees in this world and yet naive white people are volunteering to give these people food and clothes , many of which they then throw away . 
  it 's a scandal . 
  if norway was really as tough as this article makes it sound , it would n't take in these people but help them on site instead . 
  it 's been said again and again , but nevertheless seems to need repetition : it is * far * more cost-effective to help refugees where they are . 
  you also get an added benefit : you know that they are genuine refugees and not economic migrants masquerading as refugees . 
  in this current wave there are gneuine refugees but there are also tons of economic migrants and you can forget about trying to seperate them . 
  so until we see concrete action to help people at their location , where you get the best bang for the buck , these `` tough pr headlines '' tactics are meaningless . 
  and i 've avoided mentioning that deporting people is expensive and often difficult , as many just go underground . 
  so , in short , this is classic governmental pr . 
  it 's not a silly idea , it 's great if we can get there . 
  and merkel is known to be for it . 
  the problem is that she is terrible at implementing it , as we have witnessed many times now over the past few months . 
  exactly . 
  tusk is correct in his analysis - turkey in particular - but he is ignoring the elephant in the room : merkel and the rest of the pro-asylum leaders . 
  turkey are acting like an s.o.b. 
  but we ca n't forget we provided them with the means to do so . 
  but of course merkel prefers to lecture eastern europeans and caving to turkey . 
  correct , 
  poetic comeuppance !, 
   i see the uk as a bulwark of sorts against less market friendly economic philosophies -- an injection of the political and economic philosophy seen more broadly across the anglosphere ( hint : there is a reason these countries are prospering in relative terms vis-a-vis the eu ) explain the nordics . 
  and do it more coherently than just some mumbling `` oh it 's a special case '' . 
  also , germany has a higher gdp per capita than the uk . 
  it has a lower budget deficit and far lower net debt . 
  it has a huge current account surplus . 
  maybe you speak from a declinist belgian perspective , but you can look at other northern european countries like the netherlands and see the same pattern . 
  britain/uk is not more successful than other major economic regions in northern europe , which is what it should benchmark itself against . 
  and these regions are far less pro-capitalist than the uk . 
  try again . 
  you 're actually both right . 
  de gaulle did the right thing in pushing for more european independence from uncle sam but you ca n't pretend he did n't go above and beyond in his quest to isolate and marginalise the uk . 
  of course , the uk ca n't also deny that it has often found de gaulle to be a suitable scapegoat to hide the fact that it 's always been lukewarm on europe in general and the eu in particular for many decades now . 
  ukip has , what , 10-12 % of the uk vote ? 
  but if you look at the polls for uk exit it 's around 45 % in support , so 4x the support of ukip . 
  and that 's * before * the campaigning has even begun . 
  right now we get one-sided media propaganda saying it will be the end of the world with no counter-narrative . 
  so getting to 45 % in that environment is pretty damn impressive , i 'd say . 
  if you think this isolated to farage you are badly mistaken and ignorant of uk politics . 
   it 's as if anyone talking about a future for europe that 's anything other than federal is unacceptable to the french and the germans , because it 's their eu . 
  how is this news ? 
  it always has been . 
  the only difference back then was that it was easier for them to dominate the eu with fewer members . 
  plus , the eu did more fundamental/basic stuff like education , environment , health etc. 
  these are things which are easier to get a concensus on . 
  who 's against more health investment ? 
  it 's only a question of scale , not direction . 
  now it 's doing more extreme things , like trying to force ee to become a social office for 3rd world migrants or telling the uk to stfu or quit ( oh and if you do n't back our federal eu army , go to hell ! ) . 
  the eu is in danger of being razed to the ground and it is the unsufferable arrogance of hollande and merkel which is causing this , in their blatant disregard not just for other nations but even for the wishes of their own people ( [ looking at you merkel ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20151006/four-fifths-of-germans-want-border-controls ) ) . 
  i do n't really see how this is a smart policy in the long run . 
  here 's why : 1 . 
  even if you shut down the schools you ca n't shut down the mosques . 
  these ideas are circulating in the general islamic culture . 
  you might say , better doing a little better than nothing but this bleeds into my 2nd point . 
  think about france . 
  it has a policy of forced secularism in its school system . 
  please tell me if their approach has been better ? 
  they have seen tons of people running off joining is and when polled on social issues , french muslims certainly do n't stand out as more tolerant . 
  at root i think westerners have little to no influence on immigrants . 
  it 's a lot harder to isolate and assimiliate groups of people today than 100 years ago due to cheap long-distance travel but also the internet . 
  the cocoon just is n't there . 
  additionally , it 's a question of scale . 
  assimilation works better when there is no other alternative . 
  when you have huge clusters of diaspora populations in major cities , there is zero pressure to assimiliate but for the very top who want the top jobs . 
  for most people , they do n't need to do that . 
  finally , the culturally islamist reactionary direction we have seen over the past 50 years is all over the muslim world . 
  reform has to come from within . 
  shutting down schools may feel like you 're doing something but in reality if you do n't want these problems on these shores , do n't bring in these people . 
  if you do , you ca n't whine and complain about it later . 
   what the fuck does communism have to do with atheism ? 
  oh , i do n't know , maybe that communism teaches athetism is the only way to go . 
  as an atheist , i actually approve , but there are plenty of evil/genocidal athetists throughout human history , stalin and mao among them ( hitler 's atheism is more contested ) . 
  please do n't be ignorant . 
   it makes me a bit sad that precisely those who can consider themselves lucky that they have lived to see the end of the cold war , now think that one can completely stay out of certain developments of globalization , i find this kind of reasoning very weird and stupid . 
  japan and korea are both * hyperglobal * economies . 
  especially south korea , which has a sky-high share of it 's gdp coming through net exports . 
  it has a range of hypercompetitive companies . 
  yet it is not taking in a single refugee to my mind . 
  so why does merkel - and others - keep talking about globalisation when this 3rd world migration has nothing to do about staying competitive economically . 
  further , if you * are * going to take in immigrants , at least do it like canada or australia who carefully select economically useful immigrants with a high education . 
  how many of the people coming now are functionally illiterate ? 
  was it 20 % ? 
  even higher ? 
  and even among those who are literate , how many have a university education which is verifiable and on similar standards as those in europe ? 
  merkel 's arguments are pure idiocy . 
  also this bit caught my eye :  chancellor makes emotional plea in closed-door meeting . 
  for someone who seems perpetually unable to show any kind of emotion i am baffled how 3rd world migrants suddenly make her heart race . 
  i mean , she comes from a scientific background . 
  how did this woman turn out to be indistinguishable from a hyper-emotional cultural-marxist woman in her 20s reading feminist theory ? 
  this is a woman who 's supposed to be a conservative , coming from a rationalist/scientific background and with many decades of aging to make her wise . 
  yet she uses hyperemotional arguments you 'd find among teenagers or worse and not even clever ones either . 
  pure emotion . 
  feels over reals . 
  merkel the mystery . 
  sorry to all hungarians for having exported malmstr\u00f6m . 
  think of her as a mini-merkel but even more unhinged . 
  this is a woman who has proudly stated that political leaders `` must do what 's best for their countries and ignore populism '' ( read : ignore the popular will and just bulldoze them ) whenever the issue of immigration came up . 
  she kind of reminds me of [ this guy ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/migration-news-political-europe-cost/ ) . 
  and she is fanatical . 
  i 'm not surprised she is hunting for hungary . 
  she 's supposed to be talking about trade but this shows where her real agenda is .
