  if you look at that graph , it progressed nicely up until the crisis . 
   we put up the worst q1 growth numbers in the entire eu year-on-year , which shoned a very bright light on our dependence on cohesion funds same is true for poland a lot of other eastern states . 
  q1 was really bad across all ee . 
  it 's billions !, 
  it 's billions with a b ! \u2122 * absolute numbers instead of percentages - check * no adjustment for per capita for dramatic effect - check * no use of gni in relation to contributions - check reality : percentage of gni per capita is around 0.3 % to 0.4 % for most major eu nations . 
  that will never probably get into one of these graphs/maps/tables , because all the shock value and click-baiting is then all for naught . 
  trashy tabloid journalism is so easy . 
  you 've just summed brexit in a couple of paragraphs . 
  you should replace most journalists covering the issue . 
  danskj\u00e4vlar ! ^ too ^ soon ? 
  that 's a very stupid argument . 
  i might as well say that if i say racist shit under the guise of humor , suddenly i am no longer a racist . 
  if you 're going to be engaged in bigotry against the working classes at least have the balls and stand for being a bigot . 
  british classism on display , folks . 
  it ca n't get more stereotypical than that . 
  he was being sarcastic , 
  i was n't adressing the eu debate per se , more so people 's outdated views on the british people . 
  many still think the brits are obsessed with their former empire but from my vantage point , it is more the former colonies who are obsessed with britain . 
  i do n't understand how the british media allowed the brexit camp ( especially bojo and his ilk ) to blatantly lie they way they did . 
  that they would just somehow magically `` re-negotiate '' market access to the internal market . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  the only way to get into the internal market access outside the eu is the norwegian approach . 
  you pay , but you do n't have a say . 
  unfettered internal movement is still on the table but now britain is even more isolated . 
  i mean , i understand why the brexit people would lie/obfuscate on this issue . 
  they realise they have no card to play , but why is the media allowing them off the hook ? 
  not a brit , but everyone else . 
  i ca n't even count the times i 've heard some random american/indian/chinese `` analyst '' literally start their sentence about the uk with something about `` lost empire '' etc. 
  it 's that old line from the 60s about the uk not yet having found a role . 
  it was relevant then , it has n't been relevant for decades but people keep circlejerking about it . 
  the vast majority of brits have moved on but oddly enough , the rest of the world has n't . 
  why should canada pony up on this ? 
  put pressure on other european countries . 
  stop whimping out , yanks . 
   what you fail to see is a lack of scholarship on a subject does n't negate the reality of a situation . 
  that is only true for your personal experiences . 
  you are lazily juxtaposing your own personal experiences to a much broader population , with zero basis for doing so . 
  you need at least 1000 people for something accurate in a population , and it needs to be done in a scientific way . 
  `` me and my family '' is worth absolutely nothing . 
  i 'm being blunt because you need to hear the truth . 
  your emotional and hysterical denial of that fact is n't helping you . 
  learn how methodology works first , before you make statements you have no clue of . 
  that is all . 
   the mafia-controlled areas are about 1/9 of the population there are various estimates on this . 
  having 1/3rd of the population is nothing to sneeze at . 
  also , did we forget already that berlusconi was pm for quite a long time ? 
  he is the epitome of the oligarchy and his mafia links were not exactly a secret . 
  have you already forgotten about andreotti ? 
  that guy was rotten to the core , and in bed with the mafia . 
  italy 's corruption problems are extreme and have been going back decades . 
  it is concentrated in the south but it is * not * contained there . 
  the only country which is probably worse in terms of corruption than you is likely ukraine . 
  if you ca n't produce evidence of something , a good place to start is not to make absolutist statements . 
  note : i 'm not talking about your personal experiences , but a broader trend . 
  instead you get very emotional and engage in ad hominem . 
  not working for you . 
  yup , i 've read a good story on that in politico lately , how the tide is turning . 
  to be frank , the eu can barely even keep the british in . 
  you should have joined sooner . 
  but even then , your geography makes you * very * vulnerable . 
  especially since it is unlikely turkey will join in the near future , if at all . 
  a russian attack would make it next to impossible to defend you . 
  just look at how much the baltics are sweating . 
  also , your former pm messed up big time as well , he essentially provoked/attacked russia in 2008 . 
  that made your country look unstable . 
  i 'm personally in favor of georgian membership , but i 'm not fooling anyone to why it has not happened yet . 
  i do n't need reporters , i would appreciate polling and data sources . 
  you have to seperate your own personal experiences , which you 're very emotional about , and a broader trend . 
  i have no reason to doubt that which you lived through is real , but anecdotes alone are not sufficient . 
   afghans from iran are not exactly economic migrants . 
  i 'm wondering how you would define that . 
  they 've been around in iran for a long time and while they face discrimination , that is true of kurds as well ( even if they have it better in iran than in turkey , for instance ) . 
  refugee should be people in absolute danger only , think yazidis . 
   only in the eastern part . 
  yeah , because who gives a fuck about eastern ukraine , amirite ? 
  ukraine is a nation in a war right now , but fuck them , meanwhile let 's take in afghanis from countries like iran , which is not in a war . 
  edit : just found out you 're a frequent poster in r/russia . 
  mystery solved . 
  southern italy is a huge part of italy and if a huge part of a nation has the mafia basically controlling it , then that is serious business . 
  i 'm guessing you 're a northern italian ? 
  according to the un , nigeria alone is projected to go from 200 million to close to 800 million people by the end of this century . 
  source : https://i.sli.mg/e16pss.png and that is just one nation . 
  if you look at sub-saharan africa as a whole , it is projected to go from 1 billion today to 5 billion by the end of the century . 
  long story short , this is going to be with us for quite some time . 
  especially since the chinese-driven commodity boom is over and india 's growth is not nearly as investment/industry hungry , but rather is more tilted towards services already . 
  plus their agriculture is self-sustaining . 
  this means that easy , low-hanging growth is essentially over . 
  oh , and we have n't even begun to talk about automation , it is reaching ever lower in the manufacturing value chain . 
  many asian nations like bangladesh , philippines , pakistan etc are taking over from china , and even they are seeing less labour-intesive work than from 10-20 years ago . 
   but corruption has countless forms true , saviano made that point in london recently that the uk is a world center for organised tax fraud . 
  but the same could be said of the swiss etc. 
  even saviano had to concede that the uk government was not corrupt in terms of domestic politics , and that ca n't be said of italy , certainly not when you start looking at the local politicians in the south . 
  that 's why ranking italy as cleaner than lithuania , slovakia , poland etc was just bizarre . 
  it is n't ( even if those nations have problems of course ) . 
  source for that ? 
  his broader point is correct , though . 
  in 2015 , germany went all out against balkan asylum seekers but refused to come down on asylum seekers from mena , afghanistan and beyond until merkel was pushed into a corner . 
  given that the european commission 's own numbers showed that roughly half of all asylum seekers were n't even syrian , they knew a lot of them were economic migrants . 
  and now we assume all who had syrian passports had genuine passports , even if we knew then and know now that a lot of syrian passports are bought on the black market for easier asylum/entry . 
  it 's the same in sweden .
