  let 's up the game and say pegida was waving the nazi flag . 
  i would ban it , yes , but i would not ban it in people 's private homes . 
  as loathsome as i find the flag and its ideology , if people want to display vile and vulgar symbols in the private space of their home , they can . 
  of course , same goes for the isis flag in principle . 
  for me , the demands made on people is qualitatively different depending on the context . 
  it is reasonable that the threshold is higher in public life than in private life . 
   this whole thing got a huge coverage here and was n't well taken by the public at all . 
  yeah , that 's understandable . 
  pretty depressing to read , especially since the czech society truly made its best to make them feel at home . 
  do n't be so sure . 
  germany has said it intends to take in 300k refugees in the coming years from 1 million last year ( i 'm only talking about applicants , not accepted , but most of those who get a rejection will stay on anyway , illegally ) . 
  by comparison , the uk has something like 20k per annum average over the last few years . 
  so even in the `` reduced '' numbers , germany 's planned numbers are * massive * . 
  that 's why i caution you not to make mental gymnastics . 
  even in a distributed quota system , germany would take in a lot more than other european countries have historically done and there 's no indication that the german public would be supportive of this , especially in light of the recent terror attacks . 
  and of course , this completely sidesteps the discussion about enforcement , since refugees coming to poland , romania , bulgaria , portugal , greece etc would all go to germany anyway . 
  these countries would pretend to be upset , but would n't do much to stop it . 
  and what would germany do ? 
  understand it is a lost battle . 
   it will end up implemented to a degree eventually i highly doubt that . 
  for several reasons . 
  first , the amount of reguees crossing the mediterreanian has not decreased yoy from last year thus far . 
  people are starting to understand that while 2015 was a massive year , if enforcement * and * stricter asylum laws are not put in place , there will be no end to it . 
  quotas will evenly distribute the people coming but not the numbers coming . 
  also , they are in effect a way of capitulating , since they implicitly signal that the elites have given up on more border control/enforcement as the * primary * response . 
  second , the string of terror attacks have severely weakened support for refugee migration . 
  this on top on the wave of reports regarding sexual assaults which started in cologne but then rolled on to various reports of groping ( like in sweden at our music festivals ) . 
  third , an increasing number of west european countries have come out against the quotas , i 've mentioned austria and denmark has made similar noises , though not quite as determinedly opposed . 
  what is important to underline is that what matters most is not necessarily outright opposition as much as lack of support . 
  the only country really pushing this right now is germany , hence my comment on its isolation . 
  fourth , public opinion . 
  even the german public opposes the current government 's asylum policies by 60 % . 
  the government has stated that it intends to bring down the number of refugees to 300k applicants per year . 
  that is less than 1 million but still huge . 
  uk has an average of around 20k per year . 
  even sweden ( ! ), 
  has moved sharply away from previous support . 
  in the recent pew survey , massive majorities are deeply skeptical about the current approach . 
  you could make that into a statement of support for quotas if you do enough mental gymnastics , but let 's be clear what it really means : * too many * . 
  quotas would relieve pressure only to some extent , and sweden has taken in too many for a long time , not just last year . 
  i mean , the main opposition party ( not sd ) have even said sweden should do a total freeze on new refugees . 
  that 's how hardline the political climate has become . 
  to sum up , i do n't see how this entire quota plan becomes anything else but a massive failure , just like the self-imposed eurozone crisis in 2011 and the endless and ( failed ) bailouts . 
  german meps are not just isolated from the rest of europe , they are also isolated from their own public . 
  how many did you take ? 
   cultural assimilation assimilation does n't sit in people 's clothing . 
  i 've met quite a few muslim men who dress just like me but have extremely regressive and violent views . 
  i 've also met muslims who were pious and dressed the part but had a `` if the world does n't mind me , i do n't mind the world '' mentality . 
  this is n't a pro or against argument against the burqa . 
  it 's to point out that people * vastly * overstate the importance of clothing to assimilation and that values are far more important . 
  there 's no proof that people 's values will change with their clothing - at all . 
   it enforces a certain level of integration and screws the most radical muslim sects there 's no evidence for either of your statements . 
  integration does n't sit in your clothing . 
  plenty of the terrorists who attacked wore secular clothing and did not have big beards . 
  many of them even had secular habits . 
  yet that did not stop them for suddenly going beserk . 
  also , do you really think many of these stay-at-home burqa moms care about a ban ? 
  they are human cattle anyway and ban or no ban , they 'll continue to use it . 
  women for these sects belong in the home anyway , and do you think german police will barge into people 's kitchens in these ghettoes ? 
  in many instances they do n't even dare go in without back-up in the first place . 
   is there any solid evidence that the burka substantially increases security risk no . 
   just starting to preemptively restrict right based on unsubstantiated fear is a step towards authoritarianism and i find it worrisome that some people here seem to approve of such steps . 
  i largely agree with that sentiment in most cases , but the burqa is a reflection of a stone-age mentality . 
  that mentality can not be cured by banning the clothing which is sprung out of it , but at least society can ( and should ) make a clear statement that it is n't acceptable . 
  however , these are * cultural values * . 
  it has nothing to do with security and its helpful if european politicians stopped spreading the lie that it is . 
  given the recent raft of attacks in france , i fail to see how it has made you safer . 
  as i made clear in another comment , i 'd ban the burqa on cultural grounds alone , but tying it to national security is silly . 
  there are no indications it has helped reduce terrorism at all , and france is proof of that . 
  that 's because you 're probably one of the few people left on this earth with a habit of reading more than a few minutes at a time . 
  i 'm prepared to get downvoted like nobody has ever seen before , but i frankly do n't see what this has to do with * security * at all . 
  make a distinction between what is culturally preferable and what is required for security . 
  if you 're going to ban the burqa , do so on cultural grounds . 
  i 'd be fully in favor of that . 
  but wtf has this got to do with terrorism or security ? 
  nothing . 
  neither of the terrorists had a burqa , since neither was a woman . 
  so why is this even tied into `` security '' ? 
  is germany so insecure that it ca n't make a cultural/value statement and ban the burqa * on its own merits * ? 
  instead hiding behind the veil ( pun unintended ) of `` counter-terrorism '' . 
  i disagree . 
  if you look at the countries with a high proportion of advanced industries , they have done far better than those who have not in recent years . 
  italy has basically stagnated , and not just southern italy . 
  part of this failure is the failure of the italian government to move beyond manufacturing that does not require a lot of skill . 
  and their complete failure to invest into it . 
  the result is for all to see . 
  i do n't share your pollyannaish views at all . 
  the map is congruent with which countries have done well and which have not done well in recent years . 
  you 're comparing nominal in current prices , which is a sign of someone with a na\u00efve understanding of economics . 
  here is the comparison in constant prices . 
  http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.kd?locations=fr-gb given the dramatic fall of the pound in the last few weeks , even in current prices it would likely converge on constant prices , but that is inconsequential . 
  one should never use current prices unless it is a last resort . 
  all governments and major economic organisations use constant prices where they can for reasons i am simply far too lazy to explain . 
  just look at this chart from 2002 to 2008 , compare with the official growth numbers from that period , and you 'll ( hopefully ) understand . 
  it is n't realistic to expect a sudden turkish exit out of nato any time soon , but the fact that this is even an open question now is very telling . 
  it shows that what was once taboo to even ask is now commonplace . 
  if current trends persist , the answer could very well be different in 10 years . 
  turkey is important , but it is n't * that * important if it completely aligns with russia against western interests . 
  then it merely becomes a trojan horse . 
  these clowns do n't mean much .
