  let 's not mince words , westboro is a hategroup . 
  that being said , you 're correct in that they are not * directly * using violence , but by using such hateful incitement against homosexuals , they are in effect trying to create a climate where anti-gay hatecrimes would be legitimised . 
  i have to say , coming from a greek , that is a pretty bold statement , considering your country has been draining the eurozone countries of hundreds of billions of euros with little to nothing to show for it . 
  the development aid is only 1/3rd of the eu budget . 
  most countries spend around 0.3 % of their gni on the eu budget . 
  so 0.1 % of their total gni is spent on other eu states . 
  that is absolutely nothing , in other words , and the beneficiaries have been western corporations . 
  ikea has certainly done very well , so has german superstores and car manufacturers . 
  a poor eastern europe means a much smaller common market . 
  also , one final word . 
  for too long we 've considered the poorer states as basically people who do n't have a say . 
  if they believe another direction of the eu should be taken , we should listen to them , instead of dismissing them as beggars . 
  it 's this arrogance which is destroying the eu . 
  it 's this arrogance which allows juncker to let france get off the fiscal rules because `` france is france '' . 
  such an eu will not last , and your attitude is not contributing * one bit * . 
  i have heard the same thing for the last ten years now . 
  i 'm not saying it could n't happen , but people have to have more meat on their bones than just wishful thinking ( because if the economy goes , then likely does erdogan too ) . 
  a fully islamist turkey will be * much * more socially intolerant than russia , which has issues with homophobia but women are still allowed to live generally free lives . 
  they can drink , wear whatever clothes they want etc. 
  it will be more akin to socially repressive iran . 
  and just like iran , it will have a sizable secular urbanised class , which will be outvoted in every election ( if there even will be any in the future ) . 
  rouhani may be a ` moderate ' but that is a low bar to cross if you 're up against the islamist hardliners . 
  remember , that the islamist vote is not just akp . 
  mhp is basically islamist these days too . 
  large parts of the kurdish population are sympathetic to islamist politicians and when/once the kurdish troubles calm down , many of them will migrate from their kurdish party back to akp . 
  maybe you should rely on polls instead of feelings . 
  le pen will get annihilated by jupp\u00e9 , who will likely be her opponent in the 2nd round . 
  hollande wo n't be there because the left vote is splitting between his party and m\u00e9lenchon 's . 
  of all the major european countries , i am the most sanguine about britain re : diversity . 
  first , anglo liberalism is deeply rooted . 
  continental europe ( reluctantly ) embraced it after other more statist or even totalitarian systems failed . 
  for the british , it was literally designed by their kin and it proved to be the most durable and effective system for human progress , not just for anglos , but for the world . 
  secondly , their immigration policies have been quite smart for most of their history . 
  blair lost his mind during the 1997-2007 era and radically loosened the rules of who could get in . 
  note : the issue here is * not * the amount of people who come , but * who * comes . 
  brown started to mend the system with a quasi-points based system , and started to introduce more skills-based preferences . 
  cameron built on that and may is an immigration hawk by any measure . 
  this means that those who come from outside the eu are either students or work-related folks . 
  the recent cap on minimum earnings of 35k pounds sterling mean an even tougher target . 
  you add a strong philosophical heritage , open to the world yet with a more hardnosed immigration tradition than most of their continental peers , certainly more than france and recently than germany , and the recipe you get is a strong one . 
  i always laughed when i read the prophesies of doom for britain outside the eu . 
  you should be careful with blindly accepting government pronouncements . 
  we were told similar figures as well in sweden , turns out that when they said university degrees , they did not mean 3/4 year bachelor degrees , but included post-secondary courses for everything from tradesmen to hairstylists . 
  syria had a meager 5 % university educated population in 2010 , the latest reliable figures from the world bank . 
  even if we assume that the people coming were more skilled than average , 10 % would be reasonable . 
  20 % is a 4x overrepresentation , that is unheard of in any serious refugee wave . 
  it 's * possible * but unlikely , since this was n't the same kind of wave like that from chile in the 70s or iran in the 80s when the secular urban middle class left , this was a much more broad-based mass wave . 
  infographic for those without much time/energy : http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/sdn/2016/images/sdn1607graph.pdf, 
  i 'm the ideological opposite to karlin , but his piece on the coup is an interesting read . 
  i do n't think there is a need for them . 
  why store them if you wo n't use them ? 
  russia is not suicidal . 
  they wo n't use nukes over estonia . 
  fair , but i 've seen far too many think of po/n as a bunch of liberals - * real * liberals - when in reality they are socially more progressive but more slavish to us interests , which inevitably mean very authoritarian . 
  po introduced acta in 2012 after all and only backed down after a firestorm . 
  they would have pushed this too , because poland is desperate for nato back-up on its eastern flank . 
  germany and france are waffling too much . 
  poland 's it scene is not that developed anyway . 
  i 'm more worried about estonia , which has an amazing it scene and to some extent about romania . 
  both of those places could have their it culture degraded due to excessive us policing in exchange for nato protection . 
  indeed , but you should still pull your nukes . 
   we can not raise taxes is n't france well-known for a willingness to raise taxes to finance its welfare state ? 
  the fight against online piracy is a lost cause . 
  it was never winnable for the megacorporation . 
  these public arrests is all about instilling public fear etc. 
  it 's 100 % propaganda . 
  everyone knows there are always workarounds and instant new competitors the moment one site goes down . 
  name me an eu nation which is n't . 
  i 'm still mourning the 2006 pirate bay raid . 
  if you think po or the others would n't do the same , you 're deeply ignorant . 
  they are if anything even * more * slavish to us interests . 
   trying to kill you  beginning to the end , for this civilisation  nuclear war yeah , i do n't think it 's going to get that serious . 
  nor do i think the far-right wants to kill you . 
  i 'm talking more `` he 's brown , get him out '' . 
  when they realise they ca n't strip you of your citizenship , they will make a scene and sulk . 
  i think comparisons of 1930s are overdone . 
  a more realistic scenario is somekind of soft apartheid system . 
  it will never be officially be promoted as such , but that is likely what will happen `` as to keep the peace '' . 
  i 'd argue that we are already seeing that in some european countries with the rise of parallell socities in more and more suburbs and even entire neighbourhoods within a single state . 
  this time we 'll * actually * get doctors and engineers with pro-western values . 
  many european countries will fight viciously to get as many of those people as possible . 
  reminds me of iran 's secular emigration in the 70s and 80s especially . 
  sweden has almost 100,000 of them , and they are amazingly successful and have adapted very well to our society , economically but equally importantly , culturally as well . 
  you 're fooling yourself if you think the far-right are n't going to turn on you because you 're brown . 
  racial purity is a big deal for them , they have just masked that by talking about culture instead of genes . 
  remember when wilders used to talk about only being against islam ? 
  then he got popular and said that the moroccans will never be dutch and are trash . 
  tell me where in that sentence do you find the word muslim or islam ? 
  they 'll get to you as well , within time . 
  yeah , it is the same thing in scotland . 
  it does prove to people that nationalism is not necessarily a left/right issue and that it * can * be socially tolerant . 
  however , we should be honest and admit that such occurances are still a rarity , but they do indeed happen . 
  i 'm aware of what he wrote , and i do n't think i 've read too much into it . 
  he basically blames state policy , and * only * state policy . 
  for him , those who come to france are essentially passive victims with no agency or responsibility . 
  i was hoping we would have moved past this stage in the debate , but apparently we have not yet done so . 
  if you only focus on one side of the equation without looking at the other , you 're not doing your job properly . 
  i also questioned his portrayal of germany and the uk as somehow much more successful when , as i pointed doubt , the facts for supporting that position are quite weak . 
  of course , i 'm assuming people 's standards are higher than `` at least they did n't commit a terrorist attack today '' . 
  but it seems we are drifting ever lower in our standards to justify past mistakes .
