  i know it almost seems normal now to have them at below-average eu-28 levels but given where they were 5 years ago ** it is anything but normal ** . 
  it is nothing short of extraordinary . 
  it did n't stop anyone entering germany because germany decided that anyone who came from syria but did not have papers would get asylum . 
  you think that is a fluke ? 
  jfc , i 'd thought the spin would get more intelligent , but no , it 's the same claptrap as from last year . 
   how would that have worked out in your opinion ? 
  remember this was 2011 . 
  it was early days in the civil war . 
  it was before russia got involved and pre-isis . 
  if a safe zone had been established , a political solution could have been forced . 
  instead it was hands-off . 
  today it is harder to implement , but by no means impossible . 
  turkey , russia and nato could agree on a safe zone without agreeing/disagreeing to whether assad should stay or go ( which is the main point of contention between them ) . 
  isis is a guerilla group . 
  against a proper nato force they stand no chance . 
  they are hit 'n' run types . 
  syria has a lot of open terrain , so it is only really in cities where they can linger on . 
  and at any rate , they are much more degraded today than they were 2 years ago . 
  kurds would n't be against a safe zone and since it was turkey 's proposal in the first place i doubt they 'd stand in the way . 
  it is n't nearly as hard as you try to paint it as . 
  this is a third world banana republic country we 're talking about , against 50 % of the entire world 's military spending . 
  you 're saying kurds ( whom we support and arm ) and isis would prevent us ? 
   that is not how internationaly recognized laws see it . 
  desinformation . 
  every country has various implementation of international law . 
  it 's why japan has signed the geneva convention yet receives almost no refugees . 
  and * no * , it is n't because `` its far away + ocean '' . 
  that 's the case with australia too , and when they loosened their asylum regime under the socialist/rudd regime during 2009 onwards , the asylum numbers increased by several hundreds of percent overnight to next year . 
   the uk is one ocean further away from the problem than the rest . 
  ca n't be compared nonsense again . 
  geographic determininism is what we heard when this crisis started . 
  we were told borders do n't work , because we ca n't stop the flow . 
  and we all know what happened later . 
  also , sweden has received tons of refugees while finland has received far fewer over the last 30 years . 
  both countries are located far up north in europe . 
  the difference is entirely due to different policies . 
  you 're just spouting off discarded propaganda , i.e. 
  geographic determinism . 
  come with something new , or is that all you have ? 
   it is right in the damn headline !, 
  nope . 
  merkel has merely re-iterated what her old talking points are , except now with more humility and less of a patronising tone . 
  not very surprised we are fifth to last for expats . 
  swedes are notoriously reserved , even to other swedes . 
  we 're polite , but distant . 
  go home burger , you 're drunk . 
   so how is that safe zone coming along ? 
  what a silly question . 
  turkey can not do it on their own , that should be obvious to everyone . 
  they raised the suggestion to the west and to europe and we ignored them . 
  just because it has n't been done yet does n't mean it was n't the right thing then ( and the right thing now ) . 
  if this is your best attempt at vacuous point-scoring , you better raise your game . 
   how many refugees has the uk already taken from those camps on-site ? 
  / u/fuckjeah has already answered this . 
  well , she 's wrong on both counts . 
  as much as everyone likes to shit on turkey ( and i am certainly no saint in that regard ) , they were early with their public calls of creating a safe zone in northern syria . 
  how did we treat them ? 
  as nobodies . 
  guess who were right after all . 
  cameron was also right in his approach , which was to take refugees only from the camps on-site , because that way - and only that way - can you actually vet them properly as well as select those with the highest chance of integration . 
  that is an intelligent and sensisble approach to ensuring public support for refugee migration . 
  but turkey was ignored in their pleas and cameron was isolated in europe . 
  merkel has dropped her arrogant tone of patronisingly telling europe what it should do , but she still needs to do more listening and reflecting . 
  dropping the quotas is a good start . 
  then do a safe zone . 
  then start taking refugees * only * from the location , like the uk does . 
  i know politicians hate to admit when they were wrong , and i frankly do n't care if she never admits it publicly . 
  what matters is action . 
  through her action she can show she has learned from past mistakes . 
  thanks for giving your time to elaborate on your thoughts . 
  when you put it as starkly as that , i 'm fairly shocked just how bad it sounds . 
  what 's even worse is that you 're correct . 
  ireland did n't tell apple . 
  apple lobbied ireland in the 90s when it was still trying to catch up with the rest of western europe . 
  ireland is not without fault , but let 's not forget who was the initiator of this tax scheme . 
  that america is trying to defend a tax cheating company is a fucking disgrace . 
  period . 
  not surprised your burger nationalism got the best of you , though . 
  it 's a common pattern . 
   today , almost one year later , the government admits that not a single refugee who arrived on that weekend or in the days that followed was screened by security officials . 
  i 'll let that quote sink in . 
  this is the only graph you need to look at to understand why this is happening : http://status.st/ the yellow line is the median percentage of sd in the polls . 
  it has consistently underestimated sd 's electoral results because the online polls tend to reflect the true support better ( sentio/yougov ) . 
  in our next election , in 2018 , we 're likely to have three major parties for the first time in our history , m ( center-right ) , s ( center-left ) and sd ( center-left on economics and center-right on social issues ) , all at around 23-25 % each . 
  i personally think the odds are quite high we will have a * samlingsregering * , basically a s+m government with some outside support from the minor centrist parties like c or mp . 
  i do n't believe the 5 % figure . 
  it has been constant for over a decade now , whereas our foreign-born population has increased by over a million . 
  it 's not a relevant number . 
  nevertheless , the notion that we 'd get non-ethnic swedish majority new-borns in the next three years is utterly crazy and deranged . 
  we have about 80 % ethnic swedes and of the remaining 20 % around 6-8 % are other europeans . 
  we 're more demographically european today than america was in the 1960s . 
  how so ? 
  [ reference ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qaxox9mf0m ) . 
  merkel was certainly savaged over it . 
  i doubt it had any influence , but i still chuckled a little bit over your silliness . 
  harry potter does n't count . 
  a lot of reading is also just chick-lit . 
  they should ask * what * they read , not just * if * they read . 
  non-fiction is important because it helps us understand our world more deeply and thoroughly that only a book can offer . 
   who the hell would be against more naked breasts , anyway i hope you 're joking .
