  wages go up , way up . 
  this is compounded by the fact that chinese wages were suppressed for a long time by purpose in order to push exports as lower labour costs helped chinese firms ( together with an undervalued currency ) . 
  chinese average wages have increased with tremendous speed these past 5-6 years as a result of this policy shift . 
  you 're operating on old assumptions . 
  the shift towards a consumption-led economy , has actually been ongoing longer than they have talked about it . 
  the average chinese is better off than the average russian and the discrepacy is increasing . 
   as the satirical anti-government campaign suggests , hungarians have little exposure to refugees i 've always found this to be a weak kind of argument . 
  have people not heard of `` learning from other people 's mistakes '' ? 
  the entire article is one-sided propaganda . 
  i look at the author 's twitter page and - of course - tel aviv is prominently displayed . 
  i bet she 's a zionist , which means jewish-only migration . 
  i eagerly await her next hard-hitting article slamming israel for taking less than 10 syrian refugees despite being rich and right next-door , or building walls all around the country . 
  yeah , i 'm * sure * it 'll happen soon . 
  they are not `` stopping brexit '' , they are merely saying that the uk should n't get any special deals , and if they do , they 'll veto that . 
  quite a sensible approach . 
  why should the brits get special treatment ? 
  the eu commission certainly ca n't be trusted . 
  they give france and other big powers leeway on matters other nations do not . 
  in juncker 's words `` because its france '' . 
  may has been quite open about the fact that she wants a tailor-made deal for the uk . 
  she has for instance slapped down david davis on his suggestion that a hard brexit is the way to go . 
  remember , she was/is a remainer . 
  if she can get somekind of measure passed on limiting migration , or having some amount of control over it , she will likely opt to stay in the single market . 
  overall , bs headline and faulty storyline . 
  disappointed how many people here fell for it , given the amount of attention to post-brexit talks there have been in the sub . 
  from my comment above . 
   california still has very high levels of inflow , but it is mostly high-skilled asians . 
  the people who are running away tend to be low-skill/poor hispanics . 
  that 's not true , it 's a false meme . 
  california still has very high levels of inflow , but it is mostly high-skilled asians . 
  the people who are running away tend to be low-skill/poor hispanics . 
  nevertheless , california 's population growth is very robust . 
  the whole `` people are fleeing california '' is a meme on the right . 
  it used to be popular talking about california as the greece of america until a few years ago , until california pulled out of the slump and texas was exposed as too reliant on oil revenues . 
  now it 's awfully quiet . 
  what a deliciously sensationalist article . 
  the outraged `` how dare they '' - tone is just the icing on the cake . 
  as a corollary , here are their [ retail sales ] ( https://gallery.mailchimp.com/451473e81730c5a3ae680c489/images/d2ab55e9-bf6e-4ca8-a54d-4b2dd25da3a7.png ) , going back 10 years . 
  as a comparison , poland 's retail sales increased by [ over 5 % this past month ] ( http://thenews.pl/1/12/artykul/271627,retail-sales-up-in-poland ) . 
  here are polish [ wage increases ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/poland/wage-growth ) . 
  averging 4 % per year during h1 2016 . 
  i wonder how the average russian is going to handle being quite a bit worse off than the average pole in the coming years . 
  [ here 's a chart of the long-term trend ] ( https://gallery.mailchimp.com/451473e81730c5a3ae680c489/images/cdf6d5a1-8abb-4e85-956a-0719329b7d79.jpg ) . 
  this is a crisis that far surpasses what happened in 08-09 . 
  these are the gypsy elites . 
  who the hell has enough money to go to california ? 
  ppp makes more sense in the lower rungs in the index of nations , as people 's share of discretionary income is proportionally larger in terms of food and rent expenditure , where ppp makes the most impact . 
  as countries scale the value chain , nominal gdp ( in constant currency ) becomes a better predictor of true living standards . 
  people all of a sudden start to want to buy fancy phones , maybe computers , cars , travel abroad etc. 
  ppp is n't going to help you there , as those prices tend to be fairly constant across most developed nations . 
  put another way , a gtx 1080 will cost the same in germany or in poland . 
  same with the latest smartphone . 
  those desires increase as the wealth of the nation does , and as such , ppp becomes a less accurate measurement . 
  even beyond nominal or ppp , i 'd argue that median net wages is an even better measure of financial living standards , because people do n't consume gdp , they need employment and in turn they need decent wages . 
  hungary is still well , well above romania in terms of wages . 
  the hungarian wages have also been increasing quite rapidly as of late . 
  do n't insult the balkans by insinuating that they 're all mental 12 years olds , 
  romania and hungary [ has been moving in tandem ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.kd?locations=ro-hu ) for quite a while now . 
  it 's reasonable to assume that romania will settle down at around 3 % per year growth in the coming years , especially with the demographic situation . 
  also , i think a lot of people would vote left in local elections than in national elections . 
  immigration is n't something a mayor can really influence that much , and that is usually the weakness of most left-wing parties in areas like bavaria . 
  so , people vote for the left in cities because they usually push proposals which are popular across the board , like more fair housing , more green areas , more public transportation , less pollution etc. 
  plus , cities tend to be more socially liberal/tolerant , which is also certainly a factor . 
  i have been told the same by my professors , but privately they admit to using wikipedia for the initial cursory glance . 
  more rigorous sources are then used for the final papers . 
  when academics say they are n't using wikipedia , they 're lying to you . 
  they all are , it 's just that they are not using it as a * final * source , but as one of the tools to get a quick initial understanding of a new area/subject . 
   white-trash do n't use american-imported terms which are often used as a bludgeon against the entire white-working class . 
  i know that is n't your intention ( i hope , at least ) , but that kind of terminology legitimates its use . 
  people would n't talk of `` black trash '' in such a wide generalised way , yet there are no limits to poor white people . 
  words matter . 
   there 's even a sizable portion who are ashamed to admit that they 're polish self-hate is real . 
  also , it could additionally be because while uk gets a lot of headlines , let 's not pretend that anti-slavic ( and anti-polish ) bigotry in germany does n't exist . 
  that certainly contributes to those who wish to hide their identity . 
   framing and selection by the media can and does portray many things in a wrong way , this is know . 
  it could be the case here i 'm not sure how you can spin recurring racist assaults as anything other than a sign of pervasive racism . 
  but people sure as hell keep trying , in this thread and others . 
  i 'm not talking about the internet . 
  i 'm talking about a collective social response which aims to downplay these recurring attacks as a ) inevitable and b ) not much can be done to correct them . 
  it is a cowardly response , more aimed to protect the honor of the society than to protect the safety of the victims . 
  no , it is not . 
  people who refuse to tackle the issue head-on are contributing to the climate of acceptance , or at least * neglect * . 
  there will always be goons , but it is deeply untrue to think that there is nothing to be done about the factors which influence who they attack , how often and why . 
  social norms influence all of those things . 
  while america still has problems with racial violence ( see police violence ) , only the most obtuse would claim that today is the same as in the days of slavery . 
  goons know that you do n't get to pay no price anymore . 
  remember those photos from the south where large crowds stood around a tree , all of them smiling with glee , about the lynched black people hanging from it ? 
  that 's what an enabling social environment does . 
  a climate of acceptance - or neglect - empowers people to do things that they would not otherwise do . 
  it 's the same thing with misogyny . 
  to pretend that this kind of violence can not be affected by social norms is to buy into the myth that is in inevitable . 
  this is convenient , because it lifts the burden of action from those that need to ask themselves the uncomfortable questions of why their society has ended up in this situation i the first place . 
  there 's plenty of bigotry towards slavs in general in many western european countries . 
  when i say bigotry , i 'm not just talking about `` let 's go attack these people physically '' . 
  even in sweden , it has been a form of acceptable racism to make shit comments and make fun of eastern europeans as poor and trashy . 
  the difference is that many on the white left also join in . 
  i 've witnessed first hand how self-described `` anti-racists '' make jokes about polish teenage student girls being cleaners in school etc. 
  the same people would never dare make the same kind of racist jokes about black people being welfare cheats etc. 
  it 's an `` acceptable '' bigotry in many ways . 
  i 'm sure you can find the same thing in other western european countries .
