  i also am strongly for gay rights , women 's rights , i 'm very leftist on things like the environment , high taxes , strong welfare state . 
  go down the list , i 'm for it . 
  but i also believe in free speech . 
  i 've noticed that it 's only okay to ridicule religion if it 's christianity . 
  but not otherwise . 
  i thought the point of the secular left was a world without religion , but it turns out everything they do is color-coded . 
  if something benefits white people , or is associated with white people , it 's bad . 
  so they will write tons about mysogyny in rock music . 
  but we ca n't talk about black rappers referring to women as `` hoes '' , that 's white privilege . 
  you see what i mean ? 
  in the end , i 've noticed that everything that they say , is really mostly directed towards white people and their principles do n't count if you 're non-white . 
  that 's why so many of them have nothing to say on muslim oppression of women , either . 
  see rotherham rape scandal for exhibit a1 . 
  to be fair , they do n't often claim to be oppressed . 
  it 's more like they tell you other people are oppressed and if you do n't hate yourself for it the way they do , you 're a bad person * . 
  * ( the implication being that everything is white people 's fault and non-white people are never responsible for anything in their lives . 
  and as such , if non-whites somewhere , anywhere , do badly then it 's automatically your fault and you should hate yourself , your family and your nation for it . 
  oh , and fuck the flag while we 're at it ) . 
   meanwhile , no one seems to notice that corporate greed ( not brown people ) is crushing the middle class you 're making a troll argument . 
  you can be against inequality * and * massive 3rd world migration at the same time . 
  the two do n't cancel each other out . 
  also , the issue here is n't brown people it 's people coming from a medieval culture . 
  when was the last time you saw a thread where people talked about too high indian immigration ? 
  again , you 're trolling . 
  i can only speak for sweden but by and large the perception here is very positive . 
  remember that the media often uses terms like `` eu migrants '' or `` easterners '' instead of roma . 
  most people are aware of this except the ignorant rabble , who are a minority and often left-leaning . 
  ( as you know , it 's considered pc to hate on eastern europeans among leftists but not on asylum seekers ) . 
  you wo n't struggle at all socially and you 'll feel appreciated . 
  with the uk government slashing onshore wind subsidies and limiting offshore wind , and instead expressing more interest in fracking , i do think this result interesting . 
  we often hear about how wind turbines `` pollute the scenery '' , but in the end , far more people would want turbines than being close to fracking wells . 
  i do n't know about you , but i 'm in the same camp . 
  please . 
  erdogan has been putting the refugees through with glee . 
  tusk even calls it `` hybrid warfare '' . 
  a civil war would probably decrease the refugee flows because who wants to travel from one warzone into another ? 
  getting to europe without going through turkey would be hard . 
  also , a civil war would n't really be that difficult for turkey . 
  it 's really the kurds vs everyone else , so it 's 80 % vs 20 % or so . 
  and the 80 % are far better armed and control all the major state institutions . 
  it would damage their economy , but not really undermine the key state institutions . 
   as much as some people in europe like us to have a civil war are n't you paranoid ? 
  also , turkey has had many instances of a de facto civil war for the last few decades . 
  a resumption in this is n't extraordinary , it 's normal . 
   she notes that she does n't only listen to the ones shouting the loudest in the last 8 weeks the one who has been shouting the loudest has been merkel herself . 
  her increasingly shrill proclaimations ( `` this is not my country '' ) have made any rational debate exceedingly difficult . 
  she has nobody to blame but herself . 
  merkel is going yolo . 
  also , what does it say when you 're in opposition not only to your own population but even your own party ? 
  why is it so hard for merkel to admit that she was/is wrong ? 
  the further down she finds herself in the pit , the more she digs . 
  it 's a childish reaction , a petulance in the face of reasonable criticism . 
  [ relevant backstory ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/bw/articles/2012-10-25/the-plot-to-destroy-americas-beer ) on the ceo of inbev . 
  the man is a soulless robot and the company he leads is a homogenous borg . 
  no wonder the craft beer movement is growing so rapidly . 
  there 's something inherently wrong with their culture . 
  and they have n't really dealt with that . 
  as for their `` extremely fast development '' excuse , you can say the same thing about korea or other newly industralised countries . 
  just because you develop fast does n't give you a carte blanche to be , in your own words , `` medieval '' . 
  and that 's what the saudi culture is today . 
  not sure why you try to absolve them from blame but it 's an amusing spectacle to watch . 
  it 's a brilliant article , but while i am agreement with most of it , there is a passage which i am not :  if we vote to leave , we will not really leave . 
  a bargain will be brokered that preserves some british access to the european market in exchange for some duty to observe european laws -- a version of the swiss and norwegian compromises . 
  over time , this diminished form of membership will start thickening out again as exporters ask for access to new sectors of the single market and regulations are borne as the price . 
  this passage only makes economic arguments . 
  historically , that has been the correct lens to view the euroskeptic debate . 
  what 's happening now is social engineering brought about from berlin itself , and the euroskeptic side suddenly has a superweapon they did n't have before : immigration . 
  the chimera of eastern european migration was always a cover for a deeper anxiety : non-eu migration . 
  the reason why the uk might stay out of the eu with more steadfastness this time around is precisely because culture , in the end , trumps economics . 
  it 's why american jews and hindus vote left-wing , even if it hurts their economic interests . 
  they see the hyper-christian gop as a threat to their minority identity . 
  it 's why the white working class votes for the same party , even if it hurts their economic interest , too . 
  the gop protects their cultural interests , from their pov . 
  it 's why ukip 's strongest suit is immigration - again culture - and why the euroskeptic argument against the euro and the brussels overlord ruling class was always resonant , will now have new weapons which the author did n't simply think about . 
  either way , i suspect britain will stay in the end , just like the scots voted to stay in the uk , but that depends in no small part on merkel regaining her sanity until the polls open , which is far from assured as of now . 
  saudi arabia is a good example that the conventional wisdom which dictates that with increased prosperity , political liberalism will follow is wishful western thinking . 
   blame the government not facebook blame both . 
  facebook and other tech firms have lobbied against higher taxes . 
  amazon lobbied very ferociously in the u.s. not to be subject to the same taxes as brick and mortar stores . 
  yes , the government sets the laws but do n't act as if the companies are not at fault here . 
  they do n't operate in a moral vacuum . 
  and as for `` they will always do what 's best for shareholders '' is n't a valid excuse . 
  if that logic held , then bp should n't have compensated anyone for the oil spill in 2010 because it would have been a loss for shareholders . 
  the length some people are willing to go to cut slack for major corporations never ceases to amaze me . 
   average reddit poster is `` computer specialist '' . 
  how dare you mock creating threads on / r/techsupport ? 
  it works 60 % of the time , all of the time !, 
   people here want to get upset and use every pretext c'mon man , do you really believe this ? 
  you sound like a reasonable person in your comments overall . 
  interesting . 
  as you say , this is anecdotal so all caveats apply , but it rhymes with things i 've read/heard from other people here in sweden . 
  i wonder how many of those people were even truthful on their educational credentials and once they got asked , felt they could n't say no lest they might be found out . 
  basically what this means is that if you got a good education , the premium is just going to go up for you while the white working class will see its wages fall further . 
  not a bad deal if you 're in the elite , for why do you care ? 
   yep syrian laws of physics suck balls , our german natural laws are much better !!, 
  ! 111 is it time to resurrect deutsche physik ? 
  ( too soon ? ), 
  til : the media lies about mass immigration . 
  by the way , according to the world bank , syria had [ 4 % of highly educated ] ( http://www.tino.us/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/world-bank.png ) people before the war broke out . 
  while we can assume that the people fleeing are , by and large , better off than the average population , it would be laughable to believe the wild fables that claim we 're looking at 30-35 % .
