  many kurds were voting for akp until recently . 
  it 's only really chp and a smattering of bits and pieces from the other demographics . 
  turkish islamism will likely be `` milder '' than the one in saudi arabia or pakistan , but it is still islamism . 
  the notion that the eu could have done anything significantly different is a secular fantasy in turkey by people who are in denial about their own country . 
  not true . 
  turkey 's standard of living is roughly on par with romania . 
  only bulgaria is poorer of the ee states in the eu . 
  the czechs are * well * ahead , so are the slovaks . 
  even poland has raced ahead in the last 10 years . 
  turkey was historically significantly richer per capita than poland but that is no longer true . 
  and it 's not even that close either . 
  the baltics are certainly richer than turkey . 
  that being said , turkey is not poor by any reasonable standard . 
  it 's a country which is upper-middle-income and has a real shot at becoming a high income ( by world bank definition ) within the next decade . 
  so far , akp has done better economically than many have thought . 
  given the final illusions of reforms being discarded and the abject denial of eu membership , we 'll see how investment turns in the next 10 years . 
  maybe the turks can replace western companies with gulf arab ones and similar sources ? 
   it does n't hurt to remind any country that would listen what it needs to do to become ready for eu membership . 
  normally i would agree with it , but there comes a point at which it * does * hurt the eu by insisting a country so anti-democratic , fascistic and theocratic - which is what turkey is marching towards in lightning speed - can become an eu member . 
  at that point , you are watering down the threshold to even be considered as to say to the world you either do n't a ) have any standards or b ) are not serious . 
  neither is good for the eu . 
  if there are talks , they should be done as if there was a serious chance to join . 
  if a country has no serious chance to join , it hurts the credibility of the eu to continue talks anyway because nobody from the outside is that stupid to believe the charade . 
  it also makes those who are committed to join - and have a realistic chance to join in the future - to look down on the eu by either playing games or watering down standards . 
  so , it does hurt once that threshold is breached and there can be little debate that turkey has passed the threshold by now , if not years ago . 
  italian and time management ... * impossible * . 
   nato does not care about values untrue . 
  it was founded as an explicitly * anti-communist * alliance . 
  being a fascist was okay , but being a commie was not . 
  so values were not agnostic . 
  of course , the claptrap about '' ** liberal ** values '' is just bs , but that does n't mean that all values are/were relativistic , they were not at the founding of the alliance and are not now . 
  the french political climate seems * incredibly * toxic right now , from an outsider 's pov . 
  if there was any terrorist attack in sweden , the nation would rally . 
  then again , when you have attack after attack after attack ... it 's easy to see why people have just had it . 
  not a good political cocktail . 
  le pen will get crushed by jupp\u00e9 next year , but if she gets over 40 % in the 2nd round , that is still a huge warning signal . 
  from my understanding , the immigrant communities in france are not nearly as ghettoised as they commonly are portrayed , but i may be wrong . 
  many christian french families have friends or even relatives - bound by relationships - from those communities . 
   probably , if we allow us to dive deep into the mud that is human genetics , they would be more slavs and other ostv\u00f6lker than from germanic descent . 
  that 's a fairly definitive statement from you . 
  do you have any sources ? 
  for instance , i think it 's possible , even probable , that inter-ethnic marriage back in those days was far less prevalent than in today 's germany between slavs and germanic peoples . 
  but i do n't know for certain and it would be interesting to see if there was any research on it . 
  again , neither of us know , and you are just * assuming * that there was massive in-breeding , but you ca n't back those statements up . 
   the cultural distance to mena is probably higher than the genetic distance depends from where in europe . 
  from greece , sure . 
  from northern germany to , say , the southern tip of the arab peninsula ? 
  not the same . 
  europe is n't one big homogenous blob , as you indicated ( but also does n't mean there was n't ethnic hetergenisation ) . 
   ramblings of an old geezer . 
  that 's impossible !, 
  how can he talk like an old geezer when he is one ? 
  astonishing . 
  indeed , seeing one islamist faction play off against the other is extremely interesting for the initiated . 
  for those of us who do n't have a stone age mentality , both are garbage and the further away we are from them the better . 
  can you explain the black helicopters part ? 
   lots and lots of genetic diversity there were n't most of those ethnic germans ? 
  kind of defeats sch\u00e4uble 's point , do n't you think ? 
   it does make very much difference no , because i 'm saying erdogan would have done what he did regardless . 
  at this stage turkey is being fought between islamist vanilla and islamist hardliner . 
  it 's like the battle of stalingrad : whoever wins , the world loses . 
   i wonder if it was not a setup where a predesignated group of people will take the fall . 
  well . . * duh * . 
  think less saudi arabia and more iran . 
  even today in iran there is a large secular class , mainly the urbanised middle class , but it is still dominated by the islamist masses . 
  that is probably a more realistic future turkey . 
   the west wont react now . 
  the west coddled erdogan to power . 
  obama said even just a few years ago `` the middle east could do a lot worse than having a bunch of people like erdogan in power '' . 
  eu elites have peddled the myth of the moderate akp . 
  to backtrack now is n't just a difficult contemporary political manouever . 
  more importantly , it would be to admit that they were * massively * wrong for years on end , even complicit , on akp 's consolidation over the turkish state . 
  which , of course , we are . 
  do you have any percentage estimates ? 
  does it make much difference ? 
  the coup was either staged or it was allowed to proceed . 
  it was the biggest clownshow ever . 
  erdogan and his gang do n't need those pronouncements to continue their massive purge and its silly to suggestive it would make any substantive difference . 
  they are re-making turkey in lightning speed into a one-party islamist state . 
  this of course raises an interesting quibble : was germany suffering from significant inbreeding prior to the 1960s ? 
  that is the inescapable conclusion that must be drawn if you accept his premise . 
  eugenics by another name . 
  the world is not black/white like that . 
  a big step would be to reduce the chance to get asylum in the first place . 
  a second step would be to limit the ease at which it 's possible to go underground and go illegal . 
  there are a range of things you can do to reduce the flow , so-called * pull factors * . 
  if you seriously think the only two choices are either `` kill or accept '' you 're an idiot , frankly speaking . 
  would you say libya is a better place now , being overrun by islamists ? 
  sometimes in life , both of your choices are terrible , and there is n't a hollywood happy ending . 
  libya was one of them . 
  syria is another . 
  most people do n't have the willpower or any critical thinking to umoor themselves from their initial culture . 
  if you happen to be born in a successful culture ( buddhist east asian ) , good for you , but the fact remains , your cultural foundation may be good but it would n't be because of your own work . 
  since you were able to think for yourself , that in of itself sets you apart from most people , no matter their religious and cultural background . 
   young people invariably tend to be more secular than their parents young 2nd and 3rd generation kids from mena backgrounds in europe hold more radical and intolerant views than their parents , that pattern holds true in most european countries . 
  you think the pattern for native europeans hold true for all cultures , but that is na\u00efve and incorrect . 
  have you missed the mass purges ? 
  this is not a man who cares about democratic consent . 
   i 'm trying to say the turkish and turkish german community is not one homogeneous group no , but 60 % is still 60 % . 
  personal anecdotes are always beaten by statistics and facts .
