  it 's mostly oil . 
  muscular assimilation is what the people asked for , and the nudists ' gon na bring it . 
  shitposting getting out of control in this thread :d, 
  we need another one . 
  http://o30.imgup.net/bostadskri1aed.png legend : thick blue line is population change year over year . 
  thin blue line is newly began housing and dashed line is completed housing . 
  they have so much loot . 
  who would n't be rolling over in their graves , it has to be uncomfortable being around all those objects all day and night long . 
  i guess i should be outraged but this is just too fucking funny not to laugh . 
   seriously no , i think you 're trolling . 
  migration policy is not borne and carried out in stasis . 
  if you notice that your current rules are too loose , then you tighten them in time . 
  contrary to popular imagination , the migration crisis did not begin in 2015 . 
  look at the deaths in the mediterrean in 2014 . 
  compare it to 2010 . 
  european leaders knew what was happening , and merkel is no exception , and it was going on for years . 
  the people who came in september in 2015 were already on the move for many months before that . 
  similarily , the people crossing into italy now were known to european agencies well before the year even began . 
  these migratory movements take time , and the trendline is important . 
  think of it this way : if your inflation rate goes up and you do n't move your interest rate , then even if your * nominal * interest rate stays the same , your * effective * interest rate is becoming more accomadative/tolerant of inflation . 
  that 's why i say merkel and sweden/austria/netherlands carried out a * de facto * loosening asylum policy over time as the numbers grew but they did not change much in response until the tsunami hit our shores in autumn of 2015 and the system was at breaking point . 
  there were * many * warnings along the way , but they were either ignored or far too feebly responded to , for years . 
  thanks for a dispassionate , non-partisan perspective . 
  it seems to be a rarity on these topics . 
   merkel was in some way in the wrong she was . 
   we had a whole thread marktplatz is a partisan . 
  he has defended her at every step . 
   her ` refugees welcome ' comment had no measurable effect no , there are no reasons to believe it did . 
  but it is a red herring to focus on her comment . 
  you should focus on her policy . 
  she had loosened up asylum rules for several years - together with austria , sweden and to some extent the netherlands - and once the wave started , she knew what was going to happen yet stood by and did nothing . 
  it was always a false binary choice of `` either we take as many as possible or we do n't help anyone '' . 
  merkel could have chosen a route of help on site , but did not focus on it . 
  the fact that germany has a significant demographic problem is relevant to this discussion , and german officials have no made no secret that they intend to plug that gap by immigration , one way or another . 
  #shotsfired * again *, 
   as a matter of fact they have been paying for those military adventures launched by the united states in the middle east this is true , but it is n't a sufficient explanation . 
  europe could have helped a lot more refugees on location , but it chose not to do it the cost-effective way because for many people , taking in refugees is not necessarily about helping them as much as it is about multiculturalism as an end in of itself . 
  the author makes it sound as if this was inevitable , but it was anything but . 
  saudi arabia and the gulf states are all geographically much closer . 
  so is israel . 
  those countries chose a much more hardnosed approach , and europe did not . 
  yet many people do n't want to face that fact , instead preferring to blame it all on the yanks . 
  i would have thought europeans have grown past this disease , but apparently not . 
  also , i reject the notion that this is the consequence of misguided american adventurism in the middle east alone . 
  while that has contributed , the arab world has stagnated economically/culturally far earlier than that . 
  have people already forgotten the arab spring ( which later became the arab winter ) ? 
  those socio-economic malaises , which were at the root of that revolt , have not gotten better . 
  if anything they have gotten worse . 
  europe can not solve that problem by throwing money at it , only the arab world itself can . 
  nor can we solve the problem by taking in huge amounts of people every year . 
  germany and sweden ran that experient last year . 
  we now have a left-wing government in sweden which has pushed through a new asylum regime which is at the minimum of what eu law allows . 
  and , let me repeat , that is * the left * . 
  needless to say , nobody outside a tiny anarchist fringe thinks the flows of last year was a success . 
  europe can not blame everyone else forever . 
  at some point we have to look ourselves in the mirror and take responsibility for the mess we have , if not created , then at least invited . 
  \\ #shotsfired, 
  let 's blame the media , not being defensive at all here , are we ? 
  would you visit japan if it had a terrorist attack every other week ? 
  and yes , japan is the correct analogy here because the countries afflicted are mostly france + germany + belgium . 
  their combined population is not far off that of japan 's . 
  poor prague . 
   he had picture of breivik as his profile pic , not because he agreed with his political views , but because he admired him as a killer . 
  there are a lot of mass killers out there to admire , if you 're a pathological psycho . 
  picking specifically breivik is not random , and it did n't turn out to be random , especially if you come from an immigrant background ( meaning the threshold is higher , thus reducing the likelihood of randomness ) . 
  honestly , i still ca n't understand why people struggle with this . 
   it is not discredited kek, 
  can someone with some insight into the policy question of this explain to me why there ca n't be a massive housing building programme ? 
  i get the risks of a bubble , but why not increase the minimum threshold for cash to something like 20 % ? 
  yes , people will whine they ca n't buy a home before all the houses/apartments get built , but it will help in the long run . 
  most of the `` help to buy '' schemes i 've looked at have often had far too loose credit conditionals attached to them . 
  i do n't understand why we ca n't have tightening financial repression of the mortgage market * and * a rapid build out to both push prices down lower and push debt-binging down as well . 
  can someone with more knowledge of the minutiae explain ? 
  akp support is big among your turks . 
  being secular is more than just personal habits , it is more values . 
  the iranians are not a surprise . 
  yours are like ours , educated secular from the urban middle class . 
  the balkan folks are european in culture . 
  the title is misleading . 
  if you read the text , it specifically says * content * . 
  social science researchers make a distinction between happyness , which is fleeting and ephemeral , and contentness , which is deeper and longer-running . 
  what matters for people 's personal well-being is being * content * . 
  that is influenced by a variety of factors ( both personal and impersonal ) . 
  for instance , being in a happy marriage for a long time makes you content . 
  even 20 years after you were married , you have the dividend of that and as a result , are likely to live longer . 
  even though the euphoria of the early years are most likely gone , which is more directly linked to short-term happyness . 
  not really . 
  it 's no different than other social science surveys . 
  i doubt you even know how they are done or what their methodologies are . 
  they are brown compared to someone like merkel or other fair-skinned germans . 
  your definition of brown is darker because you live in a country where most people are darker than people in northern europe . 
  what 's your point ? 
   the aryan race ** was ** a racial grouping used in the period of the late 19th century to the mid-20th century it 's discredited . 
  i get why they are doing this , to avoid the ` glory ' ( as in , fame ) of mass murderers . 
  but tell me , when someone kills 80 + people , the readers * will * want to find out who that person was . 
  and in our age of instant access through the internet , if the french media does n't provide the info , someone else will . 
  it 's a good initiative in principle but completely unenforcable in practice , for what the intended purpose is ( prevent perpetrator getting famous ) . 
   mediterranean peoples also include people in the levant and north africa , people often forget that, 
  iranians are brown . 
  source : there are 100,000 of them living in this country .
