  if anything , it might * help * relations because you wo n't compete on their primary economic driver . 
  however , this still leaves erdogan 's pro-islamist/jihadist foreign policy . 
  if russia and turkey are truly going to come together , one or the other has to yield in their foreign policy , since they are diametrically different . 
  since russia is a far stronger/more important power , my guess is that it will be turkey which will play the junior fiddle and re-orient its previous pro-islamist foreign policy to please its new master . 
  if turkey does not want to do that , it can always go at it alone . 
  but then it stands completely isolated in the international arena . 
  i have some quibbles with their methodology . 
  for instance , a big arms exporter is counted as less peaceful . 
  that 's true in a very vague/broad way if you define peacefulness as `` contributing to * global * peacefulness '' . 
  however , it does n't say much about that country 's own crime rates . 
  i 'd be more in favor of a more narrow definition , which looks at domestic factors alone . 
  for instance , germany would almost certainly rank higher , but under the current system they are not because they are a significant arms exporter . 
  i 've heard that since i first started to use the internet when i was 11 and i 'm in my 20s now . 
  if anything the effect has strengthed , not decreased . 
  there is n't a need for a car in most cities . 
  a better solution is to build out public transportation networks . 
  cars are more needed for long-term trips and in the countryside . 
  i guess the proper title should be turkey and the us , since most of the piece focuses on america . 
  that 's still appropriate , since america is basically nato for the most part and the strongest voice in nato in keeping turkey there . 
  that being said , i doubt how well turkey would find itself without the west . 
  china has long had a sour eye towards turkey because erdogan has been hiding uighur terrorists in turkey . 
  turkey supported islamist jihadis crossing their borders and provided material support to all kinds of fundamentalist groups . 
  russia meanwhile , strongly supported the secular dictators . 
  either turkey has to do a complete 180 and adopt russia 's position and basically throw away the last 5 years foreign policy or the recent rapproachment will mean nothing . 
  india is not yet a player in the middle east , but the moves so far has been more towards the shia axis like iran with an eye to contain pakistan . 
  turkey 's position is not that important to india as it is to western interests and to russia . 
  i do n't think turkey will struggle on its own . 
  despite all the chaos lately , we should understand that it is generally a lot more stable than most middle eastern countries , but i just doubt that turkey could move into another sphere of influence without basically completely violating erdogan 's foreign policy of supporting jihadists in syria and islamists in general . 
  i doubt it . 
  turkey 's loose border with regards to isis fighters has not been america 's position and erdogan lost his mind when biden noted that . 
  that being said , if you guys completed the boot-licking exercise and adopted russia 's foreign policy in the middle east , believe me , i would be the * last * person to shed a tear . 
  russia 's policy has been smarter/better than america 's so it would be a win for everyone . 
  there may be some new accounts , but i 've seen this lashout even from people i formerly respected . 
  i think it 's a lot of wounded national pride at stake here . 
  it 's the slow-motion realisation that the secular turkey is dead . 
  so the seculars are now forced into the humiliating position of cheering for erdogan , their former arch-nemesis , because the main challenger to the throne is g\u00fclen , who is even worse than him . 
  that 's not a fun position to be in , for anyone . 
  if your main ideology is dead in your country , what left is there to be proud of ? 
  not much , so you find every little perceived slight to explode over , because vague national pride is all you have left , even if the nation is slowly turning into a shithole . 
  as i said : not a fun position to be in . 
   because for once us secular turks are somewhat satisfied of the job being done by erdogan and it 's annoying to have europeans perceive it as worst then before . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  i do n't think g\u00fclen is better . 
  i 'm judging turkey on it 's long-term trajectory . 
  it 's deterioating , significantly . 
  and you do n't want to face that fact . 
  hilarious , you 're taking erdogan 's side ? 
  and the even more hilarious thing is that you probably identity as a secular liberal as well . 
  i highly doubt you 'd be as charitable if turkey was a christian country with the same social pathologies . 
  that 's true , but their current average polling is still within the historical median . 
  it also does n't really refute my point : so many people thought ukip would die post-brexit and what has happened is that they have mostly stayed the same as before . 
  so , there seems to be more to these parties than just their defining issue ( brexit for ukip , refugee migration for afd ) . 
  i have to say , the turks on this sub have become progressively more delusional and hilarious lately . 
  i wonder what the reason is . 
  you 're the best kind of hilarious , the unintentionally hilarious kind , 
   turkey and russia getting together you mean erdogan crawling up to lick putin 's boots ? 
  please . 
  russia 's middle eastern foreign policy has been the * exact opposite * of turkey 's . 
  russia will never co-operate with turkey on anything unless turkey does a 180 and starts adopting russia 's positions . 
  erdogan is going to russia out of desperation . 
  they do n't want to send their money to an islamist authoritarian , perhaps . 
  i 've seen people compare turkey to poland on this sub , people like aboutdesouffle , mattk and others for instance . 
  mattk even said that poland was * worse * than turkey and that poland is erdogan 's role model but with islam instead of catholicism . 
  yes , he got downvoted into oblivion , but its not uncommon to see such sentiment expressed . 
  thanks , 
  swedes generally look more towards anglo nations than germany . 
   i really doubt merkel would allow another 1.5 million refugees into germany , for the sake of her own career , so the afd has literally no reason to exist dunno . 
  people said ukip would die if brexit ever happened and they have held steady in the polls . 
  i think afd is more than just immigration in of itself . 
  it 's more about the entire idea of a multicultural society , is my guess . 
  i 'd be curious if any germans disagree with that . 
   living here for 8 years , having left scandinavia and with no plans to return just curious , what was your age when you left and what are you working with ? 
  also , did you struggle with the language ? 
  moving from norway , the country with the richest hdi to poland , even if it has a decent hdi , is a pretty big leap . 
  so , what motivated you to leave for poland ? 
  also , why is your flair still norwegian ? 
  what do you think ? 
  do you think kern is personally moving in a different direction out of conviction or because of outside pressure ? 
  is n't that the case everywhere ? 
  the ` foreign/exotic ' factor etc ? 
  i know a lot of swedish guys were overstaying in norway ( and especially oslo ) because how simple it was to get laid with norwegian girls compared to back home , even if we basically look exactly the same . 
  if you also look a bit different than the host population , the effect increases even more . 
   what 's disastrous about it ? 
  two things . 
  first , poland is in a pro-cyclical phase of its business cycle right now . 
  what does macro 101 tell us about that ? 
  that 's the time you * reduce * your fiscal deficit . 
  what does poland do ? 
  it * increases * its fiscal deficit which it tries to off-set via one-off measures ( another big no-no ) . 
  secondly , the government says this is to increase child bearing . 
  the only problem with that is that all academic literature says its a terribly inefficient way of doing it . 
  a much better way would be to build out a strong childcare system for working mothers , that 's why most nordic coutries have done , which is why we 're typically doing better on this measure than countries which have not . 
  if poland ca n't afford that then it should n't bribe families , which does not work . 
  poland is n't the first country to have tried . 
  it 's basically ( over ) stimulating an economy which is already humming at it close to its potential gdp growth rate by increasing the fiscal deficit and not really adressing the issue its supposed to cover in the first place , child bearing . 
  so yes , it 's disastrous . 
  btw , read the imf country report on poland . 
  it lays all of this out much better than any of us can . 
  mostly german corporate bonds , for now . 
  draghi is politically clever , because he knows the biggest source of resistance to this is in germany .
