  that will only fool an idiot , someone like yourself . 
  if you think that helps your argument , you 're wrong . 
  europe achieved enormous scientific progress in this timespan . 
  that there was a lot of strife makes this * more * impressive , not less . 
  what has the arab-muslim achieved in the last 500 years ? 
  the trend of the last century is not pointing up , it 's pointing down . 
  the muslim world today is less secular , and more fundamentalist , than it was by mid-century , last century . 
  honestly , you seem to be on a jihad to save face for the islamic world . 
  real talk : when did merkel become an ultra-leftist in her rhetoric ? 
  i mean she was always presented to us here in sweden as this cold , almost unemotional ex-physicist who kind of stumbled into politics . 
  now she 's talking like a radical leftist - and her * ultimatums * !, 
  if you do n't agree with me then `` it 's not my country '' . 
  that 's how a teenager talks , not a grown woman . 
  i missed this event when merkel turned into a hyperemotional radical leftist on immigration . 
  when was it ? 
  because she acts and talks like one . 
  no the german people . 
  look at the polls . 
  the leadership are racing to catch up to the people . 
  we all want to blame merkel but in reality , the people deserve the leader they get . 
  if your daughter [ looks like this ] ( https://instagram.com/p/rssda2ryaw/ ) , then you ca n't claim to be shocked when she goes nuts . 
  she was already crazy in her head . 
  the act was just the logical conclusion . 
  oh , race-baiting white people . 
  what a shock that it 's an american . 
  go back to your ghetto . 
  here 's a much simpler solution . 
  end the magnets . 
  the pullfactors . 
  crisis solved . 
  nobody will come if there is no hope for asylum . 
  but it 's a lot easier to spend bloated cash on a nonsense `` solution '' so that it looks good on the nightly news and people think * wow they are really being active * . 
  end the charade . 
   europe on top of that should pay more attention to also solving the problems in the middle-east itself . 
  which is stupid . 
  europe is n't responsible for the mess in the me . 
  the people living in those countries are , especially the rich arab gulf states who have been funding fundamentalist islamic hardliners for many decades now . 
   send our military to make their country safe for them to live !, 
  i joined the military right after school and i would love to do something that is actually making a difference . 
  i do n't understand this mentality . 
  do you think white people have an obligation to run their countries for arabs ? 
  you 're basically a `` liberal '' imperialist with a white savour complex . 
  i 'm going to save the arabs even if they never asked me to !, 
  i do n't understand what is so hard by accepting that the only people who can decide the fate of the arab world are ... drum roll ... the arabs themselves . 
  not us . 
  people say , well , sykes-picot etc etc. 
  i say look at india . 
  it was colonised for hundreds of years , including direct control for almost a century . 
  and look where it is now . 
  or look at former colonies like the philippines or indonesia . 
  the list goes on . 
  bottomline is , we ca n't control what happens in these countries in the post-colonial world . 
  remember how invading iraq would spread democracy in the middle east ? 
  exact same mentality that underpins your comment . 
  when things go well , as in india or south-east asia , it 's their credit . 
  conversely , when things go shit , like in the arab world , its also their credit . 
  people are not puppets of white people . 
  that age has since long passed . 
  a large part of their current instability is due to the rise of radical islam over the past 100 years . 
  there 's no military solution to this . 
  this is a deeper cultural rot within the arab-muslim world . 
  get this notion that white people have to `` save '' arabs from themselves out of your head . 
   which is what a lot of european suggested before being shouted down because not blindly accepting mass immigration makes you a bad guy right now . 
  it 's well worth stopping once in a while and ponder just how pathological this is . 
  korea , japan and other east asian countries take zero refugees and have done so for a long time . 
  i do n't see them being hated on . 
  europe has got to get out of this pathology that states that we are somehow the ash tray of the 3rd world . 
   but he 's agreeing with the current policy . 
  please explain what the current policy is . 
  because last time i checked , it changes every single day , and the shizophrenic impulse is coming straight from berlin . 
  are you suggesting white people can be discriminated against ? 
  that there is racism against white people ? 
  end this before i end you !, 
  he even posted stuff about his own troll accounts : https://www.reddit.com/r/isrconspiracyracist/comments/3jlggb/rconspiracy_regular_ueuropean88_aka_michael_slay/, 
  turks vs kurds has the potential to be a lot more explosive in sweden than in germany , for instance . 
  the turks in germany hold a massive numerical advantage there . 
  in sweden , the two sides are a lot closer to each other population-wise . 
  you see the same thing with the rotherham child rape scandal . 
  it was suppressed for so long because it was overwhelmingly muslim pakistani men going after white girls . 
  it `` fed racial stereotypes '' . 
  remember , these are self-described `` feminists '' and `` liberals '' we are talking about . 
  what amazed me most is that ** even after ** the scandal broke , leftist feminists were [ * attacking the people who uncovered the scandal * !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oj9da6e3fjw ) it 's amazing to me , really . 
  i agree with modada here . 
  it used to be the case that you could n't affect things from afar except the very educated elite . 
  that 's not true anymore with cheap travel and massive extensive diasporas . 
  in turkish elections , all the major pols go to europe to canvass votes . 
  a lot of these communities only live in europe for economic reasons but do n't consider themselves culturally part of the continent ( which of course does n't consider them part of the continent either ), 
  which they all want to be . 
  gives them a military edge over their rivals and an unfailable cop-out excuse if things go sour ( which they inevitably do ) . 
  `` oh no , i am on * your * side !, 
  the evil white man forced me !, 
  he threatened my family !, 
  do n't look at me , look at him ! '' . 
  and the population buys it every time , cue repeat . 
   of course they integrated well -- they were physically and genetically similar to anglo-americans , the original whites . 
  once the cultural/religious/linguistic differences started to drop away , and there were n't enough physical differences to stop them from being accepted into the majority once that point had been reached . 
  i think that you overemphasize skin color . 
  the reason why it worked was * because of culture * not despite it . 
  the asian example is a good one .
