  you have exposed a chink in his armor . 
   the problem with wind and solar power is not their price per se but the fact that the production is very volatile . 
  this means that large amounts of classic power plants have to be ready to compensate the lack of wind and sun . 
  no , that 's not what it means . 
  what it means is that we need more battery storage to take account for this variation and once those systems are in place , we 're set . 
  in fact , this is already starting to happen . 
   because the us rejects multi-culturalism . 
  you come , but you 're assimilated into now , we 'll take your food and probably add a holiday if we can make it an excuse to drink , but thats about it . 
  i think it 's time to crush this myth . 
  the u.s. * used * to reject multiculturalism , but that 's only because it smashed various european ethnicities into one by by anvil of fear , of the yellow peril , of the black `` beasts '' and the red danger and so on . 
  of all these european peoples it smashed them all into one hegemonic whiteness , but the social cost for doing that to others is often neglected by americans . 
  eric liu wrote about this in democracy journal a few years ago . 
  do n't have the link but you could find it if you look a little . 
  it 's well worth the read . 
  it was n't just non-whites which were intimidated . 
  i 've read stories that some americans on reddit , at other subreddits , had their grandfather/mother tell them that the kkk ( ! ), 
  were in their classroom making sure everyone spoke english . 
  so that was america a 100 years ago . 
  today the assimilationist approach is dead . 
  50 % of all california schoolchildren speak another language than english at home . 
  america has de facto become a multicultural country even if it pays lip service to assimilationist ideals . 
  and how was ukraine invaded ? 
  there are plenty of ethnic russians in estonia . 
  it would n't be hard for the kremlin to paint it as a civil war , which should n't need international involvement . 
  they could smuggle in their troops without doing it overtly , like in ukraine . 
  of course , everyone would know what would be going on but as long as u.s. troops would n't be attacked , do you think the u.s. public would be demanding , nay , throwing themselves at the president to make sure american boys lose their lives for estonia , especially when they are n't targeted ? 
  american leaders say lots of things , lots of times . 
  remember the `` red lines '' in syria ? 
  or that assad had to go ? 
  now the u.s. wants to exclude european nations for being too hardline on assad leaving . 
  funny how fast that changed . 
  i lost count how many times i heard senior american leaders repeat after each other with total conviction all of these promises/red lines i outlined . 
  time and again as each promise was broken and each red lined passed , they did nothing and cleared their throat . 
  take a good look at your leaders . 
   i think laboe meant in general that germany tries to turn the eu more to their profit , rather than the collective profit , which i partly agree with . 
  i 'm not sure it makes you necessarily a eurosceptic populist . 
  a french guy gets critique of germany ? 
  well , you guys have been at it for far more than we have  jokes aside , you are correct , of course . 
  you understood my point precisely and lemontolha has n't understood anything at all . 
  my point being that everything the eu does is being run through berlin is absolutely valid , and trying to downplay that as kraut-bashing should be beneath you . 
  now , everything being run through berlin * does n't * mean that berlin is ignoring everyone else , but when push comes to shove we all know one voice counts for far more than everyone else 's and it 's no longer possible to deny or downplay that , or even suggesting that raising the issue is `` kraut-bashing '' . 
  i absolutely am a federalist and * you * of all people is certainly * not * the arbiter of who is and who is n't one , which would be pretty hilarious . 
  ( nice try though , bro , nice try ) . 
   angela merkel is solemny controlling the eu on her own from the reichstag and everyone else in europe is opposed right ? 
  i never said merkel controls the eu . 
  i said the eu is dominated by germany . 
  merkel = / = germany ( even if she probably would be flattered by thinking it 's the case ) . 
   there are 27/28 members on the council that are not german , 27/28 members on the commission that are not german and 655/751 members in the european parliament that are not german . 
  exactly , you 're making my point to me . 
  so why is one voice so utterly dominant on every issue over everyone else ? 
  that 's not federalism , it 's a fiefdom . 
   deportation laws are the same for everyone nope . 
  if you 're considered coming from a safe country , you 're not going to be affected so it 's not `` same for everyone '' . 
  it 's actually highly dependent on source of origin . 
  and the only thing these so-called `` tough laws '' is doing is saying to european economic migrants from the balkan : go home and to pakistanis , ghanians and others who claim to be fleeing war and persecution ( but in reality are in the same boat as the balkan migrants ) : come here . 
  actually , the draft to create a united federal eu army is * not * the same as nato ( i.e. 
  you must be a nato member ) . 
  so being part of nato is n't valid in this case . 
  additionally , part of the reason why a federal eu army is even under consideration to start with is that most of nato 's troops are american , which the ` muricans whine about a lot ( but it 's all for show , because giving most to nato also means the u.s. essentially runs the show ) . 
  see the reasoning now ? 
  so i do n't know why you keep adding in nato . 
  if you think nato matters in the discussion of a federal eu army you 're mistaken and also lol if you think german nationality security interests are more aligned with america than with a northern country just a few hundred km away from your shorelines . 
  remember the iraq war ? 
  actually your comparison is illogical and quite stupid . 
  adding the hdi of various european countries does nothing because they are interchangable . 
  adding the militaries of various european countries does significant difference because they add up . 
  the combined armed forces of all the major european nations are absolutely far more worth than the army of a single nation . 
  you ca n't say that about hdi . 
  so yes , your analogy was stupid . 
  you can criticise the ranking - it 's not perfect - but at least do so intelligently . 
  the baltics know you 're never going to fight for them . 
  only if it 's a major country like poland . 
  and so do you . 
  you wo n't be able to ban robot weaponary , ai military systems etc. 
  the reality is that those who use them will simply have too many trump cards compared to those who do n't . 
  it will be like nukes . 
  everyone will agree that nukes are bad but * nobody * of the major powers will stop having nukes . 
  it 's total hypocrisy . 
  it 's like the line from the sum of all fears :  you think nuclear proliferation is the real deal ? 
  think about a pistol . 
  it has 14 bullets . 
  say you take out half . 
  do you feel comfortable getting shot with 7 instead of 14 ? 
  precisely . 
  i 'm a federalist , so my pov is diameterically opposed to farage , but i nevertheless appreciate a contrarian voice . 
  the eu parliament is a joke . 
  it 's a rubber-stamp palace which is fluffed up to disguise the fact that it has no power and no voice . 
  all policy is set by the leaders of the national governments . 
  just take the issue of 3rd world migration . 
  even if there was a will in the parliament , which there is n't , do you think they could force merkel 's hand in any way possible ? 
  of course not . 
  the eu today is not a federalistic project . 
  it 's a fiefdom of german domination which is growing relentlessly aggressive in its unquenchable thirst for power . 
  when i put the scores together of all the major european countries on the list i get a score of 2,05 . 
  that is more than 2x of america . 
  which of course sounds a bit unrealistic , but it nevertheless shows the potential of a united european army , especially if we can finally get to the nato-required goal 2 % of gdp for defense spending for everyone . 
  people often assume military budgets are the same as military strength but i think the recent rout of the very well-equipped iraqi army by isis disproves that notion . 
  basically this . 
  also , it 's a majority-rule map . 
  which means if there are 51 % of white british people in an area , it counts as white british even if 49 % are not white british .
