  if you read properly , it says '' * among * hardest hit '' not '' * the * hardest hit '' . 
  your quote has done nothing to discredit the article . 
  yeah . 
  if your wage went up by 5x or more , you 'd accept worse working conditions as well ( at least for a period of years ) as you save up for that house/car or whatever big expensive that is planned . 
  the point is that these migrant workers , whereever they are , would n't accept these conditions forever . 
  that 's why international capital likes to use them for a couple of years and then get new migrants . 
  that 's what the american capitalists have done with regards to mexicans . 
  oh , you 're complaining ? 
  too bad you do n't have any documentation , i 'll just get a new migrant since you do n't have any workers rights . 
  it 's the same thing with indians and h1b visas . 
  it 's a temporary visa which you can hire an indian and pay them twice or three times less and then when the job is done , you just send them home . 
  a new job ? 
  get a new indian on a h1b visa . 
  rinse , and repeat . 
  that the nz pm slams his own citizens just shows what a scum he is . 
  unrelated to the topic , but related to china . 
  i went a two years ago or so with my family . 
  i swear , if i knew how much you 'd get stopped for being blond , i 'd charge them every time they wanted to take a photo with me . 
  might even have paid for many expenses while i was there . 
  i was n't in shanghai , which is the most international city , but i was in beijing . 
  so it 's the capital and indeed , i did see some foreigners . 
  i 'd still say that i was surprised how ultra-homogenous it was . 
  i saw way more foreigners in warsaw than in beijing . 
  ( most foreigners in warsaw are also other europeans , so i 'm only talking about visible minorities ) . 
  when we queued to their national museum , we were literally the only visibly non-east asian people there . 
  the line must have been several km long . 
  this was peak tourist season , one of their main attractions in their capital . 
  no wonder you get stopped even in beijing . 
  i was also told that if i had gone further inland away from the coastal cities , you 're basically treated like a mini-celebrity . 
  i mean , some westerners are literally paid to show up to corporate events just because of their looks . 
  b-b-but i was told that borders do n't work !, 
  i was told that walls are immoral and just a cheap populistic trick used on rubes like those knuckle-dragging xenophobes !, 
  are you telling me i was * lied * to !, 
  humanitarian superpower would be paying for it , if it did n't make us racist . 
  it 's time to stop pussyfooting around poland 's coal addiction . 
  they should be pushed hard to radically step up their renewable energy program . 
  they had a good year in 2015 , but that was mostly because of expiring incentives . 
  so far in 2016 , there has been almost nothing . 
  i get that they have many workers in coal companies , but coal is history and it is toxic . 
  if the polish government ca n't understand that , then the rest of europe should n't be held hostage to dinosaurs . 
   wechall.net you go to their country ranking and their # 1 team is vanuatu . 
  pitcairn at # 4 and antarctica at # 10 . 
  i wo n't deny that i chuckled , but that ranking is pretty meaningless . 
   ctftime.org 5 out of the top 10 are european . 
  the sixth team has a . eu adress but their description says international , so i 'll leave that team be . 
  nevertheless , still pretty good . 
   a good metric for programming and exploitation would be sites like projecteuler , ctftime and maybe even wechall . 
  what differentiates them from each other ? 
  do you have a link to a national ranking/a list to share ? 
  respectfully , but you 're both wrong . 
  we lack a common unified market . 
  the single market is still riddled with holes . 
  if you want to have a big tech company , you need a big market . 
  i 've said it 1000 times but it is worth repeating : spotify and skype both found it easier to expand to the us than to other eu countries . 
  it 's why us and china dominate tech , and why india will come up . 
  as long as the eu still does n't have a completely unified internal market ( which can only happen if the eu truly becomes a single country ) , then it will be easy for sv firms to just buy off the best european tech talent , case in point , deepmind . 
  that 's because we are the most wannabe-anglo nation on earth . 
  it 's pathetic and sad . 
   poles living in western europe never stand up for themselves not necessarily a good thing . 
  the choice should n't have to be between shutting down the airport or not standing up for yourself . 
  poles should speak out more , but they keep their head down a bit too much . 
   swedish politicians on youtube why us ? 
  why always us :( i bet it was \u00c5sa romson , too . 
  russkie stronkest in yurop , though . 
  you get a trophy if you participate !, 
  they 're all the same color , too , just different hues , 
  i do n't think most people are aware just how crazy good german export performance is . 
  we 're talking about a country which has a higher trade surplus than china , which has an economy which is over 3x germany 's size and growing over 4x as fast with a population that is more than an order of a magnitude larger . 
  economic factors are important , but it is annoying to keep seeing it trotted out as a monocausal explanation . 
  israel has 3.0 in tfr yet it has a gdp per capita at the same level as italy . 
  israel 's hdi is also higher than italy 's . 
  israel 's welfare system is n't really that great either . 
  the major difference is that israelis have a pro-natal culture while italy , like so many other european countries , do n't and where selfishness rules . 
  people get mad when you are being blunt , but it 's just the reality . 
  money helps , yes , but the biggest problem here is the culture . 
  oh , and inb4 `` but le orthodox jews '' . 
  they are only 10 % of the population . 
  secular , non-religious jews have a tfr at around 2.6 . 
  so please get another excuse . 
  we 've also seen what countries are like when their demographic base disappears before their eyes , like japan , which sells more adult diapers than diapers for children . 
  they also have massive amount of debt since that is the only way to stimulate an economy with demographic deadweight . 
  like it or not , modern capitalism is built on consumption . 
  if you do n't have enough babies on your own , you either import people or you face japan 's fate . 
  i 'd personally go much further and completely ban cars in large cities like barcelona . 
  the solution is bikes + public transport . 
  there just is n't a need for a car in a major city . 
  i cycle relatively slowly and i do about 3 km in 15 minutes . 
  i did n't select 3 km out of nowhere , that is the average length of a car trip in an aggregate of american cities . 
  given that european cities are more densely packed , i assume the average length of a car trip in a european city is even lower . 
  many european cities have become progressively more polluted with the rise of diesel engines , but really , even if it was all evs , i 'd still ban them . 
  tires still pollute a lot , and that is something which can be cut down a lot by public transportation . 
  also , far from all evs will have ai driving them at all times , meaning public security also decreases . 
  while i appreciate what barcelona is doing , i am hoping they will be far more radical . 
  yeah it 's ironic . 
  states do social engineering constantly . 
  it 's part of bettering society . 
  it 's why we mandate that some stairs to be more accessible to the disabled , even if it is done at an economic cost . 
  why ? 
  social engineering . 
  to be fair , they are a group explicitly about black interests , so yeah .
