  i for one will be looking with great interest . 
  remember [ this ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/poland-hungary-czech-republic-slovakia-visegrads-illusory-union-bratislava-summit-eu-migration-orban-fico-sobotka-szydlo/ ) ? 
  i said at the time , and it bears repeating again , that the test of the visegrad union is n't economic interests , but cultural/social interests . 
  that appears to be true , then as now . 
  never pass up an opportunity to come out as the stereotypical anti-american european . 
  let 's try to keep this informative and substantive , instead of degenerating into mere slurs . 
  i do n't expect him to win the next election . 
  my base case is that that merkel will get her next term . 
  german politics is often dominated by long periods of the same chancellor . 
  i 'm just talking policy , there are better alternatives . 
  as for flip-flopping , i 'm not sure how merkel got a reputation as a paragon of principle , but there are plenty of examples of her going back on her previous words or just outright changing position on expediency . 
  i 'd say that her two most strident legancies ( eurozone crisis in 2011-2014 and refugee crisis from 2015 - ) where she tried to compromise as little as possible are also her weakest areas . 
  a lot of people talk about the refugee crisis today , because it is topical , but i think it 's quite possible that with the passage of time , her record on austerity will be seen as a bigger blunder , because the consequences were that much graver . 
  that being said , in terms of raw political skill , i do n't see anyone near her in germany today , hence my basecase scenario of her getting re-elected . 
  policy-wise , it 's a different story . 
  this gon ' be good . 
  compromise : you take malm\u00f6 , we keep sk\u00e5ne . 
  i used to think so , but i do n't think anyone will have a different refugee policy . 
  in terms of economic policy , a gabriel-headed government would be far more pragmatic and less obsessed with disastrous austerity . 
  merkel 's environmental record is not bad , but everything can be made better . 
  so , all in all , her weaknesses on immigration wo n't be much different but economic policy and environmental policy will become better . 
  afd is a massive tea party shitshow , so they do n't count . 
  greens are too small to be relevant , ditto with die linke . 
  chicago of sweden . 
  if we assume a long-range per capita growth of 3 % per annum over 15 years ( meaning that the next few years will be supercharged but over time , romania 's demographics will catch up to it ) , then you should end up with a ppp-adjusted per capita of around 32,000 . 
  as a comparison , israel * today * , has 31,700 ppp gdp per capita in constant prices . 
  that is n't `` not that poor '' , that 's positively well-off . 
  china , for all its success , is still at around 15,000 per capita , and that is in * current * prices . 
  in constant prices they are at around 13,500 . 
  true . 
  slovakia does have the advantage of geography as it is deeply enmeshed in the german supply chain . 
  a large part of its economy is revolved around auto manufacturing . 
  still , there are other countries in ee , like hungary , who are also part of the same chain and they have been [ passed in the last 10 years ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.pp.kd?locations=sk-hu ) by slovakia , so while we acknowledge the advantages of slovakia , let us also give credit where credit is due . 
   we could n't compete not with that attitude you wo n't . 
  yes , but that is by nominal prices . 
  what 'd be interesting to see is what the net discretionary median income is , after being adjusted for taxes and ppp . 
  disagree . 
  a country like slovenia has far less in common with , say , kosovo than it has with slovakia . 
  as another example , romania has less in common with moldova ( economically ) than it has with hungary , despite moldova being culturally closer . 
  the point here is that cultural groupings do n't necessarily translate into economic groupings . 
  when two countries like slovakia and croatia track each other with uncanny accuracy , i do n't think it strengthens your argument that they ca n't be compared . 
  if that was the case , then you 'd see the divergence far earlier than before the crisis , yet you did n't , as they were closely tracking each other for many years . 
  so , your argument would be valid if it held true from the beginning . 
  but it did n't . 
  eu-28 ( britain has not yet invoked a50 ) . 
  [ indeed ] ( https://i.sli.mg/krn1wk.png ) . 
  it 's understandable most people have n't heard about it since you never read about it in the press . 
  prime-age ( i define that as age 25-54 ) employment rate is a better underlying indicator of labour market health , as it cuts out both students and retirees . 
  in the eu , we 're looking at 16-64 instead since that is the age most people are actively looking for work , so it is n't as good , but it is still better than unemployment rates . 
  some countries with low unemployment rates often have low labour participation rates , which gives an artificial effect of `` good jobs situation '' . 
  this is nonsensical of course . 
  the employment rate adjusted for prime-age gets rid of this distortion . 
  right , but i was speaking specifically to your employment situation . 
  [ it 's not good ] ( https://i.sli.mg/krn1wk.png ) . 
  as a comparative exercise , the [ divergent paths ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.pp.kd?locations=hr-sk ) of croatia and slovakia is a very interesting illustration of just how sudden economic performance can change . 
  this is why forecasting the economy is a fool 's errand . 
  the reality is that we have * no clue * how our countries will do even 5 years from now , despite all kinds of forecasts . 
  sometimes when a country overtakes another , it 's a case of one country doing a lot worse rather than the other country doing well . 
  other times it 's one country doing exceptional while the other is merely muddling through . 
  this time it is that combination of both , as what romania is doing is impressive but what croatia is doing is an absolute mess . 
  let 's hope croatia finally starts to get itself together after being passed by everyone . 
  [ the more you know ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.pp.kd?locations=hr-ro ) . 
  actually , what is even worse than their gdp per capita is their * atrocious * employment rate . 
  the only country with a worse employment rate than croatia is greece . 
  acknowledging reality is a weasel word . 
  other countries have n't stagnated like portugal for decades . 
  if you accept fatalism , which is rampant among portugese posters in this thread , then that is very comforting because it lifts the burden of action from the collective shoulders of the portugese people , but it also will not help you get out of the rut . 
  not one iota . 
   that does not invalidate the basics of what i said actually it kind of does . 
  adjusted for constant prices , italy has barely moved in 20 years . 
  if you can look past the sensationalist headline , it 's an interesting read . 
  austria has long been a key part of the german supply chain . 
  it 'd be awesome if they got a forward-looking car company of their own . 
  poland had 45 years of brutal soviet oppression and exploitation . 
  did that stop them from reforming ? 
  [ they are on the verge of taking over you ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.pp.kd?locations=pl-pt ) by ppp . 
  excuses , excuses is all i see . 
   chose any historic event to blame which you should never do . 
  using history to rationalise centuries of stagnation and underperformance is a cheap trick to avoid taking any responsibility in the national culture . 
  tax haven . 
  think ireland but on a smaller scale . 
  gdp growth can be padded by corporate inversions . 
  ireland grew by 24 % a few quarters ago . 
  much of that was just corporations switching their hqs to ireland . 
  it is n't so dramatic in the nl , but there are aspects of it . 
  the notion that economic growth will suffer if the taxes on the rich is too high is nonsense . 
  most rich people in nordic countries find ways around it . 
  in sweden having your own firm is popular . 
  i know plenty of examples of well-heeled professionals who are working for a firm ( their own ) which is then employed by other firms . 
  taxes go down dramatically , and its all legal . 
  the ultra-rich do all kinds of exotic stuff to avoid taxes even more . 
  what the tax rate is for the rich rarely affects them due to wide-ranging tax avoidance . 
  the us has a corporate tax of 37 % or so , yet this is deemed as `` too high '' . 
  the uk has a corporate tax at 20 % or even lower ( too lazy to check the latest numbers ) , yet apple still wants to pay no more than 0.05 % of tax through tax arrangements . 
  it 's time for that myth to die . 
  ease of doing business is exactly about encouraging business . 
  your comment is literally one of those instances where you 've got a home-cooked definition nobody else in the world uses except you and you refuse to accept that you 're wrong . 
  it 's always amusing to watch that kind of clownshow . 
  it 's not easy * today * , but that does n't excuse portugal 's long record of terrible economic growth . 
  you ca n't make excuses forever .
