  we 're talking military power , not just economic power . 
  you 're misunderstanding that having the capability to nuke any place on earth requires a certain size and sophistication which is only available to the best militaries . 
  in other words , the threshold is in of itself a sign of a great military power . 
  you need longrange icbms which you only get by having a strong research and development programme , you need nuclear-firing subs , which in of itself is a rarity and so on . 
  by the time you get all of that , the other aspects of your military is almost certainly world-class already . 
  pakistan would not have those things because their military is not top notch . 
  china does have those things , which is why their military is seriously impressive , like russia 's . 
  right , but fighting a war against a nuclear state is different than shitkicking an arab dictator with a poorly trained army who runs a third world country . 
  russia 's defence capabilties are not as significant as yours , but distance matters and motivation matters . 
  they are far more able to conduct warfare in eastern europe than you guys are . 
  plus , for them , it is an existential threat . 
  eastern europe for you is not different than east asia . 
  it matters security-wise , but when all is said and done , your national security is not at risk fundamentally . 
  would you risk the western coast being nuked over ee nations ? 
  i doubt it . 
  russia is not equivalent to the us , but it is certainly more powerful militarily than the uk is . 
  remember that about 1/3 of most budgets are just about salaries . 
  if you look at the amount of subs , tanks or high-tech capabilities like hypersonic jets etc , russia blows you the fuck out quite easily . 
  if you think otherwise , you should educate yourself . 
  being an ignorant patriot without any knowledge is not helping you . 
  you should n't look at nominal , since the ruble 's value has fallen a lot in recent years , russia 's gdp may have declined by a few percentage points , but it has n't fallen 30 % , like its currency . 
  remember they hardly import any weapons , so having a weaker currency in that sense does n't hurt them too much . 
  the main problem for them have been the sanctions , which are most likely going to ease within 6 months or so . 
  if you look at their economy through ppp , the correct measurement , the are not a superpower by any means , but certainly not a midget . 
  and as i stated previously , the main problem is their military , not their economy . 
  funny how you got downvoted for stating the facts . 
  fixed that . 
  you 're completely missing the point . 
  it 's not that we would n't notice . 
  it 's that we would n't be able to do anything about it . 
  russia can move to gotland from their eastern shoreline within an afternoon and take it over completely . 
  sweden is not in nato atm , and even if we were , there would not be time to respond . 
  it takes days , not hours . 
  you need amphibious transports to respond in force and no nato force in the neigbourhood has that right now . 
  gotland 's defences are also easily destroyed by russian aircraft . 
  for someone who rants about arm-chair generals , it is * you * who are ignorant and uninformed . 
  read up before yapping nonsense . 
  it 's not that easy . 
  take aghanistan . 
  their budget is being funded 40 % by the eu . 
  yet even germany of all nations could n't get their government to co-operate on taking back sufficient denied asylum applicants . 
  so let 's say we slash their funding . 
  you know what happens ? 
  their government collapses and the ultra-fundamentalist talibans take over . 
  you think they will co-operate more ? 
  they know this as well as we do , that 's why they play hardball . 
  we do n't want any of the other alternatives , it deprives us of any leverage over them . 
  and outright colonialism is not a viable option , no . 
  i worked for a summer in oslo with a bunch of swedes , and there were plenty of unskilled poles there . 
  they had a good reputation in poland . 
  of course there was always this casual racism towards poorer europeans there , as there is everywhere . 
  ( curiously enough , this also applied to swedes , since most of the swedes who went to oslo were from the lower strata ) . 
  unlikely . 
  the refugee situation was and remains around 50 % economic migrants , these are now increasingly coming from sub-saharan africa and through italy . 
  remember that we started seeing this uptick in early 2014 , before isis came onto the scene later during the year . 
  it 's just that 2015 exploded so much that people forget what was happening in the intervening years before . 
  the main reasons for this is a ) closing of the balkan route , which means that the only other way is going through the med , which is harder/longer and b ) tightening of asylum rules , certainly in sweden , austria and even now in germany . 
  it 's a cumulative effect . 
  we 'll see if it lasts . 
  what we can say for certain is that this is an issue that will stay with us for years and decades . 
  anyone who thinks it is over has n't been paying attention to long-term [ demographic trends ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4rchv8/turks_hit_back_at_erdogan_plan_to_give_syrians/d50dyiz ) . 
  the deal is not as important as people think it was . 
  it was mostly the closing of the balkan route . 
  the turkey deal helped at the margins . 
  kierkegaard at the piie think tank has loads of really smart stuff to say about this if you 're interested in the nitty-gritty . 
  he was being sarcastic , bro . 
  there are some who have speculated that they could be used to blackmail europe . 
  in the meantime , he gets brownie points from the muslim world , which is a secondary aim . 
  do n't forget that while your primary outlook is turkish , rooted in turkish culture and nationhood , his is likely islamic , and so turkishness is of a secondary if not tertiary importance . 
  that 's the same mistake saladin made , and the kurds have been paying the price ever since . 
  i do n't see the collapse . 
  their gdp per capita is on par with romania and their latest gdp growth was close to 5 % . 
  that 's not bad when you have below replacement-rate fertility . 
  it 's not a perfect country - especially politically - but can we please get away from these uninformed `` turkey collapse imminent '' tales ? 
  they are not based in reality , regardless of the fact that socially/culturally speaking it is regressing . 
   the problem is illegal immigration . 
  think more deeply why this is a problem . 
  the issue is that you often can appeal a decision at least once . 
  in sweden you can do it twice . 
  by the time two appeals has gone through ( which considering the massive backlog takes a long time ) , it is not rare to see someone getting citizenship simply because they have stayed for 5 years . 
  the main reason you have illegal migration is because the framework is * extremely * friendly towards rulebreakers . 
  in sweden we recently tightened the rules , but even then , it is still quite soft . 
  compare this with china . 
  their illegal migration population from west africa has been shrinking in recent years . 
  the reason is simple : the chinese government has been tightening visa standards and there are no appeals and secondary appeals . 
  the process is swift . 
  i do n't think it is impossible to have sensible refugee migration , but it needs to be done the way the uk has proposed : you take people directly from the camps . 
  this is how america and canada does it . 
  as long as you have a system of `` you can apply once you step your foot here '' , you will incentivise illegal migration and significant amounts of economic migrants , it 's built into the system by default that way . 
  i do n't have high hopes that this kind of reform will be done . 
  unfortunately the elites will not wake up until afd is at 30 % or more , and wilders ' party is by far the biggest in the dutch parliament . 
  i 'd wish we 'd have any foresight , but that seems like a luxury these days . 
  the prevailing method of governance appears to be to careening from shock to trance . 
   french will be the number one language in 2050 because of some parts of africa are francaphone highly doubt it . 
  nigeria demographically dominates west africa and it is english-speaking . 
  and the francophonie is the strongest in west africa . 
  secondly , most of those african countries have only an educated elite which speaks english or french . 
  most others speak vernacular languages , just like in india . 
  africa is projected to grow from 1 billion to 4 billion in something like 60 years according to the un . 
  if you look at sub-saharan africa 's per capita growth , it has been quite terrible .
