  neither of them took any significant amount of refugees . 
  this was not inevitable , it was allowed to happen . 
  you ca n't deny that . 
   also , who 's leading the charge into africa right now ? 
  throwing money at the root is n't going to help much . 
  this has become a new meme . 
  we will help the countries on location and migrants wo n't come . 
  that 's na\u00efve . 
  look at all the eastern europeans who came to western europe in 2004 . 
  take a look at this : http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.kd?locations=pl-zg does it look to you that sub-saharan africa will reach poland 's gdp per capita which it had in 2004 any time soon ? 
  the region 's per capita growth is actually * negative * right now according to the imf because most women still have 5 children on average , meaning even total growth of 3 % or less is essentially per capita stagnation . 
  once you see that chart , you understand that throwing money at the problem is not a short-term strategy . 
  it is n't even a medium-term strategy . 
  over the long run , 50 + years , it can help . 
  but even then , the region must help itself . 
  aid policy has a disastrous record . 
  and what is your proposal in the next 50 years ? 
  we need something which works this year and the decades following . 
  money is n't going to solve that . 
  enforcement will . 
  thorbee , you 've been on a rampage in this thread . 
  it makes me grudgeful to compliment a norrbagge , but you 've earned it . 
   i know we czechs managed to come out pretty much unscathed that 's because you are an awesome people . 
  defending something on merits is correct , * not * because of partisanship . 
  it has extended to many other areas , ttip for instance , where he spent 10 + replies defending her endorsement of it viciously and then pretended he was ` neutral ' . 
  it did n't pass the smell test then and it does n't now . 
  this should not come as a surprise . 
  the imf is very pliable under political pressure . 
  another great example is china . 
  there are serious doubts over the veracity of their gdp data . 
  their industrial gdp growth , for instance , has been a 100 % stable line with zero deviations for 2 years even as their industrial exports have plummeted 15 % or more year over year , for 18 months straight . 
  but china is a big donor , and a rising donor , to the imf , so nothing can be done . 
  the imf 's record on austerity is a disaster . 
  it 's failure to plainly say that the eurozone crisis had to be solved through tighter fiscal integration and not via bailouts is another . 
  they made ` recommendations ' of tighter fiscal integration , but it should have been a condition . 
  instead it became a gift with few strings attached . 
   its more interesting to see what happens in the long term the long-term is made of a lot of short-term events . 
  and if the uk exits the single market , it is likely that the long-term is going to look a lot like now . 
   forgetting about salaries and job opportunities you could say the same thing about zambia , if you want to forget about the economy . 
  hdi , gdp per capita , productivity , education , poverty . 
  the list goes on . 
  our pisa is in the gutter , but we have a much better/lower drop-out ratio from high school . 
  so you 're * not * doing as well as us on education . 
  also , nice to see you sideskipped the family question , 
  i do n't think he knows himself what it means , just random rage . 
  you should remember that the oecd ranks young people * and * adults . 
  the former , pisa , gets a lot of attention . 
  but the latter is also important , some economists have said it is * more * important because it is what employers actually have to deal with . 
  sweden scores higher on the latter but lower on the former . 
  so it is n't as clear-cut . 
  and do you have anything else than pisa ? 
   where they complain about this proportion since it 's too expensive for young people just making me point for me . 
  they underbuild affordable apartments and overbuild villas for families which young people ca n't buy easily ( or do n't even need ) . 
  also , the biggest pressures in sweden today is in the apartment sector so the graph is relevant , because that is where the demand is . 
   the end result is a whole bunch of suburbs full of concrete blocks both physically and demographically segregated from the rest of society that do nothing but act as a gigantic magnet of crime and poverty they are not segregated from society in terms of physical distance . 
  many of these programmes in stockholm are just 15 min away from the city center with a train or metro . 
  that 's a normal distance in most world cities . 
  the reason why they are demographially segregated has more to do with failed immigration/integration policies than urban policies , but the left ( * and * the right ! ), 
  often likes to blame urban policies instead of looking themselves in the mirror and blaming the ethnic segregation on their own foolish policies in other arenas . 
   it built giant concrete behemoths in distant suburbs without any interest in what people actually want or desire based on lofty ideals of creating a better people and unfulfilled dreams of a car-centric future again , it is n't as ` distant ' as you make it out to be . 
  as for car-centric , when they were built , cars were and still are central to most people 's lives . 
  that will slowly change , but at the time of their building , it was a relevant metric as car ownership has skyrocketed in sweden from the 1960s until today . 
  while i personally would like to see cars abolished in all city centers and just rely on public transport , we have to seperate what is feasible today and what was the reality back then , in an era of relatively cheap oil and underbuilt public infrastructure . 
  people forget that miljonprogammet also included building blocks in places like liding\u00f6 , it was more interspersed than what the common imagination holds . 
  it 's yoga for dead people . 
  seeing ireland being ranked lower than belgium and finland is just too much bs . 
  yeah it 's bullshit . 
  sweden is ahead on virtually every major indicator visavis finland . 
   above them ... in terms of climate yes , no question  , family this is vague . 
  in what way are you `` ahead '' in family ? 
  your birth rates are not great . 
  social support in italy or spain is not necessarily better . 
  look at the oecd 's better life index where they measure social support systems , with a heavy weighting towards family . 
  italy and spain does not do great there . 
   health or life expectancy both are true , but the difference is quite marginal . 
  anyone being born today is likely to witness the singularity and the long march of transhumanism . 
  people are n't going to live to 80 or 90 , but to 150 , 200 or more . 
  traditional factors affecting longevity is going to be less important than a high-tech econonomy . 
  italy and spain have both higher gdp per capita but their economies have a much lower share of manufacturing and worse educational outcomes . 
  you have something like 40 % dropouts from high school and italian educational underperformance is amazing , considering how good they * should * be , especially their universities . 
  that comeback though . 
  slovakia is ahead of hungary on most measures , though . 
  trying to steal all that olive oil , the bastards !, 
   the south of italy might legitimately be a developing nation that 's charitable of you , i 'm not as polite as you . 
  italy 's gdp per capita has regressed 20 years and the southern part * even more * . 
  when you lose 20-30 years of economic progress , you 're no longer developing . 
  life in portugal better than in norway for the * median * citizen ? 
  yeah , that index went out of the window . 
  you should be careful with some of those rankings . 
  wef for instance and their `` competitiveness '' report is absolute garbage . 
  for instance , they rank saudi arabia ( ! ), 
  ahead of a hypercompetitive global trading economy like south korea . 
  saudi only has oil , that 's it . 
  they also rank tiny qatar ahead of australia . 
  qatar is even more tied up in fossil fuels than saudi is . 
  the legatum 's prosperity index is also riddled with methodologically questionable practices . 
  the un 's hdi is still a good rough estimate of qol . 
  weather of course can not be measured in the same way , but i would say that weather in summer is much more pleasant in northern europe than in southern europe . 
  norway has a very high net migration rate and a significant refugee migration . 
  it 's not as high as ours , but by any other standard , is it quite high .
