  sure , objectivity is bullshit etc etc , but one should at least try to dampen it to some extent , whereas te wallows in it . 
   them being poorer would n't push them out of secularism and into islamism ? 
  [ bro ] ( http://beta.data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.kd?locations=ro-tr ) . 
  i am in absolute love with your photography . 
  as others said , the 4th one was amazing but frankly all of them were funny/quirky in their own way . 
  i have little patience for the kind of whining seen in this thread on tourists and tourism in general . 
  increased tourism means more jobs , because it is a relatively labour intensive business . 
  and if there 's * anything * spain needs then it is jobs . 
  also , a large part of the reason why you see this surge is because of the deterioating security situation in the middle east . 
  nobody should bet on it calming down any time soon . 
  please do n't ruin the circle-jerk !, 
  what are you going to do next ? 
  talk about how kamprad has been an unapologetic supporter of far-right ideologues up to this day ? 
  do n't you know we 're supposed to keep these secrets in the family , in r/sweden . 
  you 're making us look bad in front of everyone else !, 
   on austerity - which france has n't had much of in all fairness . 
  which is my point , and that 's something the neoliberals want to change . 
  if you are advocating austerity , and france has n't much of it , you * want * to see france fail . 
  else your entire economic ideology comes into question . 
  it goes beyond personal pride . 
  for some it can induce an intellectual crisis . 
  as for your point about employment law , sure , some changes have to be introduced , but that is an evolutionary change , it 's not a fundamental tear-down of the french model . 
  even if you look at the protests against the new employment law , some of the biggest unions are sitting it out . 
  that is an indication that the changes are not as radical as the crazies on the far left would like to pretend . 
  it 's possible to be in favor of reforming their employment laws in a sensible way without buying the whole thatcher-ite agenda , which is what a * lot * of center-left parties did across the west during 1990s and many paid the price for that ( see the uk 's deregulation , ditto the democrats in the u.s. and the carnage it exposed them to ) . 
  by attacking you they a ) feel better about themselves and b ) justify their own world view . 
  a successful france means their ideological framework is flawed . 
  so the stakes are higher . 
  of course , but i was not referring to that . 
  i talked about the hijackers . 
  if they get multiple job offers and refuse them all , then yes , i do n't think the dole is acceptable . 
  q : if someone refuses multiple job offers and/or does n't go to mandatory meetings , what tools does the french state have to use with regards to those people ? 
  what are the next steps ? 
  please do n't tell me they get rewarded by the dole . 
   in a time of economical and political turmoil it 's normal that people pull up the drawbridges and resort to near-tribalism . 
  yes , but germany 's isolationism can not be traced to the last years alone , it has been a consistent feature for decades . 
   the various crisis have shown what this so-called `` solidarity '' really is - a smokescreen to hide bismarck 's old adage of `` hearing the term europe from the mouths of those who do n't dare to demand something in their own name . '', 
  quoting bismarck always earns upvotes from me , even if i think it is foolish to apply the 2016 political situation to that which existed 150 years ago . 
  the difference now is that it is germany which is the laggard , and it is germany which has to match the commitment of others , notably france and the uk . 
  so that quote in this context is fundamentally a misguided application of it , as germany is not in a position of being a net provider of security ( which is what that quote was about ) , rather it is in a position of being in a * deficit * , and that deficit is something which has to be erased by ending its isolationism , and by matching the economic/political commitment to defence to the level of the uk and france . 
  way to stereotype the bulgarians , bro , 
  france still has quite a few issues to deal with . 
  it 's net debt is way too high . 
  it needs to do a much better job on employment . 
  but by and large , i have always chuckled when i 've read western neoliberals attacking france and demanding that they go through somekind of thatcher-ite revulsion , [ even if the imf ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/may/27/austerity-policies-do-more-harm-than-good-imf-study-concludes ) ( ! ), 
  of all people have thrown cold water on the agenda . 
  let 's not forget that the french worker is one of the most productive in the entire oecd , [ significantly more so ] ( https://i.sli.mg/gga7uz.png ) than the british one . 
  it also has lower poverty , a much better current account deficit etc. 
  sure , the french economy needs its reforms like any other , but it is fundamentally a sound , diversified and modern economy . 
  nothing , but apparently circle-jerking about immigration is the new black according to r/europe , it does n't whether if you are pro- or anti-immigration . 
  both sides have shown themselves willing to hijack any topic and just bleating on about their agenda . 
  ikea you 're making us proud as always , 
   how did that go . 
  actually , it has been progressing quite well . 
  the share of malnourishment and destitute hunger has been declining significantly and steadily according to wb data . 
  but maybe you have secret access to info that they do n't . 
  there 's still some way to go , but we 've come a very long way as a human race . 
   people did n't develop vacines because they felt good about it and cared about other people mostly cared about themselves really ? 
  ever read about jonas salk ? 
  seriously , open a book sometimes . 
  it would help you look a lot less ignorant . 
  i do n't see how those two are mutually exclusive . 
  germany almost certainly does n't want to raise its spending on its own and maintain a big army ( you could be quite powerful if you wanted to ) , at the same time , it understands the need of a federal army . 
  so , in such a scenario , it would get to share the burden and the responsibility , while pulling its weight military in europe after decades of ducking the issue . 
  the biggest problem is not the military or the political leadership , it is the isolationism of its people . 
  european solidarity is at a nadir generally , which is why i 'm in favour of not admitting any new members ( even if the uk stays , that should have served as a warning signal ) and just deepen co-operation . 
  as the east begins to become less in need of money , you can already see signs of this in countries like slovenia and to a lesser extent czechia , it would also free up more resources towards a common defence posture . 
  although it should be said that even at current funding levels , the eu has more than enough cash to defend itself . 
  the missing piece is specialisation of each member country , instead of everyone trying to do the same thing but only a few actually succeeding . 
  that , of course , and the missing/declining/fading solidarity i spoke of . 
  yeah , i do n't see the connection either . 
  it 's a very bizarre comparison . 
  it does make sense for germany to increase their government spending since the long-term goal of the eu is a federal military . 
  the eu will not be strong if it is only being carried by two members , you and france . 
  as for the smaller nations , you have to abandon the siloed thinking . 
  the goal is to have a specialised army where each army has a niche . 
  sweden for instance is very good at submarines and to some extent at jets ( although you and the french are heavy competition in the latter ) . 
  some nations could focus on tanks , others could focus on producing the best anti-ship missiles etc. 
  the eu does n't just need to raise its collective military spending ( let 's be frank , 2 % is still very low ) , it also needs to co-ordinate far , far better than it does now . 
   their `` police '' man , i am disappointed . 
  that looked very plain , which is sad , because they seemed pretty funny/eccentric . 
   there were even attempts of creating a `` military '' - this would be genuinely worrisome , honestly . 
  it is bad enough as it is , we do not need paramilitary units . 
  should this be attempted however , they will face much harsher sentences . 
  and , fortunately , they are being monitored by our government agencies . 
  yeah , a para-military group is n't giggles anymore . 
  that 's serious stuff . 
  it 's a tough situation for the security forces . 
  obviously you do n't want to be too draconian on people who are simply mentally not quite stable and misguided , but when they start taking up weapons and the like , things can get much more serious . 
  ca n't say i envy the bnd . 
  i was n't referring to the baltics in particular . 
  i was talking about the fact that so many europeans have not been paying their fair share into the nato alliance and taken the americans for granted . 
  this is a disease that plagues all of europe ( with few exceptions ) . 
   i would suggest that political islam has more in common with nazism while that may be true of some of the more extreme strains of islamism , you also have parties like the ennahda movement in tunisia which are islamists but are more moderate than secular dictators like al-sisi in egypt . 
  so i think that comparison is over the top . 
   separately , there are cultural problems that come along with non political or religious people , migrants , who have come from islamic countries to live in western countries . 
  those societies produce a culture of violent intolerance of minorities , subjagation of other beliefs and oppression of women and girls and the list of bad things goes on . 
  true , but there are also a lot of genuine refugees who are * fleeing away * from that . 
  the problem with the current system is that it is n't designed to select for those people . 
  it merely selects for the stronget/fittest ( or just the richest , frankly ) .
