  if his approach had won , we would n't have to choose between merkel 's foolishness or the overt racism of the likes of afd . 
  that all being said , even if the uk leaves , i do n't buy into the doomsday theories . 
  nobody will win in the event of a vindictive `` let 's make an example of the uk '' mood after a potential brexit result . 
  it would hurt us all . 
  yeah , there have been a spate of recent polls , showing it to be a marignal lead for remain when aggregated . 
  however , if your `` lead '' is 1 % , then it is essentially statistic noise at any rate . 
   manufacturing that moved out of the eu no longer contributes to the eu-emissions this is a common misconception . 
  manufacturing employment moved out , but manufacturing gva at constant prices have held remarkably stable in western europe . 
  in other words , manufacturing * output * has been quite stable but there has been a shift in employment , but those two are not interchangable and you are making this mistake . 
   a bigger share of the stuff we consume is produced outside the eu today than ten years ago . 
  indeed , but that is not the eu `` outsourcing its emissions '' . 
  a better way to look at it is primary energy consumed per gdp growth , and it has been declining significantly , across the entire world and especially in the developing nations . 
  last year total emissions even fell . 
  we are consuming more than ever , but emissions have largely started to stagnate and efficiency in production chains are increasing at ever higher rates . 
  you do n't understand basic economic concepts . 
  you 're mixing emissions and clean air . 
  air quality in europe has actually gotten worse in many places , due to widespread use of diesel cars . 
  air quality is measured in pm2 , not ppm . 
  no , there has been a general decoupling in the last decade . 
  faraon uses old data on purpose because he ca n't prove the same thing when you look on the last 6 years . 
  energy use and gdp has decoupled in the u.s. and even in china . 
  that is old data . 
  gdp and energy use has de facto decoupled . 
  look at america 's energy use the last couple of years and their gdp growth . 
  the same is true of china . 
  gail 's numbers are based on china 's extremely inefficient use of heavy industry , which contributed a lot to that graph . 
  in the last 5 years , that is no longer true . 
  if you 're going to make a point , use relevant statistics which is up to date . 
  poland did more to this than most countries as previously pointed out . 
  btw , have you ever written a single positive thing about poland , ever ? 
  in every thread i just see you shit on your own country . 
  that is a false way of thinking of it . 
  the drop is not because of `` outsourcing '' . 
  emission drops are mainly done by reduced pollution from producing industries . 
  not by consumption . 
  you are confusing the two . 
  to be fair , i do n't think it is reasonable to expect the average voter to have any in-depth understanding of migration policy . 
  i for one had to make a lot of crash course reading , and while it is true that closing the borders is by * no means * a panacea , it was clear from day one that any attempt to say that it would `` have no impact '' was a blatant lie . 
   some people lie when they stand to profit or have something to lose in this case , i think this quote should be understood from an ideological viewpoint rather than a monetary viewpoint . 
  for many , having a very diverse society is * an end in of itself * . 
  i 'm personally an advocate of immigration , but i also think it should be high-skilled based immigration simply because of the structure of our economy today . 
  but what is most important , above all , is for everyone in the debate to come clean with what they want , instead of retreating into technicalities or shouting racist , which is far too often the default position in these debates . 
  it makes any goodhearted discussion near-impossible , which i assume is probably the point as well . 
  do n't feed the troll . 
  he sucks energy out of you like a vampire . 
  kill him by ignoring him , and he will fade away into the dirt , where he came from . 
  you do know that the 1800s is 200 years ago , right ? 
  the u.s. share of world gdp has gone down uninterrupted as well . 
  that does n't excuse the economic blunders - championed by germany - that were made , but the chart is just silly when you look at the eu-28 with a nominal gdp per capita 7x times higher than india has for instance or many other poorer countries . 
  of course that will dent world gdp share , anything else would be laughable . 
  i still love you people . 
  even when you 're at your worst . 
  but facts are the facts , 
  yes , the decline in numbers of asylum seekers was largely thanks to hungary and the closing of the so-called ` balkan route ' , in defiance of the eu as you pointed out ( and to the chorus of condemnations of merkel and her austrian puppet , weynmann ) . 
  curiously , even impartial organisations like the peterson institute in d.c. have concluded that the closing of the balkan route did more than even the turkish deal . 
  we were told closing borders `` is not a solution '' . 
  why do people lie so much in these matters ? 
  it erodes public trust . 
  it 's not like the world was invented in 2015 . 
  people who have looked at the issue are fully aware of what works and what does not , and to pretend otherwise is wilful manipulation for political aims . 
  the brexit campaign has proved beyond any shadow of a doubt that all european smugness over the average intellect of the median american voter can now firmly be buried . 
  oh , look , a brexiteer spreading total lies !, 
  shock !, 
  https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/527976/ots_release_0416.pdf page 3 . 
  you can look at all other months in the year , you will find the same pattern . 
  the uk has a ** massive ** trade deficit with eu and non-eu alike . 
  your economy is not a internationally competitive economy , end of story . 
  compared to the northern eu countries , your natural peer comparisons , you are doing worse on trade than just about all of us . 
  face the fact : your trade laggard is your own making . 
  that will not change outside the eu . 
  but knowing brexiteers , nothing i have said or any of the stats i have presented will prevent you to spread more bs and blame everyone but yourself from your piss poor trade performance . 
   my one week vacation your poor soul . 
  germany is in the middle of the eu and is part of the eurozone . 
  4 of 8 of its biggest trading partners is outside the eu . 
  it has a massive trade surplus . 
  the uk has a massive deficit , it is outside the eurozone and its trade with ireland , a nation of 6 million , is bigger than its trade with china . 
  the uk 's dismal trade performance has nothing to do with the eu and everything to do with the fact that its economy is not nearly as competive as that of germany , the netherlands or the nordic nations ( with the single exception of finland ) . 
  but of course the brexit side does n't want to face the ugly truth . 
  it 's crazy how much energy you have to put in a high quality post . 
  wish i could have upvoted you more than once . 
  swedish media = / = average swedish citizen . 
  the selection committee clearly said fuck all and outsourced it all to 4chan because memes . 
  this could be the start of a great new career for / pol / . 
  well , realistically , even if immigration to europe stopped today , the uk has like what . . 30 % of the newborns are racial minorities ? 
  add higher birth rates and this fact of life has to be dealt with . 
  while we do n't know the numbers in france , it is likely even higher among the newborn . 
  so , with time , large parts of the eu will have 30-40 % racial minorities even if immigration was stopped . 
  this is a fact of life that can not be escaped . 
  so , the authors critique about these people wishing magic is not undue . 
  how exactly would an all-white europe be achieved ? 
  the only way is basically mass-scale ethnic cleansing . 
  not even the far-right proposes that , because they know it ca n't be done unless you essentially would abolish democracy . 
  britain was going to play the role it has since the emergence of america on the world stage : as old yankee 's little lapdog acting as an offshore balancer of europe 's ( then ) great powers . 
  it is undeniable that he meant a political union in order to restrain germany , and he meant for britain to be in it . 
  but brexiteers are fond of their own made-up history . 
  btw it 's not an accident that you use an english flair instead of a british flair , vast majority of brexiteers on reddit do so . 
  and cut in british queues . 
  / r/polandball regulars, 
  the whole `` protect our women '' is much stronger in the arab/muslim world though , just look at honor culture . 
  it 's a biological impulse in all men , because people are fundamentally tribal , but it can be accentuated or dampened by culture .
