  the same argument can be used against unemployment rates , which also counts people only marginally attached to the labour market . 
  that is not an argument specifically against the employment rate , but rather who we count as employed , which affects * both * the employment rate and the unemployment rate . 
  if you have the time and the interest , i 'd suggest you read this [ excellent analysis ] ( https://piie.com/blogs/realtime-economic-issues-watch/brexit-scenarios-june-24 ) . 
  i will not go over everything he writes , but one of the points that is worth re-iterating is that the vast majority of anti-business laws that britain has is mostly of their own making . 
  why do i highlight this ? 
  because i fundamentally reject your characterisation of the issue as a total dissolution of soverignity . 
  the fact that britain 's worst laws are of its own making should put to death the notion that the eu is responsible for everything bad in its legal code . 
  it should also put to rest the notion that britain is on the cusp of a near-hitlerian coup d'\u00e9tat ( boris johnson-style flourish ) . 
  your attempt to liken sweden as a hapless and helpless nation completely subsumed by denmark and the total eradiation of its identity as a hypothetical example comparable to britain 's relationship to the eu is so over the top i do n't even know where to begin . 
  maybe you can correct me , but last time i checked , britain 's cultural influence in europe is certainly greater than europe 's cultural influence on britain , you can start on language but it is more than that . 
  if anyone is under threat of cultural dominance , it is us , not the other way around . 
  let me make one final point . 
  as posen correctly pointed out , if the british voter wants to make a political decision to exit the eu , then that is their prerogative . 
  the rest of us should not sabotage or hinder such a decision . 
  but at the same time , we are under no obligation to entertain outright falsehoods and mass propaganda by the brexit camp about supposed economic benefits which are flat-out lies . 
  the brexit camp should come clean with the fact that their economic argument is an epic joke , and that voting brexit means you are going to pay a significant economic price for doing that . 
  if you are still for it , then by all means , do it , but please do n't pretend anything other than that this was inevitable , because literally every senior economist who has looked at the case has concluded as such . 
  that is not an eu conspiracy . 
  it 's basic macroeconomics . 
  actually , the employment-to-population ratio the eu and oecd uses is capped between 16-64 years of age , so children and pensioners are excluded ( since most oecd countries have a pension age of 65 ) from the measurement , hence your comment is fundamentally irrelevant . 
  no offence , but the only thing your comment managed to expose is your own economic ignorance . 
  you may be thinking about * labour participation rate * , but that is another story . 
  knowing what you talk about is helpful . 
  remember everyone , it 's all about islam and islam is not a race !, 
  how dare you call them racist ?!, 
  the oppression is real !, 
  they have never said anything racist , it 's a msm smear !, 
  i think you misunderstood my point . 
  classical liberals want free movement , yes , but their reasoning for this is based on economic arguments . 
  they believe that free movement of people is a net good for the world economy . 
  they are not using arguments like the far left , which is grounded in moral guilt , or in terms of high immigration not as a tool of economic empowerment but because they want cultural diversity * in of itself * . 
  if that is economically disadvantageous , then it becomes a subservient concern to the primary objective . 
  also , while the default position of classical liberals is that as few restrictions as possible should be the norm , many are not shy about discussing the fact that cultures differ from each other . 
  that may not be enough for many ( or most ) of them to change their minds on the necessity , as they see it , for open borders . 
  but the key difference is that they will have a substance-filled , fact-based discussion where they weigh different facts and goals against each other , in an empirical manner . 
  that is what liberalism is when it is at its best . 
  it is * not * what the far left does , which is to scream racist in emotional outbursts and advocate for immigration for * cultural * reasons . 
  this is why te 's attacks on poland/hungary was so hysterical and weird for a mag which imagines itself as liberal . 
  they were not using liberal arguments , but those more often found around far-left groups . 
  i find their economic reporting mostly excellent , but on matters immigration they become indistinguishable from `` nobody is illegal '' lobby groups , the frothing at the mouth commences and it is never pretty to watch , as their moral hysteria consumes them of any objective and calm discussion of the facts . 
  you are confusing unemployment rate , which is a fairly useless measure , with employment rate ( or better known as employment-to-population ratio ) , which captures the true health of a nation 's labour market much , much better . 
  i 'm too lazy to explain the difference between the two , but here is the [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/6/66/employment_rate%2c_age_group_15\u201364%2c_2004\u201314_%28%25%29_yb16.png ) . 
  note that in the eu-28 , we are at the highest . 
  the numbers for 2015 came out recently , but the long-run graph has not been updated yet . 
  we increased our lead for 2015 , so its even better than that graph shows . 
  i should add that just speaking of ` iranians ' is actually quite ignorant , as i initially did . 
  iranian = / = persian ( which is what many people assume ) . 
  iran has a sizeable kurdish population , it has quite a few azeris and other ethnicities as well . 
  iirc persians account for about 65 % of the population of iran , the rest are minorities , so even my attempt to add complexity is in a way too simplistic . 
  which is what i wrote as well . 
  the rise of the chinese and their civilisation is already a fait accompli . 
  after them , india . 
  i 'm not predicting that islamic civilisation will rise . 
  i am saying , however , that it is lazy and complacement to assume that they never will , especially when you look at history . 
  nobody stays at the top forever , including the west . 
  allow me : turks , iranians , kurds etc. 
  on economic issues , yes , but on social/cultural issues it is more leftist , and often in a calcified way . 
  this is especially the case on immigration , where it does n't have the rationalist pro-immigration outlook of the classical liberals , that is tempered by cultural realism . 
  instead , it has adopted a virulently moralistic tone reminiscent of `` no one is illegal '' groups . 
  immigration is n't advocated for the purposes of economic growth , as much as a good * in of itself * , because it brings cultural diversity . 
  this is n't classical liberalism , it 's an argument you find on the far left . 
  that supposed `` liberals '' have adopted those arguments just shows how much liberals , genuine ones , have lost the cultural war . 
  another area is eastern europe , which it tried to besmirch for over a year for their refusal to take in middle eastern migrants . 
  it often did it in very moralistic tones . 
  that 's not classical liberalism at all either , which is based on economic prosperity arguments , not moralism . 
  either way , it is probably the best way to get inside the thinking of the western establishment . 
  it is very conventional . 
  here 's a [ quick sum-up ] ( https://youtu.be/5dyojtck4h4?t=53m12s ) if you want a primer on why brexit is an economically disastrious proposition . 
  to be fair , skl , the umbrella organisation representing the munis , are always crying for more money . 
  it 's always a rainy day for them , they always need more cash infusions . 
  i 'll concede that they probably need a one-time cash infusion but if we look at the actual numbers we 're talking sums which approach something in the order of 1 % of gdp , and that is a high estimate . 
  i should add one final thing . 
  sweden has a law which mandates the government to reach the so-called * underskottsm\u00e5let * . 
  it 's what the germans call * schwarze null * . 
  sweden 's economy grew by 4.2 % last year . 
  it is projected to decline to 3.7 % this year and over the long haul it should settle around 2.5 % or so . 
  if our deficit is -1 % , which it is right now , we should still see rapidly falling debt . 
  if that deficit goes up to -2 % then we would still see falling debt . 
  but we wo n't see even -2 % . 
  we will reach parity 0 % within 3-4 years . 
  that could be delayed a year or two due to money given to the munis , but make no mistake , every single year from now until then we will see falling debt , just as we saw last year . 
  there is now broad concensus in sweden that the massive influx of 2015 can not be repeated . 
  the hardline changes have been driven through by a center-left coalition . 
  the mainstream right has gone further even than sd by saying sweden should have * no * refugee immigration for the foreseeable future . 
  even sd is n't that hardline . 
  if polls stay the same , big if , sweden will probably have the most hawkish policy on refugees in europe aside the v4 . 
  i find generally speaking that 99 % of people on reddit who talk about sweden know jack shit about my country . 
  there are places in the world which have done a lot worse . 
  just look at ukraine in 1990 and today . 
  30 years on and living standards are worse today than in 1990 on a per capita basis . 
  the arab world may have stagnated in the last few years but their trajectory from 1990 has been unmistakably upwards . 
  by adding libya in that mix , the rise of the others looks less pronounced than what it is in that chart . 
  further , the philippines had 30 years of total stagnation from early 1970s to early 2000s . 
  they sorted out their shit without imploding on themselves . 
  why should n't the arab world be able to do the same ? 
  of course economic stagnation breeds instability , nobody denies that , but it is n't an excuse for the kind of violent rampage we 've seen there , nor for just abandoning the country en masse , even if some heightened emigration is to be expected , nothing on the scale we 've seen . 
  and it is n't just syria . 
  the violence and extremism in the region can not be simply assigned to failed economics . 
  rather , the failed economic situation has been a response to the decline in intellectual and political developments and moderation . 
  the neoliberal right has been pining about breaking up the strong employment laws since time immemorial .
