  speak for yourself . 
  there are plenty of european countries which have a higher gdp per capita than america ; swiss , norway , ireland , and even more if you do n't count ppp . 
  my own has a higher nominal gdp per capita than america for instance , as does denmark etc , etc. 
  most if not all have better healthcare systems , better equality , cleaner environment etc. 
  the list just goes on . 
  that part about being superpower , well , china is already a bigger economy on ppp and the difference will only grow . 
  the currency thing is nonsensical . 
  it does n't matter if your currency is # 1 , it matters if if it in the top 5 . 
  once it reaches that threshold , it is already very tradeable and as such gives far more monetary stability , something india learned the hard way a few years ago . 
  once the rupee enters the top 5 , it will have the same benign effect . 
  the only thing that america will probably excel at more than anyone else is the military , for a very long time to come . 
  their it sector is amazing , but again , china is already matching them on a lot of areas there . 
  the indians are barely getting started , they are only now starting to see more start-ups that do more than just backoffice work . 
   what does britain have ? 
  delusions of grandeur this reminds me of every single lazy analysis of the uk which begins about the empire . 
  the outside world cares a lot more about the former british empire than the brits themselves do , from what i can tell . 
  what does britain have ? 
  the fifth largest economy , total domination in terms of university excellence in europe and incredibly competitive worldwide , a modern , well-educated workforce and speaking the language of world science and business , and on top of that it has the unique cultural bridge to both europe and the wider anglosphere . 
  yeah , britain is absolutely toast . 
  give me a break . 
  brexit would be a negative for the uk , but the long-term prospects are better than for the vast , overwhelming majority of nations out there . 
  `` hey britain , please gib moar money , please remain . '', 
  the leave campaign will have a field day . 
  the remainers will not help him much either , as his views on immigration are very toxic to the labour leadership , the lib dems and the greens . 
  just a massive own goal from orban . 
  why ? 
  if you think back to the ancient greeks , their democracies were based on small identities in the city-state . 
  `` nation '' originally meant a people . 
  today we associate it with large countries but that is an ahistorical association . 
  it was only during the 19th century when europeans had bred like rabbits that people needed big ass countries to live in . 
  the origins of democracy was not just for athenians , it was for free athenian men . 
  it was based on the principle that a people had a common history , bloodline , culture , language and outlook on life and that these people should self-organise to further their interests . 
  nationalism and democracy worked hand in hand . 
  you could make the same case for eu today . 
  it is a pan-european nationalism of sorts , but based on civics rather than blood , but still underpinning it is culture/language/customs etc. 
  my god that is brilliant . 
   i believe eu has the potential to become even better than usa this is hilarious . 
  please tell me in what way that they have contributed to peace in the last 25 years . 
  mostly just invaded a bunch of middle eastern countries and destabilised the whole place . 
  america during wwii and the cold war was a different beast . 
  it genuinely fought for freedom . 
  since the collapse of the wall , however , mostly just idiotic invasions which serve no purpose and create chaos . 
  no , [ for me ] ( https://youtu.be/s8qeykowhss?t=9s ), 
  it should n't surprise anyone , though . 
  saudi arabia has been under the aegis of western support since wwii . 
  we speak out of both sides of our faces , on the one hand we tell them to stop exporting wahabbism , which has done so much to radicalise places like pakistan and now even bangladesh ( which used to be much more moderate , now atheists are getting brutally killed in the streets for ` blasphemy ' ) . 
  on the other , we do absolutely nothing to stop it because our the military-industrial complex is * killing it * with the saudis and other fundamentalist oil kingdoms who are all buying our weapons . 
  most people are not aware that saudi arabia , a country of mere 30 million people , is the [ second largest arms importer in the world ] ( https://www.sipri.org/googlemaps/2015_of_at_top_20_imp_map.html ) . 
  who are they buying from ? 
  it 's all us . 
  you add other rich gulf states like qatar , bahrain , uae etc and the similar pattern emerges . 
  of course , it would be too easy to just blame it on the west . 
  turkey 's old secular elite were too dismissive of their religious brethren . 
  not every pious muslim is a terrorist , which was their modus operandi . 
  constantly overthrowing the government of turkey also created a large subterreanian class of people who fundamentally did not trust the state ( for good reasons ) , of which erdogan is the most prominent politician to emerge from . 
  and yes , turkey 's electorate also has some responsibility in all of this . 
  the country is not doing badly economically speaking , it has thus far tracked the performance of romania and will most likely becomed an advanced economy within the next 15 years . 
  but living in a nation should be more about gdp growth . 
  freedom is a fundamental value in of itself , and historians will surely debate what went wrong with turkey 's political institutions for a * very * long time to come . 
  it is a very complicated country and i make no pretentions about understanding even 10 % of it . 
  i do n't accept that . 
  the deterioation under erdogan has been going on for many years , it is just that the european elite and the european media indulged him , so long as he was seen as malleable . 
  a lot of liberal turks were tearing their hairs out , asking us why we were lending support to an autocrat and an illiberal bigot to boot . 
  i mean , in sweden , carl bildt has been spreading total lies about turkey for many years . 
  even today he is unable to admit he was wrong all this time . 
  in the uk , it is hilarious to see the brexit camp demonise turkey when many of those people ( like boris johnson ) were some of the most fanatic supporters of turkey , even up until a few years ago , when they ran out of excuses not to know any better . 
  it 's just that the recent migrant crisis brought turkey much closer to inspection than most people were accustomed to , and as such it was no longer possible to spin wild tales of `` a reforming turkey '' . 
  it 's like the ketchup effect : everything is coming at us at once . 
  these lessons should have been learned gradually over the last decade . 
  edit : thanks for gold , you kind stranger , wherever you are !, 
  now you are making me blush , 
   while there will be speculation about whether this movement is connected to the tragic death of jo cox , we do not think that it is probably the most important paragraph . 
  post-cox polls : [ 1 ] ( https://twitter.com/ncpoliticseu/status/744278166752100352 ) & [ 2 ] ( https://twitter.com/britainelects/status/744263099595755520 ), 
  this is a fucking disgrace and a scandal . 
  malta has [ six ] ( http://www.europarlmt.eu/en/your_meps.html ) meps . 
  * six * . 
  your post trying to excuse it has n't gotten a smidgen better . 
  there should n't be a difficulty to find a translator for the goddamn pm of malta . 
  there is no excuse , it 's a blatant sign of disrespect . 
  also , what prevents the eu from spending a few millions to get new translators if they do n't have any ? 
  it is easy to be arrogant and dismissive of small countries like you are , but if eu truly is a union of equals , then it should show it in action and be pro-active about it . 
  awesome . 
  the city looks very beautiful . 
  i should visit some weekend , it 's quite close after all . 
  the fact that this attack happened in turkey 's most cosmopolitan city is worrying . 
  then you add the fact that the istanbul police had to relocate their pride parade 26th of june because there were too many threats on the first location . 
  so these things are happening in `` liberal '' istanbul , one can only imagine what the social climate is on the anatolian hinterlands , the akp voter base . 
  do n't be . 
  we have to have a unified army and back the baltic states up 100 % with or without germany . 
  if they ca n't get their shit together , the rest of us do n't have the luxury to wait . 
  and this is the same country pushing for a federal eu army ? 
  no , these are people who are going back many times per year . 
  many of them come from the rural hinterlands . 
  my guess is that the big cities may be more liberal , but the akp-base strongholds are less so , so you get a skew because as a gay man you are almost certainly more in big cities ( because they are always more liberal ) . 
  [ take it away , paul ] ( http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2015/06/01/the-finnish-disease/ ) . 
  my heart goes out not just to the victims , but also to the officers who made this possible . 
  these types of operations are incredibly complex and require an enormous amount of work to carry through . 
  the pattern of these abuse scandals is often quite clear : often very young girls ( early teens ) , coming from poorer , choatic backgrounds , broken families . 
  it 's a classic case of vultures circling around a vulnerable victim and then going in groups as she is defenceless to protect herself . 
  one final point , in the wake of the rotherham scandal , ethnic tensions surfaced .
