  what we need now is root-and-branch reform . 
  push for fiscal union asap , or we will see endless bailouts , because only in a fiscal union can full control of the banks happen . 
  the banking union was a step in the right direction , but it clearly was not enough . 
  too big too fail never went away , despite all the rhetoric . 
  hold up , we still have the italian banking system teetering on collapse as alibi !, 
  but your point is well taken , 
  to be fair , he * did * ignore the black community for most of his first term , so that criticism was legitimate in my view . 
  in his 2nd term , that has changed , but we should question ourselves if that is because he suddenly had a change of heart or if events forced him to . 
  after all , the travyon martin/mike brown deaths occured in his 2nd term and each year has seen a new flare-up of police violence being spotlighted , so he had n't much choice but to react . 
  that being said , in recent days , when he said that the dallas shooter 's motives were `` unknown '' he got slammed - and rightly so - from the right . 
  the shooter was very explicit : he wanted to kill white people , and white officers in particular . 
  there 's nothing mysterious about those motivations . 
  but i re-iterate my point , people overestimate how much a potus can change the climate and expect unrealistic things from him/her . 
  obama , as the first non-white president was always going to have those expectations of race through the roof . 
  it was and remains a silly idea . 
  it 's always the same script : try to turn the young vs the old , but in reality , it 's always about cutting corporate taxes and destroying the welfare state . 
  they never change . 
  i read an interview with the leader of the jewish communal center in krakow where he basically said that he , as an american immigrant , faced quite a bit of hostility as he came to poland in the 90s . 
  it was not uncommon for him to see swastikas and anti-jewish slogans on walls in those days . 
  today , he says , poland is one of the few countries where they do n't really need much security for their events in krakow , the graffiti is largely gone and the community is growing . 
  a lot of ( older ) jews in poland do n't even know they are jews , because their parents often hid it from them . 
  the adl is a hategroup . 
  they have actively worked to minimize awareness of genocides around the world because it would threaten what they view as the `` uniqueness '' of the shoah , the implication being that jewish blood is more valuable than non-jewish blood . 
  as i said : a hate group . 
  it has been the holodomor , the armenian genocide , the rwandan genocide and others . 
  there 's even a scene in the awesome doc `` defamation ! '', 
  where you see the old bigot abe foxman pressuring the ukrainian government of not being too pushy with holodomor . 
  and white non-british people . 
  like the german older women having feces thrown at her house , the polish community center being vandalised , the romanian shop being burned down etc. 
  thank you , 
  while we swedes do make a lot of fun of danes for their garbled language and whatnot , i would appreciate their more open/frank climate of debate , whereas ours is quite closed/narrow . 
  in sweden we 've had a long history of moral hysteria on all kinds of issues , on everything from `` video violence '' in the 80s , to all drugs - including weed - lead to instant death !, 
  the danes are kind of mini-dutch in that sense . 
  a bit more relaxed about life . 
  so , that 's basically a social improvement i 'd consider worthy of stealing . 
  \\ #neverreadcomments ( except on reddit ), 
  can some poles enlighten us if average citizens care about the tribunal court wrangle ? 
  i mean , from what i have seen , even outsiders interested in the issue have been struggling to understand the exact intricacies of the issue , so i just wonder if the average citizen even understands what is happening ( and thus , cares ) . 
  how do you blame obama for the race problems of the us ? 
  i see this on social media from conservatives and i have yet to see a coherent argument explaining how . 
  if anything , the election of obama proves that people need to stop putting their hopes on messiah will come to save us candidates . 
  his 2008 campaign was historic and inspirational , but in the end , it proved that change comes from the bottom up . 
  we praise mandela , but it took a de klerk to allow him to come out of prison and that , in turn , was enabled by pressure from within the white south african community and from pressure abroad . 
  us racism , police brutality etc will not end because obama waves a magic wand and i 'm frankly at odds at people who seem to have expected this and then put blame at his feet . 
  does the american media really differ , though ? 
  i mean , you have a lot of channels , but when it really mattered ( like in the run-up to the iraq war ) , all i saw was everyone parroting the wh line . 
  the same was true with edward snowden , he got demonised by every major us media outlet . 
  so what is the point of choice is everyone is peddling the same talking points ? 
  the irony is that the polish government in the past was deeply embedded in cia blacksites etc , but of course , since it helped americans , nobody raised a voice then . 
  would membership make much difference though ? 
  you pay into the budget , you have to accept free movement and most of eu regulations etc. 
  what would actually change in practice from day to day ? 
  what are the main arguments against joining in the norwegian debate ? 
  it 's not an unreasonable fear to have . 
  this is the problem when you have a ` ketchup-effect ' . 
  you go from not speaking about the problems at all , to everything at once , which is a terrible way to do it . 
  it empowers bigots and violent racists to come out of the woodwork . 
  by talking about these issues honestly , but gradually and carefully , we minimise any damage being done on the vast majority of kind , law-abiding and decent immigrants . 
  i have several middle eastern friends who have been victims of racist attacks and slurs . 
  these people are more culturally swedish than i am . 
  yet what is the solution ? 
  sweeping it under the carpet ? 
  the far right will only grow stronger . 
  in my view , we are now paying the price for decades of suppressed debate , and the result has been that the only people who spent any time and energy on this issue are not exactly the kind of people liberal democrats would prefer . 
  i also think that while we discuss the problems with a badly designed immigration policy , we should not forget that talk about all the contributions that immigrants make on a daily basis . 
  instead we tend to go from `` all immigration is always good , ever '' to `` immigration is a huge problem for us '' . 
  there 's no nuance , it seems . 
  the debate swings too wildly . 
  with the background of attacks on polish community centers and burning down of houses , you sure are a funny guy . 
  ^ not ^ really , ^ just ^ a ^ douchebag . 
  london voted to remain , however . 
  although there have been attacks on polish community centers in that city , so there have been hate-crimes there as well . 
  the entire situation is just sad , most brits do n't condone this kind of violence yet we ca n't sweep these recurring attacks under the carpet either . 
  there is a problem , and it is n't being dealt with . 
  one person . 
  ps : nice ( attempted ) derailment of the thread . 
   steering towards joining it polls show massive resistance to this in norway . 
  no need to bet , it 's already showing up in the data . 
  nordic axis ? 
  what happened to the anglosphere ? 
  what makes them think america will leave their pivot to asia to a pivot to isolated island in north atlantic ? 
  why would norway abandon a massive single market for a much smaller , dysfunctional rut ? 
  i wonder what the next brilliant idea will be . 
  that sounds like a reasonable analogy . 
  red states tend to be poorer and more conservative , disproportinately older and white and more rural . 
  that 's basically the demographic bloc that won the brexit vote . 
  something like 70 % of asians and other minorities voted to remain in the eu ( via lord ashcroft polls ) , and for young people it was something like 75 % . 
  so , i imagine that young asians & minorities probably voted to stay in the eu at rates well above 80 % . 
  problem is , voter turnout for the young was quite low . 
   i 'd probably be burning the sheds of poor , hardworking polish people as i would n't know what else to do how about not being a violent racist ? 
  i 'm tired of people excusing racist hatecrimes on poverty , just like i see some excusing islamist attacks on unemployment/economic marginsalisation . 
  if someone does orchestrated arson to racially terrorise someone , then that is human trash , i do n't care what income bracket they are in . 
  there is no excuse . 
  ever . 
   i do n't really give a crap about hypocrisy if i 'm honest well , i do . 
  i do n't think politicians should be the arbiters of who is deemed trustworthy and not . 
  nor should they frankly be entrusted to control any accountability over any institution , even if that institution is run by decent people . 
  i 'd just go straight to the civil libertarians and empower them from ngo status to national status . 
  i trust their instincts much more . 
  think of the central bank .
