  people 's financial standards are measured in ( ppp-adjusted ) wages . 
  turkey has seen significant wage declines in real terms . 
  [ chart ] ( https://www.theatlas.com/i/atlas_rkje4qo3.png ) . 
  their minimum wage has been boosted massively recently , however , so it may be turning a corner . 
  nevertheless , they 've had many years of sky-high inflation and most years their wages have not kept up , if you take a longer view . 
  therefore , the average financial position of most turks have been declining . 
  [ source ] ( http://qz.com/782294/indias-gdp-has-shot-up-by-64-since-2008-but-its-citizens-remain-one-of-the-worst-paid-in-the-world/ ) . 
  surprised how low it is in poland . 
  surprised how high it is in belgium . 
  i also think it 's notable that the attack happened in istanbul . 
  a lot of turkish posters will confirm that istanbul is n't as liberal as many of us used to think ( that 's actually izmir ) , but some people still cling to that idea . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a common occurence in istanbul , but the fact that it even happens is quite notable . 
  would this kind of thing happen in brutal attack on a woman for wearing shorts happen in rome or in tokyo ? 
  i wonder if it would have happened , say , 20 years ago . 
  she was n't attacked because she `` was wearing too much '' . 
  that attack was because of religious bigotry . 
  this attack is because of a fundamentalist stone-age attitude towards women . 
  while both are heinous , they are nevertheless different in nature . 
  implying she was a victim because she `` was wearing too much '' is misleading . 
  her clothes was merely used as a signifier to determine her religion - the true reason behind the attack . 
  you 're trying to relativise what happened here by comparing apples and oranges . 
  the guy who wrote this story is a shill for the status quo . 
  look at his previous stories during the refugee crisis . 
  slamming slovakia for giving into `` nationalism '' for daring not to take a bunch of refugees it had no role in inviting . 
  now he is at it again . 
  i mean , it is n't very surprising that czechia and slovakia are both trying to please both the v4 * and * germany . 
  remember that czechia/slovakia are incredibly dependent on manufacturing jobs , primarily from german companies . 
  their economic lifeline literally depends on good relations with germany . 
  hungary and poland are also part of this supply chain but to a lesser extent . 
  overall , i 've seen this analysis before and it is very facile . 
  it supposes that the v4 is dying simply because some members are protective of their economic interests . 
  that 's not weird , that 's normal . 
  here 's the * real * test of the v4 : once the next push to distribute refugees comes , and it will sooner than later , will czechia or slovakia still side with germany ? 
  terrible . 
  for those who want to know [ why ] ( http://www.cityam.com/246336/case-hinkley-point-c-has-collapsed-its-time-scrap ) . 
  it can happen a lot faster than that , if there is political will . 
  it will be feasible to ban them alltogether by 2025 , both norway and the nl are talking about it . 
  even india ( ! ), 
  have floated the idea of going full ev for new sales by 2030 . 
  the older cars could be scrapped in a `` cash for clunkers '' - like program . 
  most cars are never used . 
  over 95 % of their lifetime , they are just parked . 
  this could be massively improved by autonomous driving . 
  not everyone wants to share their car , but most people could probably share their car with close family and close friends . 
  having roaming cars , all electric and in full autonomy means that the amount of cars needed on the roads does * not * equal the same amount that is in use today simply because the utilisation factor is much higher . 
  therefore , the older fleet could be scrapped a lot faster than the roughly 20 years which it takes today to completely refresh a car fleet . 
  the big impediment to this are the old ice car companies , who have * massive * amounts of sunk costs in ice cars and r&d . it seems like americans are more aggressive on this than the eu ( nl and norway are both acting on their own ) . 
  this is n't surprising . 
  the german government is in thrall of its own car companies , who are notoriously conservative and reactionary . 
  no other major power dares stand up to germany 's government who in turn does not dare stand up to its car companies . 
  tl ; dr technically it is n't a big problem . 
  it 's all politics . 
  hand on heart : how many of you were even aware that today there was a eu comm presidential sotu adress ? 
  or that there even was one at all . 
  it 's sad really . 
  it 's a recipe for massive social unrest . 
  we have the same problem here . 
  these people will not find jobs because we do n't live in the 1960s anymore . 
  75 % of our unemployment today is made up of so-called `` weak groups '' which includes these people and students . 
  i do n't even count full-time students because they get cash grants from the state + cheap housing from universities , together with student loans and/or financial support from their parents . 
  also : they are studying . 
  they are not idle . 
  the end result of this will be a massive powder keg . 
  it 's easy to see how the appeal of demagogues and ethnic strife can explode in such a volatile and contagious environment . 
  link ? 
  i know . 
  how does that change any of what i said ? 
  if the critiera was : `` not a lot of organised crime and corruption '' , then italy should never been allowed to join in the first place by the other central powers . 
  you talk as if italy was pre-determined to be one of the founding countries . 
  there 's no such thing . 
  eu elites knew about these problems and let them become one of the founding countries anyway . 
  so my point stands : the issue is n't that the western balkans are corrupt/infested with organised crime , which they are . 
  the issue is that they are not economically important . 
  i just dislike the double standards . 
  the level of denial we still see from people about this is frankly disgusting . 
  thank you for correctives , but of course it is n't just daily mail . 
  it 's a whole genre in the british tabloids to demonise eastern europeans . 
  some people will go to hell and back before they concede this . 
  does n't gel with their self-conception of their socities being oh so much better/liberal than eastern european states . 
  maybe not . 
  a better question to ask is why the english are so hateful . 
  wrong question with the wrong onus on the wrong group . 
  they mostly keep their head down and work . 
  easy prey . 
  bullies always pick on the weakest/least aggressive . 
  racists function in the same way . 
  also , the fact that they are white means that they are going to get less help in the media/from wider society from the self-proclaimed `` anti-racists '' as we all know , white ca n't be targets of racism . 
  sure , there is xenophobia here , but there is also racism , even if it intra-white racism . 
  ask the irish about whether that is possible or not . 
   he warned that political dialogue with the eu should focus on judiciary reform so that western balkan countries are not still affected by ** corruption and organised crime ** by the time of their accession . 
  not that i disagree , but by this standard , italy should never have joined either . 
  they still have n't really got a handle on their mafia in the south . 
  many of their top politicians were implicated in mafia trials ( andreotti for instance ) and others were as corrupt as a fat fish ( berlusconi ) . 
  yet italy is a bigger country , so they never get to answer those questions . 
  i do n't see how it is any different than the western balkan countries , except the size of the economy . 
  do n't be so prissy , now . 
  i 'm interested in your remark because it strays so far away from my conception of taiwan . 
  sadly , you 're completely unable to qualify your statement most likely because it is total bullshit . 
  which is kind of boring , in a way , because i wanted to get my view of taiwan challenged . 
  not today .
