  we do n't disagree on this point at all and this was also my comment to him . 
  yeah , the right-wing does propaganda but complaining about it while refusing to see the blatant left-wing propaganda at the same time means nothing if you are not consistent . 
  it 's that the left has the cultural hegemony in basically all western countries , so it 's much easier to find reputable sources who package that propaganda in with a trusted name . 
  but as we have all seen , when it comes to immigration , nobody is entirely rational . 
  when i see the bbc always portraying migrants as young cute girls in pink or only interviewing migrants who are all , mysteriously , doctors or engineers , do you think that doens ' t set off suspicion in my mind ? 
  like , oh i do n't know , maybe the bbc has a slanted perspective too ? 
  because it does , and we all do . 
  so it 's better to be open about that than to pretend that there is this objective coverage out there and everything else is propaganda . 
  that 's false and you know that . 
  exactly . 
  that is the underlying point i was making . 
  defending her will come from conservatives while the `` liberals '' remain silent and enable her blacklisting . 
  so ask yourself , again , what does that tell you about the state of liberalism in western europe in 2015 ? 
  the rightwing propaganda is n't much worse than the leftwing propaganda which portrays all who come as refugees and nobody as an economic migrant . 
  oh , almost every interview i 've read is inevitably from a doctor , an engineer or an architect . 
  either that , or it 's a young cute girl . 
  no , certainly no agenda there !, 
  think critically for once . 
  it 's amazing to me that if you are `` conservative '' in most of western europe in 2015 you are in effect defending * liberalism * from fundamentalists and their `` liberal '' enablers . 
  if that is what is conservatism today , then what does that tell you about the european left ? 
  completely spineless and useless . 
  yeah , it 's a pathetic drop in support . 
  come back when her support is cut in half . 
   anti-immigrant sentiment may be prompting some migrants to leave finland the article is n't really sourcing that statement , it 's just speculating . 
  as for the part with sweden having more immigrant communities and therefore being more attractive , sure , but that doens ' t change the fact that these people are n't in dire need of protection . 
  if they were really desperate , they 'd stay in finland . 
  and they are not . 
  they are economic migrants . 
  nice try , though . 
   if there 's any muhammed who would fit well in finland , it 'd be one whose first thought upon entering finland is `` where can i get drunk ? '', 
  muslim men often lead `` sinful '' / secular lives . 
  people often mistake secular habits for secular values . 
  big mistake . 
  i 've met tons of them here in sweden who drink , do n't pray and some even do drugs . 
  still do n't prevent many of them from marrying imported wives from the middle east and harassing women who wear skirts of ` asking for it ' . 
  i 've even talked to quite a few who will defend rape to my face . 
  if you want to know the true liberalism of a community , * always * look at the girls . 
  looking at men often tells you nothing . 
  i 've seen many muslim guys basically dress like westerners but with a burqa-clad girlfriend standing close to them . 
  you are often not able to decipher a man 's fundamentalism from his clothes or his habits . 
  again , look at the boundaries for the women of the community to get a much better sense of where they stand . 
   not to mention that japan and south korea are so far away have you ever been to bradford or east london ? 
  there are plenty of pakistanis and bangladeshis in those places . 
  most of those people intially came in the 60s and 70s . 
  this was a time when air travel was expensive . 
  do you think it 's closer to the uk than to japan from bangladesh ? 
  now think of just how cheap it is to travel in this day and age compared to back then . 
  distance is n't an issue in our world . 
   if you ca n't understand that they should be able to refuse them then it 's your own fault . 
  you 're being obtuse again . 
  i 'm * not * saying that they take them in . 
  i 'm saying that the issue here is the * social expectation * that europe should be the social service of the world , and only europe . 
  this social expectation goes * far * beyond the border of europe , to the point when the refugee czar of the un names only europe as responsible for dealing with the migrant crisis but ignores everyone else . 
  that is and remains the issue and an issue you 're pathologically avoiding . 
  that there are plenty of stupid white people who agree with him does n't detract from this , it merely strengthens the urgency of destroying this unspoken cultural assumption . 
  as a swede it hurts to take the side of our western neighbour in this but [ norway has already decided ] ( http://www.greencarreports.com/news/1099324_norways-goal-all-new-cars-will-be-electric-by-2025-to-cut-carbon ) that it will be selling * only * evs by 2025 . 
  sweden has not taken such a step . 
  i bring this up because the most difficult part in developed western socities to decarbonise is the transportation sector . 
  it takes an average of 20 years to change the entire vehicle fleet . 
  so even if norway 's aggressive goal is implemented they wo n't phase out all gasoline cars until 2045 . 
  sweden has n't even begun mentioning this . 
  and until they make concrete efforts to massively push evs , i 'm going to take all this `` fossil-free nation '' talk a bit . . skeptically . 
  the un is a joke of an institution . 
  they have no teeth on anything . 
  look at how crestfallen they have been on syria . 
  china/russia/india / us wo n't give 2 shits what the un thinks . 
  sadly , meek europe just might . 
  we 've always been overinfatuated with the u.n. 
  but even if europe and possibly latin america goes along , the rest of the world wo n't . 
  at this stage i 'm tempted to say , you risk becomming an irrelevant discussion club until i realised . . that 's what you already are . 
   this `` double standard '' does n't really exist . 
  oh really ? 
  so tell me , is the un agency a subdivision of europe or of the world ? 
  because last time i checked , the un is supposed to represent the world . 
  yet their refugee chair only singles out europe . 
  does n't even mention rich arab oil states . 
  only europe . 
  are you purposefully being obtuse ? 
   not only that but japan and south korea are sovereign nations and have to ability to decide whether they want to take in migrants or not . 
  so are european countries . 
  finland has been part of the eu for a long time and decided to take in very few asylum seekers up until recently . 
  also , eu = / = europe . 
  many countries in europe are not part of the eu and the un refugee czar does n't make that distinction . 
   you 're probably just upset that east asian countries have their priorities straight while european nations do n't . 
  this expectation goes far beyond europe 's borders . 
  again you 're being obtuse . 
  the issue is n't what priorities east asian countries have . 
  the issue is the expectation that europe must solve the world 's problems . 
  why is europe obligated to be the social service of the third world ? 
  this is the basic question that is unanswered . 
  japan and korea and the rest of east asia do n't take any asylum seekers at all . 
  oh and inb4 `` yes but their culture do n't allow them '' , well europe was very homogenous in the 50s and 60s . 
  did n't stop people pushing 3rd world immigration anyway . 
  or take eastern europe today . 
  there is this persistent double standard , europe and the rest of the world . 
  it 's not going to last . 
  good questions . 
  does anyone know if the spanish government can block catalonia if a clear majority votes for independence ? 
  i recall reading that rajoy made clear that he woud n't allow any independence to go ahead even if there was a yes vote . 
  how much of that is just bluster and how much of that is grounded in a reality in terms of real power ?
