  any latvian able/willing to shed some light of what the possible reasons could be ? 
  read the title of this thread . 
  tell me why q1 growth figures are relevant . 
  i 've looked at the underlying consumer demand , production and exports data and the number i 'm getting is around 4.5 % . 
  that 's still plenty fast for an advanced economy . 
  the problem with your gdp numbers is n't ireland 's fault , though , it 's flaws in how gdp growth in general is calculated . 
  however , even your gni saw the same level of stratospheric growth ( 18 % if iirc ) , so gni is scarcely better . 
  til : the world is communist and marx won from his grave . 
  fair point , but even on per capita growth they are not doing amazing . 
  we did 3.1 % * per capita * growth last year . 
  they are on track to miss 3.1 % this year . 
  this year our population growth will be much lower as our asylum applications are going to be around 30k , instead of 163k , so i assume our per capita growth will be lower than poland 's , but again , probably by the same margin as last year . 
  they are , in other words , barely growing faster than us on a per capita basis . 
  so , it does n't change the fact that they should be growing at 4-5 % per year to enable rapid catch-up . 
  that is the performance target that korea/ireland had for several decades which enabled both of them to get to industrialised levels quite fast . 
  poland is converging , but quite slowly and may not converge at all 10-15 years from now . 
  well , the french riot for all sorts of reasons . 
  the important part of passing into law is complete . 
  you did n't understand my reply . 
  the state can not manddate whether the women will be forced to stay home or not . 
  so it 's a non-sequitor to even invoke the state . 
  the reform has to happen within those communities , and the burden should * not * be put on the state or the broader civil society . 
  if you refuse to accept this , then it is n't my problem , but your political ideology standing in the way . 
  500 + is a net stimulative programme . 
  if you think all keynesian economics is the same as `` communism '' , then sure , it 's `` communism '' . 
  but anyone opening a econ 101 textbook would laugh you out of the room for that remark . 
  the whole point of it is to simulate consumer demand and it does a good job at that . 
  it 's merely disguised as `` pro-family '' to appeal to the voter base . 
  in reality , it will have zero impact on child births . 
  i would scrap it , because i think it is a waste of money , but it is stimulative in the short-term and it 's silly to say it is n't driving growth . 
  it is . 
  problem is , it 's doing so at the cost of a higher fiscal deficit . 
  not smart . 
   also our weaker performance is to be expected with a government as anti-business as pis well , they cut the [ tax on small businesses ] ( http://www.thenews.pl/1/12/artykul/258318,polish-gov%e2%80%99t-adopts-bill-to-cut-corporate-tax ) a few weeks ago . 
  it 's not as clear-cut as you make it out to be . 
   `` invectives '' , my new word for the day . 
  i 'm more than happy to educate those in dire need of it . 
  even for free , in your case , 
  no , but they 're not catching up fast enough . 
  korea and ireland both grew over 2x as fast when they were at a similar gdp per capita . 
  at this stage poland will not catch up to the frontier for many decades , and probably never due to their demographics hitting them really hard in the coming years . 
  the recent labour law reforms are a step in the right direction . 
  also , french yoy growth has been increasing . 
  they need to do more , but i would n't call them stagnating , qtq figures are very volatile and less revealing than yoy . 
  your gdp figure is from q1 . 
  please learn to read your own sources . 
  turkish q2 has not been released yet . 
   rumoured to be in the double digits . 
  source for these rumors ? 
  yoy is more important , and qtq figures are only growing that much so much because q1 was so poor . 
  given that the ecb 's monetary policy has positive spillovers and the 500 + programme is basically stimulating consumer demand , 3 % is indeed quite weak . 
  you 're growing slower than us , and our per capita income is over 3x of what you have . 
  you should be doing 5 % or more , on a sustained basis . 
  then again , the imf estimated polish potential growth to be 3 % or so per year , but this is the `` natural '' rate . 
  with the ecb boosting ez growth/500 + progamme , poland should do better . 
  you 'd be making a better point if you were n't engaged in clownish hyperbole , invoking dictatorships , and throwing invectives around like confetti . 
  when in doubt , resort to strawmen arguments nobody has used and lots of caps . 
  yeah , you 're just confirming my opinion of you . 
  sorry , but it affects me as a swedish person when you 're being a massive idiot . 
  people associate the flag with that behaviour . 
  so stop . 
  please do n't be a walking negative stereotype of a swedish person . 
  his answer , all of this thread , is yes . 
  because a ) that is n't something the state can mandate and b ) the repression of women and their sexuality is ultimately something those communities have to deal with . 
  giving concessions on our values - which is what you 're de facto advocating for - to appease a regressive view on women is the * opposite * of liberalism . 
  either you stand up for your values , or you do n't . 
  and you 've chosen your preferred answer . 
   is n't the alternative that these women just do n't go out of the house and go swimming ? 
  the alternative is that these communities overlook their value system that tells them that a woman 's body is so shameful that it has to be covered , whereas no men has to cover their bodies in a similar fashion . 
  belgium more innovative than israel ? 
  sorry , but that index is a joke . 
   i ca n't help but feel like it just does n't matter in 2016 it does matter . 
  you 're only thinking about this from an enterprise pov . 
  for a home-user , there were n't any decent open source options ten years which were n't largely garbage . 
  a lot of older people are n't as web-savvy as younger people and they need a program on their pc . 
  libreoffice is a godsend in that regard . 
  also , linux has advanced a * lot * . 
  mint 18 is by and large a very good replacement for windows if you do n't game that much . 
  both of those things put together saves people a lot of money . 
   i 'd still recommend a visit just on the strength of the german history museum , if nothing else , as you can burn an entire day on non-ww2 stuff which is a rarity . 
  absolute gem . 
  thanks , i 'll keep it in mind if i ever pass through berlin again . 
  i know precious little of german history other than wwii and the era around bismarck 's life . 
  that needs to be rectified . 
  looks good to my eyes . 
   naples i 'm curious , how is naples to visit ? 
  i gather that there are fewer tourists , but i 've read a lot about problems with garbage collection etc , is it a dirty city ? 
  how is crime ? 
  lviv in ukraine . 
  very beautiful city , very cheap , very safe . 
  the biggest advantage is that you can visit in summer and not be swarmed by tourists yet enjoy the benefits of good weather . 
  it 's also not close to the conflict regions in the east . 
  most people do n't do that , though , so it falls on deaf ears . 
  if the buildings were rustique , sure , but not drag and grey council estates . 
  you 're overreading what he wrote . 
  denmark has less relative poverty because their socio-economic system is better than the british . 
  so he does n't get to see that kind of poverty at home . 
  it 's a comment not directed at poor people but at british society writ large . 
  whining about `` youngsters these days '' is the * edgiest * thing ever , though . 
  that neoliberalism must die .
