  apparently her mother had experienced a different france which was actually distinct from the u.s. 
  so again , i view the lifting as inevitable but honestly it 's just sad , just goes to show how insecure france has become . 
  chasing after american pop culture . 
  i actually thought we 'd see some genuine cultural diversity in the west but that now seems like a distant dream . 
  this is inefficient . 
  better to do forced expulsion . 
  jailing them in europe , for how long ? 
  i do n't think they 'll be jailed for a year at most . 
  and anyway they can just avoid this sentence by running to another country . 
  and if they are caught and jailed , what happens when they exit jail ? 
  maybe they still refuse . 
  will they be jailed over and over ? 
  life in jail for non-violent offences can be quite sanguine . 
  especially in northern europe . 
  certainly better than the chaos in syria . 
  not a fan of merkel but her coalition and the opposition party have 60 % together and that is n't even counting the far-left and the greens who want to go even further on asylum policy . 
  also , that horst guy says it 's a `` mistake '' but he does n't do anything about it . 
  what are words for if they are not backed up by action ? 
  horst knows he has no bargaining chips at all - who will csu rule with , who is willing to go along with them on their policy disagreement ? 
  almost nobody.merkel holds all the cards . 
  she can just dump him and his party and go with the sdp/greens and be with her natural habitat . 
  she 's only right-wing on taxes and on everything else she 's fairly leftist . 
  and the german left can absolutely be pragmatic on economic compromise , just as sdp has showed . 
  tl ; dr keep dreaming guys . 
  merkel is n't going anywhere . 
  remember this when you see people saying that the refugee wave is tiny etc. 
  it always begins with a low-balled number for political propaganda purposes and once the policy is set in motion , voil\u00e1 , the estimates just keep going higher . 
  it 's the same pattern in country after country . 
   how were they supposed to stop the migrants from coming ? 
  stop inviting them ? 
  it 's amazing to me how hard it is for some people to understand such a basic concept . 
  people are coming because they know they can get asylum . 
  it 's magnets , the `` pull factor '' . 
  why do people pretend as if governments like the finnish one is powerless ? 
  it 's not . 
  it is choosing this . 
  just as hungary chose not to grant asylum , which is why the 3rd world migrants are now avoiding hungary . 
  this is n't rocket science . 
  just a question , why does the airforce still use that as a symbol ? 
  i keep seeing references to the `` finnish swastika '' . 
  iirc the hindus have a legitimate case to be made that the nazis stole their symbol but the finns ? 
  do you have a history where that swastika was used for other things , and if so , for what ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  it 's the right thing to do . 
  of course jewish/muslim pressure groups will scream bloody murder . 
  we should ban halal/kosher slaughter while we are at it , due to extreme pain inflicted on the animal . 
  secularism ca n't be shy . 
  penis-cutting your children is n't a human right . 
  we should retire the so-called `` nobel peace prize '' once and for all . 
  it was always a joke . 
  ( giving it to henry `` cambodia '' kissinger ? 
  really ? ), 
  of course if the committee keeps this up , we wo n't have to act . 
  they will destroy themselves . 
   and he also resigned from the left ... not really . 
  he 's still a blairite in his soul . 
  i 've read a few hysterical pieces from him lately attacking corbyn . 
  only a man who is a committed labourite would as much energy as he does . 
  also , let 's not forget he attacked the left for not being supportive enough of the war in iraq . 
  in * 2000 and fucking 6 * . 
  so that moron is n't someone to hold up as a moral individual . 
   while mainstream right in your country might want the freedom to mock mohamed , they also might want to make it so that mocking veterans source for your bs statement . 
  europe is n't america . 
  aaaaaaand here comes the apologist brigade !, 
  when you 're asked in the context of charlie hebdo , that has nothing to do with tobacco companies . 
  you 're pathetic . 
  then they are n't intellectual . 
   the marriage of europe 's far-left intellectuals and far-right islamists is fucking bewildering . 
  i would n't call ken livingstone an intellectual but he was london 's mayor for 8 years . 
  he was a self-described atheist and yet he was on the same stage as yusuf al-qaradawi and praising the man . 
  i mean this is a guy who would [ ** make even the most reactionary catholic look like a 1960s hippie ** ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yusuf_al-qaradawi#women_and_gender_issues ) . 
  iin the end i think it 's something racial about it . 
  if you 're brown you get away scott-free for these people . 
  it simply does n't matter what your actual opinions are . 
  it 's the exact same mentality that states `` only white people can be racist '' . 
   i guess the sobering effect of functioning neutral sweden as a neighbour and friend you do n't have to be polite to me . 
  a friend should n't be neutral when its neighbour is under great duress . 
  sweden 's neutrality was shameful . 
  like it was in wwii . 
   pro-ethnic-autonomy usa with woodrow wilson were pretty important to the mix . 
  finland was probably one of the main beneficiaries of wilson 's idealistic policies and league of nations . 
  this seems to me to be the bigger factor , although we should n't overestimate the importance of outside support . 
  the finnish people alone are mainly responsible for their nation , whether it develops well or not and when duty called , they showed their true colors . 
  it 's kind of sad as a swede to look back in 100 years of swedish history and not find any similar struggles in sweden . 
  i guess you could say we played our hand better/more cynically , but it also shows a chilling willingness to discard any moral duty whatsoever in the name of prosperity , at almost any cost . 
  interesting . 
  but how prevalent were these communists within the socialist party ? 
  more than 30-40 % or more like 10-20 % ? 
  also notable that the wg continued social reforms . 
  so pragmatic like bismarck . 
  this is a trait i like in northern european societies , a tendency towards compromise and a strong aversion to violence unless absolutely forced to . 
  family reunification is a thorny topic . 
  it often is n't as easy to bring people over as people assume and that 's especially the case when you have family structures where the woman have 3-4 kids back home already . 
  sweden has made it easier than it was in the past but the entire framework is a patchwork as it is now . 
  so the short answer is , count with 1.5-2x as base . 
  it is n't just me . 
  i 've read accounts from people , mostly journalists , saying that the media has been fairly uniform in their propaganda . 
  in many instances these were n't condemnations , but people saying this in approval , saying that they were proud to be german . 
  i think if you are going to run with the meme that there has n't been an overwhelming push from the german media on this issue , prepare to be countered by other germans in this subreddit . 
  you wo n't last .
