  governments = / = the people . 
  most elections are fought on jobs , the economy etc. 
  there is n't much choice on other issues , at least up until recently . 
  this comment probably says it better about the current insanity than i 've ever seen any other comment on reddit do . 
  amazing summary , i hope you do n't mind me stealing it for future use . 
  for someone who has no idea what this is about , care to enlighten ? 
  it does sound pretty weird to be comparing norway to nazi germany and expelling their diplomat for an isolated case of a mother and her children . 
  this is long overdue . 
  finally europe is growing a spine . 
  i 'm tired of reading american journalists acting like a cheering squad for their corporations as they evade taxes and flout privacy laws , as they attack european concerns as reactionary or even as outbursts of jealousy . 
  if the americans had a better journalistic corp they might have less flagrant tech companies so willing to cheat either the taxman or the user . 
  i 'm actually pro-schengen , but the point has been made repeatedly and bears repetition again : ** you can only have open borders within europe if you have controlled borders for those outside europe ** . 
  if you allow europe to be flooded uncontrollably like it is now , and then turn around and attack anyone who disagrees as a nazi or at the very least a suspicious hatemonger who hates everyone and their mother , then you ca n't be surprised that support for an intra-open borders europe will fall rapidly . 
  after all , hungary is dependent on the choices sweden makes and france is dependent on the choices germany makes . 
  that trust is predicated on getting around to a concensus . 
  merkel threw away all that and acted as the queen of europe , because she knows she has so much power . 
  this is what power does to people - they become arrogant and detached . 
  and when inevitable resistance rose , she did n't listen . 
  no , she attacked eastern europe for not getting along with her unilateral diktat . 
  the cheek !, 
  the irony here is that the german people seem to be more on the side of the easterners than for her own chancellor on this issue . 
  that has n't stopped her !, 
  that 's why i said a few weeks ago : merkel is in the process of throwing away european unity in favor of 3rd world migrants . 
  can you accept someone 's assurances that they are pro-european , when their loyalty with arab asylum seekers , many of whom are economic migrants , is higher than her fellow europeans ? 
  hardly . 
   extreme enough party how is it ` extreme ' to carry out the wishes of 80 % of the population ? 
  it seems to me that if you 're pursuing a political agenda which 80 % of the population opposes then such parties are the real extremists . 
  i know you 're on my side of this argument , but i just want to caution on the use of proper language . 
  a lot of people , even those of us against the flooding of europe , tend to unconsciously adopt the language of the hegemonic open-borders left and i think that causes us , myself included at times , to use such language as you just did . 
  it subconsciously validates the world view that what they are doing is normal and what 80 % of the people want is `` extreme '' . 
  such are the privileges of having the cultural hegemonic power in the media and the academia . 
  so if germany , the guarantor of the schengen , has a population where 80 % wants to scrap it , how long will schengen survive ? 
  maybe we should put up a schengendeathwatch.com website or something and start our betting . 
  it seem certain to be doomed by now . 
  and the problem is : neither does the rest of the major parties . 
  so there 's literally no outlet for this disconnect . 
  ( no , afd does n't count . 
  we 're talking about a seriously large party here . 
  they would need at least 10 years to get to a decent size , by which time it 'd be too late to stop the flood ) . 
  actually , both . 
  and i 'd add the system to that . 
  parliamentary democracy is n't very efficient and it 's time we scrapped it in favor of a more direct democratic model instead with some tweaks * . 
  * such as foreign policy . 
  how many voters care about diplomatic relations with uzbekistan ? 
  there 's sense to have a small technocratic class to handle such issues . 
   all these acts are for their own interest none for the ` western ' values . 
  actually , both . 
  it 's in the long-term interest of nato to see every country as a democracy . 
  also , there is a difference between vision and execution . 
  the neocons actually believed they could spread democracy to the middle east , which of course is idiotic , but had they been right it would have been in the western interest to do so . 
  countries who become liberal democracies like japan or south korea or the philippines and vietnam tend to be very pro-western . 
  the philippines or vietnam were both colonised by the west for a long time , yet today relations are excellent . 
  do you seriously think western governments would prefer saudi arabia to vietnam ? 
  even if the saudis are often going along with washington ? 
  the only thing that you 've managed to prove is that western governments can be ruthless in the pursuit of their self-interest . 
  yes , that 's true . 
  but that does n't disprove my point - it strengthens it . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  in the post-wwii era there * was no russia * . 
  there was the soviet union . 
  do you understand the difference ? 
  what was the soviet union all about ? 
  spreading communism . 
  it was a state with a clear ideological agenda . 
  nato was an answer to that . 
  it was and remains an alliance based on western democracy , hence the values comment . 
  if turkey continues its path towards islamism , it can no longer claim part to be part of the western democratic structure , which is why all the talk about size of army or location is totally irrelevant . 
  iran has a great location !, 
  but what difference does that make since they do n't share our values ? 
  jesus , people are so stupid . 
  my point re : israel was that your cluelessness reminds me of secular liberal israelis who are in a deep state of denial about their country . 
  they have this dream castle israel which does n't exist except in the figment of their imagination . 
  and you remind me of them , because you keep insisting , contrary an endless series of islamist vicotories , that the real turkey is not like that . 
  as i said , the undercurrent of islamism in turkey is broader than just the akp - i brought up the evolution of mhp as an example of this . 
  and by the way , islamism isn ' y one size fits all . 
  turkish islamism is probably going to be a lot more tolerant than saudi islamism , but it 's still * not * secularism and the increasing importance of islam in public life is a broader trend that 's been going on for a long time now . 
  you can see it in the escalating violence against women , the attacks on secular habits , the pushing of `` modesty '' for girls , even telling them they ca n't smile . 
  at each turn you can say , well , that 's just an isolated incidence . 
  it 's not the real turkey . 
  but as time goes on and these small incidents pile up , it 's no longer coincidences , it 's part of a broader pattern . 
  and you can accept that , or you can keep insisting that the real turkey of your imagination is somehow still out there and what 's been happening for a long time now is just an illusion . 
  it might help your mental sanity , but it doens ' t help your argument . 
   bennet is not far right , he is right at best . 
  this is hilarious . 
  the man has said the 2ss must go away and that israel should do unilateral ~ ~ colonisation ~ ~ annexation of parts of the wb and you deem these positons as `` right at best '' . 
  actually , this is hilarious on multiple levels . 
  that implies that he may even be * centrist * in your world view !, 
  because `` at best '' means that his pro-apartheid positions can only be described as `` right '' at the very limit for you . 
  i think your comment is really revealing , actually , because it shows that it 's now centrism in israel to advocate unabashed apartheid and unilateral colonisation . 
  so in a sense you just managed to strengthen my original argument about the cluelessness of the tiny liberal israeli minority who keep insisting that the real israel is them , when in reality , it 's people like you who are the * real * real israel , thinking it 's centrism to advocate apartheid and colonisation . 
  you 're right , tunisia is an outlier . 
  my statement was too categorical in absolute terms but the spirit of the comment - that democracy tends to give way to islamism - is nevertheless correct . 
  if you want to argue that , let 's see how many tunisias you can find . 
  so my statement was too categorical but the fundamental argument i made , you have n't disproved it . 
  look at your current government . 
  ayelet shaked , bennett , the shas , the utj . 
  if these are `` secular democrats '' to you then your definition of far-right is close to nazism , or even past it . 
   turkey is still a secular country . 
  majority is against erdogan , they just ca n't unite . 
  do you think he 's been passing laws based on islam left and right ?
