  since you raise muliticulturalism as the focal point , let me talk about my country , which i know best . 
  first , the non-eu migrant population is deeply divided . 
  roughly half of all our mena migrants are not even muslims to begin with . 
  these people would n't make common cause with those who they in many instances fled from . 
  second , even among muslims there are deep divides . 
  most violence in the suburbs is actually intra-muslim violence . 
  third , since europeans control all the key instituions , the army , the police , the intelligence agencies etc , the only hope would be somekind of guerilla warfare . 
  however , the problem with that is that such warfare relies on a friendly local population . 
  this is how guerilla armies have * always * operated . 
  the invading force takes control of the major cities , but the majority population is friendly to the guerilla . 
  it 's what mao did to the japanese and it was the afghans did to the soviets etc etc. 
  but you ca n't do that in europe , because the local , non-urban population is n't going to support an islamist guerilla warband . 
  further , where are all the supplies going to come from ? 
  people who do n't study military history often overlook the crucial role of logistics and supply lines . 
  the fact is , the most radical elements within our societies are loud , violent and dangerous , but they are a small minority . 
  they are entirely concentrated in the urban areas , which is ideal to choke off and isolate if you want to crush an enemy . 
  and that 's even assuming they could keep a semi-coherent mission among themselves . 
  i could see some limited suicide bombing/lone wolf attacks , but an outright civil war ? 
  there will never be one because it would be over the same day it started , the odds are * that * stacked in favor to us . 
  i 'm more concerned about those on the far - * far * - right , those who do n't just talk darkly about multiculturalism but outright embrace racial radicalism/racial cleansing as their operative agenda . 
  it 's possible that 20 years from now , someone like hofer or le pen will look like a teddybear compared to the monsters in waiting . 
  those are the ones you should be worried about . 
  it 's a war which is based on outside aggression by a military power . 
  worst example you could come up with . 
  so , if i understand you correctly , the hard l is actually the correct way of saying it , and it got muddled because a bunch of peasants kept saying it the soft way - \u0141 - instead ? 
  if that is the case , then why was it spelled \u0141 if it was pronounced as a hard l ? 
   things are going i see civil war erupting in europe at some point i know i should n't indulge people that say these outlandish things , but i 'll bite : you * really * think that ? 
  i mean , take a moment , take a deep breath , maybe stand up and drink some water and then come back . 
  now ask yourself , do you * really * think a civil war is coming ? 
  please . 
  in defence of merkel , most politicians are , then again , she is worse ( better ? ), 
  at it than most other people . 
  see , this half-yes , half-no game is so easy because its so sleazy . 
   also marital rape was legal in turkey until 2005 just as an aside , how did come to know that ? 
  spell or pronounce , or both ? 
  also , why ? 
  i was talking to a guy who was working in the fsu states during the 80s when communism was falling apart . 
  he 's swedish , but fluent in russian and has a handle on different slavic languages . 
  he says that polish is typically a bit softer to pronounce , is that what you 're getting at ? 
  there are ways to cheat on that . 
  according to guniess , the longest swedish word is :  nordv\u00e4stersj\u00f6kustartilleriflygspaningssimulator but that is n't realistic to use in real life . 
  our longest realistic word , from the swedish academy , is thus :  realisationsvinstbeskattning i wonder what the longest ( realistic ) polish word means/is . 
  that could probably be because those two languages are the most dominant in europe , in terms of economic attraction . 
  most of europe 's poorer workers go to either those two countries , so their need to learn other languages in general is quite low . 
  this is especially true for the english . 
  do n't worry , a random german redditor will praise them from afar and make hollow statements that he 'd help them * if it was n't for his schedule * . 
   also you compared germany to these countries and saying that canada or australia are much poorer countries than germany is ridiculous no , i did not . 
  your english comprehension skills need an upgrade . 
  i was saying you should compare yourself to countries like australia and canada , not poorer countries like those in eastern europe or other parts of the world , which is what your original comment was about . 
  my basic point remains . 
  germany should compare itself to the high-income group . 
  and just because your standard of living is high * today * does n't mean its automatically going to be that in the future . 
  that 's why you should compare yourself to a relevant peer group of nation . 
  instead you think a better solution is to compare yourself to much poorer countries and basically saying `` oh well , we 're better than them '' . 
  that 's not a relevant metric . 
  you should ask yourself how you 're doing in relation to canada/australia and sk 10 , 20 years from now . 
  if your bad attitude is prevalent in germany , the answer will not be good . 
   seven genders what ? 
  edit : so i skimmed the source and it mostly boils down to a single person with a blog making a bunch of assertions . 
  it 'd be nicer with a more authorative source which actually contains linguistic data for the hardest language . 
  and to belabour the same point made earlier , difficult/hard languages depends on the mother tongue of the speaker to some extent . 
  seriously , even invoking north korea ? 
  yes , germany is doing better than sk * today * , but that is because sk started to industralise in the 1960s , whereas you started in 1860 . 
  it is n't surprising you have a standard of living which is higher if you had 100 years of a head start . 
  what * is * surprising is how close korea has gotten to you . 
  their hdi is quite close . 
  and , further , how they could ( potentionally ) pass you in the next 20 years . 
  if a lot of germans hold the same kind of defeatist attitude like you , comparing yourself to much poorer countries and even invoking nk , then it 's a given . 
  relevant username . 
  source ? 
   instead you go for the slur with a racist tinge in what way is it a slur ? 
  german intelligence came out in recent days saying that there are is sleeper cells . 
  granted , they are a small minority of the overall wave , but it is n't accurate to say that there are n't terrorists being imported . 
  it sounds to me like you are emotionally reacting to a factual statement . 
  that you are a frequent poster to / r/iranian is surely just a coincidence , given that you yourself likely came as a refugee or your parents did and come from a muslim background . 
   i do n't intend to pay for this mess for all my life which is why i 'm looking to emigrate in a few years where to ? 
  what kind of defeatist attitude is that ? 
  germany should compare itself to australia , canada , korea and similar countries , now and into the future . 
  it 's carl bildt , the biggest shill for turkey in europe in recent decades . 
  that you praise it is not surprising in the least . 
  if carl bildt was in charge in eu/turkish policy , he would have rammed through the accession talks and given the visas a long time ago . 
  the only thing notable about his article is how isolated his position has become , he 's a relic . 
  for english native speakers , i have a question for you . 
  am i wrong to believe that the headline is awkwardly written ? 
  since the ban would only * start * from 2025 , there are two issues with it , as i see it . 
  first , it 's nine years from now , not ten . 
  second , the headline makes it sound as if the ban would only be in effect `` in the next ten years '' , whereas it would start nine years from now . 
  now , i 'm not a native english speaker , so i wonder , am i correct in raising my eyebrow over the headline , as it seems to me to be very poorly written ? 
  minor quibble , but still . 
  relevant username . 
   it only took politicians getting sent to prison for it to happen , go figure i 'm sure the matter is * entirely * coincidental . 
  where 's my kern disstrack ? 
  it 's long overdue by now . 
  the escape scene frankly sounds like an [ oap ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=oap ) bond movie . 
  utterly bizarre , as you say , but also simultaneously hilarious comic gold . 
  look at their gdp growth rate [ yoy trendline ] ( https://i.redd.it/y82u7n8y1kfx.png ) ( click to zoom ) . 
  unemployment rate tends to be a lagging indicator , but their economy does n't seem to be doing great . 
   the unemployment rate `` dropped '' , because they decided to stop counting certain groups of the population which is why the employment rate is a better measurement ( only counting working-age population ) , because you nullify those kinds of distortions . 
  i was feeling generous today , alas , i see not everyone shares my positive mood  but you 're right , of course . 
  i was using an unnecessarily mild euphemism for their next-level cunthood .
