  a lot of people still do n't want to face the fact that we do n't live in the 1960s anymore , where a lot of unskilled labour was missing/needed in our labour market . 
  there has been a structural shift since then . 
  it is * very * hard to get a job if you do n't at least have a high school degree in sweden , that is true of native swedes as well . 
  many who come now have often not completed secondary education . 
   trigger word  foaming at the mouth  swinging around you uncontrollably bosgeus , you keep using those words , i do n't think you know what they mean  the bottomline is that you are still trying to avoid the central fact that you want to kick out the 10 ee nations and call it ` federalism ' . 
  you keep trying to run away from that . 
  throwing around invective will not help you . 
  select ` max ' for the full view . 
  very impressive , irish !, 
  actually , it is n't harder than to read a [ basic poll ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/30/concern-over-immigration-delivers-a-significant-poll-boost-to-th/ ) . 
  but apparently reading polls on the internet becomes impossible due to geographical location ? 
  who knew ? 
  maybe i can only get a true understanding of the situation by breathing ~ ~ brexit ~ ~ british air . 
  bosgeus , i do n't think i 'm the one who is sweating bullets here . 
  you keep trying to spin your anti-ee stance as pro-europe . 
  it 's not working for you , but you keep trying . 
  just come out and admit it : you loathe the eastern europeans and want them kicked out . 
  you said as much a few days ago . 
  why are you hesitating now ? 
   if you want to compare the cost of production for international markets - nominal salary is useful : we do n't disagree , but most people do n't own their own clothing factories . 
  for everyday life , ppp is better . 
  but i appreciate your point . 
  yep , southern europe is still struggling . 
  a big part of that you have a currency which is adapted to germany , not your own needs . 
  i 've been railing against the current structure of the euro for a long time , either go big ( fiscal union ) or go home . 
  at the same time , ireland also has the euro yet it has done spectacularly well in recent years . 
  so while the euro architecture is flawed , we should also be forthcoming with the structural weaknessess in the southern tier of europe . 
  a federal europe is a united europe . 
  a western european union is a political arrangement for western europe only . 
  western europe is not all of europe . 
  it 's not hard . 
  as i said : you may loathe the eastern europeans , but that does n't make them less europeans than us . 
  they belong in the eu , even if you want to see them out . 
   you 'll have a pretty tough life actually my life is pretty good , thanks for your concern . 
  here 's a tip for you , though : do n't run away from your opinions and get sour . 
  if you do n't want a federal europe , if you want to kick out the 10 ee states , then stand for that . 
  do n't spread fud . 
  do n't fudge the issue . 
  just say it : i want to kick out the 10 ee nations , just like you said a few days ago . 
  you sarcastically asked why eu even needs them . 
  but do n't call yourself something you 're not , just because you ( correctly ) assume you 'll be laughed at for calling yourself a `` federalist '' when you literally want to cut off the entire eastern eu . 
  and please do n't whine to me when you get called out on that . 
   i 'll give a meaning to it as i please a western european union is not a federal europe . 
  eastern europe still exists , even if you never hide your loathing of it . 
  a federal europe is a united europe . 
  do n't spread fud by claiming that you 're a federalist when you 're not . 
  you advocate breaking up the current eu and retreating into a much smaller fiefdom . 
   getting belarus , ukraine , moldova , kosovo , russia and so on in on a federal europe seems impossible currently . 
  yes , but who says that such a scenario is on the cards * now * . 
  getting to eu 28 was impossible back in the 50s too . 
  believe it or not , people can plan for longer than their nose . 
  there have always been declinists and pessimists like yourself on the road to ever closer union , who said no , we ca n't go there , it wo n't happen . 
  at every turn people like you were ignored , and i am thankful for that , because otherwise the current eu would not exist . 
  you 'll be ignored again . 
  edit : i like how you only talk about belarus/ukraine and other ee nations not in the eu . 
  back a few days ago , you advocated cutting loose all of the current ee members as well . 
  `` who needs them '' was your question , as to why western europe should defend them against threats from russia . 
  anyone can go into your comment history and see for themselves . 
  so nice try fudging the issue , again . 
  all of you eastern europeans in the eu , all 10 nations of you , here 's a guy who hates your guts and want to see you kicked out of the eu . 
  and he calls himself a * federalist * . 
  give me a break . 
  integration is never a smooth process and the main stumbling block lately has been immigration . 
  both intra-eu ( to the uk ) and extra-eu , primarily to greece/italy and then to the northern nations . 
  if the immigration issue was solved , how much of this would dissipate ? 
  be careful not to conflate the current immigration tensions with that of the eu . 
  there will always be an isolationist minority in the eu who want their nation-states with high walls erected between nations and a `` each man to himself '' approach , but absent the current immigration crisis , they would n't have much oxygen . 
  what would the brexit camp do if they could n't demonise poles/romanians/bulgarians ? 
   after the past 10 years hope changed to fear , enthusiasm to cynicism , and visions to disillusionment . 
  speak for yourself . 
   i was once a federalist , still am ideologically , hahaha , was this before or after you advocated for cutting loose eastern europe ? 
  fyi : a federalist believes in a federal europe , all of it , not just a small corner of it . 
  so fairly useless , considering how wildly the ruble has been swinging these last few years . 
  the vast majority of a household 's expenses are going to rent/food/education / healthcare and other local expenditures . 
  the worst of the crisis is already over anyway . 
  your growth has surprised to the upside in this q1 . 
  you will not return to the 5 % growth per year of the past . 
  but you could be doing 1.5 % to 2 % . 
  we are already seeing oil rushing up . 
  would n't surprise me if we would be at $ 60 per barrel by the end of the year , and your budget is at $ 40-50 i believe . 
  what this also means , however , is that russia 's military build up will necessarily slow , but certainly not reverse . 
  is that ppp-adjusted salary ? 
  let 's clear out a few misconceptions : 1 . 
  the euro is not a success for anyone except perhaps germany and a handful of other nations . 
  the main reason is as obvious as it is simple : having a monetary union without a fiscal union is always an economic drag for the whole system , even if there may be individual winners ( like germany ) . 
  this is not news to economists . 
  many american economists warned the eu of this before the euro was adopted , but they were ignored and/or ridiculed . 
  who is laughing now ? 
  ` socialism ' can mean almost anything , depending on context . 
  a lot of americans still view government-run healthcare as socialism , even if it has been proven over and over that it is * far * more cost-effective . 
  are hypercompetitive nations like korea socialist because they have government-funded healthcare ? 
  with that out of the way , europe is more economically diverse than america , because we had 45 years of the iron curtain . 
  america should really compare itself to major european nations like germany , the uk , france or the economic regions like benelux or the nordics . 
  even then , the comparison is halting at best . 
  generally speaking , you are much better at innovating . 
  i 've written before about the fact that spotify acidly criticised the eu when they said that it was easier to enter the american market than the spanish market . 
  so how much of this innovation in america is due to internal culture or just the impossibility of the eu bureaucracy is an open question ( and it will depend on your biases ) . 
  we , however , tend to have a lot less murder . 
  up until recently we were also more pro-gay , but this is changing fast in america . 
  generally speaking , in the nordic nations , life is almost certainly better for the average individual than for the average america back in the states .
