  that is entirely the wrong way to do it . 
  many of the victims of these wars in the middle east are often the most moderate ones , which is why they are targeted , because less fanaticism also makes you an easier target ( sadly ) . 
  yazidis are a good example of that . 
  i 'd be in favor of refugee immigration , but only in a way where we can select them from the camps in the me , so we can do proper vetting ( like the americans are doing ) , not the free-for-all that we 've seen lately , which does n't benefit real refugees and has terrible incentive strucutres . 
  yup , but the thing is , not everyone like you is as fair-minded . 
  i 've seen genuine leftists bend over backwards for islamists . 
  indeed , some did it on the [ front pages of our media ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mehmet_kaplan ) ( one of mp 's main party leaders had to resign and the other almost got the sack , too , for both of them defended him until the end ) . 
  so it is n't plucked out of nowhere , there are some on the left who do have genuine problems being fair-minded in criticism as well , much less than they would if it were christians or buddhists . 
  that being said , there are also a lot of people who essentially view all people within the islamic faith as all the same and they ca n't comprehend how anyone who has a more granular/nuanced world view even functions . 
  i was surprised how positive everyone was in the east . 
  i knew their economies were doing good , but not * that * good . 
  sure , the salaries are lower etc but still . 
  other than that , the top 10 looked pretty exchangable . 
  watch out brits , learn from the mistakes of the americans . 
  make sure you get proper gratitude and proper compensation ( to the extent possible ) . 
  some people become entitled very fast , and start forgetting the sacrifice you 'd make . 
  i know it probably is a pita for you germans to deal with them , but here i am just seething with jealousy . 
  i mean , you even have the coolest nutjobs . 
  how unfair is that !? 
  their own diplomatic corps , for crying out loud !? 
  i hope they also put in time and effort to make cool and fashionable outfits , too . 
  it 's not enough to be crazy , you must be crazy in style !, 
  oooo , you * went * there !, 
   a group of people who believe that the `` reich '' never ceased to exist and that the federal republic of germany is a firm called `` deutschland gmbh '' ( `` germany llc '' ) with no authority to run the german territories holy shit , til . 
  also , laughed out laughed out loud at the `` reich gmbh '' part . 
  not gon na lie , given how good your economy is , even i would n't probably resist the idea after a few drinks . 
  racist scum !, 
  er , not you , oh dear . 
   there really is n't much support . 
  you should be reading the polls more often . 
  no , he is only a former member of the bank of england . 
  clearly , he cares little for the uk and has a hidden agenda . 
  come on . 
  just take up the tin foil hat while you 're at it . 
  if you disagree with him , then do so on substance . 
  if you ca n't , then that speaks volumes . 
  i was n't talking specifically about curriculums , i was referring to the fact that there is * huge * support for creationism in america when they ask the public whether they support/believe in it . 
  my point was that teaching evolution was n't going to magically create a more tolerant society ( even if it should be done for scientific reasons ) . 
  you 're missing the point of my comment . 
  this is n't about islam . 
  it 's about a political party attacking someone because of their skin color . 
  for the last time : why are you trying to avoid that topic ? 
  this is n't a dick measurement contest , it is merely a statement of fact that other nations - not all nations - have suffered far more than any single arab state under colonialism . 
  india is just one . 
  philippines is another . 
  indonesia is a third . 
  i could go on . 
  all those nations , while still poor ( and certainly much poorer than they would have been if not for colonialism ) do not have the same pathologies as the arab world . 
  i 'm not writing this with glee . 
  it gives me zero pleasure to see a once-great civilisation devour itself , but we have to be honest with ourselves : you guys are in trouble , and while you certainly have a long tab on us , for far too long you 've refused to look yourselves in the mirror . 
  that has to end . 
  the colonialism argument can not explain nearly as much as you want it to , since so many other nations have endured far worse . 
   do n't let yourself fooled by western media , turkey is far from collapsing or anything like that . 
  to be frank , some of the turkish media is even worse ( looking at you , h\u00fcrriyet ) . 
  but yes , i am not someone who is easily swayed by newspaper stories because i look at the economic fundamentals . 
  the fundamentals of turkey are fairly robust . 
  erdogan has not done a bad job economically , even if it pains some to admit that . 
  and every election in every country is always about economics . 
   that is a very important point , and i also think the step back to more pious society is the result of the chp regime were religion was completely banned and anything even loosely connected to religion was very heavily punished by prison sentences and even death . 
  the pendulum now swings back from overly anti-religion to overly religious . 
  in a way the religious people are taking their revenge for the past . 
  revenge is never a good dynamic to have in a nation , but if i was a pious person and was under persecution by an unelected `` deep state '' which felt it had the right ( and knew it had the backing from western powers ) to overthrow any government , i would probably not be the most gracious person , either . 
  i personally think that once the west realises that turkey probably will never become a light-brown carbon copy of the nordics , it can hopefully re-calibrate and abandon the worthless `` all or nothing '' approach it has pursued , where turkey is either the darling saint or the anti-christ ( as you put it ) . 
  one last thing : the firing of the last pm shows that even within the akp there is a faction , which while never subservient to the eu which bruseels wants , is nevertheless not pathologically hostile to it . 
  in other words , pragmatic . 
  in davotoglu 's premiership , we saw a glimpse of a possible future , where a muslim turkey , not trying to become a secular western state , was nevertheless working together with the eu to solve a common problem . 
  as much as the eu likes to pretend otherwise , there are millions upon millions of turks in europe , europeans love to visit turkey and a part of turkey is on the european landmass . 
  if it is in the eu or not is irrelevant . 
  we will need to find a way to co-operate , whether we want it or not , for events will force us together if we do n't do the due diligence , as the last year has shown us . 
   i know turks historically have inferiority complex against christians says the guy who complains about racism . 
   your behavior as a people and a country and it continues . 
   he was about to launch an invasion of rome before he got poisoned . 
  i swear , people never give me the credit i deserve . 
   i feel like sometime turks have an inferiority complex i think it 's less inferiority complex and more likely imperial overhang . 
  and anyway , engaging in psychobabble when it comes to geopolitics is always a fool 's errand . 
   he is so much liked because he is seen as a strong leader who knows what to do and how to do . 
  even if many do n't agree with how he does things at the end people agree with the result . 
  i 've made this point in r/turkey as well but * holy shit * did i get pushback from people . 
   and on top of that are the completely and utterly incompetent opposition parties and their leaders who still reminisce about the good old days where being the party of atat\u00fcrk won them elections . 
  yeah , even as someone who is sympathetic to chp on an ideological level , they 've always struck me as * entitled * . 
  like , they feel like this is all a scam and somehow they just `` deserve '' to be in power . 
  if they are not in power , somehow it is the fault of the electorate etc. 
  maybe i 'm being unfair to the opposition but that is the feeling i get from afar as a non-turk . 
   as a turk i 'm against joining eu too . 
  but not because of the same reason you listed . 
  turkey has a very important geo-strategic location . 
  it 's the gatekeeper of europe and the bridge to asia and the middle east . 
  binding yourself exclusively to the eu is in my opinion wrong . 
  i support the ascension process , it 's in turkeys interest to implement the laws and standards of the eu to further the development of the country . 
  but at the end of that process turkey should n't commit to one side and should do it 's own thing . 
  not the destination is the goal but rather the journey . 
  yeah , i 've heard the same thing from other turks and it makes sense to me . 
  turkey would find it hard to find allies inside an eu which is essentially a christian club . 
  it would also severely constrain its options in the middle east ( although to be brutally frank , how many options do you even have these days ? 
  iran/saudi/israel are three other major me powers and neither are close to you . 
  egypt is hanging on to the coattails of the saudis ) . 
  if you look at turkey today in terms of economic development , you already qualify to join . 
  you 're at the level of romania is today , and they joined when they were far poorer . 
  you 've also had a strong growth in stuff like renewables , whereas far richer nations like the uk and the nl have failed there . 
  from a purely selfish perspective , having a stable turkey on the edge of europe is important for me .
