  i 'm not denying the state has a role and a responsibility here . 
  i 'm merely pointing out his preferred method of only focusing on it as a de facto mono-causal explanation , which i am deeply skeptical of . 
   population wise it still constitutes nearly half of the country . 
  doubtful . 
  everyone who is n't voting akp is not automatically secular . 
  mhp has moved from secular-nationalist to nationalist-islamist , with a few lingering exceptions . 
  the kurdish party is popular now because of the violence and oppression , but many kurds were voting for erdogan before because they are islamists . 
  of course , islamism in turkey will not look the same as it does in saudi arabia . 
  but the true amount of secularists in turkey is definitely below `` nearly half '' . 
  it 's chp ( 25 % ) plus a smattering from other parties . 
  good points . 
  i would n't be surprised if secular turks were * more * nationalistic than islamist turks , since the main objective for the islamists is to re-establish the caliphate , where national borders mean little and the spread of fundamentalism is of paramount importance . 
  national borders is a hindrance for that . 
  i remember reading about intra-isis conflicts where the top brass accused some of the chechen fighters of flying the chechen flag higher than the black flag of isis . 
  basically , do n't you even * dare * go nationalist . 
  it 's funny how nationalism can mean different things in different contexts . 
  it 's generally viewed as regressive in europe for obvious historical reasons , yet in other contexts it can be the ideology of the secular liberal democrats . 
  you 're right . 
  lappland is certainly a lot less cosmopolitan than stockholm . 
  it also is n't islamist . 
  lower , yes , but * much * lower ? 
  doubtful . 
  because of the strong societal pressure , people are less likely to display it in public . 
  in ee/ec , however , the are no people around to personally offend so the social price to pay there is much lower . 
  that does not mean that the people in france or elsewhere do n't think similar thoughts , just less likely to voice them . 
  also , i 've met people who have had pretty anti-islamic thoughts yet have muslim friends . 
  the amount of mental gymnastics they go through is quite impressive . 
  so it largely depends how the question is phrased . 
  in many of these surveys , the question is often very general and point-blank , so people think of their friends and respond in a tolerant way . 
  once you ask about islam in the more specific yet remote way , it becomes easier to disentangle your friends and the responses are much harsher . 
  i 've seen that in surveys in sweden and it is also true in the uk . 
  i 'll admit i have n't read the french surveys because i do n't know the language , but i doubt it would be radically different . 
   it 's a very valid concern for most of the world when looking into a highly nationalistic country . 
  yes , it 's a very fine balance to walk . 
  i think the south koreans do a decent job . 
  i think the japanese have not done such a decent job , if we 're looking at nationalistic and highly developed socities . 
  some people bring up america , but for me , civic nationalism is easier to pull off since it is more vague . 
  ethnic nationalism like the japanese/jewish israeli/korean ones are the types which can spiral out of control more easily . 
  the concerns there are not overblown . 
  at the same time , as i mentioned earlier , once you live in a society which takes its existance for granted , you inevitably become complacent . 
  i do n't know if you can prevent that easily . 
  the entire op-ed is basically a re-hash of `` let 's blame the state 100 % and ask nothing in return from the people who come '' . 
  this kind of approach has failed and it is tiresome . 
  also , i 'm not aware that the german or uk situation are roaring successes . 
  the best performing minority in the germany iirc are the vietnamese . 
  in the uk it is indians and the chinese . 
  the pakistanis and their connection to child sex scandals like in rotherham is by now well-known in the uk . 
  the bangladeshis in east london have retreated from society and started to use sharia courts . 
  are second or third generation turkish offspring from the guest worker programs in germany an economic or cultural success ? 
  my knowledge of germany is limited , but i do n't think it is * that * limited . 
  the author of this op-ed thinks that is a good model . 
  he 's basically the distillation of the status quo conventional thinking . 
  but apparently some people never learn , they just double down . 
  the folks over at / r/ukpolitics remarked that there have only been two deaths by police in the uk as of this year and both victims were white . 
   it 's going to be hard for germans to get used to it people are surprisingly mallable . 
  people get used to violence very quickly . 
  we evolved that way . 
  it 's why we are able to shut off other people 's pain so easily from our brain if they are not related to us in a direct way . 
  it 's why people can live ` normal ' lives in warzones . 
  i 'm not saying `` who cares about terrorism '' , i 'm just saying you 'd be surprised how many germans and french and others would get used to this . 
  the politicians are already talking about this now to get people mentally prepared . 
   our racist governments in here in europe are longing for race-war wat, 
  2000 years of an existance without a nation state does that to a people . 
  just ask the kurds how happy they are about saladin the great muslim conqueror who decided that kurdish nationalism was unimportant and instead focused on muslim unity . 
  still no homeland . 
  it 's easy to rail against nationalism when you have a long-secured homeland and thus have no historical memory of it being ripped apart . 
  that is certainly the case in sweden . 
  eastern european countries who were first butchered by the nazis and then occupied and colonised by the communists are far more nationalistic than us for a reason . 
  they do n't take their sovereignity for granted . 
  and , i assume , neither do most israeli jews . 
   turks voted last year to consolidate erdogan 's power despite him having already shown he was authoritarian , so fuck 'em man that is a depressive way of thinking . 
  there is still a significant secular minority in turkey . 
  i know they are oblirated electorally by the teeming islamist masses ( like in iran ) , but we should n't just throw the key away . 
  you do n't have to be polish . 
  i was making a qualitiative difference between refugee/asylum migration and work-related migration . 
  you were making the connection that as people who migrate , poles should not be fearful of others . 
  i was making the point that , migration is not the same across the board . 
  it would have been more ironic if poles were unwilling to allow unskilled labour from , say , ukraine into poland for the same reasons the uk has become fearful of polish/romanian/bulgarian migration . 
  * that * would be ironic . 
  poles do n't migrate as asylum seekers/refugees anywhere . 
  well , france has had plenty of firsthand knowledge and it does n't seem to have helped the situation . 
  i fundamentally disagree with the notion that one can not discard or accept something without first experiencing it firsthand . 
  it 's a fairly stupid way to think about the world . 
  i call it `` learning by being hit in the face , repeatedly '' . 
  there are other ways , you know , like , shock , reading statistics and polls of general attitudes/social norms of various groups and nations . 
  or learning by other people 's mistakes . 
  people unsuccessful in life fail to learn from other people 's mistakes . 
  i just do n't get the attitude that this is somehow invalid for a nation but it is valid for a person . 
  for me , it 's a valid stance for both . 
  thanks, 
   the irony as polish people are really scared of refugees why ? 
  refugee migration is not the same as economic work migration . 
  ( not defending the treatment of the person , making a broader point ) . 
   more likely they 're just people he sees as obstacle to his taking over as dictator . 
  it 's also telling that the main obstacle to him becoming fullblown dictator is another islamist who by most measures is even * more * hardline . 
  that 's turkey in 2016 . 
  pick your poison . 
  what is this ? 
  german humor that is actually funny ? 
  the world has gone mad , mad i tell you .
