   that 's not being noticed by the press that sounds strange . 
  there 's been a lot of stories of concern/unease among jews , christian refugees and some women etc. 
  maybe you should send in an op-ed . 
  exactly . 
  this is a false alarm , and it will induce the opponents of ttip in a lullaby of complacency . 
  hit two targets with one strike . 
  yup . 
  it 's easy to be against something ( or someone ) , if you do n't know the alternatives . 
  how many germans would prefer gabriel over merkel ? 
  the alternatives to merkel are not very attractive . 
  people who think she will lose in 2017 are in for a rude surprise . 
  only compared to sweden , which is n't a high bar to cross . 
  compared to finland , you 're not even close . 
  it 's really sad that most people bashing greece still have * no * basic understanding of the fundamental economics . 
  the economic doctrine that was imposed on greece was unworkable from day one . 
  period . 
  something even the imf has now ( much too late ) [ admitted ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2013/jun/05/imf-underestimated-damage-austerity-would-do-to-greece ) . 
  yet people keep acting as if the greeks are just a bunch of lazy moochers who want endless handouts . 
  this fundamental level of economic ignorance is what keeps it possible for the current economic dogma to never be challenged properly . 
  it 's infuriating to watch . 
   sweden actually did close the border rather effectively that is * very * selective memory from you . 
  let 's unpack what really happened . 
  our border enforcement came much too late , only by january of 2016 . 
  by that time , it was already deep winter and the major flows have subsided . 
  hungary acted in the moment of crisis , when they were denounced as nazis or worse . 
  and where was sweden then ? 
  we were silent instead of defending them . 
  our media was demonising them . 
  worse , our government kept insisting that the unworkable migrant quotas was the right thing ( and we still do ) . 
  we kept insisting that border enforcement was not the right solution , and anyway this was a secular trend so it was useless to think that `` populist '' and `` short-sighted '' measures would work . 
  then we implemented the very things we claimed would not work , and voil\u00e1 , the flows slowed from the already diminished numbers to almost nothing . 
  but let 's not re-write history . 
  when hungary acted in the heat of the moment , at the peak of the crisis , we did n't stand shoulder to shoulder with them . 
  we abandoned them . 
  jokes aside , they should . 
  hungary has done more to european stability in the last year alone than germany/sweden has . 
  their first fence was constructed using their own funds 100 % . 
  the rest of europe , and sweden/germany in particular , owes them a debt of gratitude . 
  thanks , 
  what causes them to split from hvrat and form their own groups in the croatian legend ? 
  are they cast aside or do they abandon the family ? 
  how does the saga justify the delineation of the slavic family ? 
   what 's interesting , this legend exists not only in poland but also in the czech republic . 
  however , in the czech version there are only two brothers : \u010cech and lech russia can not into slavic brotherhood . 
  in all seriousness , though , since poles and czechs are both part of the west slavic group and russians are part of the east slavic group , there is some logic in the czech decision to cut them out . 
  still , the * burn * . 
   the polish legend stresses out that these were the times when all the slavs were speaking one language and inhabited one land . 
  does anyone know this proto-slavic actually existed , i presume that it did , and if so , is the language still alive/known ? 
  i mean , not to be too blunt about it , but italian food is kind of world famous for a reason , while polish is n't . 
  and i 'm speaking from a country which is n't exactly a culinary superpower either . 
  also , on the weather , would you really prefer to live in poland in the winter compared to italy ? 
  for people who base their entire identity around a persecution complex , no incident and no team is too minor . 
  these guys sound like the polish [ beitar jerusalem ] ( http://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/sports/.premium-1.713062 ) . 
   last one at least did something they spent a lot of eu funds ( as they should 've done ) . 
  i 'm not sure if you can praise them for that . 
  it 's not just economics , though . 
  italy has ** much ** better weather and much better food . 
  it does n't show up in gdp numbers , but it still matters a lot for standard of living . 
  if we look at ppp-adjusted gdp per capita , sure , poland has closed in , but it is still quite some ways off from italy 's economic standard . 
  http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.pp.kd?locations=pl-it the difference in nominal gdp per capita is even more dramatic . 
   i heard one representative on the radio are you polish-speaking ? 
  sorry , but it 's true . 
   as i come out i 'm confronted by about 15 males who evidently climbed out of 3 battered and derelict looking cars who literally surround me as i 'm trying to head back to my car . 
  all speaking foreign language , all seemingly trying to speak at once . 
  i do n't know what the fuck they are saying , it 's 11:30 pm at night and there is n't a single security guard or car anywhere to be seen . 
  had they been willing they could have quite easily robbed me of my things . 
  holy shit, 
  eons, 
  last time i checked , the ( massive ) incarceration population in america was n't seen as breezily as it seems to be by you . 
  it 's ironic you talk of bigotry , yet you equate israel with only jews . 
  you do know that 25 % of their population is n't jewish , right ? 
  funny how you left them out in your mentally warped image of what israel is and is n't . 
  therefore , you ca n't be racist against `` israel '' since it 's an agglomeration of peoples and ethnicities , many of them non-jewish . 
  maybe you 'll be less ignorant next time . 
  maybe not . 
   take advice from the people who made your countries prosperous by slaughtering and stealing from the rest of the world . 
  the west got into a position of world domination due to internal factors of development in the first place . 
  it 's logically coherent : you ca n't dominate others if you first do n't rise to a position of being able to dominate them , and that has to start at home . 
  but do n't let your foaming hatred of the west get the better of you , 
  never , ever get between a parent and his/her children . 
  i wo n't condemn you . 
  i 'm too young to be a dad , but if my family was surrounded by a bunch of thugs in balaclavas , i 'd done the same thing as you would 've done . 
  the safety of one 's children is non-negotiable . 
  according to the [ ranking ] ( http://thenews.pl/1/12/artykul/268112,polands-standard-of-living-rises-fast ) poland is supposedly ahead of italy . 
  i guess poland is doing fine , but that just sounds pretty extreme . 
  the data is from boston consulting group . 
   the data comes from this year 's edition of the sustainable economic development assessment ( seda ) , a measure used by the boston consulting group to assess and compare the quality of life in 162 countries across the world . 
  [ source ] ( http://thenews.pl/1/12/artykul/268112,polands-standard-of-living-rises-fast ) . 
  nuclear is n't even competitive economically anymore . 
  it 's good for the environment ( except all that nuclear radioactive waste !, 
  ) , but look at all the major nuclear projects in europe like hinckley c or the finnish plant . 
  they are * all * hideously expensive , see massive cost overruns , and keep getting pushed back/delayed . 
  the time of nuclear has passed . 
  poland should be criticised for its lack of boldness on renewable energy . 
  the design is common , yes , but what is notable is how they managed to get lime green actually look good . 
   norway once again topped the ranking , but poland was placed relatively high , in 30th place , just behind spain and ahead of some countries with a higher gdp , including italy poland 's doing fine , i guess , but ahead of * italy * ? 
  that just sounds crazy and unlikely . 
  aep is known for hyperbole , but the article nevertheless gives me an excuse to probe our french redditors for a political update , and give their take on the state of ( dis ) content vis-a-vis the eu on both the left and right . 
  notice the fn flag in the background . 
  the most important message of this cartoon .
