  neither have to exclude the other . 
  so why are you so desperate in trying to do just that ? 
  actually , if you think it 's untrue then do go ahead and make your case . 
  of course you 'll find you ca n't . 
  i 've read up quite a bit after he wrote that and there 's interesting stuff to be read . 
  but i get a feeling you wo n't even read the history because his comment destroys the narrative that the butthurt german was trying to portray - and your comment follows in the same path . 
  desperate . 
  people ca n't complain since the mainstream progressive movement is moving away as fast as possible from the uk 's historical heritage . 
  if nobody else is going to use them , the nationalists will . 
   somewhat ironic that religiously fundamentalist migrants are a problem , yet poland is about to re-elect a party that is , in reality , based on religious fundamentalism . 
  if you 're seriously comparing polish catholics to the fundamentalism alive and well in the middle east then you are beyond help . 
  help yourself next time and look at the pew global surveys next time and see how many polish catholics favor the * death penalty * for leaving christianity . 
  it 's around 90 % in supposedly `` moderate '' countries like egypt and jordan . 
  the amount of idiocy on this subreddit is astounding . 
  i did n't know any of that , thanks for that . 
  ( watch out for butthurt downvotes though ) . 
  brutal . 
  nah , that was just a cheeky pat . 
  if you look at some of my threads , i do n't think you can characterise me as a wildly `` refugees welcome '' kind of guy , 
  the proper measurement is * net debt * to gdp , where sweden has negative ( yes you read that one right ) -20 % of gdp . 
  germany is at 40-50 % . 
  iceland continues to be the [ best country in the world ] ( http://thinkprogress.org/economy/2015/10/23/3715775/iceland-jails-bankers-and-survives/ ) . 
  [ is it you , colonel ? 
  ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/blogs/the-staggers/2010/12/obama-gaddafi-black-europe ), 
  what follows is only my speculation , not the article , but since the migration minister is on the record , instead of being given anonymity , it suggests to me that a deal is very close , otherwise he would not be so comfortable in going public with this if he did n't have a high confidence of a deal being rammed through . 
  also , as the minister stated , sweden 's case is very strong . 
  it has taken a lot of refugees per capita , the most in oecd by * far * . 
  you can say that it 's sweden 's problem etc etc , but in reality , we all know there 's only one leader in the eu that matters and that 's merkel . 
  guess which side she will come down on ? 
  i also think the government went out like this in no small part to make it loud and clear to the rest of europe what 's happening so that they give no room for national governments to get the info of the demand , fail to tell their populations , and then turn on sweden when this gets implemented in a faux rage as to deflect blame for the policy . 
  sweden is n't taking any chances here . 
  nobody can claim surprise . 
  looking at wikipedia 's polls of polls , it seems fairly obvious which party will win , which of course makes it less exciting for us non-poles to spectate . 
  nevertheless , it 's interesting how many articles i 've read in international media lately on the impact that poland 's election will have on everything from eu 's policy on syria , russia , migration quotas to climate change ( poland 's addiction to coal is a big stumbling block ) . 
  that speaks volumes how much people care all of a sudden , if you compare it to 10 years ago when nobody did . 
  i view poland as basically in the same league as most western european countries by now , not quite economically , but certainly politically already . 
  my summary of the article : today the entire swedish parliament except one party ( guess which ) and the government came to an agreement about what to do about the massive influx of refugees - send as many as we can to our neighbours . 
  as the article makes clear , 120,000 refugees were already in the quota * but this circumvents that * . 
  it continues to delineate that secret negotiations have been conducted with juncker since about a week back . 
  sweden is pushing for a maximum of 54,000 of new asylum seekers , but it 's not yet decided if the full figure will be accomplished . 
  morgan johansson , the migration minister , is optimistic and claims that the government has a very good case so it 's likely we 'll see somekind of de facto resettlement program in addition to the already agreed quota . 
  the only question that remains is if sweden can get its 54,000 figure through and which countries will take more . 
  [ 80 % of germans want border control ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20151006/four-fifths-of-germans-want-border-controls ) . 
  merkel 's way out of touch with her own population . 
  the rest of europe 's publics have gotten hardline on asylum migration and that will reflect itself in this subreddit . 
  it 's not harder to understand than that . 
  or we could perpetuate the myth that / r/european is the evil overlord which controls all of reddit ( or was it the stormfront yanks ? 
  i keep mixing up all the tinfoil hat theories ) . 
   the official statistics also consider `` propaganda '' and demonstrations an attack . 
  why is this not the upvoted more ? 
  this is crucial information . 
   the quality of the sub has declined generally people post opinions i do n't agree with , ergo `` quality '' has declined . 
   newfound popularity has made it an appealing target for racist brigading as well this myth again . 
  the other day i was reading a half-serious tinfoil hat conspiracy theory that the trouble of / r/europe is a bunch of organised americans ( yes , it 's time bash the yanks again ) who are raiding this subreddit when we 're all asleep . 
  it was pretty hilarious . 
  but seriously , get over yourselves . 
  this subreddit was never supposed to be a little cult for a few isolated far-leftists , it was supposed to be a big tent for europeans from all corners . 
  if you ca n't handle that , you 're free to create your own little `` safe space '' ( as they say in academia ) where you can pat yourselves on the back in perpetuity and circlejerk until the end of time . 
  til : germans burning asylum centers is just a confused signal to arabs that we like bdsm and they should be our sexslaves ? 
  also , netflix . 
  better than merkel . 
   ah , good , then at least we can still blame middle eastern people . 
  instead of trying to blame it on ethnic swedes which was the original plan , amirite ? 
  do n't play stupid with us . 
  this was the original meme in this thread from the beginning . 
  now since that plan fell apart , all i see is bitter tears . 
  the biggest derby in sweden is not in stockholm ( aik vs dif ) . 
  the teams are shit , but the crowd is nuts . 
  kind of funny that a conservative government is expected to go into trouble with a supposedly `` conservative '' government in germany , yet genuine conservatives in the uk are fine . 
  says everything that needs to be said about the current state of germany . 
  for reminding you of your dirty history . 
   as this thread will soon become a germany-bashing cesspit , i 'd like to propose going back to the official regulations and join the `` not our problem '' club . 
  they came in no small part because germany opened its floodgates and to deny this at this stage would be comical ( although i 'd like to see you try ! ) . 
  the receiving countries can not be held responsible for that . 
  why are you trying to avoid responsibility ? 
  germany has been so good at lecturing others on responsbility , but whenever there is an issue that germany , if not caused then greatly helped accelerate , then all of a sudden everyone who criticises is anti-german . 
  got it !, 
  ah , the predictable bigotry against eastern europeans materialising itself again . 
  yet the same person would of course be the first to warn against anything said against asylum seekers . 
  i 'm still trying to understand why it 's so socially acceptable to be hateful towards poorer europeans among certain kind of `` liberals '' who prize themselves on their tolerance , but whenever the topic of eastern europeans comes up , their ugly head rears itself in its hatred . 
  either way , you are disgusting . 
  the overall trend is more important than a single press release , especially as vague as this . 
  and the overall trend is unmistakable . 
  for now . 
  ftfy . 
  stop being hateful . 
  clearly everything happens in a vacuum and the solution is to push the pedal to the metal . 
  understand that we have plenty of middle eastern christians . 
  in this instance sweden differs from many west-european countries . 
  s\u00f6dert\u00e4lje has a majority christian population among its middle eastern groups . 
   ethnically swedish christians really ? 
  how are you sure they are ethnically swedish christians ? 
  we have many christians from the middle east and africa in our country . 
  they could be of any color/ethnicity . 
  source your bs , please  p.s. 
  your name just makes the irony grow stronger . 
   the ikea stabber said he chose his victims because they looked ethnically swedish , and he similarly is not charged with terrorism . 
  this . 
  so much uninformed claptrap i 've been reading lately does n't understand this issue . 
   and people are afraid of an ` islamisation ' of europe .
