  on the other , introducing jail time is monumentally idiotic . 
  but i feel the same for people engaged in shoah denial . 
  they are massive idiots , but they should n't be jailed for their idiocy , yet that can happen in some european countries . 
  overall , we need more free speech , even if the speech is historically wrong , ignorant , even hurtful . 
  the solution can not be to jail people . 
  i do n't buy that excuse . 
  america has a * massive * car industry of their own . 
  vw is n't an american car company , but it is n't a french , spanish , danish or estonian car company either . 
  the reason nobody raised the issue is because nobody dares stand up to germany . 
  a second reason could be that despite all the rhetoric of climate change , maybe our elites are far more regressive than they 'd like to let on . 
  that would certainly be a change from even just 10 years ago , when america was dragging its heels and europe was leading the charge on climate change and renewable energy . 
  there seems to be a significant drop of political action on climate change and related issues in europe in recent years . 
  the pioneer has become the laggard . 
  i guess the slap on the wrist-treatment that vw de facto got away with is another sad reminder of that . 
  til : accurately describing the lobbying power of the german car industry is an attack on all german people . 
  i do n't know where you get your cues on logic , but i 'd like to take a visit it . 
   banning burqas has nothing to do with secularism in your view and those who you selectively quote to support your own view . 
  they got away scottfree in europe because of their intense lobbying on the german government , and nobody else in europe dares stand up to germany and call them on their bs . 
  in america , several billions of the package they got forced to pay out was mandated to ev research . 
  europe should learn from that and impose the same type of fine . 
  punishment for punishment 's sake is pointless . 
  when the money is directed towards a cleaner future , its much better . 
  social democracy . 
  immigration is n't a panacea , but it would help . 
  poland is moving up the value chain , so it needs immigrants who can help it in doing that . 
  also , given the cultural problems that many western european countries have , i would be * very * careful in only taking in people who have a track record of assimilation in western countries . 
  forget integration . 
  90 % of integration happens at the border . 
  if you get australia 's migrant mix , you do n't need an integration programme , it works by itself . 
  if you choose sweden 's mix , you can have the best experts in the world , it wo n't do you much good . 
  selecting the right culture is foundational and if you fuck it up the first time , you do n't get a second chance . 
  ukrainians for manual labour would work and i 'd look at south-east asia for the rest . 
  the philippines have a very high birthrate and over 100 million in population . 
  they could alone supply poland with decent high quality labour . 
  vietnam could supplement some on the margins and i 'd look at high-skill indians 5-10 years down the line when poland is wealther . 
  those three countries should really be enough . 
  their diaspora is typically better than average in every western country . 
  they are also christian catholics ( philippines ) , mixed ( vietnam ) or mostly hindus ( track record of assimilation ) , so that fits with poland . 
  what you * should ` t * do , is to repeat our mistake , and think that culture does n't matter . 
  you 'll end up with the same social pathologies that we did and with a below-average productive population . 
  i have n't seen those in the polish debate who are open to immigration stress that . 
  unless they do , the restrictionists will ( successfully ) be able to paint them as careless , and frankly , they would n't be wrong . 
   i still believe the trend can be reversed if the polish govt starts taking the principles of knowledge-based economy seriously you have a good foundation . 
  your pisa scores are quite good already . 
  education is the first order of the day if you want a knowledge-based economy . 
  just be careful , though , a lot of we countries thought that industry and manufacturing was no longer relevant , most especially britain . 
  look where they are now . 
  their entire export business is tied into financial services , which is being destroyed post-lehman and now has brexit hanging over it . 
  their current account deficit is 5 % or more . 
  unheard of for an advanced economy . 
  their productivity is terrible . 
  meanwhile , korea , which never bought that line , is doing far better . 
  even japan , despite all its problems , understands the need for a manufacturing base . 
  the british have slowly understood why the german economy is doing better than theirs , for precisely this reason . 
  a lot of progressives underestimated the continued importance of a strong industrial sector . 
  poland should n't repeat those mistakes . 
  i 'd be more concerned with your massive coal sector . 
  the new government 's stance on renewables is terrible , but prices on the coal sector and overcapacity in general will force it to close coal mines , regardless of its rhetoric . 
  they know that threats work on the eu . 
  given the repeated cave-ins over the past year , i do n't blame them . 
  i would be using the same tactic if i were them . 
  what are your favourite cities of the south ? 
  i travel lightly without expensive clothes , watches and anything notable to steal , so i 'm willing to look at cities most other tourists would overlook . 
  only if you add an exclamation mark at the end . 
  i work best under compulsion . 
   all of a sudden it 's a matter of life and death please . 
  milan does n't interest me as much . 
  i think partly because i want to go to a city with a lot of italians . 
  plus , i 've never been to southern italy and i 'd would want to visit . 
  judging from the map , it seems like it 's mostly the north and the east that should be avoided . 
  yes , and i made the point that if that 's the case , then the onus should be put on those men to change and that reform needs to happen within those communities and * by * those people . 
  we ca n't be held ransom for their failure to reform . 
  it ca n't be used as a card to say that the burkini should n't be banned . 
  that 's adapting society to a regressive minority . 
  yes , but poland had a gdp per capita of 5960 usd in 1990 , whereas we had 37 500 . 
  so our gdp per capita was 6,3 x higher . 
  in what alternative universe do you live where growing faster is notable when you are * that * much lower ? 
  that 's why i said : for poland to have a higher per capita growth than us is not interesting . 
  it 's the * convergence speed * that matters . 
  poland 's convergence speed relative to us has not been spectacular , after 25 years of reform . 
  korea and ireland both converged far faster than poland has done thus far to the frontier . 
  that remains a fact of life , and given poland 's terrible demographics , i remain skeptical that they will ever converge , as their potential growth keeps declining . 
  the imf puts it at only 3 % in their latest country assessment . 
   and sweden barely grew since 2008 , while poland keeps on going . 
  sweden should be compared to peer countries , in our own high income group . 
  our result post-crisis is actually pretty good : https://i.sli.mg/zmabn3.png, 
  thank you , that comment is a goldmine . 
  structural reforms tend to hit demand in the short-run and boost long-term growth prospects in the long run . 
  so you need both , actually . 
  problem is that german doctrine has been all structural reforms but no demand-side growth . 
  that economic fatalism turned out just as it should have been predicted in the 2011-2014 years and we 're still paying the price for it . 
  the ecb is carrying the burden of the failure of those years , including its own disastrous tight-money bias during trichet 's reign . 
  that chart only confirms what i wrote :  they are , in other words , barely growing faster than us on a per capita basis . 
  i do n't see how you get that quote into :  the blue line , to me , is clearly and not barely above the red one here implying i was saying that we were growing faster on a per capita basis . 
  i never said that . 
  i * did * claim that they are not growing as fast per capita as they should , given their demographic crisis will hit them full force in no more than 10-15 years . 
  korea/ireland did much better at a similar stage of development , hence my skepticism that poland [ will ever catch up to the frontier ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.kd?locations=se-pl ) . 
  i 'd bet more on slovakia if i had to pick one of you . 
  lativa 's yoy trendline is worrying . 
  declining for 4 quarters in a row .
