  you 're misunderstanding that the media reports these instances with much more fervor , because it strengthens the dominant narrative ( 3rd world migration is `` good '' for us , white man source of all evil etc ) . 
  only an idiot or an ignoramus would not know that the media is often unwilling to report what 's going on in the immigrant heavy areas . 
  [ rotherham ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rotherham_child_sexual_exploitation_scandal ) , exhibit a1 . 
  or take the ikea murders in sweden recently . 
  the killer admitted that he went after his victims because they were swedish . 
  yet what was the first response of the police ? 
  they were telling people not to jump to conclusions and warned of `` dark powers '' . 
  yet after the recent knife attack , the police did n't even wait a single day until they said it was motivated by race . 
  see the difference ? 
  your perception is shaped by what the media chooses to bring up - and not bring up . 
  what it chooses to downplay , and what it chooses to amplify . 
  are you really this naive as to not know this ? 
  beyond the general points made in this thread , i 'd like to point out a more specific thing . 
  the cost of this is going to be [ around 130 billion sek ( swedish link ) ] ( http://www.svd.se/orimlig-kostnad-for-invandringen ) up to 2019 . 
  that 's about what the last government spent on tax cuts in the last 8 years . 
  so basically what swedes refer to as ' * reformutrymme * ' , meaning the amount of money a government can reasonably spend on new initiatives that is still within the budgetary framework , is * all * going to go on asylum migration . 
  the solution is if you want to do anything else , and this government does , you have to borrow money . 
  which is what they are going to do . 
  fortunately for them , sweden has negative interest rates on most of it 's bonds , so if you 're going to irresponsible , now is the `` best '' time to be . 
  but that does n't change the fact that you 're * still * irresponsible , even if the consequences of that are more muted than they would be otherwise in a more normal monetary environment . 
   hopefully they will pay dearly for it in the coming elections . 
  even if they will with the native population , the new imported voters will make up for it . 
  the left understood that demographics is destiny . 
  look at how the gop in america got crushed . 
  they were in deep denial for a very long time , saying that everyone can become a conservative and that the notion that some groups are just going to vote leftist for racial interests is a racist/un-american idea . 
  we all know how well that went . 
   every person that was n't a raging left-wing lunatic saw this coming emotions have a much more visceral effect on people . 
  i can show you a lot of graphs and tell you stuff about gdp/capita . 
  * or * i could show you a dead child on a beach and say that if you disagree with me , you 're responsible for that child . 
  which do you think is more effective in swaying people ? 
  people are not very rational at all , even in the 21st century . 
  we often underestimate the effects on our minds that mass propaganda has , especially when it is optimised to push as many emotional hot buttons as possible in our brains . 
  and the right still has n't understood this , while the left understood it almost a century ago ( via walter lippmann ) . 
  universal basic income is probably the way to go . 
  the problem is that the main benefits of working are social . 
  people often underestimate how important work is to their social health , which directly impacts their physical health . 
  some studies have even shown it 's more deadly to be unemployed for a long time than chain-smoking or obesity . 
  if low-skill jobs , and even a lot of medium-skill jobs , are no longer required , there will be a need to occupy people in other ways which are meaningful beyond watching tv or gaming , and which encourage social interaction . 
  if you add a strong vr on top of this , you could easily see a fairly dystopian future :p, 
   my guess is that in 20-30 years there will be no taxi drivers . 
  that 's actually a * very * conservative estimate . 
  in japan they are already running programs to completely eliminate truck drivers because they ca n't find labour . 
  the upside ? 
  productivity increased by over 70 % , which meant the robots paid for themselves within 6 months and now the companies , like komatsu , are saying they do n't even * want * truck drivers even if they could find them . 
  japan may be at the forefront of this , because of their aging population , but technology moves very fast these days . 
  germany and the swiss are leading in robotics and could easily export more to european countries . 
  the reality is that the `` pension '' argument never made sense even before this , because of the fact that most of the people who came have low human capital and come to highly developed economies . 
  the robot argument just compounds what was already true . 
  but what you should have learnt by now is * that this does ' t matter * . 
  it 's not a rational policy . 
  it 's an ideological project . 
  the end justifies the means , not the other way around . 
  thanks for spreading awareness . 
  we have to protect net neutrality . 
  my favourite part . 
  `` which country has the best humor ? '', 
  germany germany germany germany, 
  i 'm not trying to provoke you here , but honestly , why should they change ? 
  there are literally no incentives whatsoever to change . 
  they can always count on a hypersympathetic press coverage . 
  the state is softly-soft on them . 
  so long as the incentive structure remains intact , do n't expect different behaviour . 
  of course , you could argue ( and you 'd be right ) that the state should n't have to force them to behave well , but in reality some people are going to exploit the system and do n't really care for the social consequences of their actions . 
   coming from the guy who only recently made a blanket statement about all arabs following their daughters around in school to protect their honor . 
  i told you already : svt , our bbc , said this in the article . 
  not me . 
  not my personal opinion . 
  and it 's not `` all '' arabs , it was about the school in this instance . 
  why are you still having difficulties understanding this ? 
  can anyone be this stupid as you ? 
  it 's an amazing spectacle to watch . 
  again , are you trolling on purpose or just very stupid ? 
  i 'm still trying to find out . 
  half that sub is in this thread . 
  b-b-but he was a * hero of the people * !, 
  damn you and your inconvenient facts !, 
   but i ca n't help but picture lenin as a the over privileged son from nobility who caused death through war and mismanagement while installing a dictatorial one party state shorter : he was a filthy piece of shit . 
  it 's amazing to me that while anyone who would publicly praise hitler would get their comment removed and ( hopefully ) banned , yet praising a murderous communist dictator - or at least defending him - gives no punishment at all . 
  even more dangerous is when a rational debate is hindered by saying it 's all hysteria and xenophobia . 
  poverty and murder is n't the same as genocide . 
  you should know that . 
  you 've never been to a real warzone . 
  comparing baltimore , even as a destitute city , to a place like aleppo syria is delusional , bordering on the idiotic . 
  if you * really * want to go see a warzone , go to a real one and not your self-pitying sob story about how tough it was to live on food stamps - it 's a warzone !, 
  if you went to a real warzone you would n't even last an afternoon . 
  read the accounts of the fighters who fight there or the civilians who fled the nightmare . 
   i have definitely thought of individual murder when i had n't eaten in a couple days . 
  you begin to think about ways to get food and money no matter how desperate they are . 
  a human being can last for months without food . 
  a few days is nothing . 
  if you think about murder after a couple of days , it 's not because of the hunger . 
  it 's because you 're fucked up . 
  and before you ask , yes , i 've gone without food for days . 
  i 've done it as part of various diet experiments . 
  i 've even gone without food for a week . 
  if you start to get murderous thoughts after a few days you need mental assistence and spare me your pathetic sob stories about how * tough * it was to live on food stamps . 
   who has the time or the energy to do that ? 
  the arab fathers who feel that protecting the `` honor '' of their daughters is paramount . 
  by the way , i 'm trusting svt a lot more than the idiotic ramblings of someone who does n't even know sweden or swedish . 
   they were probably just there after dropping their kids off have you read the article ?
