  before you start opining on issues with dead certainty , you should first have humility about your knowledge of them ( or lack thereof ) . 
  there is a massive lng export market that will grow over the next 10 years . 
  countries like the u.s. have already started to export their shale gas . 
  australia has a massive natural gas resources , qatar has begun to supply much of asia . 
  there will be a global glut , and we can already see natural gas futures come down very heavily from just a few years ago . 
  russian gas in this global environment is far less in demand and another of their political tool will erode over time . 
  i 've read that the lithuanians have already begun constructing lng import terminals and i expect this pattern to continue . 
  there was an interesting interview on this topic a while ago : http://www.energypost.eu/professor-samuele-furfari-russia-cuts-gas-tap-can-forget-dream-selling-gas-china-one-day/, 
   it is n't rocket science to build them are you an expert in construction engineering or engaging in lazy speculation on topics of which you have little knowledge of ? 
  even if the current pace is maintained , we 're talking about a 20 + year neglect that has to be cleared up . 
  and even then , you have to account for our very high population growth . 
  so we 're talking realistically at least until 2025 until we will see some normality enter the housing market . 
  plus , the government is well-aware that your attitude of `` just let it rip '' has allowed many countries to lose control and end up with housing bubbles due to oversupply ( see spain ) . 
  it is n't as easy as you 'd like to pretend it is , unless one is undisciplined and careless . 
  you have to have a balanced approach to make sure you hit the demand just right without oversupply and a cratering economy/jobs market in turn . 
  they waited for too long before but now things are moving in the right direction . 
  they should not repeat mistakes of others in correcting a mistake by creating a bigger one . 
  i 'm finding i have more and more use of posting this chart these days . 
  http://o30.imgup.net/bostadskri1aed.png legend : thick blue line : population change the other two are built apartments and apartments under construction . 
  the story should be well known by now : sweden has massively underinvested in its housing stock for 20 + years . 
  so we already had a massive deficit going into this housing price explosion . 
  then came the 2015 refugee crisis at the worst possible time . 
  the government basically has to do a housing binge , but doing those things in a controlled manner is * extremely * hard , as any economy with a housing construction boom has noticed . 
  so , they are laying the groundwork first . 
  they have been tightening the terms upon which you can get a loan . 
  you need 15 % up front now , they 're talking about raising it to 20 % . 
  there 's a whole raft of other issues the government has introduced , i do n't have time to list them all . 
  in addition , sweden has rent control ( not good ) , so they are talking about lifting that , too . 
  the problem is that rent is already sky high in sweden , so rents could jump 50 % or more and it would push a lot of people ( especially migrants ) out of the housing market and into even more cramped ghettoes . 
  since sweden took in a lot of people , that would have very negative integrationist effects . 
  on the other side , a lot of people are saying , basically , bite the bullet . 
  rent controls had to go anyway , might as well have a shotgun marriage with regards to integration , since that is a politically potent seller . 
  if they just did away with rent control in a neutral context , it might have been far harder to get it through . 
  either way , housing is becoming fundamentally impossible to afford in sweden unless you want to wait forever in a queue or you need to take on massive amounts of loans to skip the queue . 
  it 's part of the reason why i 'm thinking of moving abroad for a decade or so and then possibly return once the situation has been sorted . 
  i do n't want to drown myself in debt . 
   in terms of social adaptation etc. 
  a few months ago :  it was reported that germany is in short supply of nurses and would at least need 200,000 nurses ( until 2020 ) . 
  `` the officials have expressed preference to hire filipino nurses , '' said baldoz during the dole 's first quarter 2016 kapihan at balitaan . 
  the germans are [ already at it ] ( http://www.gov.ph/2016/03/29/nurses-in-demand-germany/ ), 
   and there was no one left to prank me ftfy . 
   when i think sweden  pewdiepie what have we done ? 
   zimbabwe you can do better than this . 
  you 'll excuse me for being such an unwashed barbarian , 
  why do you have to be so cruel to him !? 
  facts are hurtful . 
   just like soviet union you literally turned yourself into a clown , bro . 
   would you really reprimand your own parents ? 
  yes . 
  and i 've done so . 
  of course , parents being parents , you have to be respectful , but you should also be firm . 
   they think i can just ignore it , but it 's not always that easy ... 
  but it 's not malice i think , just fear of confrontation . 
  100 % this . 
  swedes in general are * very * conflict-averse , and i am not . 
  that 's why i joked earlier that i am less culturally swedish than my two bros. . for people coming from cultures which are more open , more direct , they can often misunderstand that aversion to conflict as lack of caring . 
  your friends are lucky they have someone as understanding of their quirks as you , but not everyone with a non-swedish cultural background is so lucky , and i would n't blame them if they see swedes not sticking up for them as a sign that they are sold out . 
  i would as well , if i were them . 
  and frankly , just because some things have stayed a certain way does n't mean it should stay like that forever . 
  you should tell your friends to stand up a bit more often , even if it is hard . 
  racism is * never * okay . 
  they mean the world to me, 
   one of the parents complained loudly about me being a monkey all night holy shit . 
  why did n't anyone intervene ? 
  [ moody disagrees ] ( http://www.dn.se/ekonomi/sverige-bast-i-norden/ ) . 
   slightly, 
  i do n't know , i 've heard that for a long time , just as i have heard people predicting the imminent doom of my nation . 
  nobody denies there are problems , but the hyperbolic hysteria is a bit much . 
  two of my closest friends are middle eastern . 
  i 'd go as far to say they are both more culturally swedish than i am . 
  one did a 3 year stint in the army and is very patriotic , sometimes a bit embarrassingly so . 
  just today i passed three school classes to lunch . 
  ages maybe 10-14 , very mixed and not in a middle class neighbourhood either . 
  they were all laughing , having fun , dancing around . 
  yet if i were to believe reddit , i should have witnessed forced slavery in sharia zones on scorched earth . 
  reality is always much more nuanced/complicated than the caricature . 
   but that 's due to programming being a job that is just done in english exactly , but that 's the exception that proves the rule . 
  iirc , the language used in the dice studio in stockholm is english , not swedish , precisely because they have a lot of internationals and the work is mostly done in english anyway . 
   unlike danish , at least , it 's possible to pronounce now you 're just begging for an upvote , 
  ] ( https://i.sli.mg/oyjezl.png ) in all seriousness , though , i 've said this in r/sweden , too . 
  sweden is basically a soft apartheid state . 
  if you are part of the white middle class , life has never been better . 
  you know all those news about stagnating/falling incomes in us/uk ? 
  did n't touch us . 
  real incomes are up over 20 % over the last 15 years . 
  our employment-to-population rate in 16-64 age group is the highest in all of eu-28 . 
  if you 're ethnically swedish , you do n't have contact with the akalla/husby/rinkeby 's of the world . 
  i know this is a cynical analysis , but it also happens to be the truth . 
  people do n't face reality until it hits them in the face ( and even before it does , you always have the option of white flight ) . 
  that 's because he is . 
  how many ? 
   everything here requires swedish you live in sweden ? 
   no where else wants people who ca n't speak swedish . 
  again , what did you expect ? 
  swedes have a good grasp of english , but it sounds awfully entitled/weird that you expect not to learn the language of the country you are in , or at the very least get a job without trying to . 
   i did corporate sales and a lot of white collar work in the us i find the american definition of white collar work to be incredibly broad , just like everyone and their brother is `` middle class '' in america , whereas in reality many of those who define themselves as such would be classified as working class or upper working class in sweden . 
  so there may be a similar issue here with regards to ` white collar jobs ' . 
  corporate sales is fundamentally dependent on social and language skills , thus it is n't surprising that there is an extra strong emphasis on language aquistion and cultural knowledge . 
  it should also be noted that sweden has the second lowest ratio of low-skill jobs as a share of our total job market after the swiss in the whole of oecd . 
  refugee migration should be seperated from jobs migration , and right now it is n't .
