  we do n't give a shit about ukraine , even if it is in a war right now , but we take in people from places like iran ( most of the `` unaccompanied minors '' who have come to sweden over the last year are afghanis from iran . 
  iran is not a country in war or in turmoil ) . 
  a lot of wealthier european nations are shunning our poorer neighbourhood , whether it is the balkans , ukraine or georgia in favor for those who come from places not in war and who are culturally more distant from us . 
  i do n't see how the actions of various european governments in the last year would disprove that , which i think is the point he was making . 
  i find it hard to believe that italy is ranked as less corrupt than a nation like lithuania . 
  i 'm not saying lithuania is perfect , but italy 's entire southern geography is basically controlled by the mafia , and it is n't just sicily , things are just as bad ( if not worse ) in calabria . 
  what a garbage study . 
  taking in property prices as a measure of wealth . 
  greece had a higher median net wealth per capita than germany had according to oecd in their last study . 
  why ? 
  because a lot of foreign investors have pushed up housing prices in greece while germany 's housing market has typically been a cooler . 
  housing wealth is an illusion . 
  just ask any spainard . 
  counting wine just made the study go from garbage to trollish garbage . 
  one final point . 
  it is interesting that they are only focused on the southern part of europe . 
  the eastern part is catching up and that process is ongoing . 
  sensationalist bs . 
  southern europe has a lot of problems , but blaming the germans ( indirectly ) is not the solution . 
  i mean it 's an open secret that fn has bacially allowed itself to become putin 's voice in europe . 
  nothing he wants to see more than a divided europe , so he can divide and rule in the eastern bloc . 
   make `` freedom fries '' look comparatively sane no , it was still batshit crazy . 
  having boring national news is underrated . 
   when you 've got morons like these giving us endless laughs we 're still having an official policy of letting them becoming an eu member . 
  that and the fact that we are pushing for them to get visa-free travel . 
  so who is the one deserving ridicule here ? 
  considering that erdogan has essentially abolished the rule of law and still gets the kids treatment , i 'd return the favor ask you what you are smoking to induce you to believe that there will be any pushback . 
  merkel knows that if the 2015 situation repeats itself , she could lose the entire of eu . 
  have you seen the latest polls from pew ? 
  euroskepticism even in france is higher now than in the uk . 
  france !, 
  giving turkey schengen access ( in a phased way , mostly for professionals , for instance ) would be a small price to pay for her . 
  i heard cameron say that turkey wo n't join until the year 3000 . 
  the same guy who said a few years ago that he wants to `` pave the road from brussels to ankara '' . 
  then the same people wonder why they have no credibility . 
  i do n't quite follow the logic in this article . 
  the author states that the new law are all about controlling the opposition . 
  how is any of this news ? 
  when erdogan started to throw masses of journalists into prison a few years ago , what other confirmations did you need ? 
  i was chuckling when i read :  the president 's targeting of opposition parties has ** shattered any illusions ** that turkey is a western-style democracy did this man wake up yesterday ? 
  the turks are moving closer to visa freedom . 
  they are already being included more and more in eu decisions by the eu authorities steamrolling the cypriots ' objections . 
  erdogan knows he can pass almost any law at this point , there will barely be any reaction . 
  the armenian card has already been played . 
  i do n't think it was wise to rely on an external force to do this , even if that force was hospitable . 
  it is easier for australia because those tiny island-states are so much smaller in economic size . 
  turkey 's economy means it ca n't be bullied around in the same way and you add a prickly dictator and the recipe you get is an unstable ` solution ' which sooner or later will fall apart . 
  turkey may not need to formally join the eu , it can get a lot of benefits staying on the outside of it . 
  that 's what we 're seeing now . 
  would n't be surprising to me or anyone else if they got access to schengen down the line by a desperate europe . 
  what 's your point ? 
  you 're rambling . 
  postwar is a great book , but it has nothing to do with the current situation . 
  look at this chart . 
  http://beta.data.worldbank.org/indicator/sp.dyn.tfrt.in?locations=pl-ro you notice that something abruptly happens in 1989 ? 
  the transition to capitalist economies in eastern europe with the so-called ` shock doctrine ' was a failure , yes , even for poland . 
  it should have grown even faster than it did . 
  what 's more , it created mass unemployment and social devasation for over a decade across eastern europe . 
  it affected fertility a lot more . 
  during the communist era , things were terrible , but at least fertility held up . 
  that 's why i am saying you 're rambling . 
  the deterioation really started after communism , hence the transition period was a failure . 
  so , this has * nothing * to do with `` soviet imperialism '' . 
  nor has it anything to do with foreign aggression either . 
  fundamentally , the transition to modern economies contributed greatly to social devastation and this hindered fertility , but it is simply too easy to blame it all on that . 
  having kids is above all else a social decision , not an economic one . 
  economics matters , but it ca n't explain why highly religious people have lots of kids even after relative affluence . 
  why does much richer ireland have replacement-rate tfr while far poorer , catholic and supposedly `` pro-family '' italy has god-awful tfr ? 
  if richer people = less kids held true , then it would n't be the case . 
  why does dirt-poor vietnam has 1.8 in tfr while nigeria , with a similar gdp ( ppp ) per capita has over 5 ? 
  these materialist explanations hold zero water in the long run . 
  they can explain some things in the short-run . 
  blaming things on `` imperialism '' or `` foreign aggression '' is not just delusional . 
  it 's postively hilarious . 
  i do n't buy it . 
  poland is * much * richer today than it was in the 1980s , when it had over 2.1 children per woman . 
  everything you just said is just excuses . 
  materialist explanations are the last recourse for those who do n't want to look themselves in the mirror . 
  despite all the talk about `` pro-family '' poland , the reality is that most poles are too lazy to have kids . 
  i 'm not saying we are better !, 
  but at least we do n't pretend to be so pro-family , instead we just heavily subsidise childcare . 
  still , look at the secular israelis . 
  they average 2.5 children/woman and israel as a whole has 3 kids per woman ( the orthodox and the arabs raise the overall number ) . 
  secular israelis are much richer than modern-day poles , and at least ( if not more ) educated . 
  yet they have kids . 
  this is a cultural thing . 
  it is about social priorities . 
  people will always come up with excuses and explanations . 
  eastern europe has an emigration problem , yes , but most of its population decline is its own fault . 
   it 's sad that noone sticked together in the refugee crisis . 
  yes , but it did n't help that countries like my own said that there was no problem * literally days * before we did a u-turn on our open border policy , closed it and then proceeded to introduce mandatory id checks . 
  or that the austrian chancellor ( who since resigned ) went full godwin on eastern europe , only to team up with them to spite germany ( and that was before he closed the brenner pass ) . 
  point is , a lot of western european nations acted very schizophrenically during the crisis , and if you do that , you ca n't expect other people will take your words seriously when you yourself are changing your mind literally on the dime . 
  i still want a unified asylum policy . 
  i think we 've heard good ideas from cameron , for instance , on how we could go about it . 
  the british are a sensible lot , and their model could work a lot better than the german/swedish one . 
  but let 's not for one moment try to assume that there was a rational response from the we nations , who should have been leaders on this issue . 
  merkel 's refusal to listen to criticism did n't help either , instead she dramatically lectured people in moralistic tones instead of trying to sit down with them and listen to their concerns . 
  to be frank , i do n't think any of us can look ourselves in the mirror and say we did a good job last year . 
  it was a shit show all way ` round .
