  anyway , is n't australia is a much better country to live in than britain , ( which is no slouch either ) ? 
  it 's a richer country , it has better weather when you consider the entire year and australia 's dominant culture is already anglo-saxon . 
  what makes you stay , family ? 
  * no asterix used , you lose . 
  til , indeed . 
  you just won this thread , sir , 
  * nice that you agree with me . 
  i 'm assuming you are from eritrea . 
   i 'm only an australian when they 're beating england . 
   this was before terrorism in western countries was invented europe had boatloads of terrorism in the 70s , but it was mostly coming from the anarchist left/commies . 
  so it 's not true to say we did n't have terrorism before . 
  * overuse of that symbol, 
  right , but that works better when the new owners are genuine businessmen from western germany who have decades of experience in a highly competitive and transparent western economic system . 
  what happened in most of eastern europe was that the old apparatchiks just changed sides and became oligarchs and swooped up massively valuable businesses for pennies in firesales . 
  the economic planners of the shock doctrine should have foreseen that is what happens when half a century - or more , if you 're russia - comes to an end in an instant . 
  you have to have a backup plan if the old elite tries to enrich themselves . 
  east germany was lucky that they entered into a union with a developed western state , so the old elite was marginalised very quickly . 
  most other countries were not in that position . 
  folks , grey clouds is a luxury . 
  i 'm talking about shit turning dark , as in * real darkness * at 15.30 . 
  and then staying that way until 08.00 . 
  you do n't even see any sun during the workday and then on the weekend , you 're so tired of the constant darkness that you need to sleep and rest and you do n't go out then either in the sun . 
  that 's why all these swedes have bought cheap flats/houses in thailand and similar places . 
  it 's not even the warmth but actually seeing the sun for more than just a glimmer or a one-off day . 
  no wonder sweden has a high rate of depressed people . 
  do n't let him tar the rest of us !, 
   the graph is made up it seems to track the world bank data fairly well . 
  remember it is ppp-adjusted . 
  http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.pp.kd?locations=ro  how could it have been $ 10000/capita gdp per capita is a blunt tool to measure living standards . 
  vietnam and india have very similar levels of gdp per capita . 
  yet vietnam has a malnourishment rate of its children at 20 % , while india is at 40 % . 
  vietnam 's students do better than germany 's in pisa yet india placed 73/75 the last time - and only time - they participated , in 2009 . 
  point is , specific policies matter a great deal . 
  also , remember that ppp adjusts for poor living standards . 
  that 's why i prefer using nominal gdp per capita in * constant * prices ( current prices is terrible ) . 
  ppp has a lot of merits , but using constant prices for nominal clears out the exchange rate distortions . 
  using that kind of method , romania 's gdp was far lower than 10k , more like [ half that ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.kd?locations=ro ) during the 90s . 
   and involves the influence of the romanian orthodox church and of the nobility until the 1930s . 
  i 'd be interested in reading what you think on the topic , if you do n't mind . 
  your comment has * amazing * signal-to-noise ratio , thank you !, 
  just a question , how are you so knowledgable about this area ? 
  something you 've studied ? 
  family background ? 
  btw , thanks for providing me with that ppp per capita link . 
  neither the world bank 's data tool nor the imf 's data tool show data before 1995 , but that link does . 
  it says the source is the world bank , but here is their ppp chart : http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.pp.kd?locations=rs-ro as you can see , it starts in 1995 for serbia . 
  yet your link gives a further view to 1990 , where serbia appeared to be wealthier than romania in 1990 and as you said , they still have n't recovered that territory until this day . 
  given the numbers in your link , they seem to be using constant 2011 prices since the current prices are giving higher gdp per capita . 
  good point . 
  i was just talking about material standard . 
  qol is more than gdp per capita , but i ca n't find those things you speak of in a statistical database , so i 'll have to rely on your personal knowledge , via your dad , 
   mass deportation based on ethnicity , no it 's based on illegal status . 
  so that 's a lie . 
  but let 's even assume you 're right . 
  let 's assume they want mass deportations on ethnicity . 
  that is still not even close to condoning stoning by death or approving of suicide attacks `` in defence of islam '' . 
  when they start talking about killing non-white people for the crime of being brown , or killing leftists for `` not being patriotic enough '' and `` in defence of america '' , then - and * only then * - can you get back to me and make your relativistic arguments . 
  i 've looked at both the world bank and the imf for data on serbia , but it only starts in mid-90s ( which is logical ) . 
  i 've tried to look for yugoslavia for old historical data but no such luck so far . 
  that being said , you had a healthy lead already by the mid-90s . 
  http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.kd?end=2015&amp;locations=ro-rs&amp;start=1990 its hard to say how much the war affected serbia , but i doubt they were above you by the time the wall fell , probably equal at best . 
  i knew someone was going to invoke poland at some stage in this debate . 
  here is their gdp per capita during the period , compared with korea : http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.kd?end=2000&amp;locations=pl-kr&amp;start=1990 korea had a far higher starting point and also had the 97 asian financial crisis to contend with . 
  yet their per capita growth average during the period was far better than poland . 
  poland on the other hand , had 10 years of a fast-moving world economy in the 1990s with very supportive mass investment from western companies . 
  they also started at a much lower level . 
  poland 's performance is not by any standard exceptional or good . 
  it is only paraded as a `` success '' because the rest of eastern europe was such an unmitigated disaster , like russia or ukraine : http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.kd?end=2000&amp;locations=ua-ru&amp;start=1990 yet if russia , for instance , which followed the shock doctrine more than any other economy in eastern europe , failed so miserably , does that mean the doctrine is good ? 
  poland 's performance is the outlier in eastern europe post-shock doctrine . 
  and even , when judged against a far better/more representative case of successful developing countries , it is no more than decent at best . 
  certainly far worse than korea or ireland , even if those countries already had far higher rates of growth despite being at higher income levels . 
  nor did it do better than malaysia or a number of other countries . 
  poland is a terrible example for the shock doctrine because when viewed in a global context it is not even close to leading the pack , and for every poland , you have to contend with scores of failures visavis the shock doctrine . 
  his crimes against the beautiful bucharest architecture is enough to warrant his punishment . 
   yugoslavian miracle was n't that mostly croatia and slovenia ? 
  if you look at the former yugoslavia today , the other countries are very poor . 
  are you sure ? 
  a pro-nazi swimfest getting into trouble of approval ? 
  that is unheard of . 
   only ends up in yelling matches . 
  well , slurring entire northern europe was inevitably going to lead to a shitfest , so i do n't think he can act surprised/shocked that people hit back . 
  if you dish it out , you have to learn to take it . 
  nevertheless , the word of the moderator is golden and i 'll keep your words in mind , 
  it 's easy to sit here and armchair an armed conflict . 
  even if they had first-class generals , they are stil facing one of the best equipped and best trained military forces on the planet . 
  and they are facing a country that has a gdp per capita over 5x of what they have with over 3x their population . 
  even in the best of conditions , ukraine was toast . 
  i never called * him * a retard , only his * comment * . 
  everyone says retarded stuff from time to time , it only makes us human , 
  gdp per capita improved by only 2x from 1862 until the dawn of wwii ? 
  why was romania lagging so badly ? 
  also , the post-cold war performance was fairly disastrous , like that of many eastern european states . 
  it 's time we left the false rhetoric of supposed `` success '' behind . 
  a far better doctrine would have been gradual liberalisation , \u00e1 la korea , instead of the shock doctrine . 
  pretty sure that the french state would have a few words if you decided to rent a swimming pool and have a pro-nazi swimfest with the assorted symbols everywhere . 
   revendications english already has far too many loanwords from french , please calm down . 
  let 's not pretend that syriza is even * nearly * as bad as golden dawn . 
  they are socialists , but not commies . 
  they are not talking about the dictatorship of the proletariat or the abolishment of democratic freedoms . 
  and i happen to agree with most of their economic analysis .
