  unlike in france , sweden 's employment market is incredibly strong . 
  our employment rate is highest in the eu , even higher than it is in germany . 
  they are simply using the latest crisis to push an old agenda . 
  nothing new here . 
  they will likely fail for the same reason why they have failed so far : there is no deep-seated jobs crisis in sweden . 
  our labor markets are the strongest in europe . 
  plus , asylum applications have fallen like a rock in this year , add to that that the government will deport up to 80k of those who came last year . 
  we should also be cognisant that sweden 's public finances are world class . 
  if i sound dismissive , then that 's because i am . 
  i heard the * exact same voices * saying the * exact same things * in the wake of the gfc . 
  the point is that they will tailor any new events in the world economy to push their agenda . 
  once you look at the fundamentals of the swedish economy , employment or [ net debt ] ( https://i.sli.mg/ztsvc0.png ) [ 1 ] , you realise that there is n't any problem at all , and if anything , sweden 's relative position has * improved * . 
  [ 1 ] yes , you read that one right . 
  sweden has ** negative ** net debt , meaning the state owes itself more money than the outside world . 
  the only other countries who have this tend to be oil exporters like norway . 
  that sweden has this without any major fossil fuel exports is remarkable . 
  our public finances are shockingly good . 
  but remember , we 're on the verge of bankruptcy , right ? 
  no , that is ignorant . 
  a civilisation has a choice whether it will learn from another or not . 
  an incurious civilisation will do nothing at best , or be destructive at worst . 
  look at what isis are doing to old civilisational remnants in syria , particularly palmyra . 
  the arab-islamic philosophers were not only keeping the knowledge of the ancient greeks alive , they in many cases greatly added to that knowledge , especially in areas like mathematics and astronomy . 
  if europe was so filled with civilisational zeitgeist , how come europe was so quick to denigrate and forget the intellectual heritage of the ancient greeks and romans ? 
  europe did n't build roads which rivalled those of the roman empire for a thousand years . 
  what is that , if not purposeful intellectual decline ? 
  building great infrastructure and great architecture , is a sign of a intellectually vibrant civilisation . 
  if you ca n't surpass those who lived before you after 1000 years what are you if not a pygmy of a culture ? 
  that 's why the islamic scholars called europeans barbarians in the middle ages , and for good reasons , we were . 
  the point is that the fates of civilisations change with time and with age . 
  we are in a moment of history where the islamic world is at a relative nadir . 
  the christian west is still fairly strong , but it is fading in relative terms to the confucian east and , to a lesser extent , to the hindu/buddhist india . 
  if there is one fundamental mistake one could make , then it is to arrogantly assume that ones gains will be irreversible , or that ones position in the world will be cemented . 
  history has shown us time and again how easily civilisations and cultures shift positions . 
  it would be utmost foolish to take a snapshot of our time and lazily project out the same pattern centuries , or even decades , ahead . 
  the west has nothing to be complacent of , nor can it count that the islamic world will be in intellectual decline forever . 
  there will be a shift at some point or another , as has been the case in history over and over again , involving all major cultures and civilisations . 
  i 'm as pro-evolution as they come , but look at the huge support for creationism in america . 
  american christian evangelicals get a bad rep from the secular left , but it 's silly to say that they are violence-prone or fundamentalist on a scale that is true of many islamists . 
  so , to sum up , i do n't think teaching evolution in of itself is the panacea here . 
  it would help , but only marginally . 
  respect for liberal values is whats really missing . 
  and while te is correct that the arab world has to deal with its own failures , we should n't forget that america overthrew a lot of secular dictators in favor of islamist rebels just because those dictators were pro-soviet ( see egypt , iran etc ) . 
  you had the same story in afghanistan . 
  so yes , responsibility must be assigned fairly , but the west should n't be too quick to pat itself on the back either . 
  the israelis do n't have to worry . 
  germany will continue to sell them world-class subs at massively discounted prices because german oppression of jews 70 years ago clearly justifies israeli oppression of palestinians today . 
  and anyway , since we all know that iran is the 2nd coming of nazi germany , they need all the subs they can get . 
  let 's ignore that they have treated [ syrian jihadists in their hospitals ] ( http://www.jpost.com/middle-east/report-israel-treating-al-qaida-fighters-wounded-in-syria-civil-war-393862 ) . 
  it is n't helped by the fact that a * lot * of israelis keep 2nd european passports `` just in case '' . 
  or that moshe ya'alon , the former head of the idf , [ quit the government in disgust ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2016/05/out-with-the-old-in-with-the-new-in-israel/483647/ ) over what he called creeping fascism . 
  in previous days , one of idf 's top generals compared israel to 1930s germany . 
  the new defence minister has vowed that anyone who is n't `` loyal '' ( read : in uncritical support at all times ) of the state should be stripped of citizenship . 
  he has gone further and called for executing `` disloyal arabs '' by chopping their heads off . 
  who needs isis when you have avigdor lieberman ? 
  the context here is an idf soldier which shot and executed a detained and unarmed palestinian citizen in cold blood , all captured on film . 
  instead of being shunned , he got a hero 's welcome by israel 's citizens and even a personal phone call from the pm . 
  [ more context for those who are interested ] ( http://mondoweiss.net/2016/05/azarya-king-israel/ ) israeli leaders used to worry about israel `` not fitting in to the region '' , being too western and never quite adapting to its environment . 
  i do n't think they have to worry much anymore . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  if the eu is serious about moving to an ` ever closer union ' , it means that it should protect all of its members . 
  otherwise , brexit would just lead to a drastically smaller eu . 
  it would please isolationists like r/bosgeus , but it would signal the death of the eu as an umbrella for all of europe . 
  additionally , it would force the ee nations , especially the baltics , much closer to america and that would mean more concessions for the americans . 
  it would mean major european nations would be even * less * influential in their own continent . 
  i 'm never surprised by the lack of solidarity among western europeans these days . 
  frankly , disgusted . 
  and you wonder why the eu ca n't defend itself in the other thread . 
  yeah , guess what . 
  your anti-ee attitude , which is prevalent in a lot of we nations , is the # 1 reason . 
  the ee nations ca n't trust the western european nations because of that widespread attitude . 
  so they will trust america instead , and europe will continue not having a unified defence policy . 
  let 's cut the crap , bosgeus . 
  the mask has dropped . 
  france could move to such low unemployment , but you should also add the reason why the uk has done so well . 
  it has had negative wage growth while france has had positive wage growth since the recession . 
  the uk has also seen a negative productivity path , which has allowed its companies to hire more workers . 
  additionally , the uk recovery has largely been about two things : construction of houses and consumption , not industrial production or exports . 
  the household consumption has largely been financed by household savings , which is unsustainable , hence why you 're now slowing down . 
  you also have a much higher current account deficit than france , a sign of a less competitive economy . 
  there are many things which can and should be improved in france , but the uk is not nearly as strong an economy as sometimes claimed in the british debate . 
   vicious circle of militarisation that 's an interesting way of putting it . 
  it makes it sound as it this hostility happened by accident , the parties stumbled into it , and russia is a victim of an uncontrollable cycle of violence . 
  honestly , did not think tsipras would grovel this much . 
  what a ` radical ' . 
  it should be noted that this missile shield is not the same which obama nixed in late 2009 . 
  it is a smaller variant , which is not as powerful . 
   there 's just a thousand and one reasons why that army would n't function . 
  there is just one . 
  the primary reason why europe ca n't defend itself is because of a lack of solidarity . 
  it 's that simple . 
  germany does n't even want to defend poland , it 's neighbour . 
  does france want to defend the baltics ? 
  the uk could exit the eu all together within the next month . 
  on all other issues , there are no problems . 
  if there 's a will , there 's a way . 
  france has always been more protective of its culture than other european nations . 
  i do n't see why this is a problem . 
  additionally , i do n't see why american culture should be so global . 
  china and india both recognise the need for their own it companies and their own culture .
