  i 'm more interested in the metapolitical space than mere parliamentarism . 
  in a sense , the idiocy of the european elites is the greatest gift ever to white nationalists - and i speak as one myself . 
  if eu elites understood what you just outlined , recruitment for us would be a disaster . 
  instead they seem to be operating under a simplistic fantasy that tells them that they have a magical machine in which you can put in any kind of person and out pops a white secular european !, 
  there 's also a disastrious lack of understanding that * culture matters * . 
  it 's not that enough that they have jobs . 
  they have to assimilate to our values , especially on women 's rights , gays , free speech ( which includes criticising religion , like islam ) and so on . 
  these values are the cornerstone of our societies so that 's why i always laugh a little when i hear eu elites only talking about joblessness etc. 
  had they understood that you need people who can integrate both economically * and * culturally , white nationalism would have been finished . 
  now they are doing our job for us . 
  your arguments have been used as justification for what has been happening for the last 50 years . 
  they 've been a disaster . 
  but apparently some people ca n't stop being stupid ( sorry , not sorry ) . 
  many would go to europe if the incentives were there , but there are n't . 
  this is compounded by the fact that you can get by pretty well by just english in most societies for the first few years . 
  i 'm of course not counting the uk in this group . 
  because of the english language , they are in a league of their own . 
  they do n't need any incentives . 
  and our politicians are just like merkel except that merkel seems to be flailing in the wind , wherever the wind is blowing . 
  ours do n't . 
  the nationalist party keeps rising and they are amazingly unresponsive in return . 
  really , sweden will be the last place in europe to be liberated from this madness . 
  but as a result of that , our nationalists will be some of the most hardliner types in western europe . 
  think of sweden as the new york of europe : if you can make it here , you can make it anywhere . 
  your energy in engaging a bigot is impressive . 
  but honestly you 're wasting your time on a puddle of mud . 
   what race are poles , specifically ? 
  oh , you mean ... they 're the same race as the european majority ? 
  so it 's okay for africans to be racially slurring nigerians because they are black like most africans . 
  or a jew to be an anti-semite ( hello bobby fischer ! ) . 
  do you see the idiocy of your logic now ? 
  you probably do , but your identy as `` anti-racist '' is so deep that you ca n't fathom your own bigotry . 
  it 's also hilarious to see you write like a conservative when you write things like `` social justice sheriff '' . 
  it 's funny how racists do n't really differ that much , even if some identify as `` progressive '' . 
   i really do n't understand you 're not supposed to be using your brain . 
  * that 's the point * . 
  you 're not being smart by willfully ignoring a larger point he made and purposefully misrepresenting his words . 
  you 're just being stupid . 
  `` like a paintable mohammed '' , was the immortal comment someone made here a fortnight ago . 
   how the hell merkel thought it would turn out well is beyond me . 
  at this stage i do n't think she gives two shits . 
  she has a total hegemonic position in germoney 's political system . 
  the so-called `` right-wing rises '' is a joke of a meme . 
  merkel 's parties are still stronk . 
  there is literally nobody on the horizon to challenge her . 
  the media are like poodles . 
  even the opposition are in bed with her . 
  in such an environment , you do n't think about stuff backfiring . 
  because you know , even if they do , there 's no real political price to pay for that ( domestically ) . 
  and all merkel had to do is to fire her migration minister and let him be the fall guy . 
  she moves on and germoney 's population give her a pass , as usual . 
  now , the real fallout will be in foreign matters , specifically in eastern europe . 
  but she is n't responsible to the voters in those countries , even though she is an ardent federalist . 
  i 've said from the start : merkel 's asylum legacy could be the breakup of european cohesion ; she chose arab asylum seekers over eastern europeans and history will judge her harshly for that . 
  be careful what you `` wish '' for . 
  if germoney passes this , sweden with its moral hysteria will decide that it must take over the mantle of the moral superpower away from germoney . 
  and is n't it easier to take in people already in europe , especially when they are so close ? 
  the question now is n't if sd gets most votes in the next election , but by what margin . 
  let 's get real , the issue is n't albanians or kosovoians ( spelling ? ) . 
  we have plenty of people from the balkans in sweden . 
  they 've done just fine in our society . 
  yes , they are safe countries but since most of the arab wave are non-syrian economic migrants , how are they different ? 
  if you 're going with economic migrants , why not take in poor people from the balkans instead of people from a radically reactionary cultural milieu ? 
  it 's like the british debate . 
  demonising eastern europeans even if the point was always non-eu ( read : muslim ) immigration . 
  that 's what the rotherham child rape scandal was about , that 's what east london and bradford are about . 
  but no british pol can stand up and say , enough with the pakis . 
  but they can stand up and say , enough with the poles ( but let 's actually attack paki immigration ) . 
   completely sane !, 
  actually , yes . 
  think about european immigration to america . 
  that was also an invasion . 
  people have got to understand that immigration is n't always a benefit in all situations . 
  it depends on how many and , crucially , * from what part of the world * . 
  if europe had only taken in east asians i do n't think we 'd even have someone like wilders in parliament . 
  but now that ship has sailed as china , the last country in east asia capable of providing immigrants , has a sub-1 .6 tfr and a falling working-age population . 
  vietnam 's not far behind . 
  good work , romania , good work . 
  this is the kind of stuff that makes me a supporter of eu . 
  this is what the eu was supposed to be about , not forcing 3rd world immigration on other nations . 
  let 's see if merkel can not fuck that up . 
  that 's awfully naive of you . 
  quite touching . 
  remember d\u00d6 ? 
  remember saltsj\u00f6badsavtalet ? 
  what makes you think the future will be any different when it comes to mainstream parties ? 
  in the end , the only thing forcing change will be the nationalist party/parties getting 51 % . 
  if they ever get there . 
  that 's a racial slur , in the same way some white racists ridicule mexicans in the u.s. 
  but the hilarious part is that you probably identify as a progressive , given your post history at / r/shitwehraboossay / . 
  laughing at poor white people is never controversial in those sectors . 
  like attacking the white working class in the u.s. as rednecks , hillbillies , trailer trash etc. 
  but my * god * if anyone attacked poor black people as ghetto trash . 
  then it 's racism . 
  you 're trying to trash-talk sweden in order to make clear that it ai n't no paradise . 
  no country is a paradise but sweden is a great country . 
  every large survey of swedes also show that they themselves think so , except for a small grumpy minority that you belong to . 
  and yes , my points do contradict your ranting . 
  like saying we have difficulty creating jobs . 
  actually our employment-to-population ratio is the highest in the oecd ( a better indicator of jobs than unemployment rate ) .
