  so far this kind of violence has not been increasing very rapidly in sweden against foreigners , although we had our share of asylum center burnings last year . 
  depressing . 
  go further . 
  there 's no reason to have a car in most modern cities with a well-developed public transit system , especially one like paris with its legendary metro . 
  if there are further needs in terms of buses or metro stations , then invest in those to build it out even more . 
  paris also has a relatively mild climate , so winter problems with snow etc are far less of an issue than in , say , the nordic countries . 
  i guess evs would be better , but even evs pollute ( the tires ) . 
  why not make a lot of bicycle paths all over the city ? 
  this car fetish is unhealthy and unnecessary . 
  people are too inactive as it is . 
  the average car journey in most cities in america was something like 3 km iirc , and american cities as a general rule tend to have less built-out public transit transportation systems than in europe . 
  it 's long past time to stop dithering and start pushing public transport not as * a * solution but as * the * solution to inner-city transportation . 
   could n't help be be fascinated  gray communist era structures well , there 's someone for anything , i guess . 
  i can also safely assure you that your love of grey commie blocks is probably extremely unrepresentative . 
  i further guess you probably already know that . 
   i 'm not a beach person anyway bless your soul . 
  we need more people like that . 
  getting skin cancer is very glorified for all the wrong reasons . 
  i know that everyone loves a chance to pile on johnson , but please . 
  boris is acting on behalf of may , who is trying to get excemptions to the ffs in order to get access to the single market . 
  it is unlikely to succeed but she is trying - as she should . 
  sch\u00e4uble knows this , too , yet he can not resist to play stupid and pass up a chance to melodramatically lecture johnson . 
  as an arch-federalist , it 's easy to see the schadenfreude that he must feel over attacking the person perhaps most responsible for brexit . 
  but we should n't pretend both men do n't know what they 're doing . 
  i get that boris is public enemy # 1 in / r/europe but this is silly . 
  context , folks . 
  the argument that `` well those other cities have shit areas too '' is n't compelling . 
  brussels is n't an attractive city . 
  a city is more than its architecture . 
  let 's get real , it 's a concrete jungle . 
  the old town is tiny . 
  it has nothing on budapest or prague and the old paintings of warsaw show that it was just as beautiful , maybe even more . 
  on the other hand , given the tourism invasion of cities like prague , having a lot of commie blocks might even be a blessing in disguise . 
  i 've heard from some people in amsterdam that there are areas there where people do n't even talk dutch anymore , it 's all english due to all the expats . 
  you walk into a shop , they ca n't speak dutch . 
  you order a beer , they ca n't speak dutch . 
  of course then there 's [ barcelona ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdxcfchrpmi ) . 
  do n't worry , he acts like one . 
  we saw these same explanations from a lot of people in the wake of the attacks against poles , too . 
  it was just chavs/cunts , we were told , nothing racial . 
  we saw how long that lasted . 
  it 's possible this time is different . 
  it 's also possible it is n't . 
  francisco franco died more than four decades ago but the censorship imposed by the spanish dictator lives on in dozens of works by writers such as ernest hemingway , george orwell , james baldwin and ian fleming . 
  according to new research , modern classics that were censored at the time of the dictatorship are still available in spain only in the version approved by franco 's regime . 
  in many cases , that means they appear without references to the spanish civil war or to franco himself , and are stripped of phrases and passages deemed too sexually explicit , critical of the church or immoral by the standards of the regime at the time . 
  some spanish translations appear with whole pages from the original simply cut out . 
  james bond , the womanising spy at the heart of ian fleming 's fiction series , suffered particularly gravely at the hands of franco 's censors . 
  many of his graphic sexual exploits -- in books such as dr no and thunderball -- are missing from the spanish versions of the books even today . 
  in the case of hemingway 's across the river and into the trees , even recent spanish editions include a string of changes made by the censors . 
  a reference to `` lesbians '' in the original text translates as `` good friends '' in the current spanish hardback edition . 
  a reference to `` general fat ass franco '' in the english text appears as the unspecific `` general asno gordo '' ( or fat donkey ) in the latest paperback version from 2001 . 
  coarse language and hemingwayesque insults such as `` son of a bitch '' are toned down throughout the text . 
  `` this is a legacy of the franco regime that is somehow invisible . 
  it is there but readers do n't know about it , '' said jordi cornella , a lecturer in hispanic studies at glasgow university . 
  `` censorship disappeared after franco -- but not the effect of the censors . '' a reference to `` general fat ass franco '' [ in hemingway 's across the river and into the trees ] appears as the unspecific `` general asno gordo '' ( or fat donkey ) in the latest paperback version from 2001 . 
  mr cornella first realised that current spanish editions continued to be laced with such bowdlerisation while analysing the translation of bond novels . 
  `` the last chapter of dr no was totally distorted because they took out a couple of pages with sexual references . 
  i thought this must be a mistake but then i started researching and found other examples , '' he said . 
  `` the problem now is that these versions appear even in ebooks , so you can say that censorship is still alive and well in spain . '' mr cornella says he has so far documented censorship in dozens of books , in multiple post-franco editions , from george orwell 's burmese days and james baldwin 's another country to ira levin 's rosemary 's baby . 
  works by john dos passos , muriel spark and dashiell hammett are also affected . 
  according to mr cornella , publishers are often not even aware their books are compromised . 
  `` this has nothing to do with ideology . 
  it happens either because of financial reasons or because they simply do n't know that the text they have has been censored , '' he said . 
  a spokeswoman for planeta , which published the most recent editions of across the river and into the trees , said the group had been unaware of the censorship changes at the time of publication , adding that it no longer held the rights to the work . 
  `` with this new information , any self-respecting publisher will be delighted to issue a new version , '' she said , adding that planeta had recently released new censorship-free editions of works by writers such as carlos fuentes and juan mars\u00e9 . 
  franco 's rule over spain lasted from the end of the civil war in 1939 until his death in 1975 . 
  over that period , close to 500,000 books were published in spain , all of which had to pass the censors . 
  according to mr cornella , it is unclear how many of these works were in fact cut or changed , and how many of these changes are still in use in contemporary editions . 
  spanish democracy has long passed its infancy , but , as mr cornella remarks , `` books have a very long life '' . 
  this is n't necessarily bad . 
  the derivates market is one giant buzzsaw of trouble . 
  some people claim to be able to understand it to regulate it . 
  they 're lying to you . 
  warren buffet called them weapons of financial mass destruction . 
  at any rate , it is good for the uk to re-balance its economy from being so heavily biased towards financial services . 
  osborne talked loosely about going for more manufacturing but he was always too wedded to the old financial elites to really move the needle . 
  may has been much more interesting , endorsing the kind of worker-industrial nexus that germany and the nordics are famous for , like mandating workers ' representatives on company boards of directors . 
  something which the previous ( pre-corbyn ) labour manifesto deemed as too radical , has now been adopted by the conservatives . 
  interesting times indeed . 
  i , for one , hope that the brits have the guts to follow through . 
  london will always be an important financial center , but it would do good to the british economy to diversify . 
  it would also de-risk it in case of a recession , as having large amounts of massive banks in your economy means you are more vulnerable . 
  you 're missing the point i was making . 
  i 'm not saying sweden is pioneering crispr-cas9 , i 'm saying it is willing to go where others are not willing to go , in the name of progress . 
  that 's why we pioneered the racial-eugenics institute , because racial eugenics was all the rage 100 years ago . 
  it was also somewhat controversial back then . 
  talking loosely of racial genetic differences in research papers is one thing , actually setting up a dedicated research institute and bringing in people from all over europe to study is quite another . 
  i drew the comparison to swedes being very quick on trends overall . 
  whether those trends are social or technological is immaterial , it 's the principle that counts . 
  i was putting this decision in context of our national culture . 
  calculated bs to siphon off votes from wilders . 
  after election , back to status quo . 
  fyi , sweden has had a long history of being willing to experiment with genetics . 
  uppsala university had the world 's first racial-biological institute . 
  today the building has been re-christened and most people are not aware of its history . 
  it is n't like we are nefarious , it 's just that we are often at the frontiers of science and willing to experiment . 
  sweden was famous among american consumer companies in the 50s for being extremely quick to adopt new technological trends . 
  we did n't have any traditional culture to speak of and just took to adopting new stuff very quickly . 
  it 's the same with internet usage , we went all in very early on when a lot of people still doubted it in the early 90s .
