  but you also have to think of it this way : precisely * because * there were so many inefficiencies , growth catch-up for poland should have been way faster if reforming the system truly was optimal . 
  i 'm making the case that while communism was an atrocious system , the neoliberal shock doctrine was mediocre at best . 
  43 % total growth in per capita gdp , with poland 's low starting position * and * in a permissive global environment is mediocre no matter how you slice it . 
  also , given that the mood was for massive reform , poland 's welfare system could have been reformed as well . 
  instead it got the worst of both worlds : a sagging welfare sector * and * mass unemployment which significantly deterioated its public finances . 
  neither was inevitable , even if neoliberal economists often want to excuse themselves ( and their track record ) by claiming that . 
   unique challenges here we disagree . 
  in my view , china 's challenges were far greater than poland 's when both started their reform process and poland had immediate access to western markets right next door in a way that china did not . 
  sure , it had korea and japan , but korea was still poor and japan was mostly focused on serving western markets . 
  wheras poland had country after country of wealthy european states as neighbours or in their vincinity . 
  it had large eductional institutions in the area to send their brightest for a low cost , whereas china had to send their top students half around the world , learning a language which is far harder to master for a mandarin speaker than english is for someone speaking polish . 
  korea also had similar challenges to china , plus it had been ravaged by a massive war and it had a genocidal regime on its border , none of which poland had to contend with in 1990 . 
  as i 've already mentioned , by the 1990s , us aid no longer played a part in korean performance . 
  so that card ca n't be played . 
  i could go on , but i think i 've made my threepence clear in return . 
  american english for the young , and british english for the older . 
  that is partly a relic of the fact that the english teachers of our parents all went to england to be trained . 
  wheras most people today learn english not via their school but by downloading tv series off the internet and listening to music . 
  that is just because of pop culture is american-accentuated , not because america is more liked . 
  if most swedes had to make a choice , most would choose britain to live in . 
   south korea was not subject to a communism-to-capitalism transition . 
  sk 's economy in the 50s was incredibly closed and while it was officially allied with america , its economic system was far closer to the soviet union 's than to its principal ally . 
   they benefited from an us aid package similar to marshall plan , just like britain , france and west germany . 
  yes , but this aid package did most of its work in the 50s , 60s and 70s . 
  by the time the 1980s rolled around , their economic indepdence from america was far greater . 
  by 1990s , which is where i am starting from in my comparison , u.s. aid played virtually little to no significant role , whatsoever . 
  so it is n't a valid argument from 1990 onwards . 
  plenty of countries have received us aid but failed to do anything about it . 
  case in point : egypt . 
   jeffrey sachs sachs was one of the architects of the shock doctrine . 
  he is the * last * person to discuss it objectively . 
  his entire legacy is one the line . 
   seeing how poland 's shock therapy almost ** tripled the gdp per capita in the 90s ** * say what * ? 
  http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.kd?end=2000&amp;locations=pl&amp;start=1990 it increased from 6k in constant prices to 8.6 . 
  that is a meager 43 % over the entire decade . 
  that 's why i said : poland 's performance has not been amazing any standard . 
  only when compared to most of the rest of ee , which did terribly in the 90s , can it be painted as a `` success '' . 
  but that is misleading . 
  when compared to a worldwide array of developing countries , the so-called ` shock doctrine ' was mediocre at best and created mass unemployment . 
  poland should have followed korea 's example of state-led development and gradual liberalisation over time . 
  germany did the same thing when it began to catch up with the uk . 
   south korea and ireland do n't have deal with hyperinflation , bankruptcy , lack of human resources south korea had all of those things during the rise to developed country . 
  china not only had hyperinflation but mass genocide in the 60s . 
  it is n't an excuse . 
  i 'm not blaming poland here . 
  you did well given the constraits of a fundamentally flawed framework , but let 's not pretend it was an economic miracle . 
   whole region are also political unstable , corrupted and have lot 's of social problems to be more successful regardless of the economic doctrine again , same could have been said of north east asia at the time of japan 's liftoff . 
  when korea started to industrialise in the 60s , the whole region was basically without democracies except for the quasi-one in japan ( one party state in essence ) . 
  mine is better during summers but far worse during winter . 
  ( i know australia have summers when we have winters , but you get my point ) . 
  if i ever had to move out of the country , australia would be on my top3 list , i think . 
  i 'd consider the uk as well , as its climate is pitch-perfect for a scandinavian and english is taught to us at such an early age that we are near-fluent in it by the time we reach adulthood . 
  that 's why anglo nations are easier to immigrate to than other germanic nations like nl , germany , austria , switzerland ( the german part ) for us . 
   shame i 'm so shit at languages or i 'd be considering living in a tour of europes best , but it 's just poor form to work in a place and not speak the language even if you technically just about could as an english speaker . 
  the burden of being a native speaker of the world 's most important language , 
  interesting stuff , i can see myself making similar arguments if i were in your position . 
  plus points for putting an extra weight on architecture  i 've heard some australians complain they `` do n't have any culture '' or whatnot . 
  i 've always found that sentiment odd , but i guess they refer to centuries and millenia of history . 
  also , i 'm assuming you have citizenship in oz already ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but do n't british citizens get an easier time getting citizenship there ? 
  for instance in norway , it would just take me 2 years to become a citizen as a swede , whereas for most others its 5 minimum . 
  ppp does n't say anything about * availability * , only what the relative price is of various goods given income levels . 
  hence my point with india and vietnam . 
  both are ranked the same on a gdp per capita basis , indeed india is even a smidgen ahead of vietnam , yet vietnam has 2x lower malnourishment rates and its students are doing great on pisa scores . 
  gdp per capita is not the end-all-be-all measurement . 
  i 've heard this line of argument a lot , but i think it is useful to dive into the details regardless . 
   received aid from us true , but most of that aid was concentrated during the early years . 
  by the early 90s , korea 's aid from the us played a far lower role . 
   close to booming japan by 1990 , japan was n't growing that fast . 
  the decade that followed , japan was in stagnation . 
  yet korea boomed incredibly fast in the 1990s . 
  from the 2000s , china helped a lot , but during the 1990s , its economy was still too small to make a significant difference . 
  also , during those years , china was so poor so that china/korea trade was far less significant than today . 
  a point more generally about geographic proximity : this is not a guarantee of growth . 
  look at the divergent paths of romania and slovakia in the post-cold war period . 
  compare the relative stagnation of the philippines with the advance of malaysia , despite both being in sea . 
  geography matters , yes , but national policies matter a lot more . 
  think about why north africa is so poor , despite the incredibly close distance to rich europe ? 
   and korea successfully found a good niche for its industry , hard to tell any country to just `` go be successful '' . 
  korea did not `` find '' a niche . 
  it * created * a successful economy . 
  and that economy is not built on a niche . 
  in fact , the recipe for industralisation has mostly been the same for centuries . 
  what we call today the `` east asian model '' is what leading european countries like germany followed in the 1800s . 
  it is the model that the u.s. used to catch-up to western europe . 
  it is what the uk used to gain an edge in the first place . 
  korea merely followed the same script other leading economies have used . 
  now china has done the same the last 3 decades . 
   just saying that korea and taiwan ( and before that japan ) are very special for good reason disagree , and i think my text above lays out why . 
  they are not special , they are following the same development model that has been used by most leading economies for centuries . 
  the only exceptions are those of saudi arabia which are built on fossil fuels . 
  agreed . 
  i 'd be in favour of taking in a lot of these refugees , but people become cynical when a lot of economic migrants get mixed in . 
  folks like him suffer as a consequence . 
  it 's horrendous . 
  trading economics tend to use good sources . 
  i was just surprised that their chart showed the pre-95 years while citing the world bank , but the wb 's own data repository did not . 
   just a casual interest you must be a very curious/interested dude . 
  most people grow out of it when they are kids . 
   i 'd move back back am i missing something or is this a typo ?
