  i think it is less that and more that he has had a better record economically than the previous turkish junta during the 90s . 
  turkey economically stagnated then . 
  a lot of these akp diaspora people have family back home who have had it better economically speaking thanks to akp . 
  also , do n't underestimate the power of culture . 
  turkey was never as secular as people make it out to be . 
  the elites , yes , but the teeming masses were always religious . 
  akp merely unleashed them . 
  this irrational impulse is * exactly * why governments sing the mantra '' * never waste the opportunity of a crisis * '' . 
  people will accept almost all kinds of limitations , most of whom does not make their lives safer or better in any way . 
  turkey has nato nukes stationed in their military bases and the second largest standing army in the alliance , which it was a founding member of . 
  it 's not a country which is easily disassociated with . 
  secular turkey still account for 30-35 % , depending where you draw the line . 
  one third of the nation will not flee . 
  there has to be a realistic gameplan for what comes next for these people . 
   the secular camp is divided : kemalists , leftists ( kurds and turks ) and very few nationalists . 
  the kemalists are divided further among nationalist kemalists and socialdemocrat kemalists . 
  nationalists and nationalist kemalists would never fight hand in hand with leftists . 
  you just gave a good summary of why any civil war would be a blood bath . 
  the secularists are too few to matter as it stands and even then they are deeply divided among themselves . 
  really , all hope rests within the army but since the coup was either a ) horribly inept or b ) staged/false flag , that hope does n't seem realistic either . 
  at this stage , the only realistic option would be overt outside intervention ; an assassination of erdogan , basically , and a * serious * putsch right after with the secular leadership ( whatever is left ) given immediate power . 
  however after nearly 15 years of increasingly islamist rule , this would likely provoke a serious and prolonged civil war , one which would be very bloody ( and the kurds would take advantage of it ) . 
  either way , turkey 's current future path looks incredibly conflicted and violent . 
  indeed , the 3 % reference was a ( playful ) nod to it . 
  source , more info ? 
  it should also be added that not all of the people who came last year were even eligble to seek employment , so it is n't quite as bad as the opening paragraph makes it . 
  still , the fundamental economic challenge and the issue of the skills mismatch remains a challenge . 
  about 1m migrants arrived in germany last year , about a third of them refugees from syria . 
  angela merkel 's government has made it a priority to integrate them into the german labour market as quickly as possible . 
  but despite the large number of vacancies in the german jobs market -- 665,000 in june -- it has proven harder than expected to recruit the refugees into the workforce . 
  a survey by the frankfurter allgemeine newspaper of the top 30 german companies found that they had together employed just 54 refugees . 
  fifty of them were hired by one company , deutsche post . 
  in his letter , sigmar gabriel , economics minister and leader of the centre-left social democrats , said the smaller enterprises that make up germany 's mittelstand had been building bridges to enable refugees to enter the labour market . 
  `` but without the flagships of the german economy , without you , the bridge is not yet complete , '' he wrote . 
  `` show that the biggest companies in this country are not only the best at revenues and profits ... but also when it comes to integrating [ refugees ] . '' a spokesman for bayer , the german pharmaceuticals group , said that while refugees were motivated and willing to learn , `` they come from countries with educational systems where science is barely taught , and that 's what you need for a job at bayer . '' he said the company had so far not employed a single refugee . 
  when the migrant crisis reached its height last year , germany 's bosses were initially optimistic about the newcomers ' chances . 
  dieter zetsche , chief executive of daimler , the carmaker , said at the time that they could lay the foundation for the `` next german economic miracle '' . 
  but since then , expectations that they could fill germany 's skills gap have been radically scaled back . 
  authorities say the main problem is a lack of professional qualifications and german language skills . 
  according to official statistics , of the nearly 300,000 refugees currently registered as looking for work , 74 per cent have had no vocational training and a quarter do not even have a school-leaving certificate . 
  nine per cent have a degree . 
  there is also evidence that thousands are slipping through the cracks of a system that is supposed to ensure nearly everyone is either in work or education . 
  figures from the federal employment agency , released late last month , showed that 131,000 refugees are neither employed nor enrolled on any courses or training programmes . 
  other german companies contacted by the ft rejected mr gabriel 's criticism . 
  a spokesman for sap , the german software group , said : `` for many companies it all comes down to cost . 
  `` they have to weigh up if they can afford to employ a person who perhaps does n't have the appropriate qualifications and whose language skills are lacking . '' a daimler spokesman suggested mr gabriel was being unrealistic . 
  `` everybody expects an instant solution , but there 's no such thing , '' he said . 
  several of the companies contacted said they had created special internships and apprenticeships for refugees . 
  daimler has one of the largest programmes , with 300 asylum-seekers passing through its 14-week `` bridge internship '' in the first half of the year . 
  of the forty interns who had worked at the mercedes-benz factory near stuttgart , most had received offers of employment in the industry , or been offered an apprenticeship at daimler , the company said . 
  steelmaker thyssenkrupp has also created 230 additional internships specially for refugees and 150 more apprenticeships . 
  but at most other companies , the schemes are much smaller in scale . 
  for example , the nine-month vocational course for refugees run by eon , the german utility , has space for just 15 people , while four migrants are doing an introductory training placement at the company . 
  often they simply are n't able to take up a job that 's offered to them because the company is too far from where they live it said one problem was the lack of interest in long apprenticeships . 
  `` many refugees want to , and have to , start working fast , but training takes a long time , '' an eon spokesman said . 
  rocket internet , the berlin-based technology group , said it had created two internships for refugees , but had been unable to fill them . 
  bayer 's advanced training course has 20 places , but 10 remain unfilled . 
  others blamed german bureaucracy , particularly the tough restrictions on where refugees can live . 
  `` often they simply are n't able to take up a job that 's offered to them because the company is too far from where they live , '' said the sap spokesman . 
  `` for us it would be a big help if the refugees could determine their place of residence themselves . '', 
  germany : pro-erdogan thugs attack g\u00fclen school . 
  https://twitter.com/conflicts/status/754687891792625664 so the conflict is now officially spilling over into europe . 
  could be extremely nasty for germany , the netherlands and other countries with big turkish diasporas if the country ever careens into civil war . 
  mass violence and anarchy * will * happen then . 
  who cares . 
  we do n't need a newspaper to tell us the obvious . 
  honestly , i 'm surprised why co-operation was n't cut off when it was revealed erdogan had been arming islamist insurgent groups in syria or when he had a deliberately porous border to allow foreign fighters to pour into the country . 
  once again , the slowness and ineptness of the west is amazing to watch . 
  action should have been taken on this years ago . 
  coup or no coup makes no difference . 
  https://twitter.com/bbassem7/status/754333928438108162 this picture was taken in turkey , but you 'd be forgiven to think it was taken in a pro-isis stronghold . 
  the country is changing with lightning speed . 
  jewish israelis are always trying to paint the irish as a bunch of anti-semites because there is often deep sympathy for the palestinians in ireland . 
  what they do n't understand is that the irish have centuries of historical knowledge what it is like under occupation and colonisation . 
  but that 's the settler-colonial arrogance for you . 
  america has a * long * history of supporting islamists over secularists in the middle east & in the wider islamic world . 
  it should not surprise you at all . 
  i know her from before , she 's a total idiot , from other contexts . 
  she has advocated more censorship on reddit for instance . 
  does n't surprise me at all that she would utter such idiotic things . 
  as you say , there are plenty of historical examples of destroying parliament by the regime to consolidate power . 
  that she is unaware of that speaks volumes about her stupidity . 
  no , we are not all republics . 
  great britain is not a republic and neither is the netherlands , among other nations . 
  you do n't know basic civics . 
  a republic is merely a country without a monarchy . 
   identifying 2700 judges just for context . 
  this is ** one third ** of turkey 's judges . 
  what we 're witnessing is a mass purge only seen in dictatorships . 
  false flag operation . 
  the reports coming in told of the most junior of soldiers , shaking at their knees as the went into the cnn-turk media hq . 
  who makes a coup without air control ? 
  no serious general would go ahead on this . 
  erdogan has already publicly praised hitler , who lit a fire on the reichstag to consolidate support . 
  erdogan started a mini-civil war in eastern turkey to get re-elected with a majority last november . 
  he has shown no limits in his burning desire for power . 
  a fake coup is nothing compared to the carnage in eastern turkey . 
  now he gets to radically alter the country in the aftermath . 
  now he gets to assume total power over the presidency and turkey 's last vestiges of secularism and democracy are shredded . 
  your comment perfectly encapsulates why america has been stuck in the me for 15 years running , no victory , thousands dead and trillions spent .
