  10 % is a very high number already , that 's 2.5 x overrepresentation . 
  anyone who claims that this is an economic win are deluding themselves , especially as more and more low-skill jobs are being turned over to robots . 
  i ask again : why ca n't europe learn from australia and canada who understood decades ago that high levels of immigration can only work if you take in people who are well educated ( and thus can integrate fast ) as well as socially [ tolerant to women and gays ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/no-safe-asylum-for-female-refugees-in-europe/a-18775017 ) ? 
  this is not surprising . 
  svt , the swedish version of the bbc , claimed that 37 % of syrians are highly educated . 
  the reality ? 
  [ this ] ( http://www.tino.us/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/syrien.png ) . 
  that graph comes from scb - our main statistics agency . 
  around 10 % have a 3 + year bachelor 's degree . 
  svt got to 37 % by including people who have done 1 or 2 years in a work-school , like for a hairstylist for example or a plumber . 
  if you done even 6 months more than high-school , you are `` highly educated '' . 
  but in reality , it 's around 10 % . 
  and that 's assuming that a ) these people are all telling the truth , which we ca n't verify and b ) that the education that they got was actually relevant to a high-functioning society . 
  i do n't know about the universities of syria but i do n't think it would shock anyone if their standards were very low . 
  i do n't think that poland was exceptional during wwii , but i do n't think you can make an argument that it was doing a lot worse than western european states ( the dutch in particular were all-too-happy in collaborating with the nazi authorities ) . 
  and poland is often singled out , while many west european states are left out , which i find curious and noteworthy . 
  i 'm not ignoring it , i 'm ridiculing it . 
  let me explain it to you , slowly . 
  these people may not seek financial aid from the government but they are going to use social services nonetheless . 
  or are you telling me that they are going to die instead of getting help if they get seriously sick ? 
  and where will they live ? 
  do you really not think that there are unscrupolous landlords willing to exploit them , which would be compounded by the fact that even less room is available for citizens . 
  the bottomline is that these people cost money even if they are illegal and many of them are not refugees but economic migrants . 
  why should the swedish taxpayer subsidise them ? 
  only if you believe in open borders , like you and maximumleng seem to do , is this justified . 
  the problem is that the majority of the swedish population does not . 
  and it is * they * who are footing the bill . 
   ** undocumented ** immigrants nice try , bro , nice try . 
  by the way , just to underline a point in the article : the swedish police estimates that for every asylum seeker there is one more person who goes underground . 
  note : this is * not * people who apply , get denied , and who are then going underground . 
  no , these people go underground right away . 
  we 're not talking about 10 % of the total asylum seeking population . 
  no ; we 're talking about one-for-one . 
  so if you think sweden are taking in massive amounts of asylum seekers right now , just remember that the reality is closer to 2x because the official statistics do n't count half the shadow population . 
  these people are n't going to get deported in the overwhelming amount of cases , even if they get found . 
  the former migration minister , tobias billstr\u00f6m , conceded as much in one of his final interviews . 
   sweden have lost all control over illegal immigrants . 
  they come and go and act as they wish . 
  do n't blame the migrants . 
  if you or i were in their position we 'd do the exact same thing as they . 
  let 's be real . 
  i know i would . 
  if i came from a god-forsaken 3rd world nation in the middle of nowhere and a rich country with very generous welfare offers me a lifetime of benefits and financial support with high levels of safety , why would n't i ? 
  the issue is the leadership in sweden , the spinelessness of the population and the supplicant nature of the bootlicking media which has almost no independent voice whatsoever on mass migration . 
  blaming the migrants for doing the rational choice ( from their pov ) is pointless and self-defeating . 
  it 's also easy , because these people ca n't really defend themselves in the general culture . 
  their representation is weak to non-existent . 
  and it lets those responsible off the hook . 
   just as they lived back home , sans all the bombs and killings . 
  except that a lot of people coming now are n't even from syria ( even if syria is the single biggest arrival country ) . 
  so your propaganda about war is patently false for a lot of them . 
  which of course introduces the follow-up question : do you believe in open borders ? 
  because your comment certainly suggests so , and i 'd like to know . 
  your total relaxation about the break-down of any reasonable immigration control in sweden is quite remarkable . 
  that 's true , the notion that the people who are coming are not counted is false . 
  in many ways this is actually more damning because you ca n't fake ignorance or incompetence when people ask why this sudden surge is coming . 
  `` oh i had no * idea * this many came ! '' . 
  wo n't work . 
   forcing brussels to make `` an explicit statement '' that britain will be kept out of any move towards a european superstate . 
  this will require an exemption for the uk from the eu 's founding principle of `` ever closer union '' . 
  this is never going to happen . 
  the whole * point * of the eu is `` ever closer union '' . 
  if you do n't want that then you do n't want to be inside the eu . 
  look , negotiations are always about having maximalist positions and then as they drag on , the two sides try to find common ground . 
  so i get why he goes for these outlandish positions in the first place . 
  the problem for him , politically , is that now that the list is leaked , this will be the benchmark that the uk public will hold him to . 
  if he comes back whimping from brussels with a completely different set of concessions , his reputation and credibility will be in tatters and the pro-independence side will have won the argument easily , as they will paint him as a sellout who ca n't keep his word . 
  and they 'll be objectively right . 
  because the list is never going to win any votes now or in the future , it 's a total non-starter . 
  calling innocent victims massacred in a peaceful democratic gathering as `` provocateurs '' shows that if erdogan does n't immediatedly denounce this minister , he is implicitly agreeing with every single word of it . 
  it would also strip off the very last veneer of turkey 's democratic patina . 
  not surprised to see sweden being the most tolerant of everyone but the christians . 
  iirc , there have been survey 's in the past asking people in various european countries if they 'd be comfortable living with people from other ethnicities . 
  just 6 % of swedes said no ( in germany , 20 % said no ) . 
  the same is true when they asked bosses in various european countries , who 'd they 'd hire etc. 
  again sweden out on top . 
  overall , sweden is indeed the most tolerant nation in the world - and we 're about to find out how well that will go over the next few decades . 
  it even needs its own thread to be investigated !, 
  maybe he should try begging without the disguise and see if everyone greets him with a smile and showers him with money . 
  i 'm afraid mr. s\u00f6derstr\u00f6m is going to be sorely disappointed . 
  orban is n't for * leftist open-borders * inspired ideals . 
  that 's not the same thing as western . 
  but he cares deeply about european culture . 
  erdogan and the gang have nothing in common with us . 
   their problems are our problems . 
  this is so hilarious . 
  the so-called white turks are beloved in the eu capitals for a reason . 
  and hated and despised by their countrymen for the same reason . 
   i think countries like albania are much better for muslim immigrants . 
  i do n't . 
  have you ever been to albania ? 
  they are very secular in their habits . 
  they have more in common with christian europeans than with fundamentalist muslims from the middle east . 
   so do you class all european christians as culturally indistinguishable ? 
  he never said that and you know that perfectly well . 
  why are you trying to deny that christianity was shaped by europe to a decive extent and islam was n't at all ? 
  by the way , there are various ethnicities in europe , too , who 's to say anything such as `` european '' even exists ? 
  why are you even on here ? 
  see how dumb that kind of `` logic '' becomes . 
  do better .
