   the evidence point rather to a relationship-crime were they lovers ? 
  from what i 've understood , he was merely in love with her from a distance and could n't handle the rejection . 
  thus , it becomes a stretch to call it `` relationship-crime '' , because that phrase assumes reciprocity . 
  secondly , why did he attack scores of other people ? 
  are they are somehow involved ? 
  are n't relation-crimes far more specific ? 
  terrorism is attack on random individuals . 
  how did the other people fit if not being random individuals ? 
  he hated migrants and muslims and had breivik , whose entire ideology was about a holy war on islam , as his profile pic . 
  you 'd have to make pretty extreme mental gymnastics to deny that . 
   christian people do n't have that kind of tradition depends which part of the christian world we 're talking about . 
  in europe ? 
  no , because europeans are more reserved . 
  in christian africa or places like the philippines ? 
  they are * very * fervent there . 
  also , they would n't necessarily shout out `` god is great '' . 
  there could be other christian equivalents . 
  i 'm not a believer in any religion , so i do n't know minute christian theology but of course there must be phrases that could be used at funerals to honor the dead . 
  people in poland who know german will suddenly find their skills surprisingly economical overnight . 
  i do n't see how this is strange . 
  it literally means `` god is great '' . 
  the shooter hated muslims and specifically targeted them . 
  if a shooter had gunned down 9 christians , would we raise an eyebrow if a lone christian came to the funeral and shouted christian slogans in defiance ? 
  he understands that he does n't need to join the eu to get benefits like free visas . 
  the eu are already on the path to grant major visa concessions even after all the torture and mass firings of academics , journalists , judges etc. 
  if i were him , i 'd do the same thing . 
  the eu has already shown itself willing to debase itself to any level with turkey on the outside . 
  if anything , his leverage is greater outside the eu than inside , because of fewer formal restrictions . 
  b-grade kink roleplay from two neckbears fantasising about each other . 
  i love reddit . 
  and for those of us who knows what it means , it 's still bad . 
   rekdanalcavity more like you :p, 
  european migrants have done well in singapore or asian countries . 
  mena cultures are nothing like ours , at least those in the north . 
  we 're much colder/more reserved . 
  we 're also more communal , have a high social trust and a high degree of tolerance of social minority groups ( like gays ) . 
  if you disbelieve this , just read the annual values surveys and stop being a troll . 
   i 've heard a lot of them feel sad that they have difficulty connecting with their cultural roots . 
  i suppose there 's middle ground somewhere yes , that is a problem with successful immigrant groups everywhere . 
  many 2nd generation chinese or indian kids also do n't know their language . 
  many 2nd generation european children in the 1900s did n't know italian , greek , polish , french or german either , even if their parents came from there . 
  i agree there is a middle ground . 
  i do n't mind that . 
  what i am against is a specifically punitive approach to make an example of them , which is what the article refers to . 
  that is an incredibly stupid approach . 
  for western europe and the middle east , mostly . 
  life in china , india or in eastern europe is pretty good and getting better . 
  western europe = / = the world . 
  link to the full report if anyone wants to delve into the grim reading : https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/news/2016/07/turkey-independent-monitors-must-be-allowed-to-access-detainees-amid-torture-allegations/, 
  while i appreciate his sentiment , his analogy is radically inaccurate . 
  pegida are mainly about stopping what they see as the islamisation of germany . 
  the people this guy is warning about are in many instances literal islamists . 
  by contrast , the nationalists in turkey are often secular/democratic . 
  i know that being called a nationalist is a slur in germany , which is why he employs the term , but this just shows what happens when you try to compare two completely different political cultures to pointscore domestically ( and i say that who is sympathetic to his fundamental point ) . 
  east asian immigrants is cheating , though . 
  they are called `` model minority '' for a reason ( even if many resent being called that ) . 
  point is , name me a society in which they * have n't * succeeded . 
  in germany , the most successful minority are the vietnamese iirc . 
  that kind of defence is the worst kind of defence . 
  it 's basically telling people to get used to it , and when they ask why , you just point to someone who 's doing even worse instead of proposing a solution . 
  a deflection strategy . 
  whatever the motive and the racial/religious background of the person responsible , can we * please * just stop playing politics when people die and the bodies are not even cold ? 
  there will be plenty of time for analysis later instead of jumping the gun to suit our political ends . 
  stay safe , germanbros . 
  you 're going through a lot now :(, 
  how to interpret the brexit vote : maybe we should start listening to people 's concerns . 
  how * not * to interpret the brexit vote : maybe we should slit everyone 's throat if they do not agree with us . 
   i find that a lot of people on this sub comment about the european union without knowing the very basic things about it . 
  and i typically respond by correcting them on the specific things they got wrong - at least the first time . 
  that 's a good habit . 
  i was pointing out you could follow your own advice on topics you know little about , like poland . 
  in what country was this ? 
  the problem is how we define right and left . 
  there are two axis . 
  the first axis is economic . 
  the second is cultural . 
  the uk tories are basically left-wing/centrist on cultural matters now . 
  they introduced gay marriage for instance . 
  on immigration you could call them hardnosed centrist , but certainly not conservatives . 
  on economics , they are right-wing . 
  pis/sd on the other hand are left-wing economically speaking but right-wing on culture . 
  so when people throw terms like `` right-wing '' or `` left-wing '' loosely , it is very important to know which axis is their primary one for their political compass . 
   youngangrywhiteman now add something diffuse and vague about globalisation and we 're set . 
  irony aside , ghandi was a pretty vicious guy . 
  he openly praised mussolini and refused to be in a jail cell with a black person . 
  yes , he was a great indian nationalist , but he also defended the indefensible caste system in the debates in the 1930s in india with ambedkar . 
  a lot of people are fed the disney version of ghandi . 
  the real version is a whole thing entirely . 
  another good example is mother theresa , who also had a great pr strategy but the reality was a different story . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  but do you know if poland takes in 3000 per year as the priest suggests ? 
  i just find it very weird since poland has been very stubborn in barely taking a single one from the quota migrants and then see/read that your church has vowed to take in 3000 annually ( which would necessarily get the approval of the state ) . 
  it 'd be nice if more could be dug up about this , it just sounds amazing that it has flown under the radar . 
  i find a lot of people on this sub comment about poland without knowing a lot about the country , including you . 
  so where is the 3000 per annum number coming from that he is referring to ? 
  this is an article published in the last few days , so either the information you provide is incorrect or his is . 
  this statement caught my eyes  the statement goes onto praise the generosity of the polish church in welcoming refugees from the middle east and north africa including raising 1.2 million euros to help and assisting 3,000 migrants annually . 
  have poland been running a parallell refugee program and taking people in to the country or those 3000 helped on site ? 
  indeed , but if the host society makes no clear demarcation of what is acceptable or not , it will continue . 
  put another way , the cultural values that made a country rich can also make it stagnate if it loses its intellectual discipline .
