  hippies were against the current order ( back in the day ) . 
  is that how you greeks like it ? 
  explains the eurozone crisis . 
  y-you . . * absolute madman * !, 
  i shitpost on / r/ukpolitics from time to time and i ca n't even begin to remember how many times i 've seen people raging about / r/unitedkingdom . 
  i mean the people in / r/ukpolitics are pretty relaxed and goofy , which is why i hang out there and banter about the ` battle of the thames ' and whatnot , but from what i understand / r/uk is basically a stalinist detention camp , at least that is how it is presented . 
  i have n't bothered to go there because i like having stereotypes . 
   eu bureaucracy tends to get a lot of flak you 're right about that , we all love to shit on it . 
  ( i know that is n't what you meant , but what i am saying is true * r * ) . 
   we 'll see what happens what happened to your ominpotence ? 
  i 've been telling you since the beginning that you do n't have any other card to play than to sit and watch passively . 
  your country has * zero * leverage and unlike your delusional mentality , your rational government knows it . 
  they simply want to extend and pretend until they are pushed up to the wall when they have to ( inevitably ) fold . 
  you 've watched for years as they did nothing , why do you think they would become ominpotent all of a sudden ? 
  your delusions are hilarious . 
  think of it this way : who does the u.s. have to co-ordinate with in the mena region ? 
  turkey has been smuggling arms to isis . 
  russia is a nemesis . 
  if europe does n't host any bases , the u.s. is completely isolated . 
  if europe actually gave a shit we could defend the baltics just fine , we are just too lazy and too many ( including your government the greek government and some ee governments like hungary ) are too complicit with putin . 
  american power projection depends on a large number of willing allies around the world . 
  without europe they have virtually no power projection into the middle east or africa in general . 
  turkey is not reliable and is flirting with islamism , as i 've already said . 
  israel is way too small to make any significant difference , and they are locked in internecine conflict with 50 % of their population ( including occupied territories ) anyway . 
  by contrast , tell me what strategic interests europe has in latin america , which is going through something of a depression right now and has zero industrial/military capacity ? 
  americans ca n't really offer us anything in their hemisphere . 
  i 'm not saying their help is unwanted - it is appreciated - but let 's not pretend we do n't have a ton of leverage over them in terms of power projection capabilties . 
  without our support , they would be entirely cut off from the african and middle eastern landmasses . 
  djibouti or whatever other banana republic does n't count . 
  and even in asia , they are primarily used as a hedge against china . 
  india could easily remember its non-aligned policy once again as it becomes much richer and does n't need the us as much . 
  there has been a lot of movement on frontex , which is good , but i still feel we are too focused on push factors . 
  we would probably do better to move towards an australian-style system en masse in europe . 
  what we have found is that it is enough for a few countries to have lax rules and the whole system breaks down . 
  it 's that old saying , any system/chain is as strong as its weakest link . 
   they are just so easy to reproduce you need the users . 
  i disagree . 
  they are not easy to reproduce , but you need a single market . 
  think of a unified market as you 'd think of energy and manufacturing . 
  no matter how good your industrialists are , if they do n't have a stable and cheap supply of energy , nothing will be done . 
  europeans are all over major silicon valley companies in roles of engineering and what have you , so talent is not an issue , but the framework is . 
  for all the talk in the eu about a single market , we have * tons * of barriers between us . 
  there are so many opt-outs and special allowances between nations that it is a patchy frameowork more resembling swiss cheese . 
  that is why it is so much easier to just go to america right away and scale up in a single ( real ) market there , or just get bought by one of the it titans . 
  until and unless that is fixed , we can forget having any it companies of scale . 
   watch us . 
  i have , for the past several years . 
  the government has done absolutely nothing , for the reasons i 've already explained . 
  if someone gets radicalised because their community ca n't wear face-covering veils then those people should not be in your country in the first place and should be pushed to leave to a nation which fits their fundamentalist views better . 
  saying no does n't matter . 
  how is a bankrupt country like greece going to prevent 2 million people coming ? 
  even 500,000 would strain them enormously . 
  also , the distance between turkey and greece by seaway is incredibly small , so once the boats leave , they are on shore very quickly . 
  what would a nato fleet do , shoot them the boats ? 
  if they take the people in them , and turkey says no , are they going to invade turkey and force the migrants back ? 
  this is why erdogan can afford to wait until after he gets his presidential powers and then push anew for more visa access . 
   what i want to say is , you guys are not already so hard to get a visa you 've just made a strong case for not changing the current system . 
  those who we want tend to get in anyway . 
  you can say the same thing about the tv industry , though , which is much more diverse . 
  despite all the talk about the `` tv has never been so good '' , it 's chock-full with cultural stereotypes and the vast majority of them are also appealing to the lowest common denominator . 
  and even the best shows on tv tend to have white male leads ( breaking bad for instance ) . 
  i would n't mind , but i would also kick you out of the eurozone , you can stay in the eu . 
  i 'm happy my country is not in the eurozone , though :d, 
  who cares what the us thinks ? 
  how emasculated are you anyway ? 
  if we have to protect our security , we will do it . 
  and at any rate , i think you vastly overstate your case . 
  the turks can protect their border with syria , but they have chosen not to . 
  it 's not like the country is facing collapse . 
  the country is doing fairly well economically and nobody seriously thinks they will go to war with russia . 
  implying that polandball is n't one and the same as casual racism dressed up as `` national stereotypes '' . 
  how do you connect a truism that the swiss have always been lukewarm on the eu to a conspiracy about breaking up the eu and * then * connecting it to this recent announcement , `` clearly by design '' . 
  you need to buy more tin foil . 
  a hat is no longer enough . 
   we do n't have to implement your ridiculous rules except you do , on the major issues . 
  the government is n't going to restrict free movement . 
  switzerland is n't nearly as important as the uk . 
  the reason why they have not implemented it is because they know they will never win any negotiation . 
  the big four is not up to negotiation . 
  we both know that . 
  it 's not something you ` choose ' . 
  you 're missing the forest for the trees . 
  not every law/regulation is equal in weight . 
  on the major issues , the swiss have implemented all of them and they do so without having any input . 
  i associate myself with the points others have made about lack of venture capital and regulations ( this is especially a problem in countries like france ) on start-ups . 
  i would make a broader point , however . 
  if you look at the list , you will notice that there is a strong correlation with a huge home market and a big it company . 
  foxconn may be headquartered in taiwan , but they basically operate as a chinese company in china . 
  the only two companies with a home market lower than 100 million people is samsung and the british one . 
  i 'm reminded of the words that daniel ek said when asked about why there are so few start-ups in europe who go on to scale . 
  he said it was simple : it was easier for them to expand to america than to expand to spain . 
  so long as that remains true , there is no general european market . 
  if europe was truly one integrated market with the same level playing field for everyone , then it would be much easier to expand across a big home market first and then step out to the world . 
  that is the common pattern in america , japan and china . 
  ultranationalism is not the same as nazism . 
  it is n't just turkey . 
  we are seeing resurgent hatred against lgbtq + communities across the world , including in our own backyard in eastern europe . 
  it is not as bad as it used to be , warsaw saw 10,000 people march the other day , but the rhetoric and violence has been escalating . 
  in russia it has been open season on gay people for years . 
  america had orlando a few days ago .
