  so will the turkish secular class . 
  you will not be eradicated , you will still be a presence , like in iran , but you will be marginalised and irrelevant to the workings of the nation . 
  it is already the case . 
  relevant in this discussion : https://i.sli.mg/vjifws.jpg, 
  israel 's diplomatic contacts with sa are deeper . 
  you two are both shrill anti-shia and hysterically anti-iran . 
  germany just sells stuff to sa . 
  both israel/sa have compared iran to all kinds of monsters . 
  germany 's position in that game is far more suave and coolheaded . 
  further , israel has n't just cosied up to dictators . 
  it has helped and healed al-qaida , [ yes ] ( http://www.jpost.com/middle-east/report-israel-treating-al-qaida-fighters-wounded-in-syria-civil-war-393862 ) . 
  between the shitty record of israel , and most of europe , you do n't come out better , at all . 
  oh , and we have n't even discussed israel 's [ close alliance ] ( http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0375425462?ie=utf8&amp;tag=mondoweiss-20&amp;linkcode=as2&amp;camp=1789&amp;creative=9325&amp;creativeasin=0375425462 ) with apartheid south africa . 
  defensiveness over the armenian genocide is common in turkish society , just like defensiveness over the oppression of kurds is . 
  it crosses social and religious lines . 
  erdogan may be powerful , but i do n't think his psychic powers are as developed ( yet ) so to induce a society to react in sync with him through the power of will . 
  but who knows , anything can happen ... 
  the people are coming to italy because they know they have a decent chance of getting asylum in the northern states . 
  and if they do n't , they have a decent chance of not getting deported and/or living illegally . 
  it 's not because of the anything else . 
  look at the arrivals via the mediterrean from 2010 to 2015 . 
  in 2010 there were far , far fewer . 
  boats were not invented in 2010 nor has sub-saharan africa become an enormously richer place in the last five years , so as to suddenly make people afford these trips . 
  * think * . 
  i think you underestimate secular trends and i think you underestimate turkey . 
  secular trends in this sense is n't about religion , i 'm talking about * long term * trends . 
  the growth of islamism is a long-term trend in turkey . 
  that the coup was islamist hardline vs islamist lite is telling . 
  it shows the weakness/irrelevance of the secular camp . 
  they are finished . 
  thus , it 's important to raise our gaze and understand where turkey is going . 
  it is not going to be a useful ally . 
  this is not the old turkey . 
  a lot of people in power today grew up with a secular-controlled turkey , so they have a * very * hard time letting that image go . 
  erdogan also played the part of the puppet for a while to indulge them . 
  they have simply not understood the underlying trends in turkish society , and frankly , they are not alone in that . 
  a lot of secular turks have also not understood that and continue to live in denial . 
  as for turkey becoming a `` third rate power '' , that is silly . 
  turkey is among the five most important powers in the region , together with iran , israel , sa and egypt . 
  of those , i 'd place turkey in the top 3 together with iran and israel . 
  its true that they have no real friends and putin is no fool . 
  if turkey was really serious about coming close to russia , it would have to get used to being told what to do . 
  nevertheless , turkey has no real enemies either . 
  it can continue to live its existence undisturbed and while its kurdish problem is a real vexing problem , its not like it is new , either . 
  its been with them for decades and i do n't see why it would suddenly destroy their country . 
   regardless of how deperate you think it is i never said turkey was desperate , but turkey is isolated . 
  let 's not kid ourselves . 
  it is telling that erdogan 's big `` neo-ottoman '' bet massively failed . 
  do n't you think it is interesting that turkey is vacillitating between two christian blocs ? 
  why is it that turkey ca n't seem to find firm-footed friends in the muslim world ? 
   it also provides turkey with blueprints for a more democratic system . 
  it encourages economic cooperation between turkey and the eu countries thus contributes to mutual economic development which makes turkey a more stable and less adventurous country . 
  all of which is a good thing , if you actually think turkey has been moving in the right direction these past 15 years . 
  it has n't . 
  in other words , it is merely buying turkey legitimacy to do the exact opposite of what the accession process is about . 
  it 's long past time to end the charade and exact a price out of turkey . 
   i mean turkey is capable of finding or even forming new alliances if it comes to that . 
  not really . 
  turkey is alone in the middle east . 
  russia 's foreign policy is radically different . 
  turkey can only become close to russia if it becomes its stooge . 
  china/india give zero fucks about turkey . 
  you have no oil and to them , your location is pretty meaningless since their focus is on central/south asia and east asia , not west asia . 
  west asia only matters to them in relation of fossil fuels , of which you have none . 
   it sits on a very strategic location for nato and russia , not for india/china , in which the location is fairly meaningless since their strategic interests lie elsewhere . 
   its cooperation is essential for europe 's security debatable . 
  erdogan has been pro-jihadist these last five years . 
  instead of coddling him , europe could and should have gotten tough on him . 
  it 's not like we would have lost much anyway . 
  he also managed a * very * porous border for use for jihadis . 
  so where is all this co-operation we keep hearing about ? 
  turkey has been a hindrance , not a help . 
   so you guys in europe should slow down a bit when it comes to turkey for both your own and our sake . 
  a secular turkey would be a win-win as far as i am concern . 
  the main problem is that secular turkey is a rotten corpse and is irrelevant to the political system . 
  the take-over the education system has happened . 
  the kids today will in 20-30 years time will not just be nationalistic , but islamist-educated as well . 
  the dream is dead and there is little we could lose now except the last vestiges of illusions that turkey is a useful partner . 
  it has actively worked against europe 's interests for years and i see * no * reason why we should keep coddling a stone in our shoe for much longer . 
  if secular turkey ever has a civil war with the islamist part , we should intervene and help the seculars , but otherwise , its long past time to end this clownshow and the illusion that turkey is helping us , it has actively worked against us for years . 
  people are simply slowly coming to understand this . 
  they say the safest time to fly is the day after a big flight crash . 
  i do n't know about terrorism , but since everyone is on high alert now , i 'd assume you 'd be safer than when everyone is relaxed . 
  plus , you 'd also get less tourists . 
  if there is a time to visit paris , surely it is now . 
  austria is powerless . 
  merkel wants the turkey deal in place at all costs , or her popularity goes down even more , the year before the election , as we all know which country most of those who would come would go to . 
  if they ca n't go to germany , greece would turn into a human prison . 
  either way , the picures would be ugly and a disaster for merkel . 
  in addition , juncker is also very pro-turkey in the eu accession talks . 
  nevertheless , it * is * notable that austria is even pushing for this . 
  that fact in of itself means that there must be surely more countries out there giving informal consent . 
  my own guess is that if/when the deal collapses , you 'll see a lot less inhibition from various eu states . 
  i mean , let 's be honest , turkey is n't going to join anyway , so what is the harm in formalising what everyone already knows ? 
  the whole `` let turkey be in the accession talks because something something influence '' has been thoroghly disproved in the events of the last few weeks . 
  has n't the flemish party kind of stagnated in the polls , though ? 
  i 'm assuming those are the ones you are alluding to . 
  the issue is n't border-control . 
  the balkan route is already closed . 
  the issue is two-fold : 1 .
