  finland woes are in large part due to the euro . 
  but expecting basic economic knowledge on reddit is a flawed assumption , of course . 
  i do n't really see how this is absolving the pro-refugee crowd . 
  this , if anything , makes matters * worse * . 
  how did these people come to be nationals in the first place ? 
  coming as refugees in earlier waves . 
  so what we 're dealing with is decades of radicalisation . 
  so this is what we have * right now * , even without even more refugee immigration . 
  and you want to * increase * this ? 
  how is vindicating anything some of you have been advocating at all ? 
  this would be hilarious if it were n't so delusional . 
  right , except that israel is doing apartheid against palestinians , while the minister is using ( unnecessary ) hyperbole to point out the arrogance and idiocy of the german line . 
  it 's amazing to me how fast merkel 's concensus collapsed . 
  she wo n't be removed from office ( dream on , folks ) , but i would n't be surprised to find countries like denmark or even the uk siding with ee against her over this issue . 
  and a shitshow which was planted by merkel , even if you 'll go to hell and back to try to cover for her . 
  stand up for all people , including yourself . 
  masochism of your kind is shitty and useless . 
  does n't preclude standing up for other people either . 
  what an idiot . 
  so basically what you 're articulating is the reason why csu will continue to be a no-name party , they do n't have the balls to go after a chancellor who is a far-leftist ( like you ) on massive 3rd world migration . 
  the spinelessness is amazing to watch . 
  i have to admit , i 'm almost , kind of , impressed by merkel 's radicalism on refugees . 
  it 's like she * really , really * does n't want germany to remain a place of ethnic germans . 
  she 's always been attacked for being so passive and emotionless but this subject of massive 3rd world migration has her totally passionate . 
  i do n't believe she will * ever * budge on this issue . 
  and as such , i doubt that afd will ever seriously challenge her . 
  the only real opposition is the spd and they are identical to her on this issue , perhaps even more radical than she is . 
  exactly . 
  it 's well known that polls in sweden * always * underestimated sd when they were conducted over the phone . 
  the internet-based polls were mocked but they turned out to be more accurate both in 2010 and in 2014 . 
  do n't know where zalt is getting his fud that phone polls are more likely to be prone to controversial opinions - it 's the exact opposite . 
  the real numbers are probably worse than that polls show . 
  i thought no other country in the eu would be such a banana republic like sweden but germany keeps doing its best to exceed my expectations . 
  we have to end the notion that white people have to solve 100 % of the world 's problems in the first place . 
  anyone who says the current refugee crisis is because of syria is lying to you . 
  over 66 % of all new asylum applicants are n't even from syria . 
  in sweden , we 're seeing * record * asylum seekers from afghanistan . 
  even if the country is safe ( r ) than it was 10 years ago , we 're seeing 20x increases in applications . 
  in the past few weeks , we 're seeing more from afghanistan than even from syria . 
  iraq is also a country where we 're seeing massive , 10x increases compared to 7-8 years ago , when the country was in fact much more dangerous than it is today . 
  the reason why we 're seeing this massive wave is because of a de facto open borders regime . 
  that 's it . 
  bombing syria will not do much . 
  why are we always missing the fundamental question of magnets ? 
  also , how much of syria is even left to bomb ? 
  it 's all rubble now . 
  i 'm amazed how people ca n't understand that there is n't a military solution to everything in the world . 
  it may feel better , but it wo n't solve anything . 
  this is a problem that can be contained from our side , but it ca n't be solved . 
  you wipe out isis and you got 10 more islamist groups left . 
  are you going to spend the rest of your days just killing things ? 
  that 'll be great recruitment propaganda for these groups . 
  what we need is to totally eliminate the white saviour complex and end the open-borders dogma . 
  then , and only then , can we begin to mend the issue at hand . 
  not before . 
   liquidate their ghetto society easier said than done . 
  how are you going to go about that ? 
  can we now please abandon the fiction that turkey shares anything at all with europe and just call it the islamist quasi-dictatorship that it is ? 
  thanks . 
  they are terrible on the environment , though . 
  just like the uk one . 
  honestly , i feel like there is this choice in europe now . 
  either you got a government like the one in sweden right now , which is amazing on the environment but horrible on 3rd world migration or you take the one in the uk/poland who are good on 3rd world migration but atrocious on the environment . 
  there should n't have to be a choice , but right now there is . 
  what are you doing , using logic on the internet ? 
  i 've been hearing about the imminent demise of merkel for months now . 
  the reality is that there is nobody on the horizon who can challenge here . 
  she could well win re-election . 
   africa is gon na have a population boom , we ca n't have them all come here . 
  according to the un population projections , sub-saharan africa will go from 1 billion to 4 billion over this century . 
  this is just the beginning . 
  just talking about ending the influx will no longer be sufficient , repatriation will necessarily come to the agenda . 
  and we already , in fact , see the first signs of that here . 
  the difference is that the leaders who will drive a hard-bargain ca n't be pro-3rd world migration types like merkel . 
  but they 'll come , eventually . 
  europe wo n't be the social office of the 3rd world and remain a place with welfare states . 
  the math does n't add up . 
  and no , the `` aging of the population '' argument is bs , too , in large part because any lower age is nullified by low social capital and low to no language skills at all . 
  and we have n't even talked about robots and automation , yet . 
   i agree . 
  europe needs an offshore center for failed asylum seekers asap . 
  europe doens ' t need asylum seekers at all . 
  sweden currently spends 2x the ** entire ** un budget for syrian refugees . 
  you read that one right so sweden , over the next four years , could fund the entire syrian refugee budget for double the amount of time and instead of taking 100,000 we could help several millions but of course this has nothing to do with humanitarianism . 
  it 's an ideological project , that 's being done under the pretense of `` humanitarianism '' . 
  follow the money . 
  if they * really * wanted to help people , the money would be spent in a radically different way . 
  the eu is a joke . 
  they rolled over for turkey and now the africans are seeing it works , as well , so they go for it . 
  instead of showering both of them with money , why not stop the pull factors ? 
  oh wait , merkel has already said she will never do that . 
  so this entire shitshow is a stage act . 
  it 's basically paying money for appearances , so that people will think something will be done when in reality , merkel et al has already ruled out any real action . 
  come back when you take 2000 * per day * , like we do . 
  and on per capita levels , that 'd be 12 000 a day . 
  i 'm not saying it 's wise , i 'm just sayin ' , you ai n't sweating boy . 
  you ai n't sweatin ' . 
  there is no need to get that drastic . 
  this entire `` negotiation '' is a sideshow . 
  as long as sweden/germany/austria refuses to budge on how easy it is for african migrants to get asylum , more will come .
