  he ca n't do that , he ca n't even dare to do so . 
  religion interfering with politics is one of the biggest taboos in turkish society . 
  `` israel is still a secular democracy . 
  the occupation is just temporary . 
  the majority is against netanyahu and the settlers . 
  they are just a noisy minority . '', 
  i 've heard all the same bs excuses before . 
  also , understand the difference between against erdogan and being against his political ideology . 
  someone can be against erdogan * and still * hold islamist views . 
  they are not incompatible . 
  finally , if you look at parties like mhp , they 've moved away from strict secular nationalism and more into a islamist/nationalist mix in recent decades . 
  so just looking at akp is misleading . 
  we 're talking nato here , not mass immigration . 
  although for someone with adhd like yourself it may be hard to focus on the topic at hand . 
  take your meds next time , 
  sweden could have joined nato a long time ago , but we chose not to . 
  i 'm against sweden joining nato , but it now seems our politicians are dead set to join . 
   we have something uk/germany or you doesnt have . 
  this is a vague statement made from someone who ca n't even come up what his country is good for himself . 
  so now you ask me to find something turkey is good for . 
  i 'm not sure if this is pathetic or funny :d this probably sums up turkey quite well in 2015 . 
   nato is not about values , never was . 
  this is ignorant on so many levels . 
  nato was explicitly formed on the basis of countering communist aggression . 
  nato was and is the alliance of western democracies , values are a foundational aspect of who can - and who can not - join . 
  of course army sizes matter , but if all a country had to do was having a big army , then russia would have joined a long time ago . 
  please think before you post . 
  although there is a newfound superiority complex from norway , though . 
  they are richer than us and a lot of swedes in oslo do face negative social stereotypes in the same way poles did in sweden or romanians now do in the uk . 
  yeah , being invaded by the nazi and communist dictatorship is totally normal and expected . 
  much better to stay neutral and strike deals with nazis , amirite ? 
  idiot . 
   because turkey is more than erdogan is it ? 
  you remind me of liberal israeli jews who keep insisting that the `` real isreal '' are these peace-loving laborites and the theocratic far-right who have been in control for almost 2 decades now are somehow a blip and not `` really israel '' . 
  you 're in a deep state of denial . 
  erdogan is just a figurehead . 
  the islamist values that he represents are what the people elected him on . 
  turkey proves yet again that you can only have secular values in the middle east with a military dictatorship . 
  give democracy to the people and watch the islamist reactionaries take over . 
  we see this again and again and again . 
  turkey 's no different . 
   if nato had to pick between sweden and turkey . 
  they would pick us . 
  not really . 
  nato is about values , not size of army . 
  there are plenty of countries with big armies in important locations . 
  but that does n't mean squat shit if you ca n't trust the other side . 
  and we do n't trust you . 
  you think germany or the uk trusts you ? 
  and most of the nato army is american anyway , so the size of your army is irrelevant . 
  and your location is only relevant if there is any trust . 
  as turkey is pro-islamist , and increasingly so , you 're part of the problem , not the solution . 
  which is why you 're never going to join the eu and eventually will be kicked out of nato since the islamist take over is permanent and not temporary as a lot of western secularists thought . 
  there 's a wiki article about it . 
  i should n't have to google for you . 
  but in short , a lot of eu countries . 
  this article and many others miss a fundamental point : the middle eastern countries are bringing in people who are also middle eastern and overwhelmingly islamic , like them . 
  secondly , countries like lebanon get their refugee camps funded . 
  thirdly , a country like jordan is already quite poor so there is n't as much economical mismatch . 
  europe takes in people who are of a different religion and culture , often with far more regressive social attitudes . 
  european countries like germany or sweden have a * much * higher per-capita income , making it far harder to economically integrate these people ( let alone culturally ) . 
  lastly , europe is paying for this out of its own pocket . 
  when i see middle eastern countries taking in massive amounts of poor , christian africans or poor burmese buddhists and doing it out of their own pocket , then these kind of idiotic articles make sense . 
  and until they do , these articles should be called out for what they are : a concerted effort to spread fud about the unprecedented scale of the 3rd world migration now affecting europe . 
  turkey , which has been shouldering its costs more than most , [ now wants to get paid ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34440998 ) by europe as well . 
  you could n't make it up . 
  merkel is a social experiment . 
  who knew someone could be so far-left radical on social/identity issues despite masquerading as a conservative for all these years ? 
  please explain to me why turkey is [ still in nato ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/19/us-turkey-china-defence-iduskbn0ln0w220150219 ) ? 
  why are major european countries vying for them to join the eu ? 
  oh and turkey was only a secular republic when there was a military dictatorship . 
  you have real democracy and the islamists win . 
  think about this whenever you hear bs claims about syria as a `` secular country '' . 
  i 'm not hiding the fact that i think the current 3rd world migration is a disaster to europe . 
  but we live in a democratic society . 
  if you think there is an issue with your country , there are peaceful and legitimate ways to go about changing it . 
  the only thing these morons are accomplishing is giving free propaganda to the people pushing 3rd world migration . 
  well done idiots !, 
  the irony here is that there is a schism between the jewish establishment and the jews on the street . 
  the jewish establishment has been [ cosying up ] ( http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,l-4699993,00.html ) to muslims over issues like the right to be cutting the penises of their children . 
  at the same time , jews have shifted to the right electorically . 
  in the uk , jews vote conservative at 64 % according to the jewish chroncile . 
  in france , the ump gets 50 % of the vote or more from jews and even the front national is gaining votes ( ! ) . 
  the ps , the socialists , are falling further behind . 
  jews once voted left because they felt it was the best bet to protect their collective interests . 
  now they are voting right for the same reason . 
  interesting , thanks for info !, 
  and while we 're at it , paint all the roofs white . 
  reduces energy use by 20 % . 
  yes , i 'm serious . 
  i think [ this ] ( http://www.vice.com/read/parisians-are-learning-to-love-america ) is relevant . 
  and [ this ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/how-does-paris-stay-chic-it-imports-brooklyn-1442408401 ) . 
  basically france has turned itself into a culturally insecure place . 
  it 's quite sad . 
  i actually support the quotas . 
  why have a global music culture which is 100 % the same everywhere ? 
  that 's boring . 
  but i 'm not surprised . 
  talked to an american exchange student a few years ago and she said she went to france because she thought it was totally different than the uk/aus/can . 
  once she got there she said they listen to the same songs , watch the same stuff etc.
