  the people who introduced and pushed the policies that allowed all of these things to happen were all male pms of france , with a male-dominated parliament to boot . 
  just thought i 'd remind people next time they all want to abscond their own gender . 
  demonizing france as literally auschwitz for muslim women . 
  completely ( and deliberately ) ignores stuff like this . 
   stop with the israel astroturfing * proceeds to litigate the entire war anyway * let 's not turn this thread into a pro/anti-israel shitshow . 
  keep it on topic . 
  the nyt is full of shit . 
  as a curiosity , how come you are so invested in the scottish referendum ? 
  got family there or some other connection ? 
   i think the key to the scottish independence is in the national identity correct , but you simultaneously make fun of emotions like identity when you write :  if brexit has taught us anything , it is that feelings and nationalism rules over facts ( or should i say experts , heh ), 
  honestly surprised by russia 's poor showing . 
  maybe anti-soviet union bias ? 
  maybe i 'm wrong , but my understanding was that they had pretty good scientists during the cold war . 
  given all the trashtalk about bad uk weather , everyone 's gloomy etc , seems like they are doing alright . 
  germany was isolated on that position . 
  it is n't hard to stand up to them when they are completely alone . 
  it was n't as much france leading the opposition than merely acknowledging it . 
  i 'm talking about a major policy position that france has led . 
  and not a one-off about a single country . 
  i 'm talking a theme , like a new economic policy , or a new direction in foreign policy . 
  i 'm not saying france should do it on their own , but that they should and could 've tapped the constituency in europe which are hungry for a new direction , and they exist , in east as well as in the south . 
  nothing . 
  at all . 
  on economic policies this is the craziest part of all coming from a ruling ` socialist ' party . 
  they are in effect meekly going along with herbert hoover-esque economic doctrines . 
  it 's a scandal . 
  `` franco-german '' axis remains a myth . 
  it 's a german show . 
   even the nw european countries that are ruled by conservatives are hesitant ` to be explicitly nationalist . 
  which is why i make a difference between cdu and afd . 
  i was talking about the latter , not the former , when discussing the rise of nationalism . 
  i do n't view most mainstream center-right `` conservative '' parties to be nationalist . 
  would anyone call merkel a nationalist ? 
  what about jupp\u00e9 ? 
  rutte ? 
  these are moderate ( maybe not so moderate in merkel 's case ) social liberals with a neoliberal economic policy . 
  not conservatives in any meaningful sense . 
  this alone should be held as an argument over the inability of russia to invade poland or the baltic states . 
  they would bankrupt themselves extremely fast . 
  nevertheless , given the total lack of investment in oil right now , we will see * massive * prices rises from 2020 and beyond . 
  so while they are down and out now , 10 years from now will be another story . 
  i was talking exports , not production . 
  learn the difference . 
  if you are even capable of doing menial mental tasks . 
  secondly , oil exports are dominated by a handful of a few countries . 
  what matters is percentage of total exports . 
  norway 's role is neglible . 
  my point about preferring norwegian exports over unstable middle eastern regimes stand , and you 've not even bothered to refute that , so it just means you have no argument . 
  france 's inability to move as aggressively as norway on evs , together with most other western european countries , contributes far more to emissions than norway 's exports . 
  if most of western europe had norway 's share of evs , emissions would be far lower . 
  so yes , it 's much more rational to look at the failure of france and other western european countries , including my own , to deal with transportation emissions . 
  it 's making you very butthurt , which is superhilarious . 
  it 's the same with america trying to blame mexico for the drug cartels . 
  if america were n't greedy for all that cocaine up their noses , the cartels would n't have a market to export to . 
  something clinton , among others , have conceded . 
  clinton is capable of something you are not : introspection . 
  think before you type . 
  it saves us both time and it makes you look less foolish . 
  win-win . 
  [ lmao ] ( https://youtu.be/6gx9qkvwgs0?t=3m24s ) . 
  good points . 
  notable that you get downvoted but nobody has any decent argument to counter what you say . 
  that 's because there is no good argument . 
  that being said , in keeping with my mercurial nature , i would nitpick on a few things . 
  i would question that the uk is not overpopulated . 
  maybe it is because of how their country-side is underdeveloped on purpose and so people congregate much more in cities , but from what i read in / r/ukpolitics , there is already problems with space in where they live . 
  poland also has a large rural population at 40 % . 
  by comparison , sweden , which is a huge country by european standards , has a rural population of only 15 % . 
  this means that it becomes harder to fit more people in a country when large parts already want a lot of space for themselves . 
  poland has something like 85 % home ownership . 
  that is pretty huge . 
  in america , a country nobody has accused of being small or having a high pop density , home ownership is in the lower 60s . 
  this is another reflection of the fact that poles have generally speaking a lot of space . 
  maybe not in the city centers , but most people do n't live there . 
  secondly , while total population matters , yes , and as a consequence total economic size , what matters even more is gdp per capita . 
  nigeria has a much , much bigger economy than norway . 
  yet which country would most people like to live in ? 
  total economic size only goes so far . 
  thirdly , while i 'm pro migration into poland from compatibile areas like sea/india , the other commenters have a point that it is easier to assimilate small groups of people . 
  20 million extra new people would mean it would essentially be impossible to have a cohesive national culture . 
  that 's fine if you do n't have a strong attachment to ethnic polish culture ( i 'm not judging ) , but my impression is that poland is a country where such attachment is quite strong . 
  it has n't prevented minorities like the vietnamese to integrate , but 60k is not the same , as , say , 6 million vietnamese + filipinos . 
  scale matters , you say . 
  i agree , but that goes to your argument too . 
  if one does want to integrate and hopefully even assimilate people , scale matters there too . 
  nonsense . 
  i 've made plain in numerous places in this thread that cultural compatibility is equally important , if not more so , than economic skills . 
  people like me are responsible for australia 's immigration policy . 
  do you think australia has problems with their asian ( east asian/indian ) population ? 
  please educate yourself . 
  immigration is fine , if done intelligently and sensibly . 
  western europe forgot that cultural compatibility matters . 
  australia never did . 
  edit : i 'm sure someone will come up with somekind of geographic deterministic argument \u00e1 la `` yes but those countries are closer to austrlia hurr durr , so it is n't a fair comparison '' . 
  france has 500k vietnamese people thanks to their policy of letting them in as a friendly gesture after they left vietnam . 
  500k is a lot . 
  it could easily have taken in far more if it wanted to . 
  further , french was only known to the vietnamese elite . 
  most people who came did not know french very well , or at all . 
  same with vietnamese in germany .
