  you said `` jobs are in shortage '' . 
  by any reasonable measure , they are not . 
  also `` most people lead boring lives '' , i pointed out how the vast majority of swedes have a very high satisfaction rate . 
  another point where your statement is contradicted . 
  i could go on , or you could just learn to read . 
  which is faster ? 
  and btw , this is n't a defence of the asylum wave . 
  most people are not swayed by reason . 
  most people are swayed by emotion . 
  the media understands this better than anyone . 
  it 's why tabloids will always outsell the broadsheets by a 10-1 ratio . 
  what you 're missing is that the left has hegemony on certain issues . 
  so if someone self-identifies as `` conservative '' it does n't mean shit because they 'll be pushing policies the same way a leftist will . 
  the only `` conservative '' about their approach might be that they 'll do it a tad slower . 
  merkel , of course , has gone the exact opposite direction . 
  she went full leftist on 3rd world immigration . 
  whatever her stances are on economics is irrelevant here . 
  get that into your skull . 
   these conservative governments everywhere except for like 2-3 countries which are acting like leftists on immigration . 
  how can you be so blind ? 
  they are only right-wing on * economics * . 
  politics is n't right-wing on immigration/cultural issues . 
  look no further than merkel . 
  what we 've seen beyond reasonable doubt is that your position on the economy has ** zero ** relevance on what your positions on mass 3rd world immigration will be . 
   they get really made mad * and the encirclement mentality is there , but do n't pretend to be stupid , thanks . 
  do you seriously deny that the media is massively pro-asylum immigration ? 
  or the establishment in ( western ) europe ? 
  try to deny that for as much as you can . 
  we 'll see how much credibility you 'll have left . 
   filming mainly children specially young girls . 
  i 've noticed this consistent pattern . 
  let 's ignore that 80 % of the asylum wave is composed of young , bearded men . 
  it 's a lot easier saying no to angry arab men . 
  it 's harder if it 's a cute girl [ who is 9 years old and smiling with a white police officer ] ( http://cdn.inquisitr.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/syrian-refugee-danish-police-officer.png ) . 
  propaganda is effective for a reason . 
  in a word : yes . 
  now the rest of europe is seeing the merkel method : throw everyone under the bus and blame everyone but yourself for what you have yourself created . 
  this is how she has clung to power . 
  you 're free to leave . 
  most survey 's i 've looked at have found most swedes have a very high level of life satisfaction , you 're the grumpy minority . 
  also , thanks to climate change , our winters are getting milder and milder . 
  real income has risen more than 50 % in the last 20 years . 
  i do n't know which world you live in , but it ai n't reality . 
  to / u/wonglik and others in this thread saying it 's a `` done issue '' , that poland ca n't choose to have a referendum etc : sweden had a euro referendum in 2003 and the yes side * flopped * . 
  since then sweden has become more hawkish , not less , on the issue of the euro . 
  the tl ; dr version is that this is not `` inevitable '' . 
  poland can vote no to the euro and still be in the eu . 
  anyone trying to tell you otherwise is selling you nothing but fearmongering in the guise of europropaganda . 
  \\ #suicidewelcome, 
  this is an offtopic comment , but how do you know this ? 
  are you in law enforcement yourself or ex-military ? 
  or just a sportsman who hunts with guns ? 
  i was surprised to learn that shooting straight up in the air is not an issue when it comes back down . 
  yeah , like letting off a crazed machete attacker scott free who just tried to attack you and possibly murder you . 
  / s go back to fucking horses , inbred . 
  europe 2015 . 
   look at what europe was a hundred years ago - not exactly a paradise , was it it was the most developed region on earth - and by a far margin . 
  as for enlightenment , you 're making a good point . 
  but you got it backwards . 
  the people who were pro-imperialism , who were about `` civilizing the uncivilized '' etc were the liberals . 
  the conservatives were far more skeptical of foreign adventures . 
  that 's why the so-called `` neocons '' were never conservatives ( that they were all former marxists is not a coincidence ) . 
  you saw the same thing with the french revolution , as well as the russian one . 
  and yes , so , too in america . 
  manifest destiny etc. 
  it 's actually white liberalism which has been by far the most dangerous force in world history the last few centuries . 
  it 's just that its victims have been primarily non-white , which is why we tend to forget that . 
  this should [ enlighten ] ( http://www.dineshdsouza.com/news/study-proves-liberals-more-intolerant-than-conservatives/ ) you further . 
  [ this ] ( http://dailycaller.com/2011/08/23/politics-and-dating/ ) should also interest you . 
  this quote is important :  match.com was able to draw a conclusion about politics and dating . 
  according to match.com engineer amarnath thombre , `` conservatives are far more open to reaching out to someone [ on the dating site ] with a different point of view than a liberal is . '' in other words , conservatives are far more tolerant of dating liberals than liberals are of spending time with conservatives . 
  in other words , the liberal intolerance you are seeing in your private life is part of an overall patttern . 
  which is why i think it 's so ironic that right-wing/conservatives have abanonded the wars on the word `` tolerance '' . 
  because its the left who are most intolerant , from political opinions to dating . 
  germany fucked up . 
  now it wants to force eastern europe to share in its fuck-up , so the fact that merkel 's fuck-ups look less like the fuck-ups that they are . 
  eastern europe resists , has no plan to help merkel covering up her fuck-ups . 
  predictable german rage ensues . 
  keep going stronk , eastern europe . 
  actually the writer is mexican but i take your point . 
  you 're so used to idiotic white people these days , so i do n't blame you for thinking he was one . 
  it 's insanity . 
  the hope now lies in eastern europe . 
  in ancient times , the south dominated ( greece , italy ) then it was central europe ( germany , under charlemagne and later france ) . 
  then from about 1600 until today it was north-western europe . 
  the netherlands , the uk etc. 
  and now it 's the turn of the east . 
  the fast your population shed your inferiority complex about being poorer the better . 
  you may be poorer but that is because of communism . 
  you are * way * ahead culturally . 
  we are still trying to catch up . 
  from now on out , the east will lead and the west will follow , culturally and politically . 
  more and more europeans in the west will look at disgust at our media , our pols and see the east as a model to follow . 
  do n't disappoint them . 
  lead . 
  who complains about eastern europe/europeans ? 
  i must have missed this meme . 
  last time i checked they are totally kicking our asses - and i guess that 's really why people resent them . 
  they remind us that our choices in 3rd world immigration was never inevitable . 
  it was something we chose .
