  it 's not as pervasive as it was , say , 10 years ago , but it is still around . 
  it seems to be a lot worse in the uk . 
  if they trusted the authorities they would not have sent anyone . 
  they are also conducting their own , seperate investigation . 
  does that look like a sign of trust to you ? 
  as for the numbers , what do you expect , to send hundreds of police officers ? 
  this is british territory . 
  they should n't have to send anyone , but the british authorities are not stepping up to this crisis . 
  you are welcome to propose your own solutions . 
  because you do n't seem to give a shit about anything other than to make sure that british society and their police come out looking as good as possible . 
  your concern for these victims does n't exactly shine through . 
  putting it mildly . 
  * public education . 
  racism and bigotry against eastern europeans did not come up overnight and it will not be eradicated overnight . 
  * media oversight . 
  there are limits of what can be done , but there has to be much more pressure on the tabloids , including from civil society groups , to refrain from demonisation . 
  saying nothing can be done is not cutting it . 
  in the short term , these communities need re-assurance . 
  physical re-assurance . 
  the polish police in warsaw has been sent over precisely because of a lack of trust in the way the brits are dealing with this . 
  they have been making all the correct public statements , but all these attacks show that more boots on the ground are needed . 
  if there are no cops , recruit security guards . 
  make a difference . 
  show that you actually care beyond the bland statement . 
  people attack out of a sense of impunity . 
  if the british police 's prescence in these communities are not increased much more , then it is inevitable that the community will take justice in its own hands . 
  that 's what many chinese did in the uk decades ago . 
  let 's hope that the brits have learned a thing or two since . 
  thus far , not much points in that direction . 
  let 's see how long it takes before the usual suspects come out in full force trying to downplay this . 
  `` the problem is not racism . 
  we just have a lot of cunts . 
  i get harassed because i 'm ginger '' ( looking at you , heknarf ) `` what evidence do we have that this is systematic ? '' . 
  this is even worse than the racist attacks . 
  it is the clear refusal to stand in solidarity with the victims by trying to downplay the social forces that led to them being assaulted . 
  claiming nothing can be done is implicit approval , or at the very least disinterest , which in pratice leads to the same outcome . 
  nope . 
  the woman who was attacked because she was muslim was attacked because she was * muslim * , not as a woman . 
  also , did you miss this :  while both are heinous so where have i tried to `` rationalise violence '' read correctly . 
   both instances are similar . 
  if both are similar , then why do the two different phenomena have different names ? 
  it 's because they are different . 
  you ca n't fight misogyny by thinking its the same as racism . 
  so what do you do in a homogenous society ? 
  if you take the conflated view , you 're left with no framework of thinking about it . 
  sure , racism/misogyny can sometimes be present in the same situation . 
  the fact that she was targeted and not a man could be because women are seen as easier prey . 
  but that still does n't change the fact that she was not attacked because of `` modesty '' values , which is the case in the attack in istanbul . 
  she was attacked becasue she was visibly muslim . 
  do you * really * think the attacker attacked her because he thought she was too lightly dressed ? 
  as i said : trying to conflate the two is trying to downplay the attack . 
  i 've already commented on this before , but i 'll be brief : those attacks are racial/religious in nature . 
  those people are being attacked out of bigotry . 
  these attacks are based on a stone-age fundamentalist attitude against women . 
  you are trying to mix apples and oranges . 
  so when someone is attacking a woman in hijab , it is n't because they object to her as a woman , it 's because they attack her as a * muslim * . 
  therein lies the difference . 
  nice try relativising it , though . 
  right , but this is also the point i was making . 
  istanbul as a whole is n't nearly as liberal as a lot of people think . 
  just like turkey . 
  it 'd be interesting how liberal the city will be in 20 years from now . 
  what current moderate/liberal `` zones '' of the city will still be liberal , for instance . 
  a reasonable guess , based on current political trends , is a lot fewer . 
  rome is n't a village either . 
  would this kind of attack happen there ? 
  nice try , but no . 
  besides , it is n't an isolated incidence . 
  remember the attack in recent months on the people who were listening to ( coldplay , i believe ) while drinking alcohol ? 
  istanbul is not konya , but it is n't nearly as liberal as many people want to paint it as . 
  actually not bad , i agree . 
  he 's just pointing out that putin has a long trackrecord of bribing people from europe 's fringes by giving them a taste of the nice life , and then letting them do his bidding . 
  of course , optionplus takes a sarcastic turn and notes dryly that this is surely not because of putin 's machinations , but simply because he is such a good and decent bloke so he does it all out of concern for these people . 
  none of those things discount the fact that turin is wealther on the aggregate than either naples or palermo . 
  if you begin at 100 and have a crisis and get to 85 and never recover from there , you 're still richer than someone who 's been at 65 and moved to 67 . 
  they 're doing extremely well * given their circumstances * . 
  as much as some want to pretend turkey is european , the reality is that its a mostly middle eastern country , so it should be compared to iran , iraq , egypt etc first and foremost . 
  it also has similar security challenges , in fact , iran is a lot safer than turkey . 
  so given all these things , turkey is doing quite well . 
  it is also paying down its national debt , which is n't something you can say for many countries today . 
  it 's fiscally quite prudent . 
  most expensive gas is actually a prudent thing . 
  it means it will wean your economy off from fossil fuels . 
  you also have a much better track record on renewable energy than many more advanced countries in the eu ( looking at you nl ) . 
  the ez does not need more members . 
  it needs reform . 
  and it also needs to be paired with political reform ( fiscal union ) . 
  that 's what they need to be focusing on , not adding new members . 
  good on the americans . 
  also shameful that they are basically doing what the eu has n't been able to do . 
  merkel has been unable to stand up to their own big corporations and nobody , as usual , is willing to stand up to merkel . 
  so we end up in an absurd situation where americans are basically enforcing environmental law on european companies . 
  a sophisticated and light veil can be tasteful . 
  but a * turban * ? 
  really ? 
  you 'd wear a turban as a girl ? 
  lmao . 
   so many  no one goes i wonder what the size of `` no one '' is in turkey . 
  apparently a lot more than you seem to think , given that the business is viable . 
  gdp is not the same as wages .
