  edit : also , no matter how much we try to avoid the topic , as long as [ the reality looks like this ] ( http://beta.data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.kd?locations=se-ro ) , it will be hard to have people stay in the same place anyway . 
  i mean , just look at native-born eastern europeans . 
  even * they * want to escape their countries . 
  and in percentage terms of their gni . 
  but the problem is that all the shock value that shitty graphs/maps like that are designed for disappears then . 
  ca n't have that . 
  he does n't have an answer because per capita is literally magic to him . 
  showing a big chart/map with billions of euros is always an easy way to trick economically illiterate people . 
  net gni per capita contributions amount to around 0.3 % to 0.4 % for most major eu member states . 
  it 's not nothing , but it puts things in perspective . 
  of course it is n't billions with a b. everytime people try to use absolute numbers over percentages , that is always a warning signal . 
  just like some in the u.s. talk about the federal debt in nominal absolute terms , instead of showing net debt as a percentage of gdp ( which is still too high but it does n't give you the same shock value ) . 
  considering how often i see / pol / mentioned on this sub , i 'm starting to suspect 50 % of their traffic are trollvisitors from reddit . 
  it 's like the american msm media obsessing over david duke . 
  i 'm like , who ? 
  if it was n't for the msm , i would never have known who he even was . 
  it 's amazing how much free pr these people get from people who should know better . 
  we 're trying to make our turkish anti-erdogan posters on this site happy and here you barge in and try to destroy that . 
  shame on you !, 
  ( of course your point is 100 % correct ) . 
  sweden is isolated up north . 
  we have raw materials , and that is about it when it comes to our usefulness to a foreign power . 
  since our wwii leadership decided to give access to those raw materials to the germans , it meant that an invasion was not necessary . 
  had sweden had all those raw materials but had been where ukraine is today , we would have been invaded anyway even if our policies had remained the same , simply because we would be `` in the way '' on to russia . 
  hence , my point . 
  geography matters more than policy . 
  nothing of what you wrote changes that fundamental point . 
   malibu stacy taken away . 
  * triggered *, 
  that was almost too easy . 
  i have three wishes . 
  start using annualised figures in the headline , not the sub-headline . 
  use gdp-per capita , because that is what is relevant to most people 3 . 
  maintain an index to 2007 to show in real gdp per capita , just how far off europe has fallen the american recovery ( exceptions are germany , sweden , ireland and some eastern european countries ) in percentage terms indexed to 2007 . 
  the last point in particular is useful to temper any short-term optimism , and to re-iterate just how europe dug itself by adopting disastrious austerity policies , hawkish monetary policy during trichet , and failing to resolve the issue of fiscal union among the eurozone nations . 
  not true . 
  germany thought about invading sweden , but we decided to give access to the steel . 
  also , the same is true of the swiss . 
  the germans had even further advanced plans to invade them , but the swiss carefully prepared all possibilites and made sure to make maximum use of their ( very pro-defence ) terrain . 
  german military generals went on scouting before a possible invasion and concluded that it would be very tough to invade it . 
  if switzerland had been located between poland and russia , you could bet your ass that they would have been invaded anyway , the same is true for us . 
  geography matters more than policy . 
  considering that poland 's population is stable to slightly declining , it should mean that building new buildings ( preferably with a neoclassical style where it would suit the neighbourhood and more modern in others ) should be easier . 
  you do n't have to contend with high inflows or high birthrates , hence , a large-scale building programme would achieve its goals far faster . 
  of course , this is just me being romantic . 
  since when would people pay all that political and economic capital for pure aethestics ? 
  it was n't just you , though . 
  the brutalist wave was a fad all over the west . 
  that is why paris ' early development was such a blessing in disguise . 
  most of the city center was already built once brutalism and other destructive views on architecture became popular . 
  that was the case for many other european cities as well , but since so many of them had deeply damaged sections in them , it provided an opportunity for pro-brutalist architects to destroy the cities even more . 
  there was damage done in france , too , but mostly on the outskirts of the major cities , which are far easier to raze and re-build than if the poison hits at the city center . 
  then it becomes far harder to purge it from the body of the city . 
   however europe should not cooperate with dictators like erdogan . 
  morally you 're correct , but practically , he will just flood greece again , which is already overwhelmed . 
  what would your plan be , turn greece into an eu protecteriat ? 
   that country doesn \u00b4 t belong neither in nato nor in eu . 
  there \u00b4 s nothing we couldn \u00b4 t accomplish without turkey . 
  turkey is needed in nato , it has a very big army and especially since it is hostile to russia it can shore up russia 's southern flank . 
  it 's also used as an airbase for american aircraft conducting attacks in syria for instance . 
  do you have any figure to what extent it was rebuilt ? 
  the old historic center was destroyed to 85 % . 
  it would have been amazing if they rebuilt all of it , but it sounds implausible ( i 'm talking of the whole historic center , not just the small town square ) . 
  do you have any ballpark estimate ? 
  i was making the point that history has a way of deciding things for you . 
  think about it : if wwi was fought in a little bit different way and paris became under siege like leningrad was during wwii , then the paris of today would n't have existed . 
  conversely , if the french army had n't done so poorly in wwii , paris would also most likely have been built up in a much more brutalist/communist fashion . 
  the polish people did the best they could to warsaw and i have no doubts it is well done considering the circumstances , but of course the preferable scenario would have been to rebuild the old warsaw ( even if that was most likely impossible since 85 % of the old historic center was destroyed ) . 
  that was also my point , even if you have the resources and the time , it is n't always possible to do what you wanted to do . 
  the parisians had the luck of never facing that dilemma . 
  the small european countries typically got away better . 
  cities like vienna but also amsterdam , copenhagen and the baltic capitals all got away fairly well . 
  berlin , warsaw got demolished . 
  moscow of course , as well as st. petersburg . 
  i guess london saw a lot of damage as well , although not nearly as much as the central european cities . 
  madrid saw most of its damage during the civil war . 
  i personally like the old neoclassical style and i do not share the opinion of those who think the glass/steel foundation of warsaw today is to be favoured . 
  people rationalise the present during all ways that they can . 
  go into paris today and compare it with any hypermodern glass/steel city . 
  there is no comparison . 
  i do ? 
  go through my comments and ctrl+f israel . 
  honestly , you come across as a troll once you realised your ad hominem failed . 
  also , why do you keep using ` leftist ' as an insult ? 
  is that a polish thing ? 
  although czechia is n't a major european country , even if prague is gorgeous . 
   and you made it about jews in your comment did you read the parent thread ? 
  i did n't start talking about jews , silly . 
   you leftists hate jews wut ? 
  i pointed out that jews went through lots of assimilation and it did n't save them from mass extermination ? 
  thus i hate jews ? 
  i would like to know how you use logic . 
  if anything , i was condemning europe . 
  which is why i linked the situation with muslims today . 
  if muslims went through the same kind of reform that europeans demanded of jews 150 years ago , would it help ? 
  it did n't help the jews . 
  please try to get some reading comprehension before writing ignorant stuff . 
  thanks . 
  which is funny , because if you know anything about israeli history , the ashkenazi ( i.e. 
  european ) jews did n't want the arab jews ( mizrahi ) .
