  95 % of a car 's time is idle during its ownership cycle . 
  that 's not sustainable . 
  that 's a fair point . 
  although , one should also consider [ this . 
  ] ( https://i.sli.mg/sokaqu.png ) that 's for americans . 
  remember , the average european drives far less on average than the average american , since our countries are much denser and/or smaller . 
  most people who buy hybrids will not , generally speaking , use gasoline on an average daily basis , especially if they live in/around urban areas , which is where most ev/phev sales are concentrated due to better charging infrastructure . 
  [ no ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/euro-area/gdp-growth-annual ) . 
  at this stage , i 'm starting to think you are responsible for 50 % of all content across all message boards . 
  is it your fulltime job ? 
  props to the brits for not falling into the nationalistic trap but recognising when one of their own dun ' goof . 
  a lot of nations [ are n't as good at that ] ( http://www.timesofisrael.com/how-a-french-israeli-grifter-became-a-money-laundering-pioneer-in-china/ ) . 
  hahaha , yes indeed :d, 
  20 % for a guy like corbyn is mental in of itself . 
  should be 2 % . 
  currently , labour is polling in the high 20s , low 30s . 
  there 's no reason that will change any drastically until the next ge . 
  people are well-aware of his views by now . 
  so it 's even worse than 20 % . 
  are you using thinly sourced ambrose evans-pritchard [ articles again ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/04/27/the-european-union-always-was-a-cia-project-as-brexiteers-discov/ ) ? 
  one can smell it from a mile away . 
  supporting the eu is n't necessarily at odds with this . 
  remember that the eu was about creating a pro-american bloc , from the american perspective . 
  however , supporting a structure that was always prone to sabotage ( often using the uk as a proxy ) and delays , in case it moved in too much of an independent direction . 
  a * too * divided europe would n't be in america 's interest , as it would be prone to foreign interference from other outside powers ( read : soviet union ) . 
  indeed . 
  i wonder who is downvoting . 
  burgers are a given , but which europeans ? 
  maybe the brits for me pointing out their cold war role . 
  what 's depressing is that a lot of europeans in general do n't even know this . 
  so easy to fool , so easy to manipulate . 
   do you have any source to back that up ? 
  it 's illegal for the swedish state to specifically track people 's ethnicity and religion once they are citizens , but we do have migration stats for when they enter the country ( age , sex , religion , educational background etc ) , and most iraqi refugees who have come to us are actually christian . 
  we have * huge * numbers of assyrians in sweden . 
  a lot of iraq 's christian minorities have gone to sweden . 
  there are also a lot of muslim sects who are essentially branded as heretics by the mainstream sects and are 100 % secular , we have tons of those . 
   they just did that in ukraine . 
  ukraine was an outside invasion by an aggressive power . 
  tell me how that is any way remotely comparable to the civil war you 're talking about ? 
  who is going to invade europe and provide military and material support for a guerilla warband ? 
  turkey ? 
  we 'd arm the kurds within a few seconds and then watch turkey burn in their own blaze of glory . 
  plus , it 'd turn kurds and turks against each other ( even more ) among those * within * europe , which also undermines your theory of civil war , because that theory necessitates an united opposition . 
   people like dr. steffi von berg from the german green party who proudly announce that the ethnic germans becoming minority in their own country is a good thing well , fuck her , but the green parties in most of europe are retarded on this stuff . 
  ours had an islamist/turkish 5th column ( mehmet kaplan ) . 
  the isolated metropolitan elite does n't speak for their membership base on these issues . 
   in poland communism fell thanks to regular unarmed people . 
  because communism was an alien/foreign system imposed on from the outside by a massive military power . 
  you keep bringing up exampels which hinge on russian intervention , with one of the most powerful armies in the world and direct military occupation with thousands of tanks . 
  that 's not civil war . 
  that 's war . 
  that 's occupation by another military . 
  it 's not relevant in this discussion . 
   wanting europe to `` seize their destiny '' while at the same time not wanting to put in resources to make their countries independent ? 
  let 's not distort history . 
  successive american administrations have done a lot to keep western europe divided ( and hence reliant on american security guarantees ) . 
  this was the historical role that britain played , as america 's offshore balancer inside europe . 
  does european lack of solidarity also play a role ? 
  yes . 
  but kissinger 's disingenous question - who do you call when you want to reach europe - was vapid precisely because he knows damn well that he and his predecessors have worked * very * hard to make sure there is n't one . 
  american foreign policy in the 20th century was uniformally dedicated to prevent the emergence of peer competitors . 
  historically , there have only been two places where that has been possible : western europe and north-east asia . 
  when americans did not pay attention to this , two empires rose , nazi germany and imperial japan , both of which americans had to spend a lot of blood and treasure to defeat . 
  it 's now impossible for western europe to challenge american hegemony , so that is why you openly hear american ir scholars talking about transferring the infrastructure of nato to europe and withdraw , it 's why you hear obama talking ambivalently about nato 's commitments . 
  russia is n't a threat and neither is any western european country . 
  now china is . 
  but what is true today was not true for most of the 20th century . 
  i 'm not cursing americans for following a hardnosed realist foreign policy based on their own core interest of preventing any rival to their superpower status . 
  if i was a murican , i 'd do the * exact * same thing and not apologise for it one scintilla . 
  but all of that being said , let 's not be na\u00efve here . 
  i was n't asking for the source , i was just wondering what he does that he knows turkey 's martial rape laws off the top of his head , i was assuming he was studying this stuff for a living ( or speed-googling before he replied to hit turkey with something ) . 
  whichever it was , i wanted to know which it was . 
  [ original thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/4yji2g/corbyns_view_of_nato_one_of_his_articles_from_the/ ) . 
  thanks to the folks over at / r/ukpolitics . 
  i 'm sorry , but just no . 
   please remember that as silly as this idea might be to most we had holocaust only 70 years ago european eugenics was * very * popular for many decades prior to this . 
  to say it was unimaginable is incorrect . 
  ironically , eugenics was often most popular with secular leftists with a high iq , the archetype being keynes but we also had them here in sweden ( gunnar myrdal etc ) . 
  hitler was extreme in his interpretation , but sweden had a de facto sterilisation programme of the roma . 
  we also sterilised native swedish women , the so-called `` feeble minded '' . 
  something like 70,000 were forcibly sterilised . 
  that is * huge * for a so-called `` progressive country '' . 
  look at the similar programmes in canada for instance , and what they did to their native tribes etc. 
  it was in the air . 
  and that 's just eugenics . 
  then we had the whole war of the races viewpoints , which was the right 's answer to the left 's war of the classes . 
  it was n't a surprise to anyone who paid attention . 
  it was just a lot of self-centered european sophisticates who never looked themselves in the mirror and asked where they were when all these things were being promulgated . 
   recent migrant crisis , terrorism issues and the whole muslim thing have divided people and pretty much eliminated centrism and we now have extreme left and extreme right fighting for power . 
  extreme right fighting for power ? 
  le pen has no chance next year . 
  afd got to their 15 % . 
  maybe they 'll get to 20-25 % then they stagnate . 
  wilders is doing well , but he is still at something like 20-25 % in the polls ( note , most of the polls in the netherlands count * seats * , not percentages , so be careful when looking at them ) . 
  extreme left ? 
  the only party i can think of which is supposedly extreme left is syriza , but frankly they would be mainstream democrats in the 1980s . 
  it 's just that our economic and political map has shifted so far to the right in the last three decades that what used to be called mainstream is now apparently militant leninism if we 're supposed to believe the high-minded neoliberal press . 
   so yes , things that seem to be impossible to you at this very moment do have a chance of happening . 
  no , they do n't . 
  for there to be a civil war , there has to be two sides in which each side has at least * somewhat * of a fightning chance to the other .
