  it is just a lot weaker in most europeans than it is across the middle east , but it exists nevertheless . 
  my guess is that this kind of tribalism will grow stronger because many men from the middle east are not liberalising enough , so it becomes a more tribal competition . 
  we are liberal and `` our '' women are liberal , but `` their '' women are being kept from everyone , or shamed , if they engage in liberal lifestyles . 
  thus , we are taken advantaged of . 
  that 's the basic logic and it is n't wrong tbh . 
  if we do n't see an equal playing field , then there will be action taken one way or another . 
  reciprocity matters for social harmony . 
  pollsters talk of a ` status quo ' effect in the uk . 
  we saw the same phenomenom occur with the scottish referendum . 
  scottish voters flirted with independence a few weeks out but once you got to the last stretch , the final days , people started to consider the implications more seriously and moved back to the unitarian position . 
  it looks like a similar shift is happening with regards to brexit . 
   and no , we wo n't bail you out here . 
  you invaded iraq which introduced al-qaida in the region , and isis was spawned as a follow-up to them in iraq . 
  you are responsible for the instability , wars and chaos . 
  you will bail us out , because you started this mess . 
  no , that is not the issue . 
  the issue is a monetary union without fiscal union . 
  with a fiscal union , a country like greece would not have needed to do the same kind of radical internal devaluation . 
  the de facto cost for the rest of the eurozone would have been much smaller . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-36578321 you will deny reality until the end . 
  it 's personal for you . 
  it 's so obvious . 
  blinds you . 
  the same can be said for gays . 
  and the opposite can be claimed for trans ( `` oh , they just choose to be trans , it 's confusion '' ) . 
  your explanation does n't hold water . 
  it should be mentioned that the bbc reported that the attackers of the lgbt event were deliberately set free , so he gives them carte blanche in effect . 
  meanwhile critical journalists of his regime get jailed in the thousands , so erdogan is doing 100 % cynical public pr here . 
  [ watch the video ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36571303 ) . 
  watch what his regime * does * , not what he postures for the cameras . 
  the goons do n't even get a slap on their wrist , so this pr stunt means nothing . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  i knew worldnews was garbage but upliftingnews is now also infected ? 
  the cancer is spreading faster than i 'd imagined . 
  the average rich eu state like germany pays in 0.3 % of their gni to the eu . 
  of that , only about 1/3rd goes to the poorer eu states . 
  so 0.1 % of gni . 
  that is a pathetic sum by all accounts . 
  also , this is n't just about the ee states . 
  ** all ** of europe needs to do much more infrastructure investment , which the eurofin group has acknowledged . 
  guess which nation stands in the way ? 
  germany . 
  i 'd prefer reddit gold , 
  not just muslim countries . 
  india for instance has quite progressive laws on transsexuals but very homophobic laws . 
  this seems to be a pattern in quite a few developing countries which is very hard to explain . 
  someone got any theories ? 
  young , metropolitan hipsters with a cosmopolitan outlook voting for the anti-nationalist choice ? 
  i would never have guessed . 
  judging this to be ` anecdotal ' is very vague . 
  by that standard all news are anecdotal . 
  what do you think about sikhism ? 
   `` this leaves the door wide open for private companies to police content and very likely over-block or delete any content they are unsure about '' brussels has a lobbyist problem . 
  the same people who always demand that `` muslims must distance themselves from violence '' and then pat themselves on the back when they claim without evidence that it never happens . 
  stories like these crush that narrative . 
  killing or maiming 100 + people is n't just `` stirring shit up '' . 
  pledging loyalty to islamist groups ca n't be swept under the carpet although you are trying * really hard * . 
  as for :  he did n't know anything about the groups he pledged allegiance to most isis recruits have not even read the koran . 
  does that mean we should dismiss their acts as somehow not radical islamist terrorism ? 
  it 's actually amazing how much mental gymnastics you are willing to do in order to avoid stating the obvious . 
  it 's funny that you complain about a double standard when you are going to * enormous * lengths to avoid calling a brown guy a terrorist and a islamic fundamentalist . 
  i wonder why that it is , 
   just wanted to stir shit up i 'll let that idiotic quote stand for itself . 
  it was invalidated . 
  you can scream yourself blue in the face until the sun comes down . 
  it does n't change the fact , no matter how much you try to pretend otherwise . 
  people have been objecting to similar anti-gay laws in other parts of the islamic world , and they are on the books . 
  you have no argument . 
  he was in serbia the other day , and just a few months ago he was in [ czechia ] ( http://thediplomat.com/2016/03/president-xis-visit-to-czech-republic-sparks-praise-protests/ ) . 
  i feel like this story is underreported . 
  here is the leader of the largest economy by ppp-adjustment in the entire world , making a series of visits to plenty of east european countries and the coverage in the press is minimal . 
  if obama had done a series of visits to eastern europe , people would have lost their minds . 
  just shows that most people are not yet aware of the strength and importance of china yet . 
  we can only speculate what his larger strategic aim is - my guess is to hedge american influence in asia - but it is significant . 
  i hope the ee countries get a lot of investment out of this as the eu has failed to invest adequately across europe , even germany has failed to invest enough infrastructure in itself . 
  the guy literally called 911 to pledge loyalty to isis while he was in the nightclub gunning people down . 
  are we really going to play this `` mental health problem '' bullshit ? 
  by that count thomas mair was n't a committed far-right extremist but just a `` standard nut job '' . 
  mental health is not an excuse for a violent ideology , whether it is radical islamism or neo-nazism . 
  tired of seeing people excusing either of them . 
  did you read your own link ? 
  it was invalidated by that country 's surpreme court . 
  my larger point about radical islamists being far more violent than christian right-wingers stands uncontested . 
  showing an anti-gay bill is not the same as murder . 
  do you understand the difference ? 
  there are shades of homophobia , and while all shades are disgusting , it is silly and stupid to assume all are equal . 
  they are not . 
  can you into space ? 
  not really . 
  christian right-wingers are not nearly as prone to violence against gays . 
  bigoted and intolerant , yes , but not murdering to the ( same ) extent , at all . 
  we saw the same braindead comparisons with the homophobic christian bakeries last year in the u.s. . a lot of people stated that `` oh it 's just the same as the radical islamists '' . 
  after orlando nobody believes that bs . 
  i feel like poland has these bursts of crazy . 
  we saw a similar thing happen in the mid-2000s , then it went away and now it has resurfaced . 
  it is like a ghost that refuses to die . 
  the vast majority of elite australians ( the ones that matter and make policy ) are pro-asia and are certainly not longing for some commonwealth bs . 
  most of the relevant commonwealth nations are already pacific powers to begin with , so focusing on asia makes sense to begin with . 
  if you doubt any of that , just read what they say about brexit in the australiana academia ; they are scathing . 
   as much as everyone else might hate it they have more reasons to brag than anyone in europe .
