  i agree with what everything you say , i 'm just cautioning against overestimating turkey 's geopolitical hand . 
  they have no real allies and their only non-nato options are all pursuing middle eastern policies which are the * exact opposite * of what turkey has been doing for the last few years . 
  so , given that position , while i would n't mind having them in nato , we should n't get too desperate to keep them in anyway as that might lead to far too many concessions . 
  sometimes the debate sounds as if we need turkey much more than they need us , but as i said , they are internationally isolated . 
  they have no friends in the world . 
  azerbaijan does n't count . 
  violent can be defined in many different ways . 
  i was n't referring to a bloody/lethal outcome . 
  like your ridiculous `` so uncle sam would * shoot down the jets * !?!?! '', 
  comment . 
  similarily , non-violent can mean more ways than just ghandian non-violent resistance  the world is n't binary . 
  but anyway we 're getting way , way off-topic here . 
  it helps secularism but it does n't help democracy . 
  are you going to ban all those who write stuff against a secular viewpoint ? 
  also , if you support this , what makes you think they wo n't come for secular journalists ( once again ) in the future ? 
  if the pattern is set that its okay to purge ideologically uncomfortable journalists , then it will become okay for future illiberal ideologues and demagogues . 
  how are people like you to complain then ? 
  you were fine ( or at least ambivalent ) with it as long as it did n't touch * your * kind of people . 
  no offence but the spanish are not relevant in nato/turkey relations . 
  g\u00fclen lives in the us and not in a madrid suburb for a reason . 
  you have n't even understood a single word . 
   if the us supports hardcore islamists like saudi arabia and uae , why would they have a problem like that with turkey ? 
  you did n't understand my point . 
  my point was that all that matters to the us is whether the country is pro-us hegemony or not . 
  saudi is , so they get a stamp of approval . 
  the us would n't have a problem with an ultra-islamist turkey as long as it is their poodle . 
  who says you need to invade it from the outset ? 
  turkey has a 15-20 % kurdish population . 
  arm them and watch the country go boom . 
  remember all the outside kurds in syria/iraq . 
  demographically they could easily become 30 % or more of the total population . 
  then intervene for ` humanitarian ' purposes . 
  russia can join in on the fun . 
  it 's doable . 
  but the question is : do we want it ? 
  i do n't see why anyone would purposefully want to see turkey engulfed in a civil war . 
  it serves no purpose . 
  why ? 
  turkey is internationally isolated . 
  if it gets cut off from the west , it ca n't go to india or china . 
  it 's now crawling on the floor for russia , but remember that russia 's middle eastern foreign policy has been the * exact opposite * of turkey 's under erdogan . 
  russia has been pro-shia and pro-secular dictator like assad . 
  turkey has been de facto pro-islamist terrorists , arming them , letting people across the border etc. 
  russia and turkey are never going to be friends because both of those countries pursue * radically * different middle eastern policies . 
  erdogan crawls before putin out of desperation . 
  do n't overestimate turkey 's leverage . 
  they have no real friends . 
  nobody is seriously proposing an invasion of turkey either . 
  it 's like the whole `` take back constantinople '' meme . 
  it only exists in the fervent imagination of redditors and shitposters on / pol / . 
  who said anything about shooting down ? 
  you can just prevent people from taking off through non-violent means . 
  remember the circumstances . 
  this is a coup in the middle of the night . 
  people are dying by the hour , thousands are being hurt . 
  you 're thinking about the situation from the safety of your home , in a neutral context . 
  again , the whole point is that the us has been involved in middle eastern coups for * decades * . 
  they do n't get overtly involved , but they do provide support in the background . 
  how is this even news ? 
  ask the kemalist generals of the past 50 years if the us was ever a neutral party . 
  how will this jibe with the polish foreign minister , who has attacked cyclists and vegetarians as `` not traditional polish values '' ? 
  you are confusing demographics with influence . 
  the british were no more than a couple of thousands at any given time in india during the colonial period but they ran the place . 
  also , akp got almost 50 % of the vote in your last election while chp got 25 % . 
  that 's roughly double the amount . 
  but if you want to pretend it 's `` same same '' go ahead , but do n't expect others to indulge in your delusions . 
  sweden : * visit the mountainous north . 
  it is quite pleasant to walk around especially in summer time ( long and bright nights ) . 
  the wildlife there is amazing . 
  the one around stockholm is the most famous but gothenburg has a good one as well , even places around h\u00e4lsingland . 
  it 's helpful if you know someone who has a * stuga * , as they will be able to show you around . 
  if you do n't , logging is often quite accomadative . 
  swedish armies did a helluva lot of pludering during the great imperial wars in europe during the 17th and 18th century . 
  the result is that we imported a lot of culture that is n't originally ours . 
  so stockholm is ironically a good place to find plenty of central european treasures . 
  another great museum is the so-called vasa museum which deals with the lion of the north and the beginning of sweden 's flirtation with imperialism . 
  there are also interesting musuems on vikings . 
  i do n't usually recommend museums for tourists in most countries , but i think sweden has a pretty good niche . 
  context ? 
  you 're missing the point . 
  the point is that the two major factions in turkey today are either islamist lite or islamist hardline . 
  in previous years , it was secular vs islamist . 
  now the seculars are so weak/purged that erdogan is being challenged * from the right * . 
  the key here is n't what other parties did or did not do . 
  the key is * who counts * . 
  the seculars are fragmented and increasingly irrelevant to the turkish political scene , which the coup exemplified . 
  the u.s. does n't have any authority to conduct dronestrikes in pakistan either , and when did that stop them ? 
  do you really think international law prevents a superpower to conduct its business when its vital interests are at stake ? 
  because all the previous coups were done by a secular military guarding against islamists . 
  and even if they were n't , all the previous coups were supported by america because the plotters had a pro-american foriegn policy . 
  why * would n't * they stand down in such an instance ? 
  the key test would be if there was a coup by an explictly anti-american faction . 
  do you really think that the airbase would used so generously ? 
   we are both anti-erdo\u011fan maybe you , not him . 
  his posts speak for themselves . 
   i have been `` accused '' of being kurdish , greek , a pkk shill and i 've been called a communist and a pro-nazi fascist by the same person within the same comment . 
  what does that prove ? 
  nothing . 
   now you call me an erdo\u011fan apologist when you 're shilling for one , you get called out . 
  that does n't mean you * personally * approve of erdogan .
