   human condition , really , our bodies are slowly dying so people love to go into denial about it . 
  what is love ? 
   eastern european countries do n't belong in the eu if they think they can take billions from the west and send millions of their people here without ever contributing anything this is word vomit , plain and simple . 
  the imf estimates that the ee countries have lost upwards of 6 % of their gdp because of these migrations . 
  you know why the entire british establishment , including the theresa may , was against brexit ? 
  because they did the numbers . 
  they know that ee and other european labour is great for their economy . 
  despite the propaganda : they are a * net fiscal benefit * . 
  they help in the nhs . 
  i could go on . 
  yet here you are saying they do n't contribute . 
  sorry , but sending your prime-age workers is like losing a leg to them . 
  what they get back in `` development aid '' is pittance . 
  the eu budget is 0.3 % of gni on average for most western european countries . 
  remember that only 1/3rd of the budget goes to development aid . 
  so western european countries have spent 0.1 % of their gni per year on eastern european countries . 
  that 's fucking laughable when you consider what they get in return . 
  and we have n't even talked about the companies who in many instances got monopoly in those markets ( like carrefour etc ) because they faced no real competition after the fall of the wall . 
  like i said : you 're literally spewing word vomit . 
  spare me the faux outrage . 
  ireland kept going because they were being given the nod to go ahead for all these years by eu elites . 
  this was known to everyone , yet nobody reacted . 
  yet now we 're seeing all these hypocrites claiming to be shocked - utterly shocked !, 
  - at learning what they were told . 
  * please * . 
  it 's easy to blame the irish . 
  nobody wants to look at the enablers of their economic model . 
  convenient , huh ? 
  nobody is serious about kicking out the dutch . 
  they just have to get their tax system in check . 
  your anti-ee jihad is getting more pathetic by the day . 
  for those who did n't get this guy 's ( spot-on ) [ reference ] ( https://youtu.be/e2h8ujx6t0a?t=14s ) . 
  what if i told you it was a haystack that was * made * of nothing but needles ? 
  it 's sad to watch what is happening with croatia . 
  the italy of the balkans . 
  maybe it 's better in the long run . 
  too often the dangling prospect of funds is being held in front of their noses . 
  a slow but steady decline would mean that this kind of extortion would be less and less successful . 
  many of these countries are going to see dropped revenues anyway as they develop . 
  furthermore , being unreliant on foreign donors makes for better discipline and economic prudence . 
  bouncers do n't exist in the civilised world ? 
  til . 
  indeed , but romania is also at less than 1/4th of their economic development . 
  that they are growing faster is n't notable in of itself . 
  they should look at korea 's growth when korea was in their income bracket . 
  it was doing 7-8 % on a regular basis for decades . 
  who has denied that eu helps ? 
  what i 'm questioning is your monocausal explanation of eu funds = wealth . 
  the sharply divergent trajectories of ireland and greece should make you pause . 
  instead you waste that opportunity completely . 
  i 'm disappointed . 
   was it as interventionist as the soviet union ? 
  is this the level of your argument and intellect ? 
   better than your insufferable smugness . 
  i only dish it out to those who have earned it . 
  no regrets . 
   h1bs are a thing mostly filled by indian grunt developers making 2-3x less . 
  do n't be so sure . 
  remember that the cheating in this case has been about * pollution * not range . 
  so you only have range left . 
  how often do you hear about pure petrol cars `` cheating in range '' ? 
  quite rarely , if ever . 
  range is inherently harder to cheat in , and for evs in particular , it is difficult because the batteries in a tesla today is more or less the same stuff you have in your laptop . 
  it 's a known quantity , so people know the general characteristics . 
  whereas the kind of specialised systems in dealing with nox pollution is very specific to to a certain section of ice cars . 
  it is a niche product . 
  lithium-ion batteries are sold by the gazillions in everything digital you have , with few exceptions . 
  we know it * very * well and its properties . 
  you add that factor on top of the fact that range cheating in general is more rare , and while you may be tempted to think it will be just as easy to cheat , that is a mistake to make . 
  in fact , the current ice companies understand this well . 
  it 's why they try hard to rig the test so they do n't have to cheat ( because it is much harder ) . 
  witness the disaster of nedc . 
  however , that is a result of political lobbying . 
  it 's not a technical issue , which is what the diesel emissions scandal was . 
  also , thankfully we have alternative tests , like the epa test , which has a far more realistic test . 
  it 's been quite a few years now , and so far the range on the epa tests have matched the real-world usage for most of the ev enthusiasts so far ( whether tesla , volt , leaf , i3 etc ) . 
  you 'd have to come up with an intelligent argument why that would suddenly change . 
  and it has to be better than `` well , i think so , it makes * sense * '' . 
  it has to be based in facts . 
  give technical reasons . 
   hybrid car not relevant to evs , as we 're talking pure evs here . 
   for electric cars especially the heating system is relevant . 
  it 's always turned off when the range is determined . 
  not necessarily . 
  that 's european lax standards , not universal ones . 
  also , the issue here is n't cheating . 
  it 's lax standards to begin with . 
  i 've made this point in greater length [ below ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/52ieab/diesel_at_dead_end_as_europe_shifts_to_electric/d7kr7su ) . 
  bad comparison . 
  it 's well known that nedc is a terrible system of evaluation . 
  that 's why all ev enthusiasts use the american epa model , which is far closer in real life range . 
  the nedc is n't cheating per se . 
  cheating would imply that standards that are strict are being bypassed . 
  nedc is the opposite : low standards to begin with , thus no cheating required . 
  it is the result of incessant car maker lobbying , often from german car companies , and the inevitable folding of eu elites . 
  the article asks a good question : why is it that vw 's cheating was discovered in america and not in europe ? 
  it 's not like america has a lack of a big internal auto industry . 
  not a nice question to ask oneself if you 're a ( german ) politician . 
   hungarian prime minister viktor orb\u00e1n 's government had made serious mistakes and treated refugees almost like `` wild animals , '' asselborn said , pointing to a fence the country has built to prevent asylum seekers crossing its borders . 
  let me get this straight .
