  skimming the list of names , it appears it is once again dominated by pakistanis . 
  this should serve as a wake-up call to that community that they need to be much more pro-active in getting these gangs in check . 
  there are plenty of pakistanis who are contributing to the uk , and if these gangs are not stopped , those achievements will be overshadowed and tarred by these scandals . 
   people are far more secular than before but i ca n't say same things for the goverment when was `` before '' ? 
  i 've spoken to quite a few turks in sweden and most say that there is much more radicalisation today than there was even 10 years ago . 
  xi has done quite a tour lately around small eastern european countries . 
  he was in czechia recently , he has invited been buddying it up with slovakia . 
  he has even approached bigger countries like poland . 
  it 's very clever diplomacy . 
  modi has gone all in on the u.s. but mostly forgotten about the eu , the chinese as usual are long-term thinkers . 
  if xi can forge much closer ties with ee ; it would weaken the unity of europe which is n't his primary aim : it is to get at the united states . 
  europe has acted as america 's lapdop for a long time , and the ee states are less likely to accept that status quo , thus making europe less pliable to american demands . 
  it 's a way to hedge american influence in asia . 
  i do think the serbian 's overestimate how important they are , however , judging from their `` launchpad into europe '' bs . 
  the ee states should maximise this opportunity to the greatest extent . 
  a lot of investment is needed and the eu is n't stepping up . 
  eternal life and reincarnation = kebab ? 
  reddit , we 've done it !, 
  i talk about today . 
  using your ` logic ' germany is a genocial state today as well . 
  it 's silly . 
  i mean , technically ban is correct . 
  how can you not involve the occupier of a territory if you want to solve the conflict ? 
  that does n't mean that russia will be given moral equivalence . 
  okay captain poland , make a good case for why turkey is genocidal . 
  can you come up with an argument for once or are you just spamming nonsense again ? 
  your entire thread is basically the fallacy of ` appeal to authority ' . 
  someone who is great at software does not necessarily be great at political economy , and the only reason you invoke his name is to command respect , because if the `` appeal to authority '' logical fallacy did n't work , nobody would use it . 
   but to discard his views on this issue as irrelevant would be simply stupid , nobody should discount his views , but it should not be treated as gospel because `` omg bill gates '' . 
  that is a lazy way of thinking . 
  think critically : what makes him more qualified to speak about political economy , a subject of which he knows little about , than other non-economists ? 
  more importantly : if you want to find clever people being against brexit , then choose an economist or a political scientist . 
  not bill gates . 
   especially when some brexiters claim that uk would be a lot more attractive to foreign investors post-brexit . 
  i 'm not bound by the lies of the brexit camp . 
  i clearly stated that in the long run , there are good reasons to believe that the uk would continue to be a very attractive location due to pro-business laws , a highly educated work force , some of the best universities in the world , the biggest financial center with new york , a flexible and strong labour market and so on , and so on . 
  that 's not the same as `` more attractive '' . 
  just no major difference , once the volatility is sorted out . 
  i think on the kurdish issue in particular there has been a subtle shift of sorts . 
  most people knew about it before but it was n't a major issue for them due to ignorance . 
  these days , most know that the # 1 opposition of isis has been the kurds . 
  additionally , hdp , the kurdish party in turkey , is actually quite attractive from a western standpoint . 
  certainly far more than akp . 
  when it was pkk vs chp , there was no contest . 
  so the political situation has changed as well , the turkish establishment has managed to look less attractive for the first time . 
  maybe not a huge factor for tourism , but a political factor which influences broader engagement that in the long run can affect stuff like tourism . 
   genocidal a bit of an overreach , would n't you say ? 
  turkey 's fall into despodent islamism has been sad to spectate , but calling it genocidal is a bit hyperbolic . 
   overcharge me while the foreigners come for the half price they probably do that to you because they have a personal dislike for you . 
  it 's a near-universal rule that tourists always pay more from the locals because tourists are always so easy to rip off , do n't know the local prices etc. 
  bill gates has also said that the world needs an ` energy miracle ' even when he is [ ignoring one under his eyes ] ( http://thinkprogress.org/climate/2016/05/02/3770561/bill-gates-wrong-carbon-tax-2/ ) . 
  just because someone is awesome in one area of life , does n't mean that competency automatically transfers to all aspects of life . 
  i happen to think that brexit would be economically destructive in the short-term for britain but i highly doubt it would dent its long-term attractiveness . 
  it 's still one of the most competitive economies in the world , it has the most important financial center ( and no , nobody will move to paris or frankfurt ) , plus it would n't be cut off from the eu anyway . 
  some sort of arrangement would be introduced . 
  it 'd still be a net loss economically speaking in the short run , but long-term there would not be a major difference . 
  never mind the idiot , 99 % of us appreciate you being here , 
  really ? 
  i was myself surprised at how muted the response was , considering that germany has 3 million turks . 
  i mean , outside the bundestag , most of the show was stolen by tiny armenian groups . 
  i was half-expecting hundreds of thousands of angry turks marching down the streets of berlin , yet what we saw instead was a pipsqeak . 
  very alarmist headline . 
   90 percent of the people of turkish origin in germany surveyed said they feel comfortable in germany . 
  87 percent said that they feel closely or very closely connected to germany . 
  that 's 2 percent more than the number who said they felt a close connection to turkey higher than east germans , too . 
   7 percent said violence is justified if the aim is the expansion of islam . 
  7 % accepting violence means 93 % do n't accept violence . 
  7 % is still too high but it nevertheless not 57 % , which is what you 'd expect if you would have believed some of the more hyperbolic stuff you read on this site . 
   half of all the respondents said that islam is the only true religion . 
  surprised only half of muslims think their own religion is the only correct one . 
  since western europe barely has any christians anymore ( actively participating ) , i 'd be interested to see what evangelical christians in america or the hardcore catholics in poland would have have answered on the same question . 
   almost half of those surveyed agreed with the following statement : `` it is more important to obey religious laws than state laws . '', 
  this is a vague statement . 
  let 's say you are a non-pork eating muslim . 
  if the state says pork must be served in the cafeteria you eat in at work/school , which is more important , state or religious law ? 
  if the state says your wife ca n't have a hijab , when she clearly wants it and her full face is visible etc , which is more important , state or religious law ? 
  for those minor issues , i would n't see a problem with a religion-first world view . 
  it 's only when we get to more substanstative issues such as divorce matters or respect for women 's fundamental rights ( like divorce , them being able to work and live freely if they so choose etc ) that these issues become more immediate . 
  but the study from what i can tell never makes these distinctions , instead it lumps small-time everyday issues together with the bigger philosophical issues and that is a shame , because they need to be separated . 
   tgd chairman sofuoglu thinks both sides have a responsibility . 
  he says the german state should show more respect for the turkish language , for islam , and ensure that everyone who has lived here for a long time can vote in municipal elections . 
  but he adds that there 's work to be done by turkish immigrants and turkish organizations . 
  `` the turkish associations need to participate more , show more loyalty to the german state and the german constitution , '' said sofuoglu . 
  that sounds like a reasonable position , but i 'm not sure if most turks really need to show more ` loyalty ' when 90 % of them already feel closely connected to germany . 
  higher/increased participation seems like a more direct benefit , for both the community and germany . 
  rip . 
  i hope we can honor her life and premature passing by introducing more security personell . 
  i 'd hate to see britain become less open , where people ca n't talk to their mps anymore , but clearly this attack showed that something had to be done . 
  he was harassing her for a very long time , pulling her hair etc , before he shot her . 
  had there been at least a bodyguard , outcome could 've been different . 
  you 'll be back . 
  but first pay debt !, 
  less work , more free stuff . 
  i 'm sure that program would get votes but maybe you should listen to your own words :  utterly fucking wrecked britain, 
  yeah , that guy was a total fuckhead . 
  rip . 
  this woman had two small children . 
  i ca n't even begin to imagine the pain her husband is now going through . 
  or the pain of the kids growing up without their mum . 
  exactly my point .
