  they should have targeted the english working-class in particular , because england is the key since scotland and to a lesser extent wales are more remain . 
  is labour really that devoid of credible working-class campaigners ? 
  is it all a bunch of izzard/brand/geldof types these days ? 
  glasman has spoken intelligently about the ` blue labour ' project , and so has jon cruddas , but those are intellectuals/policy wonks more than they are campaigners . 
  the only natural campaigner i can think of is blair but that sociopath is radioactive these days and might be indicted for war crimes . 
  so i guess i am surprised just how thin labour 's bench really is . 
  this campaign has mostly been tory vs tory tbh . 
  never said he was pro-remain , i 'm angry he is mia . 
  people think he is for it ( most people do n't know pol 's detailed voting record ) , so they expect him to campaign on it . 
  instead he 's against it and letting the clowns and the champagne socialists take over . 
  he should have the balls and admit he 's pro-brexit . 
  remember `` a new kind of politics '' where pols were supposed to be honest ? 
  yeah , me too , that was hilarious . 
   a majority of the population is irreligious . 
  i 'm not christian either , why would i get provoked by someone wearing a christian cross ? 
  even if it was a nutjob . 
  surely , we can distinguish between the sane and the not-so-sane ? 
  we should be offended by a religion being hijacked by the extremists , not the symbol of the religion itself . 
  itt : alex jones about to happen . 
   christian crosses just to provoke others  far right party please do n't mix these two up . 
  and yes , they are disgusting . 
  ~ ~ i hope she will be alright ~ ~ and i hope they get shut the fuck down . 
  edit : rip jo . 
  whenever you ask yourself why politicians lie so much , remember : they do it because it works . 
  the kind of ethnic enclaves i 've described can be quite violent and [ fundamentalist ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/galloway-bradford-elections-uk-ge2015/ ) . 
  the native-born population in those places are often too poor to move and get exposed to that kind of nasty stuff , including [ their girls ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rotherham_child_sexual_exploitation_scandal ) while the urban educated classes have little to no contact with it . 
  i also do n't think it is comparable to a bunch of happy-go-lucky british pensioners in malaga who are too lazy ( and frankly too old ) to learn a new language . 
   you ** missed ** the bit that 's a very generous description of intentionally ignoring it because the story is simply too hilarious to let go . 
  you brits ca n't stop being so stereotypically polite , can you ? 
  stop being so charming < 3, 
   as a no borders anarchist  i 'm pro-brexit you have * no idea * how much i hope you 're not trolling right now . 
  that would be an unmitigated disaster , it would fuel brexit propaganda about a ` vindictive ' eu . 
  the rest of europe has to have the steely nerves to sit this one out . 
  it has to be an internal british debate and falling for the impulse to intervene - or to threaten - would be a catastrophic mistake . 
  of course i want the brits to be in , but this decision has to be theirs , and theirs alone . 
  any outside pressure or influence peddling would n't just be tactically wrong , it would be unfair play . 
  what would rankle the brits more than that ? 
  i ca n't think of any british national trait stronger than a strong sense of fair play and to violate that is the wet dream of the brexit camp . 
  [ do n't shoot the messenger ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epgh02dtiws ) !, 
   `` do n't tell me what to do '' or `` but immigrants though '' . 
  right , but those two responses are rooted in history , though . 
  how many of the labour elite today come from traditional working-class environments ? 
  most are oxbridge graduates , many are living in posh london neighbourhoods . 
  many have sort-of lectured working-class labour voters in patronising tones , telling them they know their lives better than they do . 
  the second point about immigration is an illustration of that . 
  the most successful migrants tend to assimilate and move to london or other urban centers where they hold more liberal attitudes . 
  if you 're an educated white liberal , and those contacts are your main frame of reference , it is easy to assume the same holds true down the ladder just adjusted for lower incomes . 
  and yet the white working class have been living with bradford , east london and increasingly ee enclaves in places like lancanshire where there have been high levels of tension and ethnic enmity . 
  they are then told that a ) they are racists for talking about this and b ) that the real fault lies in that they have too few skills to cope with globalisation because immigration policy can never be wrong . 
  it 's this disconnect that leaves a lot of the brexit supporters , i think , to this knee-jerk reaction . 
  if that is the baseline , it becomes harder to engage people because there is a history of distrust that has to be worked over . 
  anyway , that 's my shallow interpretation as an outsider . 
  could be totally clueless , 
  boris would dump the wages to the floor if he had the change , and gut the nhs . 
  the point is that people 's wages have been falling , and if you compound that with large-scale migration , it becomes politically toxic . 
  boris and the gang merely exploit that , just like they pretend that they would invest more money in the nhs if britain left the eu . 
  the problem is not their credibility , which is zero , but that the vulnerability arose in the first place . 
  that is a failure of the establishment . 
  bob geldof and eddie izzard have managed to do the impossible : make farage look sane . 
  i 'm still furous over corbyn basically going mia for the entire campaign , so all the champagne socialists and clowns took over . 
  gee , considering labour 's struggles with their working-class base , those kind of people are the best the remain camp has managed to put out ? 
  the only established politician who did any good in any of the debates was sturgeon , but she 's snp and so a big turn-off in england ( which is where most of the brexit votes are ) . 
  it 's actually amazing how incompetent the remain side has been . 
  still better than google +, 
  no , i think some english dude said `` peace in our time '' . 
  then another english dude said `` we shall them fight in the streets '' and save western civilisation , but that was in the 40s . 
  i like the 2nd one better , although i 'm aware the indians and the kurds are not too fond of him ... and maybe germans too :p, 
  look , i think it is possible to be pro-brexit without being described as ` hysterical ' . 
  i also think it is possible to be pro-brexit without degenerating into xenophobia and smear campaigns against other europeans . 
   dead pigs head ah , that changes everything . 
  for a moment , i thought he had lost his mind . 
  phew . 
   it 's so focused on immigration yet the brits do n't see they 've already fucked themselves . 
  the eu did n't force them to mass import muslims . 
  it 's not just that , though . 
  there are places in england , especially outside of london , where there has been ethnic enclaves of eastern europeans and there have been tensions and a loss of social cohesion . 
  there 's also the issue of falling wages for the working class ( although falling wages have happened to the median worker as well and that is due to the recession more than immigration ) . 
  nevertheless , even if that is the case , if your wages are falling , seeing a massive influx of people can put a strain on the system . 
  the issue of radicalisation in bradford and east london was , of course , not caused by the eu and this is where the brexit people are a bit schizophrenic . 
  they 've said they would prioritise the commonwealth again , but this means nations like pakistan and increasingly-islamist bangladesh would skip the queue again . 
  not really . 
  turkey 's center of gravity has always been in the middle east or at the very least divided . 
  russia 's center of gravity has always been the european theater , bar none . 
  they conquered large swathes of land , but almost all of that was * extremely * sparsly populated . 
  their population is concentrated almost entirely in europe , whereas turkey 's population nearly all live in asia . 
  all the major wars russia has had over the last 500 years have been with european nations with the exception of their conflagration with japan . 
  all their ruling classes were taught in a classic european education and their rules were christians . 
  to compare turkey and russia is frankly quite ignorant . 
  i think he meant more the demonisation of eastern europeans in general in the uk media , especially from the brexit camp . 
  you ca n't blame that on bf alone . 
   i do n't think you can play their support off as being minimal . 
  i think he meant electorally  they have over 1.4 million likes on facebook , let alone how many people share their bs . 
  that 's pretty huge . 
  did n't think it would be more than a few thousands . 
  well , if ukip ever becomes co-opted we know what the next right-wing populist party will be . 
   people in the comments saying `` i do n't know much about david cameron but i think he fucked a pig '' i would count myself as one of them . 
  i know little about him , but i 've heard he fucked a pig . 
  you got ta admit it is pretty hilarious . 
  you missed his point . 
  being pro-eu is in some ways being pro the current path .
