   1,1 million is the number of arrivals you 're quite right , but i am working under the assumption that most of those who came are going to try and stay by every method possible in germany , even if they get a rejected application . 
  further , that number only covers those who are registered . 
  do you know if german intelligence/police/authorities have come up with a decent estimate for the shadow population , who came in last year but were * not * registered ? 
  http://www.migrationsverket.se/images/18.5e83388f141c129ba631111f/1469690944038/total_s%c3%b6k.png mind you that new asylum rules were introduced on july 1st , they are going to last for 3 years . 
  if the right-wing wins in 2018 , it is likely that they will extend those or even make them ` permanent ' . 
  the senior leadership of the left probably also want to do the same , but they are under much more pressure from their grassroots and media , so they ca n't come out with it publicly . 
  but there have been off-the-record stories in major newspapers which basically indicated that most political parties understand that sweden needs a massive break for years to come to sort out the current situation . 
  that being said , we got 300k people last year , if you count both the official numbers and the swedish police 's estimates for the shadow number . 
  historically , about 50 % of all asylum seekers got a yes from their application . 
  after july 1st , it will be lower , but most of those who came last year already applied . 
  i do n't know how many we 'll deport , but i can tell you right now it is sure as hell not going to be 80k even over several years . 
  we will have a large shadow economy built by illegal immigrants in sweden who we are unable to deport because afghanistan/iraq/pakistan wo n't take them back . 
  and pro-big business right-wing will love that ( cheap labour to exploit ) and the left will use their identity politics to put pressure on the political left to prevent any meaningful action . 
  this is what happened in america . 
  the crony capitalists took over the gop and the identity politics left ( la raza etc ) changed the electoral calculus for the left . 
  the longer this festers , the longer sweden will be a de facto two-speed economy . 
  the end game is probably mass amnesty , but that will incentivise further illegal immigration . 
  it 's a vicious self-enforcing loop . 
   there 's not much to be proud of  a bit dull  everything else about belgium is perfectly average thanks for confirming my stereotypes . 
  we need to institute somekind of belgian pride month or whatever , because this got ta end . 
  and i 'm being told that * i 'm * mean !, 
   our roads are now better than german and belgian for sure let 's calm down now , friend . 
   polish roads are still nowhere near german standards . 
  frankly neither are american roads either . 
  germany 's road infrastructure beats most oecd countries . 
  poland has improved quite a bit in the last decade but you 're absolutely right in that they have a * long * way to go until they get to 1st world standards . 
  i 'd be betting maybe a decade more . 
  their highways are up to scratch but its their smaller roads which need help . 
  also pavements in their cities are often quite garbled . 
  ruining all my puns !, 
  well , if there 's one thing i 've noticed then it is that belgians seem to love beat up on themselves . 
  i 've lost count the amount of times i 've seen people with belgian flairs describe their own country as average , boring , dull etc. 
  i 've been to belgium twice . 
  it 's a nice country with friendly people as far as i could tell . 
  the weather was n't great when i visited , but neither is sweden 's . 
  the people were very pleasant . 
  i just do n't get this self-loathing i see all the time from belgians on here . 
  always taking a dump on their own country . 
  greece is a good choice . 
  i also think croatia is overlooked . 
  actually , i 'd even recommend you considering china ( ! ) . 
  my family were shocked when we found out that taking a direct flight to china cost less than a flight to italy . 
  also , the cost of living in china is very low . 
  we got a decent 3 + hotel 750 m from the forbidden city in beijing . 
  while it is often the case that the further away you go , the pricier it gets , there are exceptions . 
  i do n't know the prices from ireland but given the massive amounts of flights between europe/china these days , you can often find quite competitive prices . 
  do n't you have like 16 different police departments in belgium too ? 
  i remember something like that when i read analysis pieces in the aftermath of the brussels terror attack . 
  it just astounded me when i read it . 
  and the building on the opposite side needs a new color . 
  hmm ? 
   pln invest now . 
  ftfy, 
  well , you know a lot more than me . 
  so a pet pig is a special breed , i assume ? 
  what is the cost of feeding them , similar to that of a dog ? 
   nordicgirl42 nice try , esti . 
  not really , most eu money comes from other states . 
   hundreds of thousands will be due for removal . 
   only about 22,000 were forcibly removed last year . 
   the government hopes to persuade many of those refused asylum to return voluntarily . 
   but some are already opting to disappear from official view , living underground , trying to avoid removal . 
  i 've often joked that sweden is mini-germany . 
  the dilemma in germany is precisely the same as in sweden . 
  we took in 163,000 last year . 
  on a per capita basis , that is the highest amount of refugees taken by an oecd country , * ever * . 
  the government has said it was going to deport 80,000 over the coming years . 
  last year we deported something like 4000 people . 
  it 's never going to happen . 
  now the germans are finding what we are finding : a lot of those who get no just go underground . 
  additionally , getting these countries to take back those who want to return is a very tough thing . 
  [ just ask the interior german minister ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/afghanistans-minister-of-refugees-no-agreement-on-taking-back-deportees-from-germany/a-19020715 ) . 
  there has been some acceleration in recent months , but it is still very slow . 
  i think most of those who came and got rejected are unlikely to leave . 
  one final thing . 
  remember that both sweden and germany took in * huge * amounts of people last year who did * not * apply for asylum . 
  so the real figures are much higher than the official numbers . 
  in sweden , our national police estimated that shadow number last year at roughly equal the amount who came in and applied for legal status . 
  i do n't know the figure in germany , but i 'd guess it is probably the same proportion and maybe even higher because a lot of those who came to eastern europe just left right away for germany anyway . 
  this kind of large , illegal population is what america has been dealing with for many years and now it will be an issue which germany has to deal with for many years to come . 
  i 'm regretting it every single day . 
  * what will i tell my children * ? 
  it 's gets stressful to even think about it . 
  what about the odor ? 
  or is that a myth ? 
  you obviously want a loose asylum regime . 
  i do n't think that 's news to either you or me . 
  but you would have saved both of us a lot of time if you just admitted what you just did at the outset . 
  instead , what you did is to use one terrible/dumb excuse after another to rationalise your political beliefs . 
  like hiding behind `` germany had no choice '' , massive lie . 
  or `` japan gets almost nobody because of geography '' , massive lie . 
  your false claim that germany would need to throw out the constitution is just that - a false claim , disproven by japan . 
  what this boils down to is what i wrote at the outset : political choice . 
  a country will get the amount of refugees it gets depending on how generous its interpretation of the geneva convention is . 
  germany 's interpretation is quite generous , so it gets a lot . 
  japan 's is extremely strict , so it gets almost nobody . 
  this has nothing to do about geography . 
  it has nothing to do with national constitutions . 
  my hope is that next time , you 're more honest with your ideological leanings and just declare up front what you believe instead of putting up bullshit which are easily demolished . 
  why are you scared to admit that you want to keep the current refugee regime ?
