  they should go and tan themselves and / u/whitepslams85 will immediatedly have a higher threshold of tolerance of bigotry . 
  i wish i was joking , but this is how * some * of those on the liberal/left function . 
  majority are still sane , though , no matter what the right-wingers claim . 
  have you ever been to poland ? 
  maybe you should visit before you compare it to egypt or iraq . 
  try walking with a girl who is in a tank top with a short skirt in those three countries and see what the result is . 
  or any other social indicator of tolerance . 
  i never tire of giggling when i see some western ~ ~ liberals ~ ~ trying to - with a straight face - compare poland with the more regressive parts of the muslim world . 
  edit : see you 're a fanatic supporter of israel , where the ultra-orthodox have an iron grip on religious matters , even mundande things as weddings . 
  oh , the irony . 
  edit2 : see you 're a frequent poster in / r/the _ donald . 
  i take back calling you a liberal . 
  it does . 
  it 's correctly called total fertility rate . 
   it turned out the guy who was supposed to be monitoring for this was playing a game on his phone instead . 
  ca n't wait for ai . 
  naturally it wo n't be perfect , but for these monotonous jobs , it 's perfectly suited . 
  so the british left is more culturally conservative than the swedish right . 
  astonishing, 
  you 're making it easy for yourself if you only think it is slack domestic demand or weak worldwide growth . 
  the economic pathologies of italy began in 2000 . 
  the crisis merely accelerated the process . 
  you are the weakest economy in europe after greece and portugal . 
  ireland is doing great , but this just shows that gdp methodology needs serious further reforms , or discontinued as the primary economic indicator . 
  gnp is better , but the rise of 18 percent is still nuts . 
   some people idealise the act of going out in a blaze of glory , like charles xii has i do n't see how you go out in a blaze of * glory * when you financially ruin a country and lose massive amounts of territory . 
  going out in a blaze of glory means that while you might die , at least your country ends up on a net plus . 
  c12 totally fucked up on that count . 
   between him gustav , i would definitely pick the latter , did n't like his genocidal tendencies , though . 
  i mean , caesar was basically guilty of massive genocide in gaul , which is not something you read in most history books . 
  makes you think that most genocides are condemned or not depending if the side committing the crime wins or not ( and thus writes the history books ) . 
  my favourite is charles x , who made significant military modernisation and administrative/economic reform . 
  he had a few small-scale wars in which he advanced sweden 's position . 
  if anything , the ruin of c12 showed beyond repair how important it is to curtail a system built on strongmen . 
   lion of the north is a cool as fuck title agreed , although technically speaking it was a nickname rather than a title , but still cool to be sure . 
   why do ngos keep inflaming the situation ? 
  here in norway we had volunteers braking migrants out of deportation camps and generally making the situation unstable . 
  take a look at your gdp per capita . 
  you 're one the wealthiest countries in the world . 
  objectively speaking , you have no major problems and no major threats ( russia is n't going to invade you ) . 
  so if you live a very prosperous life in general , some people will invariably get bored . 
  i used to overthink this issue but honestly , i think this is mostly that . 
  it 's one thing to pro-refugees , but when you intentionally create chaos in the system , i view it as a response to boredom . 
  just like a lot of anti-fa kids are coming from middle-class families and not the working poor they claim to represent ( who are too busy making ends meet ) . 
  i did n't even know about le topot until a few months ago . 
  we were never taught that in school ( i wonder why ... ) i also did n't know that we looted a ton of treasure from poland and that this is still a live issue apparently , 99 % of swedes have no clue , including myself up until recently . 
  so , just know that our government is conspiring to keep its population in the dark about the stuff we looted , else it would have had to return it . 
   i hope this will finally lead to a crackdown on the scene of violent left-wing extremists . 
  it is so frustrating to see how left-wing militants are so often treated differently than other extremists . 
  indeed , and the fact that your comment has been downvoted so much as to have it as `` controversial '' just proves that your pov is n't very appreciated among large sections . 
  it 's the same problem in sweden . 
  our police were telling anyone who would listen that the vast majority of political violence came from far-left groups . 
  however , we were fed lies that it was all neo-nazis . 
  our state tv did a documentary on this 2 years ago and the whole media lost their goddamn minds , the journalists who did the doc were accused of carrying water for fascists and whatnot . 
  tells you a lot what the ideological biases are . 
  thankfully , the discussion has matured in sweden and there is now a more open conversation of tackling * all * violent extremism , but there is still a lot of resistance in some quarters in the media and the general cultural instutitions to even admit that this problem exists , and secondly , that left-wing extremists often get treated much better by the media . 
   charles xii is a much better choice than hitler , though he completely ruined sweden , though . 
  financially , militarily , lost massive amount of territory . 
  he was a disaster on all counts , yet he is somehow venerated by the far-right . 
  also , being better than hitler is a bar so low , it does n't even count . 
  in my view , adolphus is a far better choice in the sense that he actually ended his reign with sweden gaining stuff . 
  although he did some pretty near-genocidal stuff in central europe . 
  poland lost something like 30 % of its population ( some of that was due to famine , but still ) . 
  charles x was also a great king , because he actually started the whole military and economic renewal drive which allowed charles xii to ruin everything . 
  i think that kind of nostalgia is total bullshit , but if you are going to engage in total bullshit , at least pick the right person ffs . 
  killing your children and people with pollution from coal is a `` traditional polish value '' ? 
  keep this up polska , and you 'll become an even bigger meme than us . 
  do n't forget the vegans . 
  it 's funny , i visited warsaw over the weekend and saw quite a few vegan caf\u00e9s and restaurants . 
  there has to be a lot of bloodclots burst as these `` pro-family '' politicians are driving around town in their fancy cars . 
  we agree on that one . 
  i would push for immediate nationalisation and then break up the big banks post-fiscal union . 
  after that , i would slowly sell off the banks , but only after seperating retail and investment bank sections . 
  banking must become boring again for it to become stable . 
  not really . 
  you 've drunk the libertarian kool-aid hook , line and sinker . 
  sweden has had a generous welfare state for a long time now , and our net debt is * negative * . 
  meanwhile , supposedly more `` capitalist '' countries like the us has much more debt and a far less sustainable pension system . 
  https://i.sli.mg/fuytfd.png this is what happens when you do n't do the research and just rely on lazy talking points . 
  you bet !, 
  i do n't see how this is news ? 
  there have always been a band of far-right nutjobs who long for the * good ` ol days * in germany . 
  the german intelligence services have always had their eyes on them . 
  we 've had a similar phenomenon in sweden , although for us , it 's less wwii and more charles xii and the whole `` sweden as a mini-imperial power '' nostalgia . 
  geography is not a hindrance . 
  australia loosened up their asylum rules when the kevin rudd-led labour government came to power and , lo and behold , their asylum numbers spiked to considerable levels virtually over the course of just a few years . 
  people were coming from iran , iraq , pakistan , afghanistan etc. 
  even somalia . 
  we know what happened next . 
  if japan had germany 's asylum rules from mid-2015 , my country 's , they would see a very large rise . 
  the australian experience shows that modern smuggling networks today are far more able than you seem to understand and/or be aware of . 
  in hindsight , brexit might have turned out to be a blessing in disguise . 
  the eurozone banking system is one giant clusterfuck and dealing with that * on its own * is a huge challenge . 
  brexit forced these issues to the fore . 
  now imagine doing it with a world-wide recession to boot . 
  we 're lucky we are dealing with it now , rather than getting it when the shit inevitably hits the fan , i.e. 
  global recession . 
  the whole `` bail-in '' mechanism did n't really get off the ground . 
  the u.s. dealt with its banking sector in a decisive manner post-crisis , and got their npa ( non-performing assets ) down much faster . 
  in the eurozone , however , not much has been happening .
