  now they are attacking their opponents as `` xenophobes '' for daring to want poland to remain a land for poles . 
  this is straight out of the west european playbook . 
  it 's shocking how fast poland changed politically . 
  not a good sign if the biggest eastern european power so desperatly wants to be a part of the self-hate club if it can only be accepted . 
   very very few people here want them , despite the `` polls '' that are being forced down our throats . 
  which polls are you referring to ? 
  also , this quote caught my eye :  she 's trying to secure herself a position in european parlament by acting as `` one of them '' this is one of the problems with how the eu is constructed . 
  namely , you can now fuck up your country pretty royally , as long as it is along the lines of what the `` eu wants '' . 
  so even if your country hates you , you can effortlessly move on to brussels and get a plush eu job and get rewarded for it massively . 
  i 'm generally pro-eu but this is one of those things that is really existential that the eu needs to sort out . 
   po is no where near center-right . 
  actually they are . 
  center-right does n't mean `` conservative '' . 
  they are liberal conservatives . 
  and my point is that while immigration matters , most people vote on domestic issues . 
  we ca n't have a situation in poland like in most other western european countries where you can either choose between a party that is terrible on economics ( right-wing neoliberalism ) but good on immigration or terrible on immigration but better on economics . 
  that was my point : no matter what your economic preferences , 3rd world immigration should * not * be on the ticket . 
  so even if they lose by a landslide this october , this new worrisome development remains . 
  i guess poland has become part of west europe in this sense , in the worst way of the term . 
  as someone who has polish blood and knows the polish language , poland was always a long-term option for me once the economy got to a decent position . 
  i do n't want to move there in 10 years or so only to find that they are going down the path of france or sweden . 
  is n't this interesting . 
  sweden is held up as a bad example of how * not * to be . 
  30 years ago sweden was an example to be followed in europe . 
  interesting how times change . 
  also , not surprised that she did a u-turn . 
  poland has always had too much of an inferiority complex to germany and other west european states . 
  polish elites want to be accepted * so badly * it 's crazy . 
  by all accounts , the polls show her losing in the election but the thing is , even if she does , it 's still very concerning that one of the main parties would abandon their positions held just a few days ago in this manner . 
  it should n't matter which party you vote for , neither should promote 3rd world immigration . 
  ** note how kopasz 's party is supposedly `` center-right '' ** . 
  this matters a great deal for it exposes the lie that this is a left-right issue . 
  merkel is supposedly a `` center-right '' politician , as well . 
  yeah the opposition is even * further * to the right of kopasz but her party is `` liberal conservative '' / `` center right '' . 
   anyone who recognizes greek philosophy , roman law and christian ethics , as cultural roots of his identity , and enlightenment-rooted liberalism as foundation of their social-political outlook . 
  let 's be realistic , if i was a brown kid from india with hindu roots how the * hell * could i adopt that ? 
  i mean the key phrase is `` cultural roots '' . 
  well if someone 's cultural roots is n't christian ethics or greek philosophy , what then ? 
  this is the situation most non-eu migrants are in . 
  so while you leave the window * open * to acceptance , in reality the bar is set so high that its almost impossible to pass it for a non-european . 
  i 'm not saying that 's a bad thing , i 'm just saying that 's how it is . 
  so i kind of wished we stopped this cultural definition and admitted that there is a racial component to it * but only if that racial component is linked to culture * . 
  so it 's not enough being white , you still have to have the cultural background , too . 
   especially from poland slovenian inferiority complex spotted, 
  well at least the man is honest about what he is after . 
  instead of being treated to a bunch of bs and lies about `` pragmatism '' or `` we did n't force this issue '' or `` it 's all about being humane '' . 
  mr. sutherland tells it like it is . 
  he does n't want a white continent . 
  period . 
  there 's something to be said for his honesty . 
  let 's hope merkel is next . 
  look at his username . 
  he 's a self-described fascist . 
  they do n't believe in democracy - which he of course demonstrates . 
  you 're trying to appeal to him using logic . 
  see the issue ? 
  of course he does n't understand the problem of praising orban for being a democrat and in the next sentence slamming democracy . 
  i 'd be interested in your own map using your well-established source ( s ) . 
  give every country ( you can be bothered with ) a ranking from 1-10 .0 . 
  if you have some extra energy over , provide a single-sentence summary for scores which are either very high or very low . 
   crack team of defenders of european values the current team works so well for us : we stand for everything , therefore we stand for nothing . 
  tolerance of all and everything !, 
  even that which we say we 're against . 
  sounds shizophrenic ? 
  that 's because it is . 
  keep telling yourself that if it makes you sleep better at night . 
  two years ago , sd was polling 6-7 % in sweden . 
  today they are at 27 % . 
  sweden is not an exception , but the rule . 
  we all want this to be true , but thus far this guy is just one source . 
  yeah he cites one or two surveys but for the most part it 's a lot of statements . 
  whenever i see single academics claiming something to be true , while most people in the country saying it 's heading in the other direction , i * tend * to trust the people . 
  i met quite a few turks this summer , working in sweden . 
  all of these guys go back to turkey for vacations . 
  all of them said that their villages , towns and cities have become far more religious and conservative . 
  violence against women is up over 1000 % since erdogan took power . 
  this is n't consistent with a liberal society heading in the right direction . 
  was surprised to find brazil higher rated than the u.s. iirc poland was the only major european country to have favored romney in 2012 . 
  all other countries , germany , france , italy , uk etc went for obama in 75 % or more margins . 
  why poles hate romania ( if that picture is to be assumed to be correct ) ? 
  any theory for why greece gets a much lower score than italy or spain ? 
  yeah , like when turks run over kurds with cars in bern . 
   we need to drop immigration to damn near 0 and then pound integration into people like a nail into a piece of wood . 
  the generation of immigrant children born here should be taught to think of themselves as swedish to at least some extent . 
  sorry but this thinking is n't helping anyone . 
  you ca n't integrate these people coming from arab/african lands . 
  that 's the point . 
  sweden is n't america . 
  our country is n't based on a thin and vague notion of propositions . 
  swedishness is rooted in history and experience . 
  swedes have been trying to run away from that fact for the last 100 years but that has n't helped them . 
  repatriation is the only viable outcome . 
  look at our school system today . 
  swedes are self-segregating and so are the mena crowd . 
  you ca n't create some government program or just shout `` integrate ! '' . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  what we will have is either legalised apartheid , which i do n't want , or we repatriate and say , you know what , this was a massive flop . 
  and as ardous it is to repatriate these people , ultimately it 's better to sweat a little in the short term and be well off in the long term . 
  i kind of hope they wo n't . 
  it would deflate sd , which is n't a party i 'm especially sympathetic to ( moved far , far to the left ) , and it would n't solve the issue .
