  rape can also be used as a form of social domination , of imposing ones social norms on another group . 
  look at the cases in rotherham , which had a very strong ethnic angle . 
  it was in some sense a way for the ultra-conservative pakistani community saying to the white british one that it disapproved of their sexual mores and as such , it gave itself licence to rape their most vulnerable girls . 
  rape can be random , yes , but any historian worth his or her salt knows that it can also be systematic in a way that is not random at all and is in keeping with the social objectives of a particular group against another . 
  what a nonsensical argument . 
  britain will continue to an integral part of the european political scene within or outside the eu . 
  spain is one of the most lgbt friendly nations on earth and it shows  btw , i am ashamed in admitting that i did not know that madrid is so beautiful . 
  i should visit sometime !, 
   poland is such a shitty neighbor that gives us hell every other day . 
  really , how ? 
  i 'd be curious if you could actually articulate your ( obvious ) hatred for poles . 
   oh and humor me why i should be happy that we throw even more money at the country that receives from the eu ( so basically my tax money as well ) more than the next few combined germany spends 0.3 % of its gni on the eu budget . 
  only a third of that goes to development aid , so 0.1 % of germany 's gni goes to eu countries , of that only 1/10th goes to poland , so in other words , germany spends 0.01 % of its gni on poland . 
  you may think this is a huge sum , but i also think you 're pretty deluded in thinking so . 
  and that is not even counting the fact that a bigger market to the east is good for german companies , etc , but this kind of logic is lost on you since you clearly hate poles and poland as a nation which gives me the excuse to return to my first question : how exactly is poland `` giving germany hell every day '' ? 
  oh , look , white leftists bashing eastern europeans . 
  what a surprise . 
  poles should become brown and adopt a non-christian religion tomorrow , and you 'll love them . 
  why are you so predictable ? 
  i do n't know , from what i 've seen you are very hostile to them and that probably rubs off . 
  i certainly see it from a third , neutral standpoint . 
  also , if you are so against subsidising military hardware , are you also against the subs you ( practically ) give away to israel ? 
  if not , then you should just admit you do n't like eastern europeans . 
   this is mostly just a simbolic move but poland wants to buy at least three submarines until 2020 for about 1.5 bln $ and replace that old junk we have at now . 
  i hope you guys consider us , we have pretty good ( and quiet ) diesel subs . 
  although it seems you are snuggling up to germany , so it seems like a foregone conclusion that you 'll buy it from them :(, 
  this is the correct answer . 
  / thread, 
  the article is wildly misleading . 
  the applicant pool of people who would fulfill a high-tech it job is very small , in any economy . 
  5 million people are not going to be highly qualified it specialists , or similar jobs , so the example used in the article is total bullshit . 
  a much bigger problem is the high drop-out rate . 
  if it had any merit , it would have focused on that issue a lot more than writing a `` by the way '' sentence about it and then quickly moving along . 
  germany and the uk have very strong labour markets because they are able to supply lower-skilled labour with jobs . 
  if spain wants any hope to do that for itself , it should forget about it specialists and look more at how to pair people with vocational training and associate degrees . 
  not everyone should be pushed to college/university . 
  germany has a much lower share of university graduates than many other economies yet a much better employment rate . 
  these reforms would take a long time to do , but they are doable . 
  step one would be to focus on the right stuff , not the bs of sensationalist and uneducated/ignorant bloomberg articles . 
   brexit showed the people that leaving countries will be treated very harshly . 
  disagree . 
  all the damage done so far has been meted out by the market , not the eu institutions . 
  the economic damage is similarily largely about the question of uncertainty . 
  the eu has not adopted any stringest measures against the uk , hell , the uk has n't even invoked article 50 yet . 
  more accurately , one could say it shows the turmoil of exiting the eu . 
  * india about to crack down on illegal caste system in remote rural areas sounds pretty good . 
  i do n't see what is happening which is making people so twitchy . 
  the world has never been safer . 
  headlines just making people irrationally paranoid . 
  my guess is that hofer will do even worse in a 2nd round , especially in light of the brexit mess . 
  also , since the border is much more secure now and the summer surge never happened , the prime issue has now largely been blunted . 
  can hofer win against bellen on the domestic economy and other factors ? 
  sounds unlikely . 
  did they miss 2 trillion pounds ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  learn to seperate cases from each other . 
  s&p is still a joke though . 
  no , it was n't hit after the 2008 crisis . 
  it was downgraded during the so-called `` fiscal cliff '' and it was a bs excuse because obama did n't accept the so-called `` grand bargain '' which was essentially austerity on steroids . 
  instead he raised taxes on the rich . 
  the s&p made a political judgement , better to cut stuff for poor people than to raise taxes on rich people . 
  that 's why it is a clown institution , it is more about politics than economics . 
  moody 's and fitch are both far more professional . 
  the most likely outcome in 2017 will be a jupp\u00e9 vs le pen in a 2nd round . 
  she would be crushed by him . 
  her only hope would be her vs hollande but that is unlikely to happen , especially as the left is split . 
  the french system makes it near impossible for an insurgent party to take control , let alone a foothold , just like first past the post in the uk . 
  ukip got 4 million votes but only one seat in parliament in the last ge . 
  and anyway , taking control is n't even on the cards for most of those parties . 
  they typically stagnate around 20-25 % in most countries . 
  their hope is for the mainstream parties to ape them , and in that , their successes have been mixed . 
  wait , the same s&p who downgraded the us in 2011 based on a faulty calculation with * only * missing 2 trillion dollars in their assessment ? 
  yes , those are the guys . 
   did you seriously think that there would be a plan ? 
  nobody cares what you do . 
  i 'm with wootfatigue , it works best that way . 
  fullscreen mode is clunky . 
  it 's porn to my brain http://voxeu.org/article/japan-and-great-divergence-725-1874, 
   it takes four keys on macs to do what can be done by just pressing prtsrc on windows . 
  someone understands the pain of a newly aquinted mac user !, 
  i ca n't be blamed apple have the best laptops ... 
  istanbul is partly in europe . 
  as for turkey being european , that is far more debated than you let on , including in this sub . 
  i do n't mind the turks , just teased him alone . 
  turkey 's has had far more attacks recently . 
  by your logic turkey is an even bigger toilet . 
  in other words : the irish given awards for being irish . 
  yeah , i can get on board with that , 
  conveniently white and christian , as others have said . 
  that means at the bottom of the western victimhood pyramid . 
  no protection for them !, 
   they did n't vote because of immigration how convenient of you to be a mindreader . 
  if you 're going to do desperate damage control , at least try to be intelligent . 
   only a small percentage of people that may be true if we 're talking about outright hatred , but i * highly * doubt it when it comes to prejudice in general . 
   hat 's i always got mad about eastern europeans hating on muslims . 
  they do n't realize that the people hating slavs and muslims are the same people disagree . 
  i have often found white leftists willing to engage in anti-slavic bigotry , because the targets are poor white people so they are seen as ` safe ' , whereas muslims are poor brown people and thus it clashes with their own identity as tolerant . 
  maybe germany is unique in this regard and does n't have this , because sweden sure does , and i doubt germany is the great exception here . 
  you 're right that there are some that hate all foreigners , slavs or muslims alike ( or both , if you 're bosnian ) , but i would say that you 're too categorical . 
  there are some within the left especially who shit on poorer eastern europeans who would never do so if it was a poor african , for instance .
