  pakistan used to be a fairly secular place . 
  it was founded by a man much like atat\u00fcrk , only he lived for a very short time after its founding . 
  today pakistan is a hellhole , but it was n't always thus . 
  that is why what 's happening in turkey today is so tragic . 
  it is so preventable and watching them slide down the dark path towards insanity and senseless violence is so utterly pointless . 
  yet here we are . 
  dude , i 've already sent you this month 's bribe . 
  i 'm not made of money . 
  that would probably make a decent cs map . 
  maybe add a few obstacles in the court yard . 
  remember the last back and forth ? 
  i know you do . 
  it ended just like this one : i won and you got triggered . 
  we 've reached the point where just about whatever any senior german official says it 's immediatedly treated as high treason to humanity , let alone europe . 
   conspiracy theory  black helo what is going on here then ? 
  is it a german-specific conspiracy theory ? 
  i learned some months ago about `` deutschland gmbh '' . 
  apparently some nutjobs in germany think that the current german gov is a sham and it 's run by an oligarchy of corporations , unbroken from the nazi era . 
  marktplatz even informed me they - the believers in the theory - have their own uniforms . 
  they send out stern notes to german authorities informing them of their illegitimacy with regular frequencty and similar stuff . 
  german conspiracy theories are the best/funniest . 
   i 'm happy that i left a memorable impression not really . 
  it 's more like we had a back and forth for a long time , like we do now . 
  i tend to remember turncoats with zero principles and you 're one , 
   same as they did with previous coups . 
  doubtful . 
  in the previous coups , the islamists were far weaker . 
  also , the muslim world in the early 2000s was much more radicalised and organised than it was during the previous coups during the postwar era . 
  arab nationalism , while a joke today , was actually the dominant ideology up until the 1970s . 
  that speaks volumes about how much more benign the religious landscape was . 
  turks may not be arabs , but they are still overwhelmingly muslims and are affected by the trends in the arab as well as the wider islamic world . 
  and when the rest of the muslim world became more religious , turkey was drawn into that too , but at a slower pace . 
  it was not a coincidence that akp won power when they did . 
  they knew how to talk the soothing language , but crucially , they also knew their base was * much * bigger than before . 
   who says it 'd be a western puppet ? 
  whoever would be put in charge instead of the overthrown erdogan would have been there thanks to western pressure in this scenario . 
  such a person know who they have to thank for their job . 
  just look at sisi in egypt today . 
  if you want to deny reality , go ahead , but i 'm not going to waste more time on that exercise . 
   turkey was far more islamist when ataturk took over and 80 years of secularization was having its effects . 
  it was , yes . 
  however , atat\u00fcrk 's reign did not last for 80 years . 
  it 's na\u00efve to think it has been an unbroken 80 years of secular progress . 
  if you really think that , why did the army step in time and again because the islamists were rising ? 
  a nation which is steadily becoming more secular do n't need an army to save the secular nature of the state . 
  that 's a sign of a nation constantly moving * away * from secularism , but is being held back in place through force by an army . 
  there 's only so much time one can spend using brute force to shove an ideology which was never popular with the turkish masses . 
  it has a sell-by date it does not have popular consent . 
  you should spend some time in turkey first , instead of giving out instant opinions from a distance . 
  and not just hang out with secularised westernised turks , so-called ` white turks ' . 
  you 'd gain a better appreciation instead of submerging yourself in delusion and ignorance . 
  this on the heels of islamists ( with the backing of police ) moving into alevi neighbourhoods a few days ago to harass and terrorise more moderate muslim sects . 
  this is moving beyond politics and straight into religious internecine warfare . 
  i was n't talking about turkey . 
  i was talking about your shifting opinions on the rights of eastern europeans . 
  or , sorry , i meant ` some people 's shifting opinons '  the hypocrisy is always the funniest !, 
  i was thinking about the movie black hawk down for some reason . 
  i still think / u/aboutdesouffle owes us an explanation how he merges helicopters with diversity . 
  this got ta be fascinating . 
  you trying to sound like an expert , boy ? 
  you * do * know what we do with 'em right ? 
  * burn *, 
   let 's make erdogan our dictator that was the plan of western elites since akp got in power . 
  how did that go ? 
  you * sure * you wan na double down on a massively failed strategy ? 
   they sure as hell need us a lot more than we need them not clear . 
  their strategic location is incredibly important for us . 
  what are the main strategic objectives for turkey in central or eastern europe ? 
  they are the beach head to the middle east and have the 2nd largest standing army . 
  trust me , we need them much more than they need us . 
   erdogan seems to go `` full putin '' nah , putin is a sob , but he 's a secular sob . 
  erdogan is going the way pakistan did in the 1980s . 
  a massive islamisation push done by people who were pious but still were fairly comfortable in secular settings . 
  it 's not erdogan who is the end game , but the people he enables . 
  same was true in pakistan and see where that got them . 
  as it stands today , yes , but it is an inconsequential question because it would never happen . 
  if turkey had kept its pace of reforms and the chp got it shit together in the 90s and did n't tank the economy ( paving the way for the akp ) , we would n't even be having this conversation now . 
  if anything , turkey would probably already be in the eu , but with some limits on movement in the initial years , like germany/france put on the ee states . 
   i think it was stupid to start the talks with turkey in the first place disagree . 
  turkey in the 1980s was a different country and it was on the path to reform . 
   i think the idea was to `` form '' turkey to be a country that will be able to join the eu `` shape '' is the word you 're looking for . 
  and yes , you 're correct . 
   i do n't think that the current turkey was supposed to ever enter but a future improved version . 
  indeed , but now the question is : can turkey ever realistically make a turn-around from where it is now ? 
  i do n't see a realistic path in the coming decades , so i do n't see why we should continue the charade . 
  it retards progress from other , genuinely willing states to join by hogging up space . 
  turkey should still be in nato , but i 'd remove the nukes asap . 
   and people are already regretting letting romania and bulgaria in this coming from the same person who was yelling at me a few weeks ago when i suggested some minor curbs of movement to protect ee from their poor demographic condition . 
  here you are saying maybe it was n't a good idea letting them in . 
  oh , silly me , `` some people '' . 
  right . 
  so let 's play your game . 
  let 's assume europe gets involved and uses all its diplomatic and economic might to push a coup against akp in the early 2000s . 
  how do you think turkey 's sizable islamist population would have reacted then ? 
  a blatant western puppet put in charge , they would have howled . 
  their islamist propaganda machine would go into overdrive and frankly speaking , they would n't be far off the truth . 
  that 's a recipe for another iranian-style revolution . 
  you are * vastly * overestimating the support for secularism in turkey . 
  the seculars are maybe 30-40 % ( the upper limit being generous ) . 
  most mhp voters are not secular , but more islamist-nationalist .
