  3 generations is just massive collective punishment , though . 
  i mean , is n't it just better to admit you do n't want any arabs openly , because that is the practical effect anyway . 
   wait , if i 'm reading this correctly australia received 13k people no , it says ** grants ** . 
  not received . 
  two different metrics . 
  grants is the plural form of granting . 
  i 'm not doing english lessons for free here . 
  focus on this :  in 2008 , there were 161 immigrants under asylum laws ; in 2009 , claims jumped to 2,800 so there was a jump of over 17.5 x in a single year . 
  a * single year * . 
  yeah , it 's all about being an island , right ? 
  pfft . 
   if you have country a 75 % employment rate with 10 % unemployement and country b with 65 % employement rate with 5 % unemployment , a is for sure healthier but if you wan na get a job asap you 'll may have an easier time in b , less people competing for it . 
  if you look at those countries with 75 % employment rate , virtually not a single one has an uer of 10 % . 
  sweden has the highest uer of them all , but that is partly because our foreign population has a sky-high uer of around 18-20 % . 
  that 's what happens when you almost only do refugee migration as the primary immigration policy , but we 're an outlier in that regard . 
  our uer is still not too bad at about 7.2 % ( national estimate ) , but it could be better . 
  nevertheless , the hypothetical is not really working because there are no instances with that combination , another reason to fete employment rate  the idea of the stable job with a lot of high social securities disappeared with the globalization . 
  no , this is a myth that nations tell themselves when they 've failed . 
  sweden has sailed through globalisation with its welfare system fairly intact and with a good job market . 
  so has germany , denmark or the netherlands , canada , australia etc. 
  blaming globalisation is a cop-out for national failures . 
   confartigianato says our gdp per capita will return to pre-crisis level in 2027 , twenty years later , if we continue to follow the 2015-2016 growth rates . 
  considering that most economists can not even predict a recession a year before it hits , i would be vary with making forecasts that far into the future . 
  i would guess most economists in italy are probably in agreement on the basic structure of reforms . 
  the question , as always , is political , therefore it is a fool 's errand to make any predictions since politics is a human affair and trying to make prediction in that arena should be self-explanatorily na\u00efve . 
  i 'll admit that italy 's political system makes such reform unlikely , but then again , italy has been europe 's wealthiest economy on numerous occassions . 
  it was on par with the richer northern economies up until 2000 . 
  i 'm not saying it can catch the northern core in the near-term future , but i 'm offering it as a suggestion why fairly significant reform could happen . 
  you 're not greece and anyone who tells you that is lying . 
  but there 's no denying that there is genuine crisis in italy . 
  if the eurozone does not do fiscal integration , i 'd seriously consider going back to the lira ( while staying in the eu ) . 
  monetary flexibility is very important . 
  just ask denmark or finland about that , and compare their tepid to non-recoveries with us . 
  fundamentally , their populations are not less competitive than ours , but we have monetary independence . 
  of course , far more than that would be required for italy than just monetary independence * if * the eurozone does not integrate further , but i think the current system in the emu is a dead-end and reform has been put off for far too long . 
   yeah that 's a common characteristic of the scandinavians ( including the netherlands ) and anglo-saxons countries . 
  in italy it 's the other way around , high public debt but low private debt . 
  in general the italians do n't like having debt , and a part of the people living with parents are doing that to save as much money as possible to buy an house , for example that 's what my father did . 
  yeah , but living with your parents is n't a good thing for social reasons . 
  the reason why scandinavians are not living with their parents have nothing to do with the accumulation of private debt . 
  if you go back 30 years , sweden had * much * lower private debt yet still far higher shares of young people living independently . 
  that 's a cultural trait more so than any economical trait . 
  the build-up in private debt is almost only about housing in sweden . 
  we 've underbuilt houses for 25 years and have taken in very high levels of people , a toxic combination for any housing market . 
  still , nobody bears the responsibility for this but our political class and the people for not noticing in time why housing prices are skyrocketing and ask themselves why . 
   the reason japan get 's no refugees is because it 's a fucking island in the middle of nowhere this a long-standing myth . 
  australia is also an island in the middle of nowhere . 
  guess what happened when they loosened up asylum rules in 2007 ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/asylum_in_australia#end_of_offshore_processing:_2007.e2.80.932012 educate yourself . 
  now adjust those numbers for japan 's far larger population . 
  the whole `` japan does n't get refugees because it is an island '' is one of the single dumbest memes out there . 
   yes , indeed i said that i believe employment rates to be better when describing the shape of the labour market in a country , it 's just that for the average joe who wants to get a job asap , lower the unemployment rate the better , the employment rate is useful when talking macro-economically that does n't make any sense . 
  the average joe is interested in a strong labour market . 
  what 's the best way he can find out ? 
  he should look at employment rates . 
  employment rate is nothing about `` shape '' . 
  i do n't understand why you keep insisting on using this obsolete phrase . 
  it 's all about the * health * of the labour market . 
   the us employment rate in the last 8 years fell more than italy 's and i did n't expect this i have n't looked at those numbers , but if you look at this : http://i.imgur.com/jywfiwh.png you 'll see that italy is * far * behind the u.s. on employment rates . 
  in fact , the only two countries doing worse is croatia and greece and croatia 's employment rate is increasing more than 2x faster than yours , so in a year or two , you 'd likely be next to last together with greece . 
  what is weird is that italian productivity is quite high , although that can probably partly be explained that many of your low-productivity workers are out of the labour force altogether . 
  i think in general there 's been too much focus on university degrees in the debate over employment . 
  most people are not going to have 3-4 year bachelor 's degrees so most of our attention should then be focused on those non-university people , instead of pretending everyone can have a university degree , which is unrealistic . 
  germany has only 20-25 % of higher educated workers . 
  yet the reason why they do so well on employment is that they are able to employ those with a high school diploma alone on a reasonably efficient basis . 
  there 's also quite a bit of learning on the job in germany which is often lacking in latin europe , and that helps those with below-average skills . 
   even northern italy lags almost a 10ish points behind , say , southern germany or sweden yeah , this underlines that the structural reforms in italy that are required can not be ducked by blaming the south ( a national pastime in northern italy ) . 
   at this rate in the 2017 q1-2 italy could have a record-high employment rate , higher than the one recorded in april 2008 ( 58,9 % ) which is incredibly low . 
  anything below 65 % is not really great . 
  70 % is strong and 75 % or more is world class . 
  italy should certainly not be doing worse than france ( at 64-65 % ) . 
  i think you could probably do it , but the problem as always is political . 
  look at the massive backlash in france against labour reforms . 
  italian politics is n't exactly known as less dysfunctional . 
   this means a little though , as the nominal gdp per capita will always be 10 % lower than 2007 's peak and it will hardly recover before 2025 nominal gdp should not be measured in current prices , which i assume you are doing , since you say it will `` hardly recover '' while in reality you 've already started to see growth . 
  http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.kd?end=2015&amp;locations=it&amp;start=1994 if we assume italy 's per capita growth is 1 % per annum until 2025 , that would give you a gdp per capita of 37,225 . 
  still would n't have passed your peak , but certaily much better than `` barely recovered '' . 
  overall , i think your growth rate can rise quite a bit because you have a lot of low-hanging fruit . 
  there 's * massive * stuff to be done in your labour markets . 
  you need to do much more on the mid-to-low end of the educational spectrum . 
  you need to drastically reduce your high school dropout rate . 
  too often everyone focuses on fancy stuff , but generally speaking , at least from what i observe , the best performers over time are those who are diligently plugging away at the economic fundamentals . 
  they may not have the highest growth rate in a given year , but the accumulated dividend of their discipline and hard work propels them beyond most of those who are tempted to boost their economy in the short term through gimmicks like asset bubbles of various kinds or credit-fuelled expansions which always end in tears . 
  actually , that is the one big problem with our economy , we have massive private debt to our ears , even if our government debt is low and declining . 
  but that 's another discussion for another day . 
  you know what basic grammar is , do n't you ? 
  fair enough . 
  most people value a good economy . 
  if you do n't have good ways to get a decent livelihood ( assuming you 're not a highly skilled worker ) , all the weather in the world is n't going to save you . 
  a lot of people who have given up - just drop out . 
  then they `` magically '' get erased out of the statistics using uer . 
  not because they do n't want a job , but because they have lost all hope of ever finding one . 
  how is that a better system ? 
  remember that the uer only measures those * actively * looking for work , not those who * want * to work . 
   it 's much better than lumping in retirees and college students that comment belies a misunderstanding of the employment rate . 
  if you tailor it to 25-54 you get rid of those distortions . 
  edit : i should add that the uer already includes students in many countries , like in mine , so this is a general methodological trade-off which does n't go away by using uer . 
   i myself often use employment rates , preferring them in macro-economics contexts as they show the shape of the labour market in a country , but in micro-economics ones the unemployment rate is what matters for the single person . 
  disagree . 
  uer can be * wildly * misleading if a large section of the population have dropped out of the labour force .
