  disagree . 
  the intra-european bigotry is in some ways worse because nobody talks about ` europhobia ' or whatever we would call it . 
  as a result , it never gets called out and can continue unabated . 
  i 've seen people slur greek immigrants in sweden as a bunch of poor losers who ca n't be trusted with money . 
  it 's all said as a `` joke '' but of course it was racial abuse . 
  ask any slavic immigrant to most western european countries whether racism has gone away . 
  nah , it 's still there , but it often gets very little attention so people think it has gone away ; it has n't . 
  they stole our business model !, 
   for a while . 
  it will most likely last for * quite * a while now . 
  the gop is demographically finished . 
  what follows in america from now on has already been witnessed in california . 
  the main political fights will now be within the democratic party , which means from moderate center-left to bernie-style socialism . 
  there will be a crazy gop minority opposition but they will be systematically whittled down as the years go by , just as it has been in california , until only the most moderate are left . 
  so you 'll have fairly sane/intelligent leadership at the highest level for a very long time to come . 
  by contrast , european politics has gone from mild-mannered to pretty crazy just within the last 10 years . 
  i do n't see a rapid change/turnaround any time soon , if anything a worsening . 
   or a defense policy that 's more likely to be a problem with your country . 
  your fm has licked the boots of putin and your country is deeply isolationist . 
  poland is one of the few countries which has met the nato threshold of its gdp and has been willing to step up its activity in both the east and south . 
  neither can be said of germany . 
  that seems like a pragmatic middle-path option to me . 
  it 's also an implict acknowledgement that the euro has failed - thus far - in its primary task : fiscal union . 
  since my country is not going to go for the euro and many ee states do n't look too keen either , it would create the risk of a `` two track europe '' if full fiscal union is not realised but the euro countries integrate deeper . 
  the confederacy would deepen in areas where it can be deepened and then leave the issue of fiscal union to be decided once the `` easier '' areas of defence and foreign policy are decided . 
  my guess he is assuming that it will be easier to go all-in on fiscal union once those steps are cleared . 
  all in all , it sounds like a reasonable plan , but we 've had enough of plans . 
  let 's make it happen !, 
  the tabloids are happy to continue the racism https://twitter.com/davidclewis/status/747320018082226176, 
  nah , but i have three advantages . 
  the first is that i 'm an anglophile , which comes with the mother 's milk in sweden , it 's a common cultural trait here . 
  we 've been trying to forget since wwii that our culture is actually german , not anglo-saxon , but so far we 've done a decent job deluding ourselves . 
  the second is that i have family in london and i 've visited the uk easily 20-30 times in the last 10-15 years , plus i had an exchange year in ucl . 
  my experiences with the uk is mostly in the london region , so it is n't very broad-based , but i try to compensate for that by reading a lot about other parts of the uk . 
  the last is that i 'm fairly politically interested , so its really a confluence of events . 
  what i wrote is also not really that profound , i think anyone can basically make the same analysis with just reading the msm . 
  by and large , i think the political writing in the uk has a fairly high quality and your think tanks do a good job , so that helps outsiders , too . 
  boring is underrated . 
  german humor vindicated . 
  i had just been lectured that they are the second coming of christ in this thread . 
  with the media skills of the blairites , its a match made in heaven . 
   i have not made up my mind yet whether i like ttip or not . 
  oh pls  i had never seen such a staunch defender of corporate interests as you in that other thread . 
  it was an impressive performance . 
  while i applaud his move , it feels cheapened by the fact that it is post-brexit and ttip was essentially already killed with it . 
  it would have been braver/more substantive to come out earlier , he surely would have had the backing as a socialist pm . 
  better late than never , though . 
  now let 's hope we get more of these definitive statements from across europe and we can bury ttip for good ( sorry , / u/marktplatz ) . 
  yeah man , it 's all old leaks . 
  literally from may of this year : http://www.greenpeace.org/international/en/news/blogs/makingwaves/6-things-about-ttip/blog/56429/ i 'm sure you 'll find excuses to attack them , too maybe call them hippies or just smear them claiming they use ` buzzwords ' . 
  your excuses are running out . 
  come clean and admit you 're fine with watered down regulations . 
   the problem is that corbyn 's core support comes from grassroots labour activists who are utterly out of touch with the average labour voter . 
  how out of touch are they on economic issues , though ? 
  afaik , the main fault line between the working-class base and the leadership has been immigration . 
  neoliberal blairites are very pro-immigration so there would n't be any major difference there . 
  the main difference between them and corbyn is economics , but i have yet to see any significant research suggesting that working class labour voters are clamoring for more globalisation , which is what blairites are very keen on . 
  https://twitter.com/chukaumunna/status/746965721184337920 the prime contender ? 
  literally impossible to directly bash corbyn more than that and still retain your position . 
  he also [ defended ] ( https://twitter.com/chukaumunna/status/746965001257295872 ) recently sacked benn by calling the decision `` crazy '' , more explicit bashing . 
  umunna 's part of the blairite wing , pro-business . 
  can we admit it helps that he 's black in the eyes of the media spinners ? 
  would also neutralise any backlash if he had to say verboten things on immigration to draw back some labour voters who defected to ukip . 
   https://whatthehellhavethelibdemsdone.com/ okay , i swear i 'll stop after this , but your website is simply too good to pass up bashing the lib dems . 
  one of their key pledges that came up as their `` achievement '' :  end childhood poverty by 2020 reality : https://www.theguardian.com/society/2015/jun/25/number-of-uk-children-living-in-poverty-unchanged-latest-figures-show could there be a connection with them sitting in coalition with a tory government cutting aid to the poorest ? 
  no , that 's `` media spin '' , right ? 
  edit : in response to your `` they did n't cut child credits '' : no , they just cut loads of other stuff for poor families , all of which hit child poverty badly . 
  instead , they went along with the tory line of not taxing the rich/corporations and even * lowering * their taxes . 
  `` conscience of the coalition '' folks !, 
  the fact that the website lists their failed pledge on childhood poverty as an ` achievement ' also speaks volumes about its credibility . 
  they should update the website and clear out falsehoods . 
  edit 2 : now getting downvoted by lib dem supporters for saying that they enabled tory cuts to poor families and the pro-lib dem website is listing blatant falsehoods as `` achievements '' ? 
  got it . 
  except the boe basically said that britain would enter a shallow recession in the event of a brexit . 
  you keep pretending this was some great mystery when the ifs/imf/oecd / boe and virutally every major economic institution was unison on this topic . 
  do you ever get tired of slaving away ( badly ) for farage and the brexit camp ? 
  at least do it intelligently , if you have to do it at all . 
   as they proved in the coalition one of their key pledges was not raising tuition . 
  it was raised 3x to 10k per person . 
  the austerity agenda was largely pushed through , despite them claiming they were the `` conscience '' of the coalition , poor people never saw that . 
  cameron was already a social progressive on stuff like gay marriage so they ca n't take credit for that . 
  can you please name a single achievement that they got ? 
  i 'm genuinely trying to be generous to them . 
  just blaming the media is n't cutting it . 
  anyway this thread is about labour and the brexit fallout , not lib dems , so i 'll stop here . 
   mr benn , mp for leeds central , said there was ` widespread ' worry among labour mps and in the shadow cabinet over mr corbyn 's ability to win a ** snap election ** in the wake of david cameron 's resignation . 
  http://metro.co.uk/2016/06/26/half-of-labours-shadow-cabinet-to-quit-over-sacking-of-hilary-benn-5967022/ the shadow secretary for scotland , ian murray , resigned a few minutes ago . 
  he also mentioned a snap election . 
  they may be wrong , but it is an idea which is gaining currency inside westminster . 
  it 's helpful to make a distinction between culture/social issues and economics . 
  labour has a socially conservative white working class base in northern england , but who are center-left on economics . 
  they share the party ( uneasily ) with metropolitan progressives who are left-wing on everything , from economics to social issues . 
  the tories have people like boris johnson or cameron who are center-left on social issues like gay marriage etc but are center-right on economic issues . 
  and then they have people like jacob rees-mogg who is center-right on everything , from culture to economics . 
  what has happened in recent years is that the labour base has moved away from its traditional party because of issues on immigration , where the metropolitan progressive class won the intra-party debate . 
  ukip scooped up a lot of these votes as the tories were too damaged in these voters ' eyes ( nevermind that ukip 's economic policies are just as bad if not worse than the tories ) . 
  the real gamechanger would be a socially conservative party with left-of-center economics . 
  think pis in poland . 
  it would bring in large swatches of the working class and mortally wound the left on immigration . 
  it would still fight the tories on economic issues but make common cause on immigration , for instance .
