  at this point i 'm seriously starting to consider that the german political elite really * hates * greece . 
  have they not suffered enough ? 
  it 's like the germans have been lashing out and demonising the greeks for so long , so they think that they can now treat them like trash or worse and get away with it . 
  and what happened to syriza ? 
  what happened to their `` radicalism '' and their demand that the teutonic diktat of europe would be ended ? 
  another flamed out revolution ? 
  what will it take until southern europe finally regains their composure , and their spine , and rebel against the current order ? 
  they must forget about the north . 
  we 've failed them and backstabbed them too many times . 
  they must rely on their own . 
  i want to see a latin union strike back at the core !, 
  for those [ not getting the reference ] ( http://www.npr.org/sections/goatsandsoda/2016/04/21/474847921/the-arctic-suicides-its-not-the-dark-that-kills-you ) . 
  actually quite sad . 
  next time you hear people trying to extort the eastern european countries saying `` yes but you get eu funds '' , remind them that they were abandoned by the west ( mostly roosevelt ) in 1945 when many , including churchill , wanted to finish the job and push back totalitarianism as far back as possible . 
  the result of that betrayal was a lost half century . 
  them getting eu funds , which account for 0.1 % of gni ( 0.3 % of gni is total budget but development aid is around 33 % of the total eu budget ) for most nations is a laughable `` compensation '' . 
  such a shame , such a massive waste . 
  it is infuriating to even think about . 
   besides both being about tax cheating ftfy . 
  one is favoured while the other was not . 
  it 's not unreasonable for people to think that merkel should be consistent , but as usual you 're taking an unflinching pro-merkel position . 
  the kind of tax arrangements which makes apple pay 0.005 % tax is immoral and draining european nations of its taxes . 
  merkel is cementing her legacy as the most useless leader of a generation by endorsing a terrible and immoral system . 
  this is a general purge . 
  no way tens of thousands of judges , academics et are all g\u00fclen supporters . 
  some are , many are not . 
  what counts is their opposition to erdo and his gang . 
  remember what the goal of erdogan was before the coup exploded in his face ( or was allowed to proceed ) : consolidation of presidential powers . 
  until he gets them , he will not finish with the purges , which is the perfect excuse for him to remove any institutional barriers for total discretionary control over the affairs of the state without any other influence . 
  just install the loyalists in place and crush any internal opposition . 
  anyone who opposes the agenda is `` g\u00fclenist '' . 
  i do n't get why they never get any tough questions on this from journalists . 
  if you actually look at the numbers being repatriated it is quite small . 
  so whenever they make these grand claims , why are n't journalists either in that setting ( or the following ) asking the inevitable : `` why are you bullshitting ? '', 
  question . 
  just astounds me . 
  you ca n't integrate into something which stands for nothing . 
  all identities are , to some extent , exclusionary . 
  it 's inevitable . 
  german identity , such as it is , today stands for nothing but vague values . 
  values which i certainly agree with , but it is n't sufficient . 
  saying that you stand for freedom and equality is like saying you want peace on earth . 
  who does n't ? 
  the french have tried the forced assimiliated route and has that worked ? 
  the truth is , german identity is european and christian . 
  german politicians may run away from this fact , but sooner or later they will come to accept it . 
  what does those do who are neither european in ancestry/origin and does not have a christian ( cultural ) background ? 
  exactly what they have been doing so far , self-segregate into ghettoes and wait for a better day . 
   the true test will be what happens when the glue goes away true , but you also have to consider the fact that settled refugee populations is n't something like taxes , which you can raise up or down over the years . 
  once people settle in germany they are , by and large , staying in germany . 
  so the issue that keeps them together - pro-german nationalism - is n't going to go away even if the amount of * new * refugees decrease , because even in the decreased state , merkel has talked of around 300k per year . 
  that 's still huge compared to , say , the uk or france . 
  and even if those numbers come down , the people who have already come are not going anywhere , plus you have the whole pro-akp turkish diaspora situation in germany . 
  i think the constituency that afd speaks to is probably around 20-25 % of the electorate . 
  if cdu goes in the direction of csu after merkel , they will fall down in popularity . 
  if not , then i expect afd to basically move to a 20 % position together with cdu and the social democrats in a triality . 
   simply dismissing it as `` it 's comedy , ignore it '' does n't seem like a good idea either . 
  especially when they are speaking truth to power . 
  or are you telling me that ufo hitting wind turbines is n't a good argument against renewable energy ? 
  i know that the sun would never lie , because it tells me so . 
  imagine how the person ( s ) must have felt when they wrote that blogpost : `` so this is what my life is now , spending my time and energy correcting the crappiest tabloid in europe '' . 
  knowing how overeducated and undercompensated many of the interns and fact-checkers are in the eu machinery , i send them nothing but my warmest regards . 
  pretty stunning that the times were worse than the sun . 
  also topkek at the torygraph outflanking the gotdamn daily express . 
  no wonder eu has a bad name in the uk when their `` respectable '' newspapers are running more falsehoods than many of their tabloids . 
  so now that they decided to appeal , how long is the realistic process until we get a decision ? 
  and is that decision also possible to appeal ? 
  the same people who own our tabloids in sweden also own the broadsheets . 
  murdoch owns the sun just as he owns the times , which is the paper of record of the british ruling classes . 
  you 're also avoiding my central point : it is n't just welt , ** where the hell was the german media ** as the greeks were smeared ? 
  oh yeah , they were also busy smearing the greeks . 
  the only difference between them is that welt went further than the rest of them . 
  as i said : if jews were being smeared as sub-human like greeks were , you would n't try to explain away that fact on the notion that a major broadsheet in germany is also run by the same people who own bild , so who cares , right ? 
  there 's a threshold of racism against greeks ( and slavs ) in germany which is undeniable and often excused away , which is what your comment is all about . 
  welt would never have dared publish what they did if they did n't have a climate of allowing for subtle but persistent racism . 
  just blaming one or two newspapers for that is making it too easy for yourself . 
  you just had to make your own , did n't you ? 
  i 'm assuming you are german , so i 'm deferring to you on political speculation in germany since you know the country much better than i do . 
  one word of caution , though : while sd has a lot of protest voters who are always against the political system no matter what , the reason why they have grown is that a lot of former white-working class supporters of s have flocked to them , since they are on the front-lines of multiculturalism . 
  also , a lot of socially conservative m voters have also come to them . 
  therefore , i think it is possible that afd will have a stronger mainstay than either lp or pp , since the core issues of those parties are not as visceral as multiculturalism/refugee migration , which goes to the very hear of a nation 's identity . 
  it moves beyond mere protest voters , in other words . 
  realistically , it would be barcelona . 
  barcelona does not have a big it sector right now , but frankly neither does berlin or london either , if you compare to sv . 
  since its rivals are quite small anyway , it could grow a lot if there was a lot of focus on selecting a single place in europe . 
  if you want a sv , you need a good climate for people to come all over the world . 
  california has amazing climate , in that it has both beaches and snow-capped mountains in the same state . 
  london or berlin does not offer that . 
  barcelona has the good climate , and if you want another climate , just take the car to the alps or closer to home on the french-spanish border . 
  it is also a place with a socially liberal surrounding . 
  london has a lot of advantages , but climate is a big drawnback . 
  that is the only realistic offer to barcelona . 
  another problem would be local language , but english mastery is good already among the young , which is the relevant demographic for mobile tech workers . 
  nevertheless , until fiscal union is achieved , the discussion is moot . 
  a place like sv can only exist in a large internal market . 
  if you want big-ass tech companies you need a big-ass internal market . 
  the european single market is still disjointed and riddled with holes . 
  spotify said openly that it was easier to expand to the us than it was to expand from sweden to spain . 
  no sv will ever happen until and unless we get a truly integrated common market , and that can only happen in a fiscal union . 
  it is n't just your political system .
