  what about it ? 
  qatar sells on the world market . 
  even if eastern europe does n't buy anything from them , the rest of the world will , meaning pent-up supply is there from other suppliers . 
  gas prices are increasingly converging with the rise of exportable lng and the rapid build-out of lng terminals across the world . 
  [ a bit cheeky ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.kd?end=2015&amp;locations=it&amp;start=1995 ), 
  good news . 
  the lng terminals popping up in the baltic states are doing wonders for energy diversification in the region . 
  there are various natural gas interconnects planned as well . 
  with australia/qatar and the continued nat gas production rise in the u.s. ongoing , gas prices across the world will continue to converge and sink lower . 
  this means that russia 's strategic power in energy markets will witness a relative decline . 
  what 's important now is to keep up the sanctions on their economy to create sufficient public domestic pressure in order to ward off any ( hybrid ) adventurism in estonia/latvia/lithuania . 
  my hatred for selfie sticks have multiplied after visiting prague . 
  i was in budapest in april and while there were quite a few tourists there , too , there was n't this obsession with selfie sticks . 
  where is it coming from ? 
   i must admit that i sometimes could n't help but thinking something like `` hey , this is our capital . 
  why ca n't i even walk normaly in our capital ? 
  yeah , that 's why i said i used to dismiss the local french in paris , but i can sort-of see where some of them are coming from now . 
  then again , we should n't excuse xenophobia either . 
  tourism does benefit the local economy . 
   but i have these thoughts only at the most frustrating moments , and even then i would never be rude to tourists since i would not want them to have a negative impression of our country because of me . 
  my overall impression of czechs is that you are pretty nordic in character . 
  you 're very orderly and nobody is pushing ahead in queues etc. 
  people are friendly , kind , yet ( somewhat ) reserved . 
  poland is a bit more aggressive and temperamental . 
  people drive quite aggressively as well . 
  it reminds me of southern europe a lot more than northern europe . 
  yet poles are also quite warm and direct in their way of talking , which made it harder for me coming from a more reserved culture . 
  czechia in that sense is easier to assimilate into , i think , as a swede . 
  then again , most of czechia 's history has in germany 's federal states ' direct sphere of influence , so it would make sense that the cultural distance is shorter . 
  that 's interesting , and it makes sense . 
  crime is probably imported into prague to a significant extent . 
  i wonder if warsaw is safer ? 
   we have killed millions and ruined nations for that ideology , and we were usually right that is a bonechilling statement . 
  sam harris is no god ( pun unintended ) , but he has the rare ability of looking at polls . 
  the ` concentric circle ' argument he makes is based on the wide-ranging pew polls . 
  here 's a humble suggestion : maybe you should be data-driven , too ? 
  attack the data , not the man making an argument based on it . 
  i still have n't seen a substantive response from you . 
   if you think misogyny and homophobia are muslim phenomena i do n't . 
  i 'm aware that fgm is mostly about cultural reasons for instance , hence why east african christian states do it by enormous margins . 
  no religion has any monopoly on fundamentalism and violence , but while christianity in africa still has some way to go , once you look at the totality of the picture , it would be silly to relativise the two religions . 
  christians are not nearly as likely to say that those who exit christianity should be punished by death , whereas 80 % or more of people across large swathes of the muslim world agree with this . 
  there are notable countries where this is not true ( like turkey , azerbaijan etc ) , but far , far too many are not in the same place . 
  this is not something which is true for christianity or buddhism or hinduism for instance . 
  you are trying to deflect the topic . 
  misery loves company , 
  eurostat should be taken with a grain of salt . 
  germany 's own national statisitics say they are at around 6 % , eurostat say 4.2 % . 
  if there are two competing methodologies , the more strict one should be used since unemployment rates are so tempting to redefine in order to bring them down . 
  employment rate is growing at around 2.5 % to 3 % per year in poland , so you should see a very rapid downward movement in unemployment over the next few years . 
  i would n't be surprised if your national uer hits 5 % by 2020 . 
   i am staying here and i want no trouble i do n't understand , are you on a visa of somekind ? 
  less interesting to me , however , but that is likely because i am much more familliar to the people and the language due to proximity . 
  i remember reading about rude local parisians behaviour towards tourists in paris , thinking it was just the stereotypical ` rude french person ' . 
  it is very easy to say that as someone who 's in stockholm , however . 
  the amount of tourists here is not really a noticable impact on daily life . 
  once i got to prague , i got a better/more nuanced understanding of how its like to be in a city filled to the brim with tourists . 
  the feeling that most of the people on your street - and not even near a tourist location !, 
  - are not even from this country . 
  it must be pretty alienating for those who live there . 
  but , i mean , what 's the alternative ? 
  prague 's a beautiful city , just like paris , so it will inevitably be singled out a lot more than a city like warsaw , which was destroyed almost completely in the '44 uprising and as a result got most of its old beautiful architecture replaced by soviet brutalism . 
  most people may not know a lot about architecture , but we do have an instinctive preference for beauty , and prague has that in abounds . 
  he 's a political animal ( if anyone did n't notice this already ) . 
  he has to throw a few bones to the hardliners in the church to passify them , but the overall direction is quite clear . 
   spanish people are obsessed with qualifications , it 's one of the reasons our economy is so fucked nah , a bigger reason is that you have a 40 % drop-out rate from high school . 
  many east asian economies are also obsessed with titles and status , yet do quite well . 
  did n't germany alone register 200k poles coming in for work in 2015 alone ? 
  i believe one of the german redditors posted such statistics . 
  and are there any statistics/proof or just noise/rumors ? 
  people are not ghosts . 
  there are ways to track them and their movements . 
  if i had the talent/energy/time , i would . 
  it 's a cool language . 
  it 's not a language you learn from a purely utilitarian perspective ( like german ) , but for more esoteric reasons . 
  the fact that it is in its own language group with only the finnish makes it cool enough , and that linguists still do n't have a good grasp of how it came to be , since its lineage is far less traceable . 
   they see the poles as weak and think they all wish to live in the uk . 
  completely ignorant to the fact that poland is a strictly regulated economy that has never even contracted in 25 years . 
  its enough to make you sick . 
  poles are not ` weak ' , but they are poor . 
  they are not wrong in that the uk is attractive for many poles due to wages . 
  however , they are dead wrong if they think poland needs any bailouts . 
  as you say , it 's a very strongly regulated economy and its banking sector is one of the safest in europe , low private & corporate debt etc. 
   i mean ireland and the uk are so culturally similar but this spreading of misinformation is really quite sick . 
  i think the brits have taught us to have an open mind and to question things a bit more . 
  to me , ireland has grown distinctly different from the uk . 
  i 'm not old enough to know how it was 20-30 years ago , but today , the country is more open-minded and more internationalist than the uk . 
  it is also much more economically successful , even if we discount the distortions of gdp growth rates last year . 
  compare the irish fans in euro 2016 with the english , for instance . 
  it 's a world of difference . 
  i was in prague the other weekend . 
  i know prague = / = czechia , but it felt very safe to me . 
  i was walking around close to midnight around town without any sign of trouble , even in the ` bohemian ' areas . 
  the only downside was the massive amounts of tourists . 
  i know it 's hypocritical for me to say that , as a tourist , but i was in warsaw the week before and the difference was night and day . 
  also , prague is a very compact city in many ways , so the difference is amplified . 
   and dare one of you to point out this is the cause of some obscure policy which has lots and lots of downsides !, 
  i just want to feel good !, 
  refugee migration is not about economics , it 's about showing compassion . 
  so talking about vatican 's immigration policies in the context of the economy is a misnomer .
