   you realize christianity is from the middle east , right ? 
  the problem with your argument is you make an artificial equalisation between the two . 
  here 's the difference : christianity was essentially taken over and run by europeans very early on . 
  the early disciples were middle easterners but very quickly all the major institutions , from the vatican on down , were european . 
  these institutions were european from the beginning . 
  europe shaped christianity to a decisive extent to what it is now . 
  this is why it was able to spread throughout europe because it essentially became the religion of the europeans , controlled by europeans and with all the major institutions in europe . 
  there were * no * other competing bases of power . 
  this is why your comparison becomes ridiculous , because you paper over this . 
  when islam came centuries ago , it came with invading arab armies , it came as a developed religion already . 
  it came by the sword . 
  christianity won european hearts and minds by argument , not by violence , which is what islamic armies tried to do , repeatedly , throughout our history . 
  you think this doens ' t stay in people 's collective memories and history ? 
  your attempts at relativisation are laughable . 
  well he has german ancestry . 
  and he would be a hit with the easterners ( at least the feminine half ) because he obviously prefers them as wives . 
  so he papers over the rift between the west and east , too . 
  too bad he is an idiotic clown who should just go away . 
   if you follow that logic do n't use logic on the internet - or in a discussion with an open borders fanatic . 
  it 's a useless endeavour , because their `` argument '' is inevitably feels over reals . 
  actually merkel is kind of right . 
  fences can work but they are not the best tool . 
  what merkel omits - and what the journalist * should * have pressed her on - are the reason why they are coming : they know it 's easy to get asylum in germany . 
  so long as merkel is n't pressed on this , the debate will continue to flow around unimportant topics such as how large or big the fence should be . 
  when in reality , you do n't need a fence if you cut off the magnets/pull factors . 
  which merkel does n't want to discuss . 
  because she wants these flows to continue . 
  a little background for those who are n't informed : d\u00d6 was introduced at the end of 2014 as sd got a much larger share of the vote than anyone thought ( back then it was around 14 % . 
  they are at 26 % now ) . 
  to cut to the chase : it was all about migration , to try to prevent sd from having any influence . 
  the two blocks did n't have enough seats in parliament to form a majority - even if they got one of the smaller parties from the other side , it still was n't enough . 
  so they said , let 's make a deal that the other side basically scraps their political opposition to us . 
  now the tearing up of this agreement may sound like good news , but i would n't take too much stock into this . 
  the so-called december\u00f6verenskommelsen only put into paper what was already in place in practice . 
  the change on the ground was negligible . 
  so while they may start to argue with each other on taxes or the environment , the fundamental cause of why they signed d\u00d6 in the first place - migration - will continue to be off the agenda lest they give sd any influence . 
  so long story short : nothing much will change . 
  people who think so forgot what sweden was like before december 2014 . 
  hint : not that much different . 
  so i simplified the title a little bit , but the basic point is that as a percentage of new car registrations , norway is absolutely crushing it , which makes me jealous and proud at the same time as a swede . 
  it 's notable that the next two , the netherlands and the uk , are in [ the bottom league ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/2/2b/proportion_of_electricity_generated_from_renewable_sources%2c_2013_%28%25_of_gross_electricity_consumption%29_yb15.png ) when you look at their renewable energy share in all of europe . 
  norway is the only country right now which has both a transportation/car strategy that is in sync with their energy strategy . 
   i doubt the average educational level of the refugees is on par with sweden 's hmm , it 's worth pondering about , you know . . who knows in this world ... anything is possible ...  i think the refugees are sort of a burden on sweden yes , it 's some sort , but which sort ? 
  let 's leave it at that vague cliffhanger . 
   hopefully they can work that out somehow everything 's going to be just fine in the end ... kumbaya . . 
  rekt, 
   so the invaders will just pile up there waiting for the spring to storm sweden . 
  have fun with your shadowban . 
  many of these people may be economic migrants but they are damn well persistent nonetheless . 
  if you 've travelled all the way up to sweden i highly doubt you 'd be discouraged by temporary housing , in waiting for asylum and benefits for life . 
  yeah i agree . 
  there 's this persistent myth that `` one day the people will wake up '' . 
  i 'm not saying nothing can ever change but my point is that instead of wishing for somekind of sudden revival , maybe people should actually engage politically and culturally to change the situation ? 
  think about it : even if sweden became like it was in 1950 tomorrow morning by waving a magic wand , would anything really be solved ? 
  not really . 
  you 'd get the exact same situation we have now , just a few decades later . 
  because the fundamental culture has n't been changed . 
  and if you do n't change the fundamental culture , the only thing you 've accomplished is prolonging the inevitable . 
  i often think people overly focus on numbers . 
  they are important , but they mean nothing if you have no plan for social/cultural transformation . 
  just typing comments like i am right now is n't cutting it . 
  i 'm not absolving myself from responsbility either . 
  especially when the danish government is actually doing sensible things on asylum policy ( and not to forget : you have opt-outs out of any refugee quota system ) while the swedish government does n't do anything sensible at all . 
  and add to that , the swedish media is unilaterally crazy on this issue . 
  in denmark there is actually a genuine debate , like there is in the uk . 
  exactly , nothing . 
  i 've given up on the swedish population a long time ago . 
  then again , my family is very mixed culturally . 
  we 're all over europe . 
  my mother was n't born in this country and my sister has already moved out of it . 
  i 'm on my way , too . 
  for those swedes who are very rooted in sweden , and whose culture is monolithically swedish , i just do n't understand how they let this happen to them . 
  it 's shocking . 
  have you read their stuff on migration ? 
  the economist is a notorious open borders propaganda magazine . 
  the only thing they love more is total deregulation of the economy and unhindered neoliberalism . 
  if you 've read their stuff in the last 2-3 months it 's been almost entirely negative towards hungary and eastern europe and praising merkel to the heavens . 
  this is an abberation to the trend . 
  and the editorial line of te for open borders has n't ended . 
  they will continue to demonize anyone who opposes the globalist agenda ( limitless immigration , endless wars in the oil-rich middle east and massive deregulation of the economic system ) . 
  \\ #shotsfired, 
   none of this , however , will reduce the numbers of syrians , ** iraqis and afghans ** who are fleeing war . 
  still spreading propaganda , i see . 
  maybe te can try to explain why there are far more coming from afghanistan now than there was 6-7 years ago when there was a burning out-and-out war in that country . 
  ditto iraq . 
  two reactions : 1 . 
  congratulations ireland !, 
  why is the irish times referring to football in an americanised fashion ? 
  ( `` international soccer '' ) . 
  just stop debasing yourselves . 
  not surprised . 
  yet this will have no ramifications in relation to the eu . 
  tusk said yesterday that `` some countries '' ( hint : turkey ) are using the migrants as a form of ` hybrid warfare ' , in other words , push them to europe in order to extract concenssions . 
  well the strategy is working . 
  turkey 's deterioating democratic system is given a free pass as the country is deemed a safe 3rd country ( which implicitly means it also must be democratic ) and they get massively simplified visa rules in return . 
  oh , and they get money to fund the refugee camps and on top of it all they also get to send 500k refugees more to europe . 
  will there be any reaction to these latest news ? 
  of course not , the eu elites have given away all their leverage already . 
  i ca n't decide if erdogan is brilliant or if the eu elites are just amazingly stupid . 
  maybe both .
