  on the other hand , they do n't seem to mind talking about muslim issues or mass migration in general , so i do n't see why they do n't talk about the recent spate of attacks on poles . 
  just kidding . 
  of course i know . 
  they do n't care about white victims . 
  `` anti-racists '' . 
  what an uncle tom you are . 
  how dare you . 
  * * btw has anyone else noticed how the far-left often uses the same kind of racial language of the neo-nazi far right ? 
  race traitor is a good example of that , and uncle tom is just a milder version of calling someone a race traitor . 
  i feel bad for you people . 
  trying to find some logic among those who have none . 
  bless your souls . 
  the british police is literally gestapo !, 
  well , blm are n't known for their intellectual brilliance or level-headed approach to data , to put it mildly . 
  i freely admit i have little to no knowledge about programming , so i 'd be appreciate if someone who does know a thing or two can shed light on if this ranking is decent . 
  are there other comprehensive rankings ? 
   turkey , which hosts 3 million syrian refugees , has long pushed for a safe zone to protect civilians but has found little appetite among western allies , who fear such a move would involve a deeper military commitment . 
  as usual , we will ignore them . 
  instead we will just react passive-aggressively to whatever happens in terms of migration flows . 
  i 'd much prefer working with turkey on a safe zone in syria than having the wretched refugee deal in which they hold all the cards . 
  the safe zone is not a silver bullet , but it sure as hell beats the current approach : doing nothing and praying it will all work out in the end . 
  instead of obsessing over america 's snub , the british would be wise to do what the leavers said they would do : engage with the outside , non-western world . 
  thanks op for this reminder of how beatiful czechia is , 
  far more than danes and middle easterners , or swedes and middle easterns . 
  that picture of alesund made me want to book my next mini-vacation there . 
  i 've never been to the areas around the fjords and it just gave me the perfect excuse . 
  yeah , we 'll block all transactions and tens of thousands , if not millions , who depend on foreign aid will go deeper into hunger and some may die . 
  i do n't think that is a long-term strategy , at least if you are a moral person . 
  i agree we need some way of enforcement , but a blanket attack would do more harm on their civilian population and what would be gained from that ? 
  so you do n't have any arguments except shitty oneliners ? 
  solid man . 
  jeremy `` no upper limit on migration '' corbyn disagrees . 
  so does tim farron , of the lib dems and the greens . 
  while those parties are in the minority , they are in a very large minority . 
  the snp has also called for more refugees , and they totally dominate scottish politics . 
  who knows what will happen in 2020 . 
  maybe sarko calculates that if may loses in 2020 , he 'll be able to negotiate with a far more pliant uk government . 
  of course , corbyn winning in 2020 is a longshot , but stranger things have happened . 
  if the tories totally fuck up the nhs , and they are well on their way to , it could change the electoral political situation completely . 
  no , he does n't . 
  it will be jupp\u00e9 vs le pen in the final round , whereby jupp\u00e9 crushes le pen by a wide margin . 
  you 're spreading this propaganda again ? 
  so i 'll repeat what has to be repeated . 
  when germany decided to give all people coming from syria blanket amnesty even if they did n't have passports , that set off a stampede . 
  it 's in the [ excellent article ] ( http://www.zeit.de/gesellschaft/2016-08/refugees-open-border-policy-september-2015-angela-merkel/komplettansicht ) from zeit . 
  it also ignores years of loosening asylum rules . 
  in sweden it happened in 2011 . 
  however , one can also loosened asylum regimes by * passively * not doing anything . 
  just as central banks can de facto loosen monetary policy by not reacting to inflation if it rises . 
  the rise in numbers was not something which happened over night . 
  it was done over several years , yet european elites either did nothing or , in sweden 's case , did more to accomodate the flows . 
  you 're purposefully spreading lies to further an agenda by painting what happened last year as `` inevitable '' . 
  it was anything but . 
  pretty horrible yes , but what solution is there ? 
  these people have to go somewhere . 
  uk wo n't bring them in ( understandably ) , so by moving the ` jungle ' to some other other town , what has been solved ? 
  it is also growing month by month . 
  inb4 `` deport them '' . 
  the nations these people came from do n't want them back . 
  the tfr in these countries is 5-6 children per woman . 
  they already have out-of-control population growth . 
  they are glad to have offloaded surplus mouths to feed to someone else . 
  if anyone think they are going to take them back you 're in for a rude surprise . 
  the reason why empathy is limited to pakistanis is because of their massive overrepresentation in sexual rape and/or grooming of underage white girls . 
  is that fair to all pakistanis ? 
  but let 's not pretend as if the polish and pakistani populations have similar profiles . 
  the pakistanis have * far * more social pathologies than the polish . 
  the problem is that the socially more moderate pakistani populations in london get to suffer for that , since their values are far more secular/modern , but that still does n't change the fact of what is happening in towns all over northern england re : pakistanis . 
  comparing the two populations is daft . 
  polish neo-nazis is the dumbest thing ever . 
  have these people never heard of generalplan ost ? 
  of course the idiots have n't . 
  chinese also used to do self-protection when racially targeted in the uk . 
  they did n't resort to crime afterwards . 
  so even if you try to paint it as inevitable , it is * anything * but . 
  also , poland has lower crime rates than the uk on most stuff already , so there 's no reason to think they would become more criminal than the average british person . 
  if anything , they 'd be * less * crime-prome than the british person . 
  if the police ca n't protect them , doing nothing means inviting more violence . 
  you are essentially telling them to be passive victims , when you are saying they should n't protect themselves when racially targeted . 
  if anyone 's disgusting , it 's you . 
  where ? 
  / r/whatabouttism, 
  it was . 
  but we 're supposed to pretend it never happened . 
  i do n't know . 
  an awful lot of people in this thread want to generalise what happened and paint it as random brawls where the victims just * happen * to be polish . 
  we saw it after the last attack as well , even as the police confirmed that it was a racist hate-crime . 
  i think you 're doing a disservice to the poles who are in the uk by whitewashing what happened by implying it 's just about getting into a fight and polish people are there as foils . 
  it 's more likely that the polish people are * specifically * targeted and it is n't about getting into a fight per se , but targeting poles is the prime objective . 
  of course , that paints uk society in a less flattering light , which is why you opted for the more generous interpretation which lets the wider uk society off the hook . 
  we heard the same bullshit after the last attack from the deniers . 
  then we were told that it was literally the police which had said it was a racist hate-crime . 
  did that stop the deniers from trying to spin it into `` we still do n't know the motives '' ? 
  no , they kept going . 
  as i 'm assuming you will . 
  in perpetuity . 
  and nobody has pretended otherwise . 
  it 's more that people are expressing surprise how little genuine outrage there seems to be from ( some ) brits , including you . 
  the entire tone has instead been `` yeah it sucks but what can we do about it '' . 
  you ca n't be surprised when people take that kind of response as a sign of lack of alarm .
