  not building islands , because that will be a magnet in of itself . 
  once you set foot , the whole procedure to get yes or no will take a long time . 
  how do you deport them to their countries when those countries often do n't even want them back , as they have overpopulation problems ? 
  there will be domestic pressure to let them in within europe etc. 
  it 's not an easy solution . 
  this entire thread is dedicated to being an apologist to an islamist . 
  look at / u/quanttek 's entire posting history . 
  it 's completely in line . 
  it does n't matter what the source is to him . 
  only thing that matters is to exonorate the islamist . 
  i simply do not understand this certain kind of leftist , who goes to hell and back to cover for a regressive ideology . 
  if this guy would be christian , / u/quanttek would * never * be his shill . 
  somehow , as fast as the skin color and the religion changes , * some * of these leftists completely change their criteria for judging religious people and their value system . 
  we 've seen it in sweden with the rancid defence of mehmet kaplan . 
  ironically , the harshest attackers are often other muslims , like nalin pekgul and others , who actually know and understand who these sleazebags are . 
  who see through their taqqiya . 
  we need more of those people . 
  disliking someone because they are an islamist is a pretty good reason . 
   i can certainly see her have a top position in 10 years or so . 
  it would be a win for sweden . 
  let 's hope . 
   i was not aware that nato stationed huge numbers of troops on the eastern border , assuming they do not , your analogy with mexico does n't work . 
  the point is that if nato is completely encircling russia , it has the * capability * to move large numbers of troops if it pleases to with far greater ease . 
  that in of itself is deeply problematic from russia 's pov . 
  just as it would if russia started to build a bunch of missile `` defence '' sites in mexico , put thousands of troops on the american border , put subs in the gom etc etc. 
  you seriously think america would be as relaxed with that as you expect russia to be ? 
   nato is a promise of escalation bismarck famously said the first casulty in war is always the truth . 
  i would not take the official pronouncements of * either * russia or nato very seriously . 
  i would watch what they do . 
  nato 's aggressive eastward expansion is a fact , no matter how they try to shroud it . 
  you can agree with it or disagree with it . 
  you can not deny it . 
  i 'd just end by saying i think a lot of these tensions would be solved by removing the two great outside powers , usa and russia . 
  russia ca n't be removed because of geography , but i 'd far prefer to see a eu federal army instead of nato . 
  it 's shameful in general that we can not organise our own collective defence but must rely on outside powers , even if they are friendly . 
  removing outside powers means that the game of influence-mongering becomes harder to play . 
  that will be better for security in the long run . 
   you act as if there is a secret plan we 're determined to execute go read the memoirs from the people in the clinton administration . 
  they were openly discussing it and neither had any inhibitions writing about it after they left the administration . 
  there was no secret plan , it was an open plan to try to push the fsu into the western arms as much as possible . 
  poland , czechia is one thing . 
  ukraine , with its long border with russia , is another . 
  understanding that qualitative difference is important . 
   they can protest but sovereign states can decide for themselves which economic , military and political block they want to be a part of not necessarily . 
  remember what happened in latin america during the 80s when they decided to go the socialist route ? 
  uncle sam intervented and funded militia groups . 
  what was the gulf of tonkin `` incident '' about , if not to give a pretext to intervene in vietnam and forcibly change that country 's political character . 
  the rules of geopolitics did not start with the cold war , and they did not end with the cold war . 
  it 's naive to assume otherwise . 
  yeah , now the lazy smearing begins . 
  people can take an indepedent view of the current mainstream western view without being pro-putin or pro-russia . 
  i already indicated i 'm in support of further sanctions and a strengthining of the baltic defence . 
  is that also the russian viewpoint ? 
  your comment is typical of the binary black/white view so prevalent in these discussions . 
   why should russia feel threatened ? 
  because they would be militarily encircled by nato across their entire western border ? 
  clearly irrational . 
   nato is a defensive alliance which happened to expand very rapidly towards russia 's border , unceasingly , for 20 years straight . 
  i 'm sure it looks very defensive from moscow , but fuck them , right ? 
  they are all crazed imperialist pigs incapable of rational thought . 
   what should nato have done ? 
  not accept new countries that clearly wanted to enter ? 
  it 's one thing to accept poland , its another to push for ukraine . 
  and as i indicated before , morality does * not * matter in geopolitics . 
  once you are close to either a superpower or a former superpower , the rules of the game change . 
  it 's why america had its monroe doctrine . 
  it 's why china is not going to accept being boxed in by us allies in the scs and the ecs . 
  it 's why russia will not allow itself to be encircled by nato allies . 
  whether you like or do n't like russia is beside the point . 
  dealing with superpowers or former superpowers is a different ballgame than dealing with albania or sweden . 
  eastern europe is largely a proxy battlefield of influence between america and russia anyway . 
  let 's not forget that . 
  it is just a contest of influence between uncle sam and the bear . 
  the ee nations are simply pawns in this game . 
  whichever side they are on , they are forfeiting their independent foreign policy in exchange for protection . 
  it 's how great power relations work , from the roman empire until today . 
  it 's not something to be teary-eyed or sentimental about . 
  it just is . 
  it was correct to allow eastern european countries join nato and the eu . 
  but the closer you get to the border of russia , you have to understand that it is a matter of national security of them . 
  it 's why finland has not yet joined nato , even if they are part of the eu and the west to a great extent . 
  russia fears having nato troops on its eastern border . 
  imagine having nato troops running from the north of finland right down to the southern tip of ukraine . 
  that security situation would be * disastrous * for russia . 
  it 's simply not realistic to expect that they would accept it . 
  it 's why i drew the mexico analogy . 
  imagine if russia bonded with mexico and stationed all kinds of troops in the country . 
  like the cuban missile crisis , but on a 10x scale . 
  even * if * mexico did this without any russian pressure , we would - and should - expect the united states of america to put ** enormous ** pressure on mexico to prevent this from happening . 
  would that be moral from the us point of view ? 
  but geopolitically it is obvious , because simply sitting idly by and allow it to happen would be disastrous for us security . 
  if you accept that for the us , why would n't you accept it for russia ? 
  yes , but you 're conveniently ignoring the preceding 20 years . 
  ukraine was a buffer state . 
  then in the 90s , nato started to push for expansion . 
  the objective was always to make ukraine part of the western sphere of influence , just like the rest of the fsu . 
  if not by granting it membership of the eu then at least giving it preferential trade deals and co-operating with nato , possibly allowing them to join it outright one day . 
  do you really think a former superpower like russia would accept being completely surrounded by nato on its western borders ? 
  it 's astounding to me that people expect russia to just meekly and passively accept its fate as militarily surrounded . 
  that 's not how geopolitics work .
