  that was largely because of a massive economic collapse , the biggest seen in nearly a century . 
  once the gop bounced back in the 2010 house/senate elections , he has n't really got much done in the last 6 years . 
  it 's why historians rank someone like lbj so highly , he got his landslides in part because goldwater was so far out of the mainstream , but even more than that , he was in the senate working for many years before he became president . 
  that kind of experience is not sexy to voters who always fetishise outsiders , but its the kind of stuff that gets you things done . 
  and even when lbj got a lot of stuff done , it was thanks to the ideas in the air . 
  he was just implementing a liberal agenda , he was n't voicing new ideas by and large . 
  reagan also got a lot of stuff passed precisely because he knew how to work with others . 
  he was indeed a great communicator , but that is largely for public/press consumption . 
  obama had almost no experience and once he could n't rely on the massive margins in congress , it showed . 
  it was n't just the gop opposition . 
  the press was full of stories of disgruntled dems who said he never called them , he never reached out etc. 
  you just ca n't make a bunch of speeches and expect things to magically happen - and i say that as someone who is deeply sympathetic to his presidency . 
  tl ; dr the overestimation of a single person is a common mistake . 
  do n't fall into it . 
  yeah , it 'd be awesome if he went into more ( semi ) mainstream spaces . 
  he has spoken about it , saying he gives big props to tesla since in his view , making a high-performance luxury sedan is harder than a sportscar . 
  that 's probably true in the us , but imo doing a small car company in a country like croatia is more impressive than doing things at scale in america , where your domestic market is * many * times bigger and where the average customer is much richer . 
  juncker is a caricature of a eurocrat . 
  you could n't make him up even if you wanted to . 
  concept_one accelerates from 0-100 in [ 2.8 seconds ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rimac_concept_one ) . 
  tesla 's ( newly updated ) fastest car is [ recorded ] ( https://electrek.co/2016/08/18/new-tesla-model-s-p90d-ludicrous-accelerate-0-60-2-6/ ) at 2.6 seconds . 
  the p90d 's performance is even more impressive than it sounds , because the rco has a sportscar aerodynamic design . 
  if the tesla had that same advantage , it would be * even * faster . 
  that it is officially a sedan is utterly nuts . 
  you 're correct to some extent , but most people do n't need to drive hundreds of km on a daily basis . 
  that is an edge case , and so it misses my point about daily * average * usage . 
  there 's no reason to think the daily distance in finland or sweden is higher than in america , if at all . 
  that is the achilles heel of evs right now , lack of long-range distance for those one-off long-term trips and lack of public infrastructure . 
  if you 're driving a tesla , that issue is ( largely ) sorted , but most evs are not teslas . 
  which is why phev 's dominate right now , because evs sans tesla are not up to scratch right now , but they will be within a few years . 
  battery range increases by around 15 % per year right now in mainstream models . 
  many models will have 350 km range by 2020 and fastned and others are building out charging infrastructure in a furious pace . 
  until we get to there , i expect phevs to continue to dominate in the nordics ( sans tesla ) . 
  let me quote myself :  since our countries are much denser and / ** or smaller ** in other words , density is n't the only factor at play here , so why are you only focusing on one part ? 
  there were * two * parts . 
  in america , several hours of car commuting over long distances is not unusual for a job due to incredibly bad public transport infrastructure and big states . 
  we typically do n't need to use our cars unless we live in a very , very secluded area since our public transportation ( trains/buses ) are a lot better at connecting places . 
  a good example of that is the entire la area . 
  texas is another , a state which is much bigger than norway/sweden put together . 
  there are many others . 
  so big-ass states + poor public transportation infrastructure = long-ass commutes . 
  so density is n't the only issue which is at play here , which i pointed out if you had paid a bit more attention . 
   not consistently . 
  q4 was positive ( highest number of deliveries in a quarter to date for tesla ) , q1 2016 was negative , q2 2016 positive again ( the majority originated from model 3 deposits ) . 
  q3 is certainly going to be interesting . 
  you 're looking at overall cash flow balance . 
  model 3 deposits does not count when you 're only looking at their current line-up , by which i mean model s and model x. 
  they are consistently cash flow positive . 
  tesla could * easily * generate a net profit on a yearly basis . 
  just slow down the model 3 plans . 
  they are still kings in the premium ev market and there are a lot of buyers . 
  ap 2.0 will be rolling out soon and that is a killer feature for a lot of people . 
  model x is n't even selling in a lot of countries right now and that will slowly change over the coming year or so . 
  the sc network still has to build out in a lot of areas for sales to be ramping more . 
  they could also push back the gigafactory plans to their original date ( they have pushed forward a * lot * of investments since the sky-high model 3 reservations ) . 
  the net effects is that the massively insane current capex ramp will slow down to more humane levels . 
  but the goal of tesla was never to be a safe business , it was always to increase sustainable transport as fast as possible . 
  once the gf is built , the biggest capex frontload is done with . 
  this is why the stock is valued so high , because people fundamentally understand this . 
  those who did n't , like a few years ago , got burned pretty badly . 
   well , we wo n't see 150 gw before 2020 or so . 
  i think it is pretty certain that at that point other companies will have started large-scale production making it relatively unlikely that it will be bigger than all others combined at that point . 
  actually , no . 
  the current capacity * worldwide * is something of the order of 35 to 40 gw . 
  it is increasing fast , but mostly in china as the government is going all-in on evs . 
  in the west , the current investment is actually surprisingly low . 
  marc tarpenning , the co-founder of tesla , actually spoke about this some months ago . 
  he said the current carcompanies are even slower in their response than his most conservative estimate . 
  consider gm 's bolt ev . 
  it 's basically the lg bolt with some gm marketing . 
  the innards of the car is all built in sk . 
  you ca n't have a serious ev program if you do n't have a big ev factory of your own , yet no major german car company has even started to build one yet . 
  same is true with the americans . 
  right now it 's mostly happening in china and to some degree in jp/sk , but that is n't enough to scale to the western markets . 
  so you 're dead wrong here . 
  oh , and by 2020 , the capacity of everyone else will be at around 70-80 gw in the most optimistic case . 
  capex has a lead time of several years and the current increases so far have been far too small to make a different several years down the line . 
  the gf will be bigger than the rest not only in 2020 but by several years after that . 
   well , if model 3 turns out to generate profit . 
  musk promised $ 35k , let 's see if they can actually meet that while generating profits . 
  since model s and model x already turn out a profit in their own right now , i guess the onus is on the doubter to provide evidence/data for their skepticism not just mere words . 
  also , the model 3 will be much easier to manufacture than model x was for instance ( falcon doors etc ) . 
  musk has essentially stated that the big constraint right now is the supply chain . 
  the nominal date is by july of next year , but he says that realistically , production should start towards the end of 2017 given supply-chain delays . 
  tesla is already cashflow positive on their existing lineup . 
  they are losing a lot of money because they are ramping up huge capex for both the gigafactory and model 3 . 
  just so people are clear . 
  the gigafactory will have more lion capacity than the * rest of the world 's other factories put together * . 
  that 's the scale we 're talking about . 
  they used to plan to make it 50 gw , now it 's 150 gw . 
  most car companies already have the basic infrastructure in place for generations and must make far smaller capex investments as a share of their revenue to make the adjustments they need . 
  once the ramp is over , that 'll become clear . 
  still , i hope you would short the stock or tell people who play in the stock market to do that . 
  last time people did that 3-4 years ago , i made quite a bit of profit off the suckers . 
  i 'm on / r/teslamotors every single day , so i 'm obviously biased , but norway shows that if you really want to get to a high amount of evs/phevs , you need a very wide variety of models being sold . 
  a lot of 200 + mile range evs are coming in the 2017-2019 timeframe . 
  at around the same time , we should see very rapid advancements in autonomous driving , tesla probably being the first car company out of the gate getting to full autonomy . 
  a lot of people said that the dutch proposal to ban ( new ) non-ev cars being sold from 2025 was being too aggressive . 
  i think in a couple of years , we could even say it was too conservative , if it ever becomes law . 
  my base estimate is that by 2030 everyone will only be able to buy non-ice cars if you want a new one , and i also think car ownership will drop like a rock , since the vast majority of cars are incredibly inefficienctly utilised .
