   there 's debate . 
  the cdu has been trying to push through some of the harshest asylum laws in the continent . 
  people here failed to even notice , because it did n't contain quote from merkel people can wank over . 
  oh really ? 
  these asylum laws are really just targeting balkan immigrants . 
  come back to me when they go after syrian/iraqi/african migrants in equal measure . 
  nice try to spread fud though . 
   people grow tired already , the more we wait the more extreme final actions will be . 
  yes and that is n't something to hope for . 
  because the more extreme the final actions will be , the easier it will be for the opposition in the coming decades to point to those crimes and say , `` see !, 
  next time you listen to a nationalist , just remember the crimes that were made back then . 
  and they 'll say , this is a pattern . 
  look at wwii . 
  people say , you must listen to nationalists . 
  and we did , and guess what happened . 
  now we must complete our multicultural project ! '', 
  of course , even if we know the truth , that things got so extreme because nobody wanted to have a debate that was reasonable etc , all these things are bad arguments . 
  people get shown pictures of blood and dead bodies and it is much more powerful as propaganda . 
  that 's why i made the point that this is actually a terrible outcome . 
   this is just a prelude of what we can expect when climate shift really starts kicking in yeah . 
  although it will be difficult to say how much of a crisis this will be . 
  remember how the polar caps were all melting and the polar bears were all dying ? 
  turns out very few polar bears were dying and the polar caps have n't melted nearly as much as the hype . 
  another example are the himalaya mountains . 
  we were told they were going to melt in 150 years or less . 
  now we 're being told to forget that . 
  i accept climate change as real , but i think we can also agree that there is a lot of hysteria involved . 
  you should think about that whenever you read about this catastrophic scenarios where half the world is on foot because climate change has destroyed their countries . 
  well , 4 times higher is pushing it . 
  but yes , including family reunifications the number grows about 2x or so . 
  they often ca n't get their entire family with them at once and sometimes , often in fact , many of their family members stay behind . 
  i guess it depends on the context . 
  remember yugoslavia ? 
  the problem with that example is that all the populations were native and `` rooted '' . 
  what we have instead is imported and it is n't even an ideological wave . 
  think about the european settlers of america . 
  many first came because of ideological reasons ( religious persecution etc ) . 
  it was only much later , in the mid-to-late 1800s that you began to see large scale economic migrations . 
  but by that time america had already been settled for a long time and the nation had been independent for many decades . 
  so the people coming here are not coming primarily for ideological reasons like immigrants did in america ( the first waves ) nor are they rooted culturally like the people in yugoslavia . 
  this creates a thin layer of people who are here physically but not here culturally . 
  as this layer grows , the inherent contraditions of their condition will strain their existance . 
  put simply , i doubt many would be willing to fight for their lives to live where they live . 
  what would they defend ? 
  many would probably just go back or go somewhere else . 
  you overestimate how badly these people want to live here . 
  people care about identity and culture . 
  that 's why they fight . 
  nobody is going to risk their lives over welfare payments . 
  and i also do n't see europeans taking up arms , because why would they when deportations/repatriations are a sufficient tool ? 
  i just do n't see how violence can happen in any realistic scenario . 
  it 's amazing to me that given the triple stresses of a famine , a world war and a civil war all happening within a few years , that finland did n't become an anti-democratic dictatorship . 
  that speaks well for the finnish people . 
   take those people on board , sink their vessel and deport them where they came from . 
  and what do you do when you get there ? 
  many of these camps are already full to the brim . 
  the host societies do n't want these people either . 
  are you just going to dump them on the beach ? 
  journalists will be around and if something happens to any of them , you can bet there will be a massive scandal . 
  also , even if it * did * work , it 's a very costly proposition . 
  it 's much cheaper to discourage illegal immigration in the first place than reacting to it once it is already on our shores . 
  granted , with my approach , illegal immigration would n't stop ( it never will ) but it will be far smaller because the focus is on prevention not reaction . 
  there is a lot of [ social research ] ( http://www.boston.com/news/globe/ideas/articles/2007/08/05/the_downside_of_diversity/?page=full ) on the willingness of people to pay high taxes and ethnic homogeneity . 
  basically , a ethnically/socially homogenous society will be able to collect much higher taxes than a super diverse one . 
  why ? 
  social trust . 
  as for taxes and the good life . 
  look , we 're not going to solve this issue on reddit . 
  people have been arguing for or against higher taxes for centuries . 
  all i can say , however , is that whenever white people have had a relatively homogenous society , social services have gone up and taxes with them . 
  [ this is even true for america ] ( http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2015/06/20/the-issue-that-wont-go-away/ ) . 
  you may try to shoot down the messenger by attacking krugman here , but if you think back to the 1950s , the u.s. had what was essentially a proto-north european welfare state in the offering . 
  the reason why the 60s big state revolution failed was a massive crime wave , which was perceived as being disproportinately black ( correct ) . 
  had the u.s. not had that problem , the social programs of the 60s would have survived . 
  my point is that high-taxes , high-welfare societies do work and they do work quite exceptionally well . 
  however , they require very strict conditions to survive , one of which is homogenous societies . 
  the left does n't want to accept that and the right does n't care about welfare in the first place . 
  you may be right , but this backlash has no viable political outlet . 
  i was in germany over the late summer , as i was flying back home as our place refuelled in berlin , and the media propaganda is amazing . 
  i took a stroll and read the papers . 
  i know basic german but honestly you do n't even need basic german . 
  just looking a the headlines and the images showed a fairly uniform narrative without even the hint of nuance . 
  and i thought swedish media was bad !, 
  germany probably beats sweden in this realm , amazingly . 
  that 's why i said merkel is an easy scapegoat . 
  this is a deeper , underlying cultural rot which is showing itself . 
  merkel is just the fig leaf/figurehead who is easy to bash for people who are frustrated . 
  but if it was n't merkel , someone else in her place would take similar policies . 
  and so far i have n't seen any real debate in germany . 
  it 's mostly centered about kicking out european migrants . 
  sinking illegal vessels means a bloodbath . 
  that 's never going to be politically viable and it 's immoral on top of it , as well . 
  also , you do n't need gunboat diplomacy . 
  look at australia . 
  if you tighten the magnets - the cheap and readily available asylum policies - you have mostly solved the issue . 
  illegal migration comes and goes based on risk/reward calculations . 
  they wo n't come if they know it 's impossible to get asylum . 
  if they know it 's easy , they will come , even at the risk of death . 
  it 's that simple . 
  sweden , which has always viewed itself as the anti-thesis of america , is probably going to go the way of america just as america is going the way of sweden .
