  however everyone and their brother knows what the end game is : the wrecked corporate sector in southern europe , especially italy . 
  italy 's npa are very high and while their banking sector get all the headlines , their corporate sector is in a semi-zombie state as well . 
  since draghi himself is italian , it 's inevitable that this will be used against him when the ecb will pull the trigger . 
  so , for now , mostly german corporations that frankly do n't need it . 
  this of course also gives german corporations far better debt terms than they should otherwise have , which is a risk in of itself , but thats the game that has to be played to get the germans onboard for what is essentially a monetary bailout of southern europe 's corporate sector . 
  the irony of this massive `` hunt for yield '' in the bond markets is that nations who should * not * have this privilege are also seeing their bond rates go down . 
  for instance , poland 's economic populism by reversing the hiking of the pension retirement age , the disastrious 500 + programme etc is nevertheless seeing its bond yields go down . 
  india 's economic management is better , but they are a developing country , yet they still see this . 
  on top of all of that , the ecb is buying more and more eurozone debt and now even corporate bonds . 
  i get that op wants to make this a nationalistic `` see , germany good ! '', 
  feel-good story , but this is * not * a good story . 
  when debt becomes increasingly less costly all around the world , the appetite for careless risk and massive debt binges increases . 
  not every country is as fiscally disciplined as germany and reduce their debt even in good times . 
  this is a dangerous thing for the world , because markets tend to discipline bad fiscal behaviour but this mechanism is now increasingly out of order . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm not following austrian politics very closely , to put it mildly , but i was under the impression that they were at around 15-20 % for most of the last decade or so . 
  wikipedia more or less confirms that . 
  good points . 
  i still think vdb is the likely winner for the reason you mentioned . 
  and at any rate , the president is largely ceremonial anyway . 
  a bigger shock is the sky-high support for fp\u00d6 in the poll . 
   doch [ til ] ( http://german.about.com/library/weekly/aa010806b.htm ) . 
  how is kern 's rapproachment with hungary going with the social democratic base ? 
  does he face any blowback of any kind ? 
  what 's the debate like in austria on that issue . 
  in sweden , the social democrats faced a brutal internal attack for their newly established asylum rules for instance . 
  there 's also the split between the old white working class base and the newly immigrant groups in metropolitan areas , just like in the uk with labour . 
  how is that dynamic , if at all , playing out in austria ? 
  thanks for the insight , just a follow-up , is n't kern doing more than his predecessor on immigration ? 
  i mean he has , for instance , made a point to repair relations with hungary and to co-operate closer with them . 
  just last year , hungary was denounced by faymann as reminding him of nazis , so is n't that a 180 ? 
  what i 'm saying is : given that kern has moved to this position , do you think it could blunt hofer any way at all ? 
  or do people simply do not trust the mainstream parties anymore on this issue ? 
   leaving the eu has been successful so far [ k ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-britain-eu-economy-pmi-idukkcn1020t2 ), 
  the burgers are running nato , not us . 
  and the burgers want the turks to stay . 
  i want a pan-european federal army . 
  i only want europe to be in charge of european defence . 
  however , as long as france/germany/uk are waffling on baltic and eastern european security , that will be a pipe dream , even with the recent movements and noises . 
  interesting he 's now being described as `` right-wing '' . 
  he was regularly described as far-right as recently as this year . 
  also , i have to say i am surprised by this . 
  given the post-brexit turbulence , i 'd have thought his euroskeptic stance would have hurt him . 
  perhaps other issues , like the terrorism in france and germany , have overtaken those concerns because he 's seen as more tough on immigration . 
  it 'd be great if an austrian redditor could chime in on this and address these issues . 
  hebrew was extinct for over a thousand years before it was revived and re-learned for ideological reasons . 
  cultures do n't really die , they simply go to sleep and they can be revived , if there is a will . 
  in a word : nato . 
  so , no . 
  many orthodox jews are forbidden to pray in churches by their rabbis because the whole holy trinity business is such a * massive * break with the tenets of judaism . 
  whereas the same rabbis usually allow jews to pray in mosques because islam is actually less of a break from judaism because a lack of belief in the holy trinity . 
  of course , this is a minority of all jews , but the orthodox jews are typically the most knowledgable of their scripture . 
  secular denominations of judaism are of course far more tolerant , but that is because the inventors of those denominations came out of the european enlightenment . 
   i doubt that anyone would let russia use nukes nobody would be able to stop them , but i do n't see why they would even use nukes . 
  i was just talking about nukes to showcase the * massive * difference in capability between the two nations  a full scale war ? 
  russia could probably win if the military had to emiliorate a civil war . 
   an invasion ? 
  aside from the usa , no one could pull it off . 
  an invasion from the outset would not happen , as i 've already outlined . 
  you arm the kurds , you get the iraqi and syrian kurds to join in , you see turkey become enflamed and * then * you swoop in , deal a decisive blow to the turkish military , restore order then follows . 
  that of course means splitting up the country . 
  anyway , this is all a theoretical discussion since nobody is going to invade turkey , but if it was going to be done , it would most likely be done that way , not an outright invasion from nowhere . 
   there wo n't be a civil war i do n't think you 're doing well on reading comprehension my friend . 
  i 'm not suggesting/predicting there will . 
  i 'm merely talking about how it could be done . 
  as for kurds in the east , you 're deluding yourself if you think its all about the pkk . 
  that 's why the kurdish/turkish conflict has gone on for so long  even then , you ca n't just swoop into turkey to `` stabilize '' the situation while the second biggest army of the nato is defending the country . 
  the united states could definitely do it but not without experiencing huge losses . 
  not a chance . 
  russia could easily destroy turkey 's military if turkey was already engaged in a civil war . 
  they have hypersonic jets and nukes , you have neither ( no , the nukes that the americans are storing in your country is not yours ) . 
   the `` kurds are an oppressed minority '' is kind of absurd . 
  spoken like a true turk . 
  ask the kurds in the southeast with their cities bombed out how `` absurd '' their oppression feels . 
   if you arm the kurds the military/police do n't even have to intervene , the population will take matter into its own hands . 
  as i said , there could be a way to involve kurds from iraq/syria who have a lot of warfare experience . 
  average joe 's with a gun at home but with zero training count for little . 
  my point here is n't that the kurds would win , they would n't . 
  the point is that with a 20-30 % armed population , it would create enough havoc for a civil war , by which then the west and/or russia would swoop in to `` stabilise '' the situation . 
  after which turkey could be carved up into different zones by ethnicity . 
  as i said at the outset : it 's doable . 
  at the same time , why on earth would the western powers and/or russia collude in that way ? 
  what purpose would a divided and destroyed turkey serve ? 
  none . 
  but the question is n't what i wanted , but rather if it 's possible . 
  it 's possible . 
   so strong stronk *, 
  in the uk ? 
  just curious , when was this ? 
  a few years ago , further back ? 
  how did these people get into that school if they were of mediocre academic quality ? 
  `` why are muslims never out there on the street distancing themselves !? '', 
  `` why are they silent !? '', 
  maybe you and i should build a lego airfield and try out different gameplans , jorge . 
  technially speaking you can be * for * democracy and still * against * secularism . 
  after all , if you define as being pro-secularism as the overarching goal , then what 's stopping a secular dictator or a secular military from running the country ? 
  is that democratic ? 
  that was the experience of turkey for most of the 20th century after all . 
   unlike what the guys over at / r/geopolitics believes , geopolitics are not only about acting rationally in the best interest of your country . 
  it is just as much about keeping power and in some cases , ideology and personal values also plays a role .
