   it 's not bias , it 's not disgusting propaganda . 
  it 's english . 
  you know better than this . 
   and even if it was intended , and here comes the confession , with the immediate apologist impulse . 
   the bias implied is so incredibly small compared to what you hear from daily mail or the sun and the like every two seconds , it 's not even in the same ballpark . 
  so two wrongs make one right ? 
  the reason why the bbc is/was trusted is because they have a higher standard than the sun and dm . 
  if they keep this up , they will lose that . 
  btw !, 
  for me , the most critical part is not whether a publication does celeb news . 
  it 's * how * the publication treats serious news , which even tabloids try their hand at . 
  so the bbc does n't get extra brownie points because they do n't do celeb news , if their normal news coverage is biased . 
  you may feel better about yourself reading them , but you wo n't get more informed . 
  and what 's the point of reading news if you 're not reading things which is intended to be as objective as possible ? 
  calling the group `` surviving migrants '' is absolutely propaganda and it smears bulgaria as a bunch of gun-toting loons who are probably racist , too . 
  your defence of this is amoral . 
  so basically the turks hate everyone . 
  this is n't news , though . 
  the german marshall fund have been polling turkish public opinion on the same question and the turks give strong negative opinions on china and russia , even more so than on the eu and this report confirms that . 
  it 's funny because some anti-eu turks have been pushing the idea of turkey going to china or russia instead of being too close to nato , but the population do n't want that . 
  the trouble is , the population does n't want/like nato/eu/us too much either . 
  if the turks want to go at it alone , let them . 
  why should we be around people who do n't like us and often ca n't be trusted ( like saying you go after isis then bombing the kurds , allow guns to flow to jihadists in syria and being too loose on refugees recently , the list goes on ) . 
  this report reminds us that having a west european passport is a privilege we often forget to appreciate . 
  i was unclear . 
  i 'm not for censorship , i 'm saying it should n't be read in the same spirit as i 'd say that someone should n't spend money on shit they do n't need . 
  it should n't be illegal , it 's just a moral judgement i made . 
  thanks !, 
  i suspected as much . 
  the two do n't have to be mutually exclusive . 
  and if a gang of yobs were harassing an elderly white woman , do you think everyone would been as quiet and non-interested ? 
  i 'm not saying his * intention * is irrational . 
  i find it highly rational , in the same way i find a racist acting like a racist to be highly rational , because that 's what you 'd expect from one . 
  i 'm not sure why this is hard to understand for you . 
  so because he 's jewish he 's automatically correct about wwii and anti-semitism ? 
  and ditto goes for being born there . 
  you 're assuming people have fixed qualities at birth . 
  that 's very weird . 
   `` people were watching but they ignored it . 
  no one wanted to help '' for me this was the most chilling sentence in the article . 
  you will always have a bigots like the chanting racists . 
  but it 's the silence from everyone else which is damning , because that speaks of a tolerance of violence and degradation if a woman is visibly muslim . 
   downvote all you want , but at least write a reply why you do so . 
  as you wish . 
  to pretend that magnets/pull factors do n't matter is either ignorant or disingenous . 
  it 's hard to say which applies to you . 
  here 's why : there was brutal wars in algeria in the 1980s , yet we did n't see a massive refugee stream because asylum rules in europe back then were much stricter . 
  there was a brutal iraq-iran war in the 1980s and yet the refugees from both countries who came during that time was also quite small . 
  the rwanda civil war of the 1990s is yet another example . 
  no big wave . 
  what we 've seen over the last 20-30 years is a successful loosening of asylum rules . 
  yet your comment totally omits that . 
  you try to make it look as if this is inevitable , because of these wars . 
  yet even a casual look in the last few decades have seen many wars which were just as brutal as the one in syria now taking place , yet did n't produce these massive streams . 
  and it 's not just the middle east , either . 
  there was a report the other day from the german media which basically said that new streams of people from west africa , which is fairly safe compared to the me , are now gearing up to leave for germany because they understood the rules to have been loosened . 
  they are correct . 
  so , no , your comment is n't factually accurate . 
  it 's a spin which is often used by merkel 's propagandists , to make it seem as if what is happening now is uncontrollable and inevitable . 
  it 's neither . 
  so i return to the original question : are you ignorant or disingenous ? 
  merkel is correct here . 
  freedom of movement in the eu is non-negotiable . 
  how can you have an `` ever closer union '' if the various european states do n't treat each other preferentially ? 
  of course merkel , in her asylum mania , may end up destroying the trust and solidarity that underpins it , but that 's a seperate issue . 
  the fundamental principle is correct . 
  there have been studies showing that polish/ee migrants are a [ net benefit ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/european-immigrants-contribute-5bn-to-uk-economy-but-non-eu-migrants-cost-118bn-9840170.html ) to the uk . 
  non-eu migrants cost over # 100 billion , though . 
  i 've always maintained that the `` attacks '' on eastern european migration was a chimera , because you ca n't talk non-eu migration in the uk without being accused of being a racist . 
  but it 's cool to attack poorer europeans . 
  so how do you square the circle ? 
  go after eu migration but cut non-eu migration . 
  and that 's what cameron and the gang have done . 
  but if you look at social attitudes , i highly doubt the vast majority of uk citizens mind polish immigrants . 
  if you ask them about , say , pakistani muslims , the story probably changes . 
  folk music in sweden is fairly small , as it is elsewhere , but there is a small energetic minority which keeps it alive . 
  that being said , sweden has always been a society with minimal respect/attachment for tradition , so i 'm in a sense surprised that our small folk genre even exists in the first place , it 's kind of impressive considering the surrounding culture . 
  i personally do n't listen to it that much , although i do enjoy folk music from time to time . 
  i 'm not a very ambitious music listener though , i 'm not someone who spends hours finding new music on my own . 
  partly because i am very picky and discard 95 % of the new songs i hear , on a good day . 
  the only thing this has proved is that censorship does n't work in the long run . 
  i 'm not aware if you can get this book in sweden , i 've never been interested , but i would n't be surprised if it 's easy to get as a pdf online for free . 
  so again , while 99.99 % of us can agree that nazism is shit and mein kampf should n't be read , if we ca n't even censor something which the overwhelming majority of us dislike , why do some people still think censorship in general works ? 
  this just proves it does n't , especially in the internet era . 
  it 's just not isis . 
  most of the jihadists in syria are not in isis but they are still violent jihadists . 
  even if it 's clear to everyone that they form a small minority of the refugee stream , they are in there , as numerous european intelligence agencies have conceded . 
  and the problem with bringing in so many without any significant controls is that it 's very hard to make any background checks whatsoever . 
  a lot of people do n't even bother to apply for asylum in the first place , especially in sweden . 
  it would n't be hard for a jihadist to go underground and go to a safe house run by other jihadists in europe , getting everything provided to them . 
   the ** surviving ** migrants - aged between 20 and 30 - have been detained , he said this is such a weasel word by the bbc . 
  i 'd ask any bulgarian redditor to please verify if the minister actually used the word `` surviving '' . 
  the migrant died from a ricochet - not an intentional act of killing . 
  for the bbc to use terms like `` surviving '' - this implies that the others were specifically targeted to be killed and were lucky to be alive . 
   jan t gross i did a wikipedia read on the guy . 
  it 's fairly obvious he 's obsessed with poland and basically hates the country . 
  it reminds me of this [ guy ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/11918619 ) . 
  we have to be honest with the fact that some jews have an irrational hatred for poland and are de facto racists/bigots . 
  they are a small minority , but they are loud . 
  i 'm in the same position as you .
