  it 's part of the reason why we are in the top leagues in terms of internet speeds today ( via akamai 's soti reports ) , due to massive fiber buildout . 
  this is easier when you start with nothing , as romania did , it 's a lot harder when you already have a lot of copperwires and cable tv infrastructure , but we did it anyway . 
  so it does n't surprise me that we 're doing the same with regards to human embryos . 
  it 's part of our national ethos , for good or ill , to jump on the newest trends and sticking with them . 
  we were masters at it . 
  we forcifully sterilised huge amount of gypsies during the era when racial eugenics was all the rage . 
  we also put the sterilisation drive to a lot of so-called `` dullards '' among ethnic swedes . 
  i believe i read somewhere that sweden did more forced sterilisations per capita than any other country . 
  i believe canada was also pretty crazy about it . 
  believe it or not , the most aggressive proponents where often left-wingers who believed in social engineering . 
  they often took it to the wall . 
  interestingly , one of the reasons why the eugenics drive failed to pick up as much momentum in america is because of their strong christian conservative roots ( at least back then ) . 
  it 's the same reason why embryo stem cell research is a big hot potato in the us ( bush , dubya that is , banned it . 
  i do n't know what the current status is ) . 
  it 's easy to make fun of these christians for their outdated beliefs , but there you go . 
  sometimes ` progress ' is n't really progress . 
   szegedi rejected his far-right past we 'll see where he settles . 
  if he settles in the occupied territories then he has only exchanged one kind of far-right identity for another . 
   i will of course seek to join the world zionist organization 's extensive activities in israel and abroad . 
  at least he will continue to be an ethnic nationalist , at the very minimum . 
  i 've said this for a long time , the dual aspects of pull factors are often neglected . 
  of these two pull factors , the ease to get asylum in the first place gets all the spotlight . 
  however , the difficulty ( or ease ) of being deported is just as important to focus on , often * more * so , yet it gets almost no airtime in the media or in the debate . 
  you 'll have to excuse being victim of the author 's military fan fiction amateur writings in the first few paragraphs ( wannabe clancy in the making ) , but the rest of the piece is interesting . 
  this will likely never really be enforced correctly . 
  the whole open border lobby in sweden is very strong , especially in the media and academia . 
  they had the police doing its basic job a few years back , asking people for their papers . 
  by the debate that exploded , you 'd be forgiven if we were about to send them to auschwitz . 
  it 's a similar thing in the uk , where some restaurant chain got [ viciously attacked ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/aug/01/byron-burger-chain-asks-protesters-to-respect-customers-safety ) by anarchists because they co-operated with the police to crack down on illegal immigrants . 
  that kind of violent tactic sends a chilling message to businessness , co-operate with law enforcement and you will pay an economic price with destruction of property . 
  iirc they even let in cockroaches into the restaurant to drive out guests . 
  it 's telling that the media reported on it with sympathy and there was little to no repercussion for these anarchists . 
  remember , the uk is supposed to be `` immigration hawks '' . 
  wtf are you doing , actually reading the article ? 
  get out of here !, 
  [ source ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/norway/unemployment-rate ) . 
  zoom out even more by selecting ` max ' years . 
  5 % is low by any measure , of course . 
  still , given how low oil prices could be with us for years , let 's hope this gets nipped in the bud and norway 's non-oil sectors start performing better . 
  as they should . 
  hungary 's not right to be doing this type of shit . 
  br\u00c5 , the swedish statistical agency publishes a wide-ranging survey every year that is all-emcompassing of crime in sweden . 
  their latest release concerns 2015 . 
  here is the [ swedish summary ] ( https://www.bra.se/bra/nytt-fran-bra/arkiv/nyheter/2016-01-14-anmalda-brott-2015---preliminar-statistik.html ) . 
  google translate tends to work pretty well from swedish -  english . 
  the tl ; dr is that the fastest rising crimes in sweden is stuff like cybercrime and fraud . 
  rapes fell 12 % from 2014 to 2015 . 
  violence against persons ( which includes more vague categories like `` threats '' ) increased by something like 2 % . 
  remember , this is not cases solved by police , just people making a declaration that they have been victims , the veracity of that claim is not part of these reports . 
  yes , there is a large black number out there , but that is true every year . 
  if there was a massive crimewave in sweden , it would show up in the stats . 
  that there are problems in our ghettos is not news . 
  it 's been like that for 15-20 years . 
  over this time , crime has dropped steadily in sweden , especially among the young . 
  crimes in school , for instance , has dropped by 3x . 
  the average immigrant school student today is less violent than the native-born swedish schoolstudent was in the beginning of the 90s , whereas the native-born swedish schoolstudent is even less violent than that . 
  i hope this answers your question ( s ) . 
  indonesians , kazakh and iranians do n't do this type of shit on a systematic basis . 
  and those all are overwhelmingly muslims . 
  you do n't see iranians doing this kind of shit , and they 're muslims . 
  same with indonesians . 
  did pakistanis come through the eu ? 
  depends on your gender . 
  i live close to a semi-ghetto here in sweden which is in the news on a regular basis for carburning etc. 
  i 've never even had a negative stare at me for several years now , and back then it was a white wannabe-thug who got dispensed with . 
  then again i 'm a big guy in my 20s who work out and am physically fit . 
  if i was a petite blonde woman just minding her business going around alone ( without male company ) and dressed in shorts and a tank top , i 'd be willing to bet my experiences would be vastly different . 
  the major differential in many of these areas is often gender/sexuality , not race . 
  a white man will be better received than a non-white woman who is dressed in a liberal fashion . 
  also , ask gay people how their experiences are with rampant homophobia is in said areas of east london . 
  when i was doing my study abroad at ucl , i lived in an apartment block with students from all over the world , including a gay guy from afghanistan . 
  he said he was shocked at the vitriol he faced when he clubbed in east london . 
  there were also a lot of reports of attacks on gay people . 
  so , if you 're a white straight dude like myself , which i suspect you are , i do n't think your experiences are necessarily going to be very representative of their tolerance . 
  it is if often said that a state should be judged how it treats its most vulnerable . 
  well , the same principle can be extended to neighbourhoods . 
  hihi, 
  so it seems from what you 're saying that you 're in favor of a more nordic model and a move away from the ultra low-tax regime of today ? 
  i do n't know enough about poland 's social services but my guess is that the average pole probably does n't get any better healthcare or dental care than the average estonian , yet pays far more in taxes for similar service . 
  higher taxes is n't a panacea . 
  the nordic model , as many of the more thoughtful economists have pointed out , requires a high-trust society with a highly productive population . 
  i think estonia has a shot at becoming that , but it needs better demographics . 
  our tfr are okay , but we still supplant that with immigration . 
  some of us ( denmark ) do it better than others ( my country ) , but the point is that such a high-tax system needs sky-high employment rates and a range of other issues . 
  unless estonians start getting far more babies , and pronto , i do see some hard obstacles to it . 
  still , i think you 'd be able to pull it off with a far greater chance than most countries out there . 
  if nobody else will say it then i will : if the british police does n't put serious boots on the ground in areas with large populations of poles and there is a top-down national effort to raise awareness of this issue , the polish community will take matters in their own hands . 
  you can make 1000 excuses for the current lethargy but neither one is cutting it . 
  the result will be that nobody will come out of such a development looking good , but safety is people 's top priority . 
  it wo n't be long until we start seeing polish ethnic gangs with knives and all other kinds of weapons going after english groups if this is n't nipped in the bud , * quick * . 
  where the fuck is the government ? 
  out of pocket expenses refer to stuff that the governments provide , but is instead paid for by private money . 
  i should have been more concise and precise on the exact meaning , so i kind of left you hanging there a little bit . 
  a good example would be the ( pre-obamacare ) very high healthcare expenses in america . 
  even today they are quite high , but not quite nearly as much as they used to be . 
  so , americans had a higher disposable income , but once you deducted all the out of pocket expenses , the situation changed . 
  another example is university tuition . 
  it 's either free or very low cost in most of europe ( exception being the uk ) , whereas in the us it is much more expensive . 
  again , an out-of-pocket expense . 
  american families often save for college for many years to afford it better .
