  israel is far to the left rather than ` to the right ' of the nf [ half of all israeli jews support ethnic cleansing of non-jews ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/almost-half-of-israeli-jews-want-ethnic-cleansing-palestinians-wake-up-call-survey-finds-a6919271.html ) . 
  i 'm not even sure most fn voters would support ethnic cleansing , but even if we assume they would , they form around 20-25 % of the french electorate , not 50 % . 
  so , i would n't say that israeli voters are `` far to the left '' of fn . 
  if anything the average israeli voter would either be right at home in fn or even to the right of it . 
  ^ 1 of course there are variations between the groups , but they still share an attachment to jewishness as a concept and as peoplehood . 
  i do n't think anyone in europe seriously even considers israel as a candidate country , i was only making a comparison between morocco and israel . 
  neither country are going to join , but if you had to pick one , i just do n't get why some countries are either more hostile to israel or nearly as hostile to israel as to morocco . 
  also , israelis already have dual passports in many cases and israel is often involved in various research projects etc , so i think the current situation of involvement/co-operation is ideal for both sides . 
   the trauma jews unfortunately had to endure in europe throughout years has also shifted onto the new generations , we recognise that europe has changed but from an ideological standpoint it 's a bit different . 
  yeah , i 'm aware of the demonisation of europe in israel . 
  but what interested me was that when you look at overall approval ratings of countries , europe as a whole is much more negative about israel than israel is about europe ( which it is at most lukewarm about ) . 
  for me that is surprising , since the average israel voter is probably to the right of the average front national voter . 
  after all , not even the fn dares to suggest an ethnocracy . 
  yet middle israel seem much more mellow towards the eu , while the average european voter , supposedly very liberal , is deeply hostile to israel . 
  as i said , it doens ' t make sense to me . 
  and even if they were , by some miracle , content in staying in southern europe or in parts of eastern europe , those countries are not going to accept the refugees . 
  people focus on ee , but countries like spain have only taken in something like a few hundred at best . 
  if you look at polls , the most negative countries to refugees are often greece and italy . 
  i just do n't see how you enforce a system which is so loathed in large parts of europe . 
  i remember you defending them a lot during the fall of last year . 
  and many other german redditors here as well . 
  so if even you have shifted , the public mood must have changed fairly dramatically . 
  please stop making a fool out of yourself . 
  crime is not the same as robberies . 
  some sub-categories have seen rises in some countries , like robberies and sexual assaults etc , while violent crime and especially murder have often been declining . 
  latin americans come from socities which are already semi-western . 
  they speak a european language , their elites are european and their culture is heavily mixed already . 
  if you look at their literature assignments in school it is mostly european/western books . 
  on top of it all , they share the same religion . 
  i 've seen this comparison made before and it never made sense . 
  it depends where in france you go . 
   anti brexit it 's anti-lies . 
  the brexit people told themselves it would be a spectacular success . 
  when reality hit and it was more or less in line what the demonised experts said , a lot of people went into denial and started to spin conspiracies that the world is out to get them . 
  it was pathetic then and it is pathetic now . 
  interesting to see sweden so pro-enlargement , we 're the most positive in the group . 
  certainly on serbia and ukraine ( tied with uk , but they are leaving anyway ) , the only two countries which have had serious discussions with the eu in recent years about joining , even if it looks unlikely by now . 
  which ships ? 
  i 'm still waiting to see evidence of this mystical influence we 're supposedly having on them . 
  it sounds more and more like an excuse to merely continue the status quo . 
  that is a good point , but most people also did not expect the massive migration wave that happened . 
  instead they were told it would n't be so many , which likely softened any skepticism . 
  further , we should also not exagerrate the opposition . 
  the opposition to turkey is not just based on economics but also cultural factors and religion etc. 
  neither of those who joined in 2004 had the same uphill climb to nearly the same extent . 
  he just answered your question ... cod fish . 
  and israel is far wealther , an innovative economy and has a substantial westernised population . 
  sure , it has a rapidly growing religously fundamentalist population , especially among the young , but i just do n't see why anyone would prefer morocco over israel . 
  god , this is brilliant . 
  someone get soros on the line asap !, 
  this has got to happen !, 
  that can partly be explained by demographics . 
  the uk is the america of europe . 
  you have water surrounding you ( natural barrier ) and you tend to get the most ambitious immigrants . 
  the turkish population in the uk voted for chp and other secular parties a lot more , whereas turks in the nl and germany are overwhelmingly pro-akp/islamist , which is correlated with far lower levels of education . 
  the point is that the reference point for the average british citizen of a turk is basically a well-educated secular person , which should soften the thought in the minds of most brits , even as they are seeing turkey as a country go down deeper into the sewer . 
  indeed , it is called `` demographic momentum '' . 
  turkey will keep having a growing working-age population for many decades to come . 
  it will surpass germany within the next ten years , unless merkel keeps the 2015 party going or at least steps it down to a half 2015 party for the next decade . 
  which i think is unlikely to say the least . 
  and anyway , erdogan has been on his own refugees welcome spree . 
  300k syrians are already slated to get citizenship with more surely to come . 
   turkish turks i know what you mean , but i could n't help but smile a little bit . 
  55 % upvoted . 
  some nuance :  `` the problem is that ** growth is looking increasingly lop-sided '' ** and  `` dig deeper beyond the headline numbers and more worrying pictures appear . 
  expansions in output and employment are clearly being driven to a large extent by surging growth in germany , while growth has almost stalled in both italy and spain , and contractions are being seen in france and greece . '', 
  [ source ] ( http://profit.ndtv.com/news/international-business/article-lop-sided-euro-zone-factory-growth-slowed-in-july-pmi-1438758 ), 
  that is the most pristine american moment in human history . 
  forget the pro-putin internet trolls , russia just stepped up their trolling game one notch above the rest . 
  i do n't know about ` worthy ' , more like practical . 
  you already have expertise in the area as you mentioned plus its an english-speaking country , so many of the people who worked in that sector could just move to ireland without the hassle of a new langauge . 
  sure , the industry at a high level is already mostly english-speaking even in countries like the netherlands , but local culture still plays a role . 
  and then there 's the geographic proximity . 
  in fact , some could even live where they are right now in and around london and just take flights to dublin . 
  i think in general , ireland will benefit quite a bit in the medium run from brexit even if it suffers short-term due to economic volatility in the uk . 
   it 's effect on people has perhaps strengthened right . 
   as although these words are still being used to silence arguments and points of discussion , in reality the frequency of their use is making them less and less meaningful but is n't this your wishful thinking ? 
  i mean , i seperate what is * logically * true and what is * effective * . 
  while i agree that using the - isms to shut down debate is not logically coherent , it is being done so often precisely because it * works * , on an emotional level . 
  and as i 've indicated , i 've heard for 15 + years now how supposedly it is no longer working as well as before , but i 'm finding the opposite to be the case . 
  i mean , in sweden , the shrill debate on race has been thoroughly imported from the us in the last couple of years alone . 
  we 've always been crazy on gender , so that is n't imported . 
  what i ask of people is to make a distinction of what is in practice effective as a tool to blunt the other side and what is a logically coherent argument ( which the use of - isms are not ) . 
  turkey 's geopolitical importance for the west and russia is undeniable . 
  it 's the primary reason why you are in nato . 
  for china and india , however , it is a lot less clear that you 'd be nearly as important . 
  india 's engagements with the middle east have been mainly around oil and the countries close to pakistan and afghanistan . 
  that 's logical , because oil is about economic and energy security and afpak is its regional neighbourhood . 
  turkey does not have oil and its importance for afpak is marginal to non-existent . 
  neither does turkey have any special relationship with the major oil/gas producers like the saudi or the gulf states . 
  so what could turkey bring to the table to india ? 
  you 're more than welcome to provide suggestions . 
  china has been even less engaged in the geopolitical games of the middle east . 
  all they care about is a diversified oil import market . 
  that turkey does not offer any substantial oil is another factor . 
  however , turkey 's pro-uighur stance is a major source of irritation in the china/turkey relationship . 
  given turkey 's marginal importance to chinese interests in the middle east * and * its pro-islamic rebel stance visavis the uighurs , you should again rationalise how china will ever want to become closer to you . 
  so out of the three major powers , only russia is left . 
  here , turkey 's geopolitical position does indeed make a lot of sense . 
  that turkey does not have any oil/gas is of no importance to russia since russia itself is loaded with the stuff .
