  the last 15 years was an abberation , since it was part of the commodity supercycle , led by china . 
  that was a one-off . 
  the problem is that fertility has not really declined that much in the way it did in india , china or south-east asia . 
  the result is a massive population boom with zero economic prospects . 
  if you think the arab world is the problem , you ai n't seen nothing yet . 
  on top of all of this , we have climate change . 
  fortunately for africa , their water security is quite good , but their continent will still be affected . 
  and then you have all these asian countries like korea , japan , china etc who are buying farm land in africa , depriving them of scarce resources . 
  russia may be economically waning , but it is still a major economy . 
  more importantly , however , it is a military might . 
  europe 's combined military budget is larger , but it is disjointed and disunited . 
  there 's no coherency . 
  that is ( slowly ) being changed but this process will likely take at least 15-20 years at best . 
  secondly , we have to seriously ask ourselves how willing the uk and france would be to go to war over , say , estonia . 
  it is the baltics , after all , who are most exposed and have virtually zero defence . 
  the current nato rotation is not enough , not by a long shot . 
  if the russians went in for gotland , they could take it within an afternoon without us doing anything , even if we wanted to . 
  yeah , somehow i knew this thread was going to hijacked by shitposters . 
   russia will also spend over the next three years about a third of another of its funds on covering the budget shortfall , the proposal showed , ** even though that fund was originally intended to cover long-term deficits in the pension system . 
  ** less a rainy day , more like raiding the pension system as well . 
  this gon ' go well !, 
  send them back then asap . 
  there was a hell of a lot of racism that exploded after the brexit verdict hit . 
  true , the perpetrators were a minority , but it is says volumes about what kind of campaign was run that bigots and racists felt empowered to act . 
  lies . 
  he fought hard and the establishment sabotaged his run at every stage , from doing as few debates as possible ( and putting them in weird time slots ) , to giving clinton extra access to donors , to the entire bs system of superdelegates . 
  the list just goes . 
  and i have n't even begun talking about the clinton shills in the msm . 
  bernie has moved the democratic party substantially to the left . 
  a wall street tool like clinton will try to wiggle as much as possible , but the base has tipped its hand . 
  if they ever get rid of superdelegates , only a candidate like warren could win in the future ( even if she is likely too old by then ) . 
  it 's largely a generational issue , it was also driven a lot by women 's sentiment ( first female prez etc ) . 
  you got some ` strayan blood in you ? 
  there is another way . 
  it 's what the bbc calls the singapore approach ( see number 5 on [ this list ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36639261 ) ) . 
  it would create some damage to the more uncompetitive sectors in the uk , but they are already largely uncompetitive today . 
  in the long run , it would create more efficiency by introducing competitive pressures and could be a long-term benefit . 
  of course , it would be politically risky to do something like that , since it would create short-term volatility which is why it will be the last option , but it is certainly a good replacement for the single market if it was ever done . 
  she never stated * right now * . 
  she just said brexit should not impact the larger goal of expansion . 
  that could mean we wo n't see new members for 15 years , and it would still be in keeping with her words . 
  in my view , the biggest unresolved issue is the euro . 
  merkel & other european leaders should focus on deeper integration before expansion . 
  the euro as it stands is a deeply flawed economic concept , as it prevents weaker economies on the southern rim to devalue their currencies suffiently , so they have to do `` internal devaluation '' , i.e. 
  slashing labour wages by massive amounts , and this causes an economic depression ( see greece ) . 
  that would be solved with a fiscal union , but if you 're not willing to do that , then having a single currency is an impediment , not a solution . 
  britain 's decision to leave the eu will force companies that rely on migrant labour to rethink their business models , if it leads to restrictions on low-skilled immigration . 
  for some , robots may be the most likely replacement , according to a report by the resolution foundation think-tank . 
  almost one third of the workforce in food manufacturing are eu migrants . 
  more than a fifth of domestic personnel are from the eu , and more than one in eight workers in sectors ranging from agriculture to warehousing and textiles manufacturing . 
  an end to free movement of labour would -- other things being equal -- make it more costly to fill these jobs . 
  given other changes such as the living wage , auto-enrolment in workplace pensions and the apprenticeship levy , there will be a strong incentive for employers to invest in automation . 
  this does not have to be a bad thing , the think-tank argues . 
  the ready supply of cheap workers has allowed uk employers to get away with relatively low levels of capital investment for many years , a trend that has become even more evident since the global financial crisis . 
  `` what the uk needs -- with its high employment , terrible productivity performance and low investment -- is more robots , '' said adam corlett , analyst at the resolution foundation . 
  the think-tank suggests that new technologies will be crucial to a recovery in uk productivity and pay growth . 
  there is some precedent for employers replacing migrants with machines : in the us , mechanisation transformed california 's tomato industry when the supply of mexican farm labourers through the bracero programme ended . 
  however , some sectors -- such as food manufacturing or food service -- are far more susceptible to rapid automation than others . 
  in other areas , such as cleaning or transport , there is far less scope for innovation . 
  employers are more likely to look again at training and career structures , and lobby government to allow immigration where there are sectoral shortages . 
  automation -- while it can destroy certain types of jobs , with serious effects on places and people -- does not necessarily threaten overall employment , the report argues . 
  middle-skilled manufacturing jobs have suffered a huge decline over the past 30 years as a share of total hours worked ; but new roles have emerged in science , it , health and caring . 
  this helps to explain why there has been little change in the distribution of pay , while the uk employment rate has risen to a record high . 
  both business and government , mr corlett concludes , must `` make some pretty big calls on what investment and labour supply will look like in a post-brexit economy '' . 
   they wanted to `` rub the right 's nose in diversity '' that was n't about european immigration and you know it . 
  it was about the post-1997 blair immigration policy , which was mostly about commonwealth immigration . 
  european migration did n't start flooding in until 2004 , when blair only had 3 more years to go . 
  the amount of spin and lies from uk posters in this thread is astounding . 
  literally a few months , but heknarf is n't good at doing talking points . 
   `` ** it was never like this before ** , '' gala said . 
  `` i do n't think britain is getting many qualified migrants . '' this is hilarious , the average educational qualification of bangladeshis and pakistanis who immigrated to the uk was not very high at all . 
  many of them came from ignornant , rural areas where they had pretty fundamentalist cultures . 
  indeed , if you look at their socio-economic indicators today , it is at the bottom of the barrel , especially for bangladeshis . 
  people are in total self-denial of reality . 
  asian voters voted almost 70 % for remain according to lord ashcroft polls . 
  this newspaper story is what the worst kind of journalism is : pick a pre-conceived narrative and report according to the parameters of said narrative , reality be damned . 
   it 's more that commonwealth citizens are required to jump through a ridiculous amount of hoops , including having a # 35k job lined up before they come to the uk that is a rule which was introduced just a couple of months ago . 
  ee migration has been happening for over 10 years . 
  pick a better talking point . 
  til : most turks living in istanbul are ghosts . 
  countries are not `` hit '' by globalisation , they fail to prepare for it . 
  italy has invested very little in education , it infrastructure etc for many years . 
  that 's not the problem for you . 
  you failed because your government did not invest properly in a national infrastructure . 
  the uk has a similar problem , their fiber rollout is absolutely pathetic . 
  france is fixing their problem ( although late in the day ) . 
  sweden has a highly regulated market and our average internet speeds in akamai is higher than romania 's . 
  so this is n't a question of regulation , but investments and priorities . 
  romania and sweden both have invested heavily in it infrastructure . 
  countries that did not , have fallen behind ( like italy ) . 
  ookla net index is unreliable , because it is n't a representative sample , self-selecting bias , plus it samples lte together with fixed speeds , while the former is heavily influenced by population density . 
  much better is the akamai index , which looks at all trafic through cdns and only on fixed broadband . 
  on that note , romania does good , but sweden does better . 
  korea beats us all , however . 
   `` romania 's average monthly traffic of 91 gb for fixed broadband lines is an exceptional level in europe , '' i 'm amazed this is exceptional . 
  i 'm easily going past 500 gb each month . 
  if you follow the whining in r/technology , a lot of burgers are breezing past 350 gb or whatever their caps are at , too , although that audience is of course niche in some sense . 
  exactly . 
  rape was used as a weapon of war in african civil wars during the 90s . 
  there are documented cases of mass rape by victorious armies raping the defeated men of the losing armies in history .
