  it is n't about morality . 
  the invasion of ukraine happened in the context of the preceding 20 years . 
  putin understood that if ukraine went fully into the arms of nato , the strategic deterioration of russia 's security under his watch would be intolerable . 
  not only would his leadership be under threat from an inside coup , he himself understands that it would have been the ultimate failure on his part . 
  if you were in the russian position , you would understand the same . 
  the problem with 99 % of the analysis on the crimea invasion is that it assumes that world history began in 2014 . 
  the vast majority of western media is n't helping in this , because anyone willing to dare to talk about it in a neutral way is immediately slammed as a shill for putin or whatever . 
  it 's a silly way to avoid the debate that was never really had . 
  was nato expansion really a smart idea ? 
  it was predicated on the notion that russia would passively accept being pushed into a corner and not respond . 
  that was naive . 
  and people who pushed for nato expansion should have seen it coming . 
  now they want to blame everyone else for their blunder . 
  far more than greece and romania , was my answer . 
  neither approach is going to help you get better relations . 
  but let me re-iterate , if you think arming ukraine will not significantly deterioate relations with russia then you are , as i indicated , far removed from reality . 
  it is n't even worth detailing . 
  just email a bunch of think tanks in the us and in russia and ask them the question : if they even bother to answer your silly question they 'll slap you down , as well as they should . 
  it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  is putin a thug ? 
  sure . 
  but let 's not pretend ceaseless nato expansion over the last 20 years had nothing to do with it . 
  imagine if russian forces were putting boots on the ground in mexico and adding more and more as the years went by . 
  i doubt the u.s. would be as sanguine as many expect russia to be . 
  i 'm no bear-hugger . 
  i think they should be sanctioned further , i think we should strengthen the defence in the baltics , but it is n't helpful to draw a black/white portrayal of this where russia is the perennial bad guy , forever , and we are always innocent angels . 
  reality is a bit more nuanced than that . 
   yes , europe is the central market of the world . 
  lol  poor countries ( india and china included ) are not markets , their population ca n't buy things . 
  india , maybe , but china is certainly more than rich enough . 
  their wages are already 50 % higher than russian wages . 
   i do n't understand how you that 's because he does n't . 
  anyone who * seriously * thinks you can both a ) arm ukraine and b ) improve relations with russia at the same time is either misinformed or delusional . 
  either way it is , it is far , far removed from reality . 
  baltics , central europe ? 
  really ? 
  poland is now central european and not eastern european ? 
  greece has far more in common with italy or portugal than it does with romania . 
  the map is jumbled . 
  exactly right . 
  she was the best minister in the government and she had a no-nonsense attitude to pandering and stood up for western values , fullstop . 
  whereas many on her left , like the idiots in the green party who kept covering for kaplan and other islamists , have shamed themselves . 
  unfortunately , they had backup from people like carin j\u00e4mtin and others in ( s ) . 
  the fact that she is grew up in a muslim household herself probably makes her less naive and allows her to see those islamists and their front groups for what they are . 
  i hope she gets back somehow . 
  she should certainly have a bright future in the country imo . 
  yeah , i voted for them in the eu parliament elections . 
  i never voted for them in our national elections simply because they did n't have a snowball 's chance in hell . 
  i honestly have no clue if they did anything good in the eu parliament but at least we had like 2 meps or something . 
  i re-voted for them in 2014 , but apparently 90 % of their voting base died . 
  the only reason they got a relatively high share of the vote back in 2009 eu elections was because of the controversies around fra was still fresh in people 's minds . 
  fra is basically our nsa wannabe . 
  people were * riled * up , bigly . 
  but then people forgot about it . 
  i must be one of the very few people in sweden who has it/internet issues as a top 3 priority . 
  hopefully if these guys go in and do good stuff in iceland , swedes will re-consider our own pirate party . 
   greed yeah man , economic growth = greed . 
  go home , you 're drunk . 
   sustainability and consequences be damned nice strawman . 
  development can go hand in hand with climate , my country and most nordic countries are evidence of that . 
  half-baked attempt at trolling . 
   i can make statements based on barely any data as well . 
  data ? 
  your comment is not ` data ' , it 's just uninformed rambling from someone who knows nothing about economics , which is what i replied to . 
  i doubt you could even tell me the difference between the primary balance and budget balance if i asked you . 
   germany and uk attract basically the same number of skilled immigrants give a source for that statement or else it will be discarded . 
  i 'm talking specifically about non-eu . 
   for instance italy has a lot of chinese too , they may be even more than the ones in the uk the uk has 2x the amount of chinese you have . 
   they will never be as important to the country as they are in the uk , because most of them are just unskilled textile workers and not young gratuated talents . 
  indeed . 
  the uk has both a * quantitive * advantage over you ** and ** and qualitative advantage in terms of the quality of migrants they get from china ( and much of the rest of non-eu in general ) . 
   the number of migrants is pretty meaningless nope . 
  you should think about it in terms of workforce growth . 
  of course quality of their migrants also matter , but so does growth . 
  85 % of their population growth since the year 2000 has been from foreigners . 
  if they did not have immigration , their demographics would be looking a lot like yours , except they do a better job skilling and educating their population . 
  however , so does japan , and they are barely growing anyway . 
  modern economics is based on consumption , for the most part , in developed economies . 
  if you do n't have a continous inflow of people into your work force , you hit a brick wall . 
  well , you crashed because you had uncompetitive export performance , * massive * wage growth without matching productivity performance and a debt-fuelled private consumption bubble . 
  romania is following that same path as things stand . 
  note : i 'm not predicting romania will crash like greece did , but right now their economy is not well-balanced . 
  what is hungary 's productivity growth , 2 % ? 
  wage increases upwards 8 % per year is deadly in such a context . 
   the economy minister 's statement last month that he agreed with employers on the need to import workers to fill vacancies caused a stir in hungary , where prime minister viktor orban has gained support by advocating a `` zero immigration '' policy amid the biggest refugee wave to europe since world war ii . 
  so will hungary get their own * gastarbeiter * progam then ? 
  it sure seems like that is what the employers are asking for , and now endorsed by a minister . 
  while i doubt hungary will attempt to do it via refugee migration , it 'll be interesting to watch . 
  poland is importing lots of ukrainians right now for cheap labour and a tightening labour market in general . 
  there are even north koreans in poland [ doing construction work ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/31/polish-firms-employing-north-korean-slave-labourers-benefit-from/ ) . 
  will we see a competition between hungary and poland on cheap ukrainian labour ? 
  and what of the balkan states ? 
  if they will go outside eu , where will they take labour from ? 
  i do n't see why not philippines . 
  they have a largely christian cultural background , their fertility rate is upwards 3 per woman , so they have plenty of growth to come , and their diaspora has more or less assimilated quite well in western countries . 
  latin america is another option , but their demographic growth is not nearly as fast as it used to be , and the income gap between them and hungary is also much smaller . 
  if you read the article , this comes across as less-than-good :  `` the advance must have been driven by private consumption , '' nicolae covrig , economist with raiffeisen bank romania sa , told bloomberg . 
  `` the performance of the industry should have remained weak in the second quarter , '' while `` net exports might have had a negative contribution , '' covrig argued . 
  domestic consumption received a boost due to the tax cuts and state-wage increases implemented by romanian authorities in additon , it goes on to say that the fiscal deficit is not really improving . 
  so , pushing private consumption with debt and negative net exports ... where have we seen that economic model before . .
