  why does he expect a right-wing pro-austerity pm to go to the bat for left-wing economics in a meeting with another pro-austerity head of state ? 
  either because he is na\u00efve - and he is n't - or because he sets an impossible target which he knows ca n't be reached so as to give him political room to recommend a no . 
  remember : this is new . 
  labour has always been the fanatically pro-eu party in the uk . 
  corbyn seems to break with that . 
  and if con + lab + ukip are all lukewarm at best to eu membership we could well see an exit when the referendum goes live if merkel pushes ahead with her eu army/pro-uncontrolled asylum policies . 
  germany 's immigrant demographics have actually been much better than france 's . 
  what we are seeing now is really more of a convergence . 
  so if they are going to be fucked , you 're * already * fucked by your own logic . 
  you ca n't even measure who is who in your country , even if most estimates say that you got at least 6 million arabs and that 's not counting the millions of africans . 
  i 'm more skeptical . 
  i see the future of europe increasingly being in the east . 
  i 'm talking culturally speaking . 
  if you go to cities like london or oslo or amsterdam , 50 % are non-natives and the vast bulk of those are non-europeans . 
  and this is showing itself in 2nd and 3rd tier cities as well . 
  we had a refugee rally here in sweden in our city . 
  i do n't live in the capital . 
  i 'd estimate 70 % of the crowd were of middle eastern origin . 
  the east/west divide persists for now but increasingly it will be a white/non-white divide . 
  the nationalist parties might not be the biggest in their countries but they will be the biggest among the native population . 
  over time , the geographic divide will transform itself into a racial one . 
  the idea that you can create europeans out of everyone , this illusion , is about to be shattered . 
  eastern europe will be resented for this , for it will be a shining reminder to the europeans in the west what a truly european europe can look like and it will be much more attractive than the muslim ghettoes of london or paris . 
  germany can only blame itself for its idiocy . 
  and my country 's not better . 
  if you ask the average german if there are any real problems with the polish community compared to the muslim ghettos i 'd highly doubt if even 5 % of them share your view . 
   a few months back uk ministers were strongly agains migrants from eastern europe that was always a diversion . 
  the reason why immigration was an issue was because of rotherham pakistani sex abuse , bradford , the jihadist killings etc. 
  but it 's not pc to talk about non-white immigration so let 's bash romanians !, 
  ( while cutting non-eu immigration significantly ), 
  or how some people think its their democratic right to cut off the funding for others because they do n't want to take the consequences of other nations fuck-ups . 
   i think poland does owe the eu a huge amount which has nothing to do with any special favors . 
  this is how the system is setup . 
  if poland was rich and germany poor the situation would be reversed . 
  poland and the rest of the eu owes germany * nothing * on asylum issues . 
  germany has idiotically pushed itself to this position and it is about to get humiliated because merkel cares more about arabs than she does about european cohesion . 
  this episode has shown once and for all that germany needs to be stopped . 
  i 'm also annoyed how silent and non-involved cameron has been in this saga . 
  i 'm guessing he 's fundamentally more sympathetic to the ee view but keeps quiet like a bitch . 
  sure he wants maximum concessions for his petty eu referendum but c'mon cameron , show some fucking balls for once with merkel . 
  you always shrink when the occassion comes . 
  that 's not all . 
  why do people always forget that merkel changed the rules on who can claim asylum ? 
  she massively loosened the framework . 
  people are acting as if she is helpless and hapless in this drama . 
  she actively pushed for this development by signalling that anyone from syria would get asylum in germany . 
  that is the core of this . 
  the merkel propaganda effort tries to paint her as `` pragmatic '' and i find it amazing that so many germans on this place buy this bs completetly . 
  i 'm not sure if this speaks volumes about her political skill or just how easy it is to fool and sucker the average german mind . 
  poland signed up for economic development . 
  it did n't sign up to a muslim asylum wave . 
  oh and inb4 `` yes but they are so few in the quotas ! '' . 
  that 's * always * how it starts . 
  people heard the same exact thing about the people who came in the 60s . 
  oh , they are just going to come for a few years , they are so few etc. 
  they 'll go home right away after the jobs are done !, 
  we all know what happened next . 
  this propaganda has been told for a long time now . 
  it always begins with a small trickle and `` somehow '' the it always snowballs . 
  eastern europe better not bend towards the dictates from berlin . 
  if germany wants to end itself it has the right to do so , but it ca n't demand that others follow in its suicidal path . 
  i 'm no fan of the muslim asylum dogma but zyllber comes across as much more knowledgable than the sys guy . 
  do we have a third austrian here who can chime in on this issue ? 
   the sub is ** swarming ** with germans , poles , scandinavians , dutch . 
  this kind of language is [ unacceptable ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/david-cameron/11804861/david-cameron-says-describing-migrants-as-a-swarm-wasnt-dehumanising.html ) . 
  these are human beings we are talking about !, 
  so it looks like we 'll see a concentration of refugee asylum immigration into a few select countries ; germany , sweden , austria and increasingly even finland ( ! ) . 
  this is the so-called basket case model and i am in 100 % support of it . 
  concentrate the policy in a few countries , see them fail completely in integration and then ask : why should the rest of europe follow ? 
  the only exception to this push-through , apart from a supermajority , would be a so-called simple majority ruling , which is * very * unusual as the article states . 
  if germany will push for that , i would n't be surprised to see eu exit referendums in places like hungary or czech republic . 
  the crazed germans are playing with fire if they truly value taking in more arabs over the cohesion of the european project and would have shown themselves unable and undeserving of the leading role in europe . 
   we could take in a billion of immigrants for whatever i care , as long as there 's some kind of plan/idea how to make integration work . 
   i do n't give a fuck who commits crimes this is why sweden is n't improving . 
  do you notice a difference between you two ? 
  he 's unapologetic even if he is stupid . 
  you 're bending over backwards not to offend anyone . 
  stop being so fucking weak , thanks . 
   anyone who can not bridge , can not compromise will be disappointed because that 's the only way going forward . 
  said without irony . 
   and whatever troglodytes choose to perish we 'll be better off without . 
   your idea of sweden has to burn you 're not smart enough to realise your own hypocrisy so i point it out for you . 
  by the way , my idea of sweden is already burning and it 's being done by pyromaniacs by you . 
  that 's why i said , there has to be a separation where we , the healthy and sane minority , start afresh , and anew and crush the old , sick and degenerate that you represent . 
   i would be very pleased to be rid of them . 
  by the way , why do you imagine that we would leave sweden ? 
  the fight is just beginning . 
  oh , and who do you think will fight the hardest ? 
  someone who has no roots and does n't care about culture , who does n't have a community and no loyalties to anyone or someone who is deeply enmeshed within his culture , building alliances with other european peoples ? 
  i mean , i do n't want you to give up that quickly . 
  the next 30 years are going to be fairly hilarious as your project fails even further and people like me will consolidate . 
  think of it as slowmotion torture for you . 
  trust me , i 'll enjoy every second as you squeal and whine over how society changes , 
  oh , i do n't doubt that either . 
  but did that stop you people in 1776 ? 
  will it stop us ? 
  your username checks out . 
  4 arabs asylum seekers in the mid-teens ( or so they claim ) . 
  happened yesterday . 
  http://www.friatider.se/flyktingbarn-anh-llna-f-r-gruppv-ldt-kt-p-s-dermalm this is so common now in sweden i 'm kind of jaded about it .
