  once you have your australian bachelor 's degree , getting a citizenship is much easier . 
  you just have to work a relatively short period , and you 're done . 
  what you have then is someone at the start of their economic career ( meaning maximum income to the state with minimal drag ) , plus someone who came at an early age so they can adapt easier . 
  they also do n't have to worry with qualifications from weaker univerisities from the 3rd world and language aquisition is essentially already taken care of , which means that getting a job should be far easier , which it often is . 
  it 's a smart system , which is why australia has done so well . 
  one should be careful with sweeping statements about nationalities . 
  indians , for instance , have done remarkably well in the west . 
  but this also has to be tempered with the fact that the people who come to the west are not just the top 10 % . 
  they are literally the top 1 % . 
  for instance , only 7 % of india 's population hold a bachelor or higher . 
  by contrast , indian immigrants to can/aus/nz / uk/usa have 70 % bachelor . 
  that 's a factor of 10 . 
  and notice that even then , they are often the better-qualified among those who have bachelor degrees . 
  so their economic performance is not something i take as surprising . 
  their cultural adaptibility is more impressive . 
  generally speaking , indian religions are quite tolerant . 
  i would say to you that sikhs and jains have more tolerant beliefs than christian mainstream denominations . 
  hindus are about on the same level . 
  when it comes to muslims , it is complicated . 
  iranians are muslims , yet have done well both in terms of economics but also culture . 
  the same can be said for indonesians , kazakhstanis , malaysians and other muslims . 
  by contrast , christian africans have done not very well , although in america at least this is somewhat tainted by their painful racial legacy . 
  nevertheless , i view religion as important , but i do n't subscribe to the islam = evil world view . 
  it 's much more complicated than that . 
  the highest rates of fgm in the world are in christian east-african states . 
  i look at stuff like intermarriage ( a proxy for cultural assimilation ) , especially between the women and the native men , because * all * cultures tend to guard the woman 's sexual choices much more than the man 's . 
  i also look at crime . 
  i look at radical ideologies . 
  self-reported well-being is also important . 
  if you look at britain 's ons statistical agency , they break down self-reported well-being per ethnic group . 
  chinese and indians are essentially on par with whites , meaning that they feel at home to a large extent . 
  there are a range of issues one should look for , and it is important to look at them in the context of a western society . 
  despite our insistance that the world is very global , culture remains very local . 
  what works in our society may not work elsewhere and vice versa . 
  orban does n't want multiculturalism at all . 
  i would be in favor of an australian/canadian system , which he would n't , so i do n't view that comparison as accurate . 
  as for cultural compability , my general view is that people vastly overstate the differences between western nations . 
  i hear a lot from smug americans how great they are at assimilating . 
  i casually note that concerns about racial tensions are at their highest for many decades in polls from pew and other respectable organisations . 
  if you look across the western world on which minorities are generally seen as fitting in well and do well on both culture * and * economics , the list is very boringly predictable and monotone . 
  this suggests to me that instead of assuming each nation needs a super-complex formula , what you need is really the right * people * , and then it will mostly take care of itself . 
  not necessarily . 
  efta does not have a forcing function like the eu has , which is an advantage when you are a fledging state just out of independence and commitment to economic reform ( which goes hand in hand with legal/rule of law reform and environmental reform ) can be shaky in the newly emerging political class , often kleptocrats from previous rule . 
  frankly speaking , the eu did n't dictate issues of diversity and identity until now , and it 's not just ee nations which are uncomfortable with that . 
  denmark 's famously euroskeptic and it wo n't get better if it continues . 
  you may pretend that the last few years of said pressure is in keeping with tradition , but it is n't . 
  this is a new development . 
  it should be up to each member state to decide . 
  because multiculturalism can be done in intelligent ways . 
  see australia and canada . 
  just because europe 's implementation is garbage does n't mean it always have to be . 
  and yes , it is n't just about integration policies , immigration is just as important to design the right way . 
  done right , it can be a big asset . 
  it also solves the demographic challenge for many nations , but it requires taking in people with a high degree of cultural compability ( east asians , hindus etc ) . 
  that 's why . 
   canada  which are the most internet-friendly nations ** in europe ** ? 
  erm . . 
  even beyond that , i would question including germany higher than the u.s. , which is what that report does . 
  america has much better free speech laws , which extend to the internet . 
  although it has far more draconian attacks on pirates , but that list was mainly concerned with censorship from what i could tell . 
  when one of your op-eds is literally called `` germany can take that smug look off its face '' then you know its time for you to turn off the lights and go home , because you 've ceased being a journalist and are nothing but a sewer-dwelling shock jock . 
  a vigilante group that is reserving the right to commit violence to enforce the law is the problem here . 
  while that is certainly better than to commit violence to * break * the law ( unless the law is immoral ) , it is still the domain of the state to fulfill such functions . 
  no matter what the intention of soo ( and we should n't be gooey-eyed about the fact that the organisation contains many neo-nazis ) , the purview of enforcement rests under the auspicies of the police . 
  last time i checked , the finnish police did not ask soo for help . 
  this does n't * excuse * the violence against soo , however . 
  i am merely saying that the group should be dismantled and banned for it is encroaching on territory that is the responsibility of the finnish state . 
  the fact that we 're now comparing romania with london or sv is in of itself a remarkable statement of success . 
  well , `` we '' is perhaps a too optimistic term . 
  let 's settle for some . 
  in the end , you need a big internal market to grow big . 
  if you look at all big internet companies , they all have a massive internal market , whether the u.s. or china . 
  smaller companies from smaller nations inevitably get bought ( see skype ) . 
  in my view , the author glosses over this completely . 
  for romanian it to truly become world-class , they need to have a totally friction-free internal market . 
  spotify said a few years ago that it was easier for them to enter the u.s. market than it was to enter the spanish market , even if spain and sweden are both part of the eu and much geographically closer . 
  if that is n't a statement of fact about the utter decrepit state of eu cohesion over competition harmonisation and economic laws then i do n't know what is . 
  it would unfair to assume that romanian it firms are not having the same trouble as spotify had . 
  a lot of hyperbole there . 
   hungary and poland , once the wunderkinder of the region 's democratic transformation , are led by politicians braying 1930s-style chauvinism just shout hitler and be done with it . 
  seriously , it would be more intellectually honest . 
   they signed up for a white , christian europe -- and got a meddling , multicultural bureaucracy instead . 
  i 'm not sure if this is accurate . 
  afaik , they signed up for an * economic * union . 
  i do n't think the ee nations are having a heart attack if some we nations have diverse populations . 
  what has changed is not the ee nations . 
  what has changed is the eu , which has gone beyond its traditional areas . 
  and by the way , this is n't a ee/we split anymore . 
  the near-election of hofer should have been a wake-up call . 
  wilders is leading the polls by a significant margin in the nl . 
  whether you are pro ( like me ) or anti ( like ee ) multiculturalism , i think we can all agree that these issues should be up to each member state to decide , not enforced by diktat from brussels . 
   the promise of europe looks to be over . 
  liberal democracy -- even in england , its home -- looks weak and flabby . 
  german hubris carries a good deal of the blame . 
  of course - the inevitable bashing of germany . 
  how did i not see that coming ? 
  also , notice again the hysterical hyperbole . 
  honestly , i could go on but that was a shit op-ed . 
  google 's algorithms should be taken with a grain of salt . 
  it 's not always the most common , but it is selected as the most * relevant * .
