  and for what ? 
  for you to sit there like a pathetic tool and say `` lol just moar bombs bro '' . 
  get out . 
  it is with that attitude . 
  when you get lectured by sweden on manliness , you know its bad . 
  i 've seen that copy/paste comment from you on multiple occasions now . 
  it 's not like it gets more logical the more you spam it . 
  let 's break it down . 
   the irony is that to western european far right winger eastern europeans are no different than refugees doubtful . 
  the main reason why ees are feared is because of the economic pressure they bring on the working classes . 
  nobody in their right mind thinks that ees are spreading fundamentalist values , unless you consider squatting with adidas tracksuits as a fundamentalist trait ( i 'd be willing to consider it ) . 
   if western europe were as xenophobic as eastern europe we would have deport all eastern europeans by now and there wo n't be free movement what makes you think it is n't already ? 
  the main reason ees are going to we is because of the economy . 
  did you miss brexit ? 
  what was that all about ? 
  i 've lost count at the times i 've read people here whining about spending 0.3 % of their gni on the eu budget , of which only 1/3rd actually goes to developmental aid . 
  of course , nobody is saying `` waaahhh , we 're spending 0.1 % of our gni on ee states !! '' . 
  instead it is ** billions ** with a capital b. 
  point is , you do n't know the counter-factual , so you ca n't claim you know the outcome if the roles were reversed . 
  you 're just idly speculating and bullshitting . 
  you ca n't kill an idea or an ideology with a bomb . 
  the french have tried the forced assmiliation route . 
  how did it work ? 
   1707bestyearofmylife you must have lived a fabled life . 
  breivik is a perfect example of the impossibility of preventing a highly motivated individual to do mass damage . 
  the reality is that an open democratic society has a weak underbelly for terrorism . 
  it 's the price we pay for the freedoms we cherish . 
  there 's an easy to way make our nations very safe : turn into a totalitarian state . 
  but with such physical safety , you throw away your democratic freedoms . 
  very , very few of us are willing to make that bargain willingly . 
  we agree , but the issue is that so many on the right are literally tearing at the seams to demonise everyone who is brown , and then it 's the gays , women , socialists etc. 
  it 's always the same . 
  what would you have us do ? 
  most of the time when we try to mimic the far-right , their support only grows as they become legitimised . 
  i agree the status quo is not sustainable , but i do n't see any easy solutions here . 
  easy to say `` we have failed '' . 
  okay , i concede . 
  but what next steps would you have done ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqguyxlkuim unless you would claim every single one of those booing fans are erdogan voters , i 'd say the hatred against europe in turkey is a * wee * bit more widespread than you 'd like to pretend . 
  very clever of turkish media to invoke genocide in condemnation of others . 
  far-left terrorism by communists and anarchists in the 70s was very deadly , on a per capita basis it was more deadly than what we 're seeing now . 
  ( that does n't excuse the current terrorism , but keep this in context ) . 
  australia has very high levels of immigration , so the issue is not quantity , it 's * quality * . 
  as you say , it 's about groups of people who are culturally * and * economically compatible with modern western states . 
  do n't pretend that the left does n't have a point , though . 
  do you * seriously * believe the far-right populists genuinely care about women 's rights ? 
  look at their brethren in eastern europe . 
  when they can no longer demonise brown people , gay people and women are on their target list . 
  the problem here is that the left has failed , yes , but that does n't mean that many on the left do n't have legitimate reasons to distrust many of the far-right populists . 
  with good reason . 
  and what do you do with the people who were spreading the propaganda ? 
  razing a mosque may make you look tough/you 're doing something , but it is just a building . 
  the people responsible for the hatred are often born in the country with citizenship . 
  they are not going away . 
  they can continue to spread their venom in underground groups and circles . 
  you ca n't physically raze/destroy a belief system . 
  and what is your proposal ? 
  most of the debate i have seen in western europe has centered about forced assimilation , strong secularism . 
  guess what ? 
  that 's * exactly * the policies that the french have pursued . 
  how did that work out for them ? 
  how are you going to prevent lone wolf attacks ? 
  unless you 're willing to live in a fascistic surveillance state , there is no clear way any intelligence service can prevent a motivated terrorist who acts without a cell or under direct instruction . 
  obama is out within 6 months and erdogan is isolated by everyone . 
  still , the potential for more off the cuff clownish actions is there . 
  it 'll be entertaining for us , but not fun if you 're a brit . 
  also anti-semitic . 
  clearly ethnic pressure groups can never be wrong ? 
  u.s. muslims do a lot better on socio-economic indicators than european muslims . 
  that 's universally accepted . 
  however , that is largely due to the fact that u.s. muslims are , on average , significantly better educated at the time of their entry to the u.s. than vice versa to europe . 
  that still leaves my point about cultural compatability . 
  better educated people tend to be more socially moderate , but even so , your starting point in what group you belong to matters . 
  being on the right in sweden will still mean you 're far to the left of someone considered liberal in , say , egypt or pakistan for most of the time . 
  my point about the irony of someone who supports israel but condemns poland remains , especially since israel 's clergy is far more empowered in the political arena than poland 's . 
  also , someone who is a frequent `` contributor '' to / r/the _ donald is not a liberal . 
  keep deluding yourself otherwise . 
  maybe the austrians should learn from the poles , turn it into a tourist site for those who despise him . 
  auschwitz is a huge luctrative business for the local economy in poland . 
  so they could steal some of those annual israeli high-schoolers by having them go there instead to poland . 
  also , consider all the hitler caf\u00e9s and whatnot in asia , in korea , india etc. 
  there are plenty of asians who seem to be curious about him , why not take them to austria and let them spend the tourist cash ? 
  maybe i 'm being too pragmatic about it , but it 's clear to me that the surviving landmarks of nazism is big business today , whether we want to admit it or not , why not make the best of it ? 
  surely better than to allow the neo-nazis palling around the site . 
  agreed , but the swedish government 's strategy seems to have been `` if we ignore the calls , or claim we do n't know where it is for long enough , they 'll forget about it and we 'll get to keep it '' . 
  please do n't make them get away with that . 
  to be fair , the ideological distance between an average pole and an average german is not that great . 
  both are fundamentally culturally christian , share a central european background . 
  most poles are more culturally conservative whereas most germans and nordics are very liberal , but even the polish cultural conservatism would be very , very liberal in the muslim world . 
  how many poles would agree with the statement that ex-catholics can be murdered ? 
  the results for that on the pew polls are huge across most of the muslim world . 
  the root problem , i think , is that integration for too long was strictly and narrowly defined in economic terms . 
  basically : if we get them jobs , the problem will go away . 
  economic malaise will feed discontent , but it is n't enough of a factor . 
  indigenous cultural values matter . 
  how should a woman be treated is not contingent on whether you have a job or not , those are deep-rooted values . 
  look at the gulf arab countries , who are all really rich , yet their cultures have not left the stone age . 
  prosperity alone is no guarantee of social liberalism . 
  lenin once said that the best and most fanatic communists were typically the recently converted from a bourgeois background , because the ideological distance was so great , hence the implication being that you 'd have to be * really * crazy and devoted to the cause if you actually made the leap . 
  most christians in europe have the misfortune of not having enough melanian , therefore the social tolerance of self-avowed `` anti-racists '' of their social bigotries is a lot lower .
