  they think if they just get rid of merkel , everything will be fine . 
  the rot goes deeper than that . 
  i have an even more poetic vision : bulldoze those abominations completely to the ground and in their stead build something fundamentally new . 
  something which is n't a slab of concrete but perhaps organic and entirely self-sustaining in energy . 
  like passively cooled buildings . 
  given that isis now has control over a portion of territory which is not far away from the size of germany , can we now please stop pretending that they are just another terrorist group and start treating them like a state-leading organisation ? 
  they are even thinking about their own financial/monetary system at this stage . 
  they have introduced the first steps in their own coinage system . 
  yet i still see lazy comparisons to al-qaida and similar outfits . 
  even if my position on syria is probably closer to the u.s. than the common european position , it 's shocking to me how the u.s. thinks it can just freeze out what is supposed to be its main allies and who have borne the brunt of the syrian conflict when you look at the western nations . 
  ( obviously not including the immediate neighbourhood ) . 
  how many syrian refugees has the u.s. taken in again ? 
  goes to show how the so-called nato alliance is increasingly a fig leaf and ought to be discarded . 
  it 's worth pointing out that these rankings are based in large part on research output . 
  research in uk universities , like in the u.s. , is often in-house at universities . 
  in germany or france , by contrast , the major research being undertaken is * not * at the universities but often in state-owned institutions which makes their universities seem far worse than they are . 
   the german research base is characterised by non-teaching institutions and looks complicated , but is also relatively well-funded when compared to the uk 's . 
  * its structure also leads to underperformance in the global league tables , making german research appear less good than it really is , hillman argues . 
  *  ** for example , if the max planck society were included in the shanghai jiao tong university league table , they could displace cambridge as the top placed european university and knock oxford out of the top 10 ** , hillman says . 
  [ ** source ** ] ( http://www.hepi.ac.uk/2015/09/03/keeping-germans-can-germany-teach-uk-tuition-fees-international-students-world-class-research/ ) you have similar institutions in france , which also obscures just how good some of their top institutions are . 
  great , awesome and informative post . 
  thanks for taking your time !, 
  as well as it should . 
  violence is a tactic for the undemocratic . 
  not to say it 's ineffective in the long run , too . 
  and i 'm saying that as someone who thinks these people are idiots . 
  although i 'd argue that there are concrete benefits to giving up whiteness in 2015 compared to your parents generation , where the benefits of whiteness outweighed the benefits of non-whiteness by a large amount . 
  the big question is if non-whites will allow jews to become non-white again . 
  especially when so many of you are assimilated . 
  look at the attacks on lena dunham and her girls show in 2010 . 
  the fact that half the main cast was jewish did n't placate black critics who attacked the entire show as too white . 
  in the eyes of the rest of the world , being jewish is now being perceived as too privileged . 
  you see the same strain in ken livingstone 's attack on uk jews as being too [ greedy money-grubbers ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/10813331/jews-vote-tory-because-they-are-rich-ken-livingstone-says.html ) to be voting labour anymore ( not any anti-semitic stereotypes here ! ), 
  [ another issue is zionism ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/10/us/campus-debates-on-israel-drive-a-wedge-between-jews-and-minorities.html?_r=0 ) , of course . 
  it reminds me of the story of susan sontag who got viciously attacked by the left in the 80s when [ she dared say ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/books/00/03/12/specials/sontag-communism.html ) that if you had read a small-c conservative middle america publication like reader 's digest instead of high-brow coastal socialist magazines , you would have gotten a more accurate description of the evil empire than the fantasising on the left . 
  she was , of course , horrendously attacked and booed for it , but the point remained . 
  this was a concurrent theme during the cold war . 
  leftists always attacked the republicans for being ` simpletons ' , saying the soviet union should be appeased ( even if they never used the word , that is what their argument was ) etc. 
  and that `` needless confrontation '' was foolish . 
  well , guess what , sometimes you ca n't negotiate with thugs . 
  whether it 's putin or isis . 
  unilateral surrender is a sure-fire way to assured defeat . 
  that does n't mean that diplomacy should be discarded but it * does * mean that one has to accept that there are times in life where you have no way out but to fight your way to a better outcome , without counting for even a millimeter of concessions from the other side . 
  never say never . 
  the establishment said he would never get elected labour leader either . 
  also , after 10 years of tory rule , people will naturally gravitate towards the alternative and corbyn will benefit from that , even if he is seen as a weaker candidate ( which i actually do n't think he is ) . 
  it was . 
  insulting the dutch as `` little germany '' is more than enough to earn upvotes . 
  also , wtf with that attack on stromae ? 
  he is n't * that * bad !, 
  janne jofesson is basically the last honest journalist left in sweden . 
  he has been unrelenting in exposing right-wing neo-nazis as well as left-wing communist extremists . 
  sweden has had a big problem with political violence for a long time , and most of that violence actually came from the far-left . 
  and since most journalists are left-wing ( per kent asp 's survey 's of journalists political preferences ) , this fact was often overlooked . 
  not by josefsson . 
  he has also made lots of documentaries about islamist violence . 
  basically it does n't matter to him if you are a nazi , a violent communist or an islamist . 
  if you 're an extremist with a totalitarian outlook , you 're in the spotlight . 
  and this documentary does shed a lot of uncomfortable truths about anti-semitism , namely that most of it comes from non-white often muslim immigrants . 
  this is n't a new discovery , but it is rarely discussed in the swedish media . 
  you often have to go to media abroad for that . 
  it 's kind of funny to see arabs saying , in effect , sweden has too many arabs . 
  of course if anyone us said that , holy shit , hate speech etc. 
  but it 's cool for the immigrants to be blunt about it . 
  and it also raises the inevitable question : could it be he knows his countrymen better than the european authorities ? 
  would n't be surprised if the children of these economic migrants move to the u.s. or similar countries in 20-30 years as the demographic revolution really starts to show and the fundamental cultural conflicts arise . 
  right now , you can often just sweep the problems ~ ~ into the suburbs ~ ~ under the carpet . 
  it is . 
  hunting for asylum for these people is no different than when i am hunting for a new gpu . 
  i go to social media , forums , etc and ask basic questions . 
  i go online and do research on my own . 
  after quite a while of thinking and reading , i decide to make an informed buying decision . 
  they make an informed asylum decision , based on economic factors , not desperation or `` fleeing from war '' . 
   i ca n't think of a single instance of when hate speech has been applied by the courts in a case of political speech . 
  even a simple google search will fix this . 
  it 's obvious you 're doing furious damage control in this thread . 
  good luck !, 
  this is a really hilarious thing , actually . 
  how many native germans have even read this document ? 
  also , just giving the constitution to them is n't going to turn them into culturally german citizens . 
  most of these people came for economic reasons . 
  the german culture is n't something that drew them in . 
   this is the correct answer and needs to higher . 
  it 's the incorrect answer and it needs to go lower . 
  hets mot folkgrupp is incitement . 
  missaktning is an added word to make the definition much broader , which is of course the point . 
   swedish law is written in swedish and interpreted by swedish judges . 
  shock ... who knew ? 
   you 're translating this terribly , `` missaktning '' does not in any way translate to `` disrespect '' . 
  except it does . 
  missaktning is a very mild way of treating someone , which is why people have been taken to court for ridiculous statements in the past . 
    to show `` missaktning '' is basically to openly despice something to the point just up to inciting hate for it . 
  not really . 
  inciting hate is `` hets mot folkgrupp '' . 
  something completely different . 
   i 'm a law student currently in my second year of studies , if anyone have a question i 'm free to answer . 
  read : `` i 've just turned myself into an instant authority on something i 've just completely bungled '', 
  just because the guy is an undergrad does n't mean he is an expert on the law - even if that is how he presents himself . 
  people have been taken to court because they 've written negatively about immigration - and immigrants behaviour . 
  also , missaktning is absolutely a mild word .
