  your media is awful as well . 
  merkel is never threatened because she is constantly portrayed just as she wants to be portrayed : as a steady hand , a pragmatist and someone who is trying to responsbility steer germany and europe through the waters of dangerous populism . 
  that many of her decisions has exercabated the populism in europe is rarely if ever mentioned in the german press . 
  forget the refugee crisis . 
  the root of this malaise still lies in the failed eurozone disaster of 2011 onwards , where merkel pushed for herbert hoover-esque economic policies . 
  she condemned southern europe to generations of stagnation and crushed europe 's nascent recovery . 
  trichet at the ecb was no better , hiking rates - twice - during 2011 . 
  europe has had 5 years of horrid policy failures . 
  yet the german press has spent most of that time demonising greeks as lazy cheats or even racially inferior [ sub-humans ] ( http://www.keeptalkinggreece.com/2015/06/14/greeks-are-not-real-greeks-claims-german-welt-favoring-a-dna-based-eu-membership/ ) . 
  imagine if a major german daily talked like that about jews . 
  there would be outrage and heads would roll . 
  yet it was fine to smear greeks like that . 
  welt was only the worst in a long line of offenders . 
  you do n't just need a new political class . 
  you need a new media , too . 
  has any redditor been there ? 
  have any of you heard of this ? 
  absolutely fascinating . 
  also ,  sadly for jedli\u010dka 's diplomatic offensive , while 12,000 syrians have applied for liberland citizenship , no refugees have answered his call to be among the first settlers . 
  `` there were hundreds of thousands who passed nearby our territory , but we did n't have a single syrian stopping by since , '' he said . 
  `` unfortunately , these people were not interested in starting a new country , they were interested in getting social benefits in germany . '' a bit harsh perhaps . 
  so you 're talking about australia now ? 
  i do n't quite follow . 
  why are you posting this in a german-themed thread ? 
   leif-erik holm sounds very swedish . 
   holm 's party is polling at 21 percent , behind the social democrats ( 28 percent ) and chancellor merkel 's christian democrats ( 22 percent ) , but party officials are confident of a bounce on election day . 
  it 's happened before : in march in saxony-anhalt the afd was polling at 19 percent and won 24 percent . 
  it finished second in that ballot and hopes to go one further this time . 
  i doubt that they will get to number one , but it is likely that germany will slowly move to where sweden is already at in the polls : three major parties . 
  we have s , m and now sd . 
  both at around 20-25 % . 
  merkel 's dominance of the political scene means this evolution will be delayed at the national level but i think we will increasingly see it on the state level in germany and finally move up to the national level once/when merkel exits the stage . 
  that still means that the two mainstream parties will be twice as big as the nationalist party . 
  nonsense . 
  finland is situated right next to us , yet it has taken in far fewer refugees . 
  people like to blame geographic determinism for their own idiotic mistakes . 
  the person who wrote it is a woman , first of all . 
   i work in sodermalm this is the williamsburg of sweden . 
  literally the most out of touch place in the country . 
  the entire tone of the argument is problematic . 
  it is still framed from a direction of what is primarily good for those who come , instead of those who are already swedish . 
  in other words , the author denounces the impulse to be a humanitarian superpower , yet the entire pov of her article is n't what 's good for native swedes but how non-swedish migrant 's wishes and dreams are handled . 
  even if she only does it for tactical reasons , it is still wrong . 
  it 's also highly ironic that she approvingly quotes reinfeldt , who did not start the mess but who greatly sped it up by his toxic 2011 migration deal with the greens which enormously loosened up asylum rules . 
  he also called swedish culture barbaric . 
  this was our pm for 8 years . 
  yet lifvendahl is from the same party as he is , so she does n't dare go close to critique her own party . 
  this is the second fundamental problem with the article . 
  overall , i found it weak . 
  it did not break any new ground , it 's pov was problematic and the author was unwilling/unable to question and critique her own partisan side to any significant extent , preferring instead to focus on faceless bureaucrats , because those are easier ( yet far less important/influential ) targets and ca n't defend themselves . 
  so , all in all , not a good article . 
  unless we have a real accounting of who is to blame , and what is to be done , then we wo n't solve this mess . 
  we also need to adopt an unapologagetic viewpoint that native swedes ' interests should be in the first room , instead of agonising if we are helping somalians good enough . 
  that shift may be subtle , but it is important yet the author failed to do it . 
   i 'm gay guys  dickbutts3000 what has been seen , can not be unseen . 
  we 're doing very poorly on a lot of renewable energy targets , for instance . 
  some countries ( sweden , germany , portugal , scotland ) are being ahead of schedule but many countries are completely falling behind . 
  our 2020 targets are not even that ambitious , and the policy support for renewable energy has been scaled down all over europe , most dramatically in the uk in recent years but even germany is climbing down . 
  also , europe went all in diesel , disastriously , so i would personally like to see far more aggressive policy support for evs . 
  it 's not enough with incentives , we need concrete targets . 
  only evs being sold by 2025 is n't even that radical . 
  by 2020 , most mainstream evs will be in the 400 + km range ( epa standards , the more strict one ) and charging infrastructure will be far more built-out , as well as charging speed . 
  europe was a leader during the 90s and first decade of the 2000s but in the last decade or so we 've stopped being pioneers and become merely mediocre . 
  it ca n't all be explained away on the economic crisis . 
  america has really stepped up its game and countries with weak pretty bad internal fiscal situations ( scotland ) have nevertheless been very aggressive . 
  it 's a clear lack of global leadership on renewable energy , and we basically led the world for decades and decided it was too tough to keep going . 
  lots of improvement needed across the board . 
   i do n't think you can have a situation where some multinational companies can dictate national taxation policy because , if that 's the situation , then you are asking people in the domestic economy , paye taxpayers and small business , for example , to invest in your education system ; your infrastructure so as that the multinationals then can take advantage of that investment without paying the appropriate taxation . 
  catherine murphy , leader of the social democrats . 
   i think that ( anti-u.s. sentiment ) is one reason why we could have been targeted . 
  patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel . 
  ireland 's normal corporate tax rate is something 12.5 % . 
  if you 're too greedy to pay that level of tax you 're a piece of garbage . 
   tim crook sometimes that extra r does all there is to it . 
  what is wrong with a pro-ecological path ? 
  also , the euro is a failure . 
  it is a monetary regime without fiscal union . 
  every economist on the planet would tell you that is a massive recipe for disaster , and so it has been . 
  do you have any independent thought or are you just re-iterating conventional wisdom ? 
  what an incredibly bootlicking article . 
  was it written from her pr department ? 
  the article concedes that europe has weak leadership but fails to talk about her own failures , instead she is cast in the role of a saviour of a mess that she herself bears primary responsibility for ( not solely ) . 
  merkel 's disastrious economic policies , pushed during the eurozone crisis does not even get a mention . 
  instead all opposition to her is painted as a bunch of indolent children while she is cast - as usual - as the competent and level-headed * mutter * . 
  merkel 's policy regime has been anything but calm and competent . 
  it has been radical , economic right-wing austerity and far-left open-borders migration . 
  it 's a toxic mix which is now responsibility for the rise of the far-right . 
  and yet we expect the person who is most associated with the failures of european leadership to fix this same mess ? 
  why is the german media in general - and by extention this german journalist , even if working for an anglo-owned newspaper - so submissive to her ? 
  there is such meek questioning of her . 
  i saw three young women in a niqab in one of our universities yesterday . 
  it kind of shocked me , but at the same time , i thought , we 're told that women who wear the niqab are house slaves . 
  yet here are three ( presumably young ) women on their own in a university setting . 
  i 'm still pro-ban ( i 'd extend it to the burkini too ) , but i nevertheless thought it was notable . 
  the women who wear these garments are not always doing it on the account of their husbands and not all of them are chained in the kitchen . 
  so if we want to get at the root of this issue , we ca n't pretend its all done because of husbands . 
  it 's deeper than that . 
  while it 's great that unemployment is coming down for most people , we should n't be pre-maturely celebrating . 
  take a look at this graph and be humbled . 
  can we take a moment and appreciate the massive improvement of ireland ?
