  i 'm talking about prime-age workers . 
  that has happened in america for instance . 
  take a look at this : https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/lns12300060 their prime-age employment rate has n't been this bad since the mid-80s . 
  remember , we 're not talking about `` baby boomers '' here , but people who * should * work . 
  yet looking at the uer gives a misleading indication of their labour market health . 
  tell that to brunei or gabon or many other former oil-rich states who have stagnated for decades . 
  this is n't a binary choice . 
  we should engage with the world , but our engagement should be on a technical level . 
  we should also do more basic infrastructure like china , but perhaps focus more on renewable energy and the like . 
  if you look at the rising developing countries , there comes a phase when each and every one of them understands that the solution to their ills can only come from within . 
  china went through that . 
  so did india . 
  so did indonesia , vietnam , and korea before it . 
  nations can not be micromanaged . 
  they can be helped , but the limits of that help has to be understood and appreciated . 
  it might stimulate white liberal beaurocrats who can toy with a bunch of 3rd worlders in perpetuity . 
  i 'm more interested in getting them out of that condition and that means accepting that immigration is not a sustainable solution for either party , especially since those coming are not coming to us like those who did in the 1960s , when there were * far * more jobs available to those with few if any qualifications . 
  the world has changed and our economies have become far more sophisticated . 
  either you accept this fact or you continue to live in denial . 
  the choice is yours . 
  understand me correctly , i 'm not painting portugal as some god-forsaken hellhole . 
  i 'm openly saying its a nice country . 
  but it is a fact that its economy/employment situation is quite poor . 
  if you 're well-educated and have in-demand skills , you 'll make it anywhere . 
  i 'm looking at the * median * citizen who either does not have higher education or has something akin to `` community '' college . 
  how do they do in respective countries ? 
  far better in norway than in portugal , plus the welfare system in norway is * leagues * ahead . 
  portugal has better weather etc , but economics matter more for the median citizen . 
  again , what i wrote does not concern someone who has a fairly safe job with good qualifications , but that is the not the usecase we should use , since that person will make it anywhere . 
  sure , the crony capatalist class knows how to survive . 
  but their fate = / = the well-being of an entire nation . 
  did you just ignore/miss what i read ? 
  i * specifically * adressed that fallacy here :  throwing money at the root is n't going to help much . 
  this has become a new meme . 
  we will help the countries on location and migrants wo n't come . 
  that 's na\u00efve . 
  look at all the eastern europeans who came to western europe in 2004 . 
   take a look at this : http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.kd?locations=pl-zg[1]  does it look to you that sub-saharan africa will reach poland 's gdp per capita which it had in 2004 any time soon ? 
  the region 's per capita growth is actually negative right now according to the imf because most women still have 5 children on average , meaning even total growth of 3 % or less is essentially per capita stagnation . 
   once you see that chart , you understand that throwing money at the problem is not a short-term strategy . 
  it is n't even a medium-term strategy . 
  over the long run , 50 + years , it can help . 
  but even then , the region must help itself . 
  aid policy has a disastrous record . 
  you have to understand that enforcement of an existing law is often more important than what is on the books . 
  case in point : japan has signed all the same conventions regarding refugees as we have . 
  the difference between our two countries is that japan 's * interpretation * of those laws/conventions are far stricter than ours . 
  the end result is that japan gets far fewer refugees than almost any country on earth . 
  put another way : how do you think hungary managed to get most asylumseekers per capita last year yet it accepted a very small sum of those ? 
  we took 160k and our historical average is about half of those will be accepted in the first instance and of the remaining half , a substantial minority will complain/redress to the court system and will stay in 2nd instance . 
   this has nothing to do with refugee policies though , as taking them in is primarily a humanitarian act . 
  that 's a big myth . 
  taking refugees is actually * extraordinarily * expensive and not cost-effective . 
  at all . 
  spending the same money on people on location is much , much more effective if you really want to help the maximum amount of people . 
  it 's not even under dispute , look at the economic literature . 
  fortunately for politicians , most people are absolutely economically illiterate so they can spin whatever wild tales they want and get away with it . 
  you should look at the source research , however . 
   any source yeah , a 11 year old source back when spain was at the peak of the bubble and eastern europe was not nearly as developed . 
  the richest parts of eastern europe are quite close to spain on hdi and will most likely pass you within the coming decade . 
  it does n't matter . 
  their productivity is garbage . 
  their most important workers are all flown in from abroad . 
  once/when the oil era is over , they will stagnate and decline . 
  just look at brunei for guidance . 
  do n't worry norrbagge , when your oil era is over , we 'll just go in and take that oljefonden moniz . 
  we 'll give you rinkeby and roseng\u00e5rd in return . 
  lots of caps - check lots of exclamation marks - check lots of text nobody will bother to read - check, 
  iceland is surrounded by large swatches of water on all sides . 
  that helps a lot in controlling immigration from parts far away , just ask japan or australia . 
  as for poles , i have n't been in iceland but i 'll take your word for it . 
  generally speaking they integrate quite well wherever they go in europe , so i do n't have a reason to not believe what you 're saying . 
  however , given that , is that because of iceland 's great integration policies or simply because of the work ethic of the immigrant poles ? 
  i 'm leaning towards the latter . 
  i agree with every word . 
  i was talking about spain . 
  also , the way it is measured is not if you change institution , but if you drop out of the education system alltogether . 
  this is especially a problem in southern italy . 
  portugal is a nice country to live in if you 're a tourist/drifter or a pensioner . 
  it is n't as nice if you 're a young person with a desire to have a decent job with a high material standard of living . 
  i 'm not saying portugal is a bad place to live , but there 's simply no way it can be ahead of norway on any objective measure . 
  it is a rough measure of qol because more intangible like weather can not be measured because people have different preferences . 
  also , gdp per capita alone has a very strong correlation with a range of social indicators . 
  do any scatterplot with countries that has a high gdp per capita and look at health/social indicators and see for yourself . 
  gdp per capita is not sufficient , but that one single measurement is so tightly correlated with so many variables alone should tell you that while `` 44 indicator '' sounds better than 3 , quality is more important than quantity . 
  it is important to measure correctly than scattershooting . 
  that is one giant heap of wordsalad . 
  please try again , with more coherenece . 
  as a general principle , i 'd have used the less generous number for each nation . 
  for instance , the german uer is at around 6 % using their national methodology , and the polish is at 8.8 % . 
  our national number is also higher . 
  for those where the state authorities have been quite lenient , like denmark , i 'd use the eurostat number . 
  the uer is such a politically explosive figure that it is inevitable that national government will tweak the number in most instances . 
  however , an even better idea would be to abandon the uer figure alltogether and instead move to an employment rate regime , which is far better at cutting through statistical noise like prime-age worker drop-outs . 
  here is the current scorecard , via the uk 's ons : http://i.imgur.com/jywfiwh.png, 
  it was n't just germany 's responsibility . 
  we also have to be blamed . 
  austria , the netherlands are also guilty . 
  even norway . 
  the point is , think about the countries in the region , many of them rich ( saudi , gulf states , israel ) .
