  you 've won the shitposting award of the day . 
  you missed my point . 
  success in a nearly all-white , very old gop primary means absolutely nothing . 
  at all . 
  people lazily think `` oh he surprised there , surely he can surprise in the general election ! '' . 
  actually , the gop had been moving steadily in the direction further and further right for many years . 
  the only people who were shocked were the clueless/out of touch beltway types . 
  trump 's success was a surprise to nobody but the idiots on cable tv , but since they only talk to each other they think everyone was surprised . 
  we were n't . 
  trump 's success in a completely unrepresentative primary electorate means nothing . 
  he will come to discover that , and he is already dying in the polls of polls , as sanders has dropped out and support consolidated . 
  people keep linking the gop primary to the general election , but what i keep telling you is this : ** they are unrelated ** . 
  the gop primary does n't represent america demographically at all , and you should know that by now . 
  you have no excuse to be this lazy or uninformed anymore . 
  i have n't really changed my mind on trump . 
  when he emerged i thought he was going to win the gop primary . 
  the tea party was not a flash in the pan , it was a sign of a seismic shift inside the gop . 
  i certainly favoured him over neocons like bush . 
  i view trump as a wrecking ball . 
  hopefully he can kill the gop forever . 
   we 've seen that in this referendum just as well as with trump getting elected to be the candidate . 
  magical thinking . 
  the uk and the us are two countries with radically different demographics . 
  trump boosters think his success in the gop primary somehow means that because he was underestimated there and won , the same thing will carry over . 
  that is incredibly stupid . 
  there is no other way of putting it . 
  what i would encourage you is to rely less on lazy magical thinking and do more thorough reading on the [ demographic reality ] ( http://www.latinodecisions.com/blog/2015/07/17/the-latino-threshold-in-2016-to-win/ ) . 
  before you reply with ignorance , please drill this message into your head : * the demographics of the gop primary and that of the rest of america are completely different and unrelated . 
  success in one means jack shit in the other * . 
  do n't blame the system , blame the nation . 
  you should know something about that , mr. ukrainian , 
  what happened to the anglosphere ? 
  looks to me like the referendum was the secession of little england and poor wales following . 
  scotland in the eu is all but a foregone conclusion now , and a united ireland firmly in the eu is now on the cards . 
  what a day . 
  ireland has a higher gdp per capita than the us , it is an incredibly rich and wealth country . 
  another consideration : if scotland exits the uk , the labour party is finished since england + wales will mean that the tories will have a massive voting advantage . 
  scotland has been the balancing territory . 
  `` the people are tired of experts '' - brexit campaign . 
  your problem is that you are using logic . 
  there is nothing logical here in these debates . 
  experts [ were attacked as nazis ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/06/21/michael-gove-compares-experts-warning-against-brexit-to-nazis-wh/ ) . 
  this is the level of ` intellectual ' discourse we 're dealing with . 
  throw your logic and reason out of the window . 
   now there 's a chance he could be their president . 
  not really . 
  the divergence between the gop primaries and the general election in america have steadily widened to what now amounts a chasm . 
  the demographics of the gop primaries are completely unrepresentative of america , and the rcp polls of polls basically show that once sanders threw in the towel , the distance between him and clinton massively increased . 
  america is now like california : a one-party state where the gop was killed off due to demographics + craziness . 
  this needs to happen . 
  the brexit vote was just a vote for english nationalism . 
  and he knows that . 
  this is about creating a wedge between him and the other parties , so he can boost his `` anti-establishment '' credentials . 
  it 's all about your national election next year . 
  first thought was copycat attack from orlando , but instead of a gay bar just a generic mass gathering . 
  considering how much attention the media showered on the orlando killer , it would n't be surprising if it inspired/trigger other lunatics . 
  grateful that the situation is over . 
  no , they were not right . 
  there is no cultural gap . 
  politics in western europe has moved much more to the right since those nations joined the eu , and that is n't because of the eastern bloc , it is because of the rise of nationalist parties . 
  the tension is due to massive migration which has fucked over the native working class , i.e. 
  an economic issue . 
  ask any brit and they 'll tell you the poles are fine culturally/socially speaking in the uk . 
  it 's just that there is so many of them and they are squeezing the wages . 
  you 're rambling nonsense . 
  your original post had nothing to do with gdp , do n't shift goalposts , it was about eastern europeans and culture . 
  i 'm calling bullshit on you . 
  the issue with ee immigration to the uk has zero to do with culture and everything to do with the fact that they are squeezing out massive amounts of poorer workers and pushing down wages . 
  the immigration/cultural conflict in the uk is between pakistanis/bangladeshis and the native christian population . 
  also , poland even with pis is 10x more secular than turkey is . 
  they had a 35k pride march a few weeks ago . 
  in turkey it has to be moved because of bomb threats and people listening to radiohead and drinking beer get beaten up . 
  to even talk about the two in the same sentence is the definition of stupidity . 
  not anymore . 
  * high pop = lots of meps : i think it is an issue for political elites but not for average people . 
  * gdp per capita is now on par with romania , which got admitted when it was much poorer . 
  it is quite developed today . 
  * the border argument is decent * cyprus argument is solvable * cyprus is in asia , too * fair point * increasing fast tl ; dr if we are honest it is mostly because they are muslim and culturally regressing towards islamism , plus bordering on syria and iraq . 
  it 's not quite true , though . 
  yes , the islamic world had its so-called golden age but the myth of `` europe in decline '' is just that , a myth . 
  it 's economic well-being was on par with much of asia minor throughout the middle ages . 
  several leading european economies were [ richer than china ] ( http://voxeu.org/article/accounting-great-divergence ) during the ming dynasty , even before the italian renaissance . 
  gdp per capita in much of the islamic world was not higher and in some cases were lower . 
   i doubt it and i doubt it would have worked better . 
  for one thing , ` progress ' has been more or less monotonic & benign only at the western edges ( scandinavia , uk etc. ), 
  world history did n't begin in 1900 . 
  southern europe was more developed for many centuries than scandinavia was . 
  you suffer from what psychologists call `` recency bias '' and then just lazily extrapolate that onto all of world history . 
  another important fact to point out is that medieval europe was not nearly as backward as we were all taught in school . 
  new economic research , people following the footsteps of angus maddison , have shown that europe had a per capita gdp which was quite close to the frontier economies in asia at the time . 
  we have to reconsider the lazy meme of the so-called ` dark ages ' . 
  he does n't , yet his government pushes for a visa . 
  he does n't , yet his government [ pushes for more involvement ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/cyprus-sidelined-as-brussels-scrambles-to-save-turkey-migrant-deal-refugee-crisis-asylum/ ) in eu agencies . 
  people have to understand that rhetoric and action are two different things . 
  erdogan knows that his nation is unwanted in the eu , and that hurts his pride . 
  yet he also knows a large turkish diaspora is in europe and a lot of upper-middle class turks want visas to europe . 
  it 's perfectly possible to attack the eu as a rhetorical device to boost his political standing at home , while nevertheless overseeing closer ties under the surface in response to this crisis as a means to further the accession talks . 
  you see the similar denial among some turkish posters here , who keep insisting that they do n't care about accession to the eu , but when the visa deal was ( temporarily ) put on hold , there was an emotional knee-jerk reaction from many which made all the masks slip . 
  think of it this way : cameron could have stayed quiet . 
  after all , you are exempt from schengen and you have an opt-out of the refugee deal .
