  gib ppp-adjusted first . 
  here is some background : http://bruegel.org/2014/05/10-years-eu-enlargement-anniversary-waltzing-past-vienna/, 
  except you do n't need to scroll any page , but it is filling the whole screen on default . 
  what are you even on about ? 
  83 % i 'll admit i took a chance on about 5 questions . 
  the welsh flower thing was a total guess for instance . 
  ditto with the `` comedy double act or opera comedy act '' question . 
  no idea who those guys were . 
  overall , the mix of questions were a bit weird . 
  they ranged from very easy to incredibly specific ( like the flower thing , which frankly struck me as needlessly pedantic . 
  how many british people in general would know that ? ), 
   it requires other type of workers and nobody is disputing that . 
  what people saying , though , is that those other workers will also be much * fewer * to the extent they are needed at all . 
  i 'm not saying i endorse `` automation = bad '' ( i view it as inevitable ) , but i am saying that unless there is a strong employment/labour market in said country , the consequences could be more severe than you imagine . 
   asia is where europe was in the 1800-1900 that is a fairly useless phrase . 
  asia is a huge place with massive economic diversity . 
  north east asia is already on european levels and in many ways beyond it , especially when you look at technological development . 
  even countries like malaysia is on par with the richer ee nations . 
  indonesia , thailand , kazakhstan are all asian nations with a fairly high standard of living , far above the world median . 
  to compare it to europe 100 + years back is utterly laughable . 
  and then you have countries like bangladesh or cambodia , which could compete in sub-saharan africa . 
  a good idea is not to make sweeping statements over places which are very diverse . 
  it risks making you look uneducated . 
  when you read his comment , you realise why mercantilism was so popular in much of non-anglo europe for such a long time . 
  it 's ironic that the same mindset is now being espoused by a brit . 
  are you referring to contributions to the eu budget ? 
  because if so , you 're only sending 0.3 % of gni , which is a laughable sum . 
  no source . 
  no credibility . 
  i have heard similar stuff in the past , but i 've also asked for sources and in the end you either get nothing or very thinly-sourced one-off articles or blogposts . 
  also , if it was a net-drain , how come it could expand so much for almost a hundred years ? 
  if you look at british debt , it increased mostly during continental wars , the napoleonic wars were especially taxing , not wars of colonial expansion ( which were much cheaper ) . 
  forgive me for my ignorance , but does any of those countries have a significant manufacturing industry on the same scale as germany ( percentage of exports ) ? 
  if not , would n't the impact be more limited ? 
  also , automation takes time . 
  chinese manufacturing employment peaked in 1996 . 
  it has been going done quite steadily and the decrease has been happening faster in the latest years . 
  chinese employment , on the other hands , is very robust . 
  they create something like 12-16 million jobs every year . 
  they are seeing higher wage increases than the authorities want precisely because their economy is creating more jobs to be taken than there are workers . 
  so , i do n't think you have to be worried about china . 
  think more about poorer , not-yet-as-industrialised countries across the poorer parts of asia and africa instead . 
  india 's in an interesting position . 
  despite all the talk about ` make in india ' , it 's already a services-first economy and as such is more insulated from this automation than those who want to copy china . 
  actually , average working hours across the oecd has fallen consistently over the past few decades . 
  so whatever the point was with your minirant , it was n't very grounded in facts . 
  they did n't just rise because of cheap labour . 
  there are plenty of countries in the world which have had cheap labour for decades but who did n't see the same kind of rise . 
  china 's manufacturing employment peaked in ** 1996 ** . 
  as others have already said , they are investing more in robotics than all of eu . 
  if you think this will end china you do n't know economics very well , and you do n't know china very well . 
  india 's already much more services-reliant than china ever was . 
   if you think about it , it 's utterly absurd to claim that any european caused `` caused '' is a strong word . 
  but i will say that you are too dismissive of the pull factors . 
  in migration policy , you often talk about both push and pull factors . 
  so far in the debate , i 've only seen debates about the push factors ( poverty , war , but also rising incomes , which even makes the journey possible ) . 
  so while i agree with you that it is silly to say europe caused this , i would n't be so quick to completely disassociate a discussion of the incentive structure that europe offers , which is a substantial pull factor . 
   asylum laws were much more lax in western europe no , they were not . 
  the people who are coming by asylum are primarily from mena , sub-saharan africa and afghanistan . 
  if you look at those who got asylum in the 80s and 90s , it is largely the same areas . 
   as any defector from eastern europe could come and the same can be said about north korea today . 
  it 's a silly argument . 
  the people running away today are mostly not running away from a totalitarian state , but a * failing * state in the most basic understanding of the word . 
  north korea is a failed state in some ways , but it is n't in terms of state policing . 
  it is very effective in policing its domestic population , and that was true of the soviet bloc back in the 80s , even if they were less repressive than what nk is today . 
  afghanistan , nigeria , iraq etc are not very effective states and even if they * wanted * to control/police their population , they are too incompetent to even police themselves . 
  it 's a bad comparison . 
  that 's a very selective reading of the war . 
  the war was not isolated to 5 km within the border . 
  it devastated large parts of the civilian areas . 
  the war was * not * contained . 
  that it was n't conducted by a terror group and instead by states make no difference to those who are affected by its brutality . 
  well , yes and no . 
  most people have to import their computers , smartphones , their cars etc. 
  so nominal gdp per capita matters there . 
  also , while it 's probably the case that the quality of a hairdresser in both countries are not amazingly different , a society with a higher nominal per capita can afford much better infrastructure ( steel has to be imported for that , in nominal terms . 
  it infrastructure has to be imported , all those routers and what not . 
  again , nominal terms . 
  and so on ) . 
  its universities can do much more advanced research . 
  buying advanced research equiment is n't going to help you if your nominal income is n't high . 
  having world class research institutions will add a higher value to your workers . 
  you ca n't send them all away abroad , the vast majority of your workers will need to be educated at home . 
  so in trivial day-to-day tasks , you 're right , but for someone with ambitions , living in a society with a low nominal per capita income starts to become very obvious very fast . 
  and even for normal people , the kind of car or computer they can afford is also going to be limited with a lower nominal income . 
  so it matters for living standards , but ppp is still better overall , as long as you do a ( lot ) of caveats . 
  so courtesy demands that i 'll start . 
  perhaps the most defining stereotype about sweden is feminism . 
  julian assange has gone so far as to call us the [ saudi arabia of feminism ] ( http://jezebel.com/5718817/assange-sweden-is-the-saudi-arabia-of-feminism ) . 
  yet i question whether this is true . 
  take the most obvious issue : power . 
  sweden has not yet had a female pm while supposedly `` backwards '' countries like india had them many decades ago . 
  yes , sweden has a large amount of female mps but if you look at ceos in top corporations we actually lag behind supposedly ` right-wing ' countries like the u.s. sweden has a lot of women on the board of directors . 
  but this is largely meaningless because the board is often little else than a discussion club . 
  the people there are representatives of companies who in turn are often owned by men . 
  if the men running those companies like the way a ceo does his/her job , his representative , who may be a woman , is n't going to diverge from that . 
  what is more meaningful is how many women are in the top executive branch . 
  [ and the u.s. has many more women in these positions than sweden has ] ( http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-debate/do-women-really-have-it-better-in-sweden/article15552596/ ) . 
  do n't get me wrong : sweden does have a very tolerant culture for women , but i am not sure whether it is as tolerant for high-performing women as our reputation would suggest . 
  i also think that many swedes have probably never thought about this , but fundamentally accept the media portrayal of us as the most englightened country in the world when it comes to women 's issues ( whether they are pro- or anti-feminists ),
