  except everyone passing through calais . 
  not saying you should put them in prison , just pointing out your statement is n't factually correct . 
  people shit on the media in here for click-bait , but tell me , what has this sub been if not goring all over the issue in thread after thread etc the last few days ? 
  guess who generates those clicks ? 
  yeah , it 's always * those other people * , amirite ? 
  did n't germany get attacked multiple times during the summer ? 
   i 'm totally in favor of the niqab ban [ ... ] but a burkini is literally nothing more than people dressing conservatively at a beach . 
  but this is * completely * arbitrary . 
  the niqab is n't a religious symbol either , it is n't in the koran . 
  so if you 're against the ban on the burkini , if you 're intellectually consistent , you should be against the ban on the niqab as well . 
  otherwise it is just your gut feeling . 
  i disagree with the anti-ban folks who are against banning * all * fundamentalist/conservative clothing ( burkini/burqa/niqab ) , but at least they are intellectually consistent . 
  silly argument you 're bringing . 
  nobody has claimed the burqa and genital mutiliation is the same , but both are being defended by two groups . 
  the first is religious fundamentalists and they do so on religious grounds . 
  the second are `` liberals '' who are so open-minded their brain have fallen out , and are willing to shill for regressive ideologies to show how tolerant they are . 
  guess which category you fall in . 
  if you do n't have the basic mental faculties necessary to understand the importance of ideological/intellectual diversity on your own , then any further attention spent on you is wasted . 
  calais is a lawless zone right now . 
  it 's actively hurting france 's image . 
  do n't be silly . 
  germany is a hypersecular state . 
  what you 're describing are religious relics who are more symbolic than rooted in actual fact . 
  a much better example would be your constitutions or laws . 
  it 's all secular . 
  people are going overboard in this thread to outdo each other with silly examples to justify the burqa not being banned . 
  even if it * was * a religious garment , would that make any difference ? 
  i feel the same way for religious people performing unvoluntary circumcision on their newborn . 
  it 's a regressive practice and trying to justify it in religious doctrine does n't help one iota to me . 
  yet this thread is full of people who are willing to sacrifice their values to accomodate the regressive and those who wish to suppress women . 
  it 's sad to see , but not surprising . 
  it 's why islamism is on the march in europe . 
  how can someone pack so much ignorance in so little space ? 
  people have different talents i guess . 
  i think you 're misrepresenting the argument . 
  nobody has claimed the problem of islamic fundamentalism will be solved by banning the burqa yet you keep trying to attack that strawman . 
  the burqa is a regressive symbol . 
  * period * . 
  it deserves to be banned regardless of its cultural background . 
  it really is n't harder than that . 
  your kind of thinking is the same kind of thinking which came from some who blamed the cartoonists at hebdo for being `` too provocative '' on islam , the implication being that they brought it on themselves . 
  the reason we have terrorism is because of an extreme and reactionary ideology , not because we have people who want to stand up to it . 
  and no , the burkini has nothing to do with terrorism , which is why i do n't think you 're very clever to even bring in terrorism into the discussion . 
  only a narrow-minded idiot who only hangs out with people within a like-minded bubble would say something like that . 
  and you get downvoted for pointing that out . 
  never change / r/europe , never change . 
  i just want less talk and more action on this . 
  the recent moves made by the german military with the move to merge some aspects with the dutch military is a good start , but far from enough . 
  at this stage we need more concrete steps taken and less speeches . 
  despite all the propaganda otherwise , the people who benefit from this are the british . 
  it has hurt poland 's gdp over 6 % according to the imf . 
  these workers are a net fiscal benefit and they are less likely to use social services ( despite the propaganda , again ) . 
  in many ways , brexit is a demographic blessing in disguise for poland . 
  germany is still an option , but i think it will lose out to ireland and norway , especially as unemployment in poland keeps going down to historic lows . 
  interesting . 
  so maybe berlin will get out of its current rut in 10-20 years time . 
   maybe they are just jealous that , and the fact that people who live in the capital tend to be pretty well aware of that and do n't forget to rub it in people 's noses . 
  that 's certainly the case in sweden . 
  so it goes both ways . 
  technically not correct . 
  the company is still owned by swedes . 
  it 's just * incorporated * in the netherlands . 
  what does ttip have to do with her being a feminist ? 
  massive multinational corporations = / = `` swedish people '' . 
  calm down with your anti-swedish bigotry , your mouth is foaming . 
  the only people allowed to be quoted at length are those who have a negative attitude to border control . 
  even hungary got slurred - what a surprise - while this rune guy was at it . 
  those who defend the measure were allowed a single word : responsible . 
  your bias is showing , reuters . 
  that 's stretching the argument . 
  hebdo is in line with france 's secularist values , whereas the burkini is the opposite . 
  even if you oppose the ban , that distinction should be clear to all . 
  surprised to see italy so low . 
  i knew they were n't doing that well , but i did n't think it was * this * bad . 
  they have a relatively small percentage of people graduating compared to say , sweden , but i nevertheless thought their graduates would find jobs given that they have relatively little competition among the educated since there are fewer of them as a percentage of the workforce . 
  it seems to me that italy 's economic problems are so structural that nothing short of a major national undertaking is required . 
  right now i do n't see much movement . 
  let 's see if their referendum vote this autumn changes the equation . 
  we need an italy which works a lot better , not just for their own sake but for europe . 
  it 's part of the g7 after all and a core foundational member of the eu . 
  i 'm generally pro-dual passports but this passage is n't a good argument for it  if you come from a relatively unprivileged country , and would like to be able to have further privileges like being able to travel visa-free . 
  it just underlines his point . 
  passportshopping . 
  passports should be an indication of loyalty to a place , if you get a passport for convenience then you 're doing what he condemned . 
  i think you * can * be loyal to two places at once , but it is n't unproblematic and you should think it over before you go dual . 
  however , getting a dual for pure material convenience is n't that . 
  it 's passportshopping . 
   i was lucky enough to be given two cakes when i was born . 
  made me legit chuckle , 
  you 're missing the point . 
  i was pointing out the folly of treating the group `` immigrants '' as a blob . 
  they 're not homogenous . 
  european integration would get a * hell * of a lot better if our immigration looked differently rather than being dominated by refugee migration . 
   `` high-achievers here are made to feel they are letting the side down , '' says mr bekri , who is also a teacher . 
  `` top students have a difficult time . 
  their success is seen as an insult to the neighbours . '', 
  this seems to me to be an overlooked problem in the debate . 
   so who is better , the taliban or french politicians ? 
  stopped reading right there . 
   people will kill over those photos .
