  yet turkey keeps pretending as if the austrian governmental ministries themselves are sending out these messages . 
  your beef with turkey keeps escalating to new levels by the week . 
  i fully expect a diss track coming from kern in the coming days . 
  what is the expected timeline that those buildings will be completed ? 
   it is becoming a very beautiful city again my contrarian viewpoint is that the older architecture is more beautiful than the glass and steel skyscrapers . 
  you can find skyscrapers in every modern city . 
  the kind of old architecture that warsaw had is quite rare , not in europe , but in the rest of the world . 
  and even in europe , most cities can not match the old town centers of a vienna , budapest , paris or prague . 
  maybe it would have been more expensive , but i 'd preferred if they tried to rebuild more of the old city than just modernising it and making it like most other globopolises . 
  clean , safe , modern but utterly anonymous and unoriginal . 
   i mean imagine a pharmaceutical firm that pours all it 's waste into a nearby river that is a terrible analogy . 
  norway sells oil , what do you want them to do ? 
  not selling oil ? 
  it 's a global market . 
  the oil will be sold one way or another . 
  they ca n't affect that . 
  what they can affect within their country , they do brilliantly , from waste to transport to renewable energy to pollution protection . 
  would you be as generous to christian fundamentalists who do n't believe in a secular state and want a theocracy ? 
  i doubt it . 
  herein lies the hypocrisy i was talking about earlier in the thread . 
   that moment has passed . 
  people say all sorts of things in the heat of the moment . 
  over time , as heads will cool , the opportunity will arise . 
   everybody knows the referendum result result is not binding , only a consultative result . 
  the government is far from out of options . 
  `` ca n't pimp this atrocity for our political aims ? 
  down with it ! '', 
   ethnicity does not matter - values do values is an extention of culture , which in of itself is tied to ethnicity . 
  after all , what physically distinguishes a polish person from a slovak person ? 
  they look more or less identical , but their ethnicity is different because of their national culture , which informs their values . 
  other than that , good rant . 
  `` it 's time to look busy '' - [ second guy from the left , in the back ] ( https://youtu.be/kmu0d_pca1q?t=1m53s ) . 
   what do you propose we do with individuals such as these ? 
  the thing is , even if you have a high denial rate , if they set foot in europe , they will just go underground . 
  you have to think * decades * ahead . 
  the flows of 1 million per year over 30 years is not possible to house on a few islands . 
  inevitably , these demographic spillovers will reach the mainland . 
  so they will just go underground . 
  deporting them to their countries is often extremely difficult . 
  just as an example . 
  nigeria today is a de facto failed state . 
  they have postponed their scheduled gdp growth release for no known reason ( many suspect it is because the numbers were so bad , they are now massaging them ) . 
  the country 's fx reserves is falling into the abyss . 
  growth is negative , inflation is shooting up . 
  their currency has lost 70 % of its value within the last year . 
  on top of all of this , their fertility rate has * barely * come down since the 70s . 
  the average woman still has 5-6 children . 
  a country like this which will remain impaired for many decades is n't going to have the capacity ( or even the will ) to take in the people leaving that god-forsaken place . 
  as the numbers swell , how many islands do you need ? 
  how are you going to house tens of millions over the coming decades since most are not going to be able to be deported . 
  building refugee camps in libya ? 
  how ? 
  the two major factions there now are both islamists . 
  why would they co-operate ? 
  they will just extort and buy guns and export terrorism in return . 
  maybe you 'll suggest colonialism next . 
  as i said : not an easy solution . 
  at this stage it may be delayed forever as they wake up from the haze . 
  i remember a poll of financial professionals in the uk and most of them thought that either a50 would never be invoked or the uk would move towards a norwegian-style option , and i think the latter is unlikely because it is pay without a say . 
  for may to backtrack after insisting that she 'll `` make a success out of brexit '' would now be very , very difficult , so she has put those political constraints on her . 
  also , if she fails to go through , she may face an internal coup . 
  my guess is that she will use the upcoming french/german elections as a pretext to consolidate support within the party for her position , so as to avoid the chances of an internal coup . 
  in her hearts of hearts , she probably wants to see a europe like that of maggie thatcher , a single market without free movement . 
  the extra time would not only allow her to consolidate support within the party further , but also to soften resistance in the rest of the eu against a sweetheart deal . 
  and if she ca n't get that , maybe push for a new treaty that would allow uk 's priorities to be more in set . 
  after all , the uk does have allies on this in large parts of the eu . 
  denmark , most of eastern europe and even if neither norway or switzerland are part of the eu as of now , they could say that they would come on board if these reforms were passed . 
  the migration crisis would serve as the perfect crowbar to open this tightly closed barrel . 
  if that fails , she will likely push for more concessions than cameron got , she is known as a tough/good negotiator . 
  my guess is that she could well end up with more than we expect a few years down the line . 
  only if * all of that * fails , then , and on then , do i think a50 will be invoked . 
  this saga is far from over . 
  either way , i think we should come used to the notion that this wo n't be the first delay that we 'll see , if you know what i mean ... 
  in today 's news : a patriarchal religion is butthurt over women 's advances . 
  we are all shocked , utterly shocked . 
  funny you say that . 
  pew [ projects ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2015/04/02/religious-projections-2010-2050/ ) that the amount of religious people as a percentage of the world 's population will increase , not decrease . 
  the west is secularising , but the rest of the world . . not so much . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_recognition_of_the_state_of_palestine take a look . 
   iranians are white to be technically correct , the aryans in this case would be the * persians * . 
  while just about all persians are iranians , not all iranians are persians . 
  by which i mean , around 35 % of the iranian population are ethnic minorities , like kurds etc. 
  people often mistake iranian for persian , which is understandable , but still incorrect . 
  in the same way it was common , at least up until a few years ago , for most chinese to automatically assume all americans were/are white . 
  many americans of color who visited china were often met with incredulity when they said they were americans . 
  but that 's another topic . . 
  itt : fervent speculation on the whiteness of iranians and albanians , among others . 
  it 's * almost * as if half the people here came with an agenda to push . 
  almost . 
  the norwegians are killing both of us , though . 
  you are late to the game , but you 're a fast learner . 
  would n't be surprised if you had a greener economy than us once you look at its totality , 20 years from now . 
  right , but most of the people coming now are coming from ss africa , and going via libya . 
  the flows in h1 2016 have been * above * those in h1 2015 . 
  these people are for the most part economic migrant workers , so the whole `` fleeing war '' does n't really work here . 
  many of them are feeling poverty , but that is a different ballgame . 
  therefore housing economic migrants does not make sense . 
  it 's a recurring cost to feed them etc. 
  that 's the job of their home countries . 
  if their home countries are semi-failed states , then a better solution is to invest in time , energy and ( to some extent ) development aid to fix those issues at root .
