  that 's the irony . 
  as more and more non-natives strain the welfare system , a lot of people will advocate for cuts on welfare . 
  even if it will hurt poor swedes it will `` hurt '' minorities more . 
  i see that kind of logic as incredibly stupid and destructive but that is what happened in america and probably will happen in sweden . 
  the right will understand this dynamic and advocate for tax cuts and the gutting of the welfare system . 
  nobody will address the root issue . 
  the difference between america and sweden , however , is that america has a large and growing asian minority which does very well for itself . 
  the hispanics are not as economically successful but they are culturally quite close . 
  you do n't have problems with gaybashing , womanbashing and they are all christians . 
  and that cultural alienation will probably spur cultural radicalism among many 2nd and 3rd generation immigrants . 
   how many people in sweden think this will end with civil war ? 
  i do n't think things will get that dramatic . 
  i live near a ghetto myself . 
  i 've never been threatened . 
  i get cheap haircuts , cheap food . 
  people treat me with respect and i 've walked through the place late at night on weekends . 
  there has never been any issue for me . 
  granted , i am a tall blond man . 
  if i was a petite blonde woman , my experiences could very well be different . 
  or if i was jewish , or visibly homosexual . 
  yet as a straight white man , you do n't really face any troubles . 
  at least not where i live . 
  i do n't see violence as a realistic outcome . 
  but i do think that the illlusion that we can bring massive amounts of people from very remote and culturally alien places of this earth and except them to integrate relatively easily is going to be shattered . 
  up until recently , you could just hide the problems in the suburbs . 
  we 're now reaching the threshold where you actually have to deal with these issues and what you see is that the establishment is pretty clueless . 
  i think most people coming here are decent human beings . 
  but they have been sold a pack of lies . 
  come here and you 'll be integrated . 
  i think most swedes are not necessarily against these people but they are not for them either . 
  frankly , i think most swedes do n't even notice them too much . 
  and you did n't have to notice them either , because they could just be stashed away in some ghetto . 
  it 's a giant social experiment , i think , and one which will probably end fairly badly but not violently . 
  why would an iraqi asylum seeker fight for his life for this country ? 
  he came here for economic reasons . 
  he does n't have any particular longing or sentimental attachment to this country , unlike swedes . 
  a more realistic outcome would be what i call `` social limbo '' . 
  people know that what we have is n't working , but to deal with the issue requires such enormous social effort that most people are not willing to deal with it . 
  instead you extend & pretend until the situation is finally forced on you one way or another . 
  and in * that * scenario , i do fear violence . 
  i am a democratic who does n't believe in violent answers to questions of great importance . 
  which is why i am deeply discouraged with the situation now , as nobody is really thinking about the failure in a serious way and tries to solve it peacefully and methodically . 
  the question is if schengen will even be relevant if this keeps up . 
  tusk himself has admitted that this is [ just the beginning ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/24/eu-refugee-summit-in-disarray-as-donald-tusk-warns-greatest-tide-yet-to-come ) . 
  i honor him for his honesty . 
  and yet i wonder if schengen will even be there in a few years . 
  we saw it break down this summer when the strains became too high . 
  even austria and germany introduced national borders , so i reject the simplistic west/east divide here . 
  if the pressure is sustained - and tusk seems to believe so - all bets are off on the schengen . 
  to be clear , the summer months are always seeing these peaks . 
  it 's just that the surge right now is beyond anything we 've seen before . 
  that 's why i included the second graph in my first comment to provide some context . 
  but yes , we could very well see 100k asylum seekers in 2015 . 
  and remember , this * does n't * count family members who immigrate later . 
  so add another 150k or so on top of that number . 
  your comment underlines the reason why i created this thread : we 're seeing nothing short of a revolution taking place right now and i do n't think anyone , even if they are pro-asylum , can fool themselves that we can even get * close * to integrating these people into our society . 
  the number of people and the scale and speed it is happening is just impossible , in my view , to deal with adequately . 
  so what 's plan b ? 
  i do n't see mass deportations happening . 
  the eu elites want to push a lot of these people to poland , slovakia , hungary , romania , czech republic etc. 
  and using money as a threat . 
  has that been successful ? 
  eastern europe could very well exit the schengen within a few years . 
  maybe even the eu altogether . 
  i do n't see this ending well . 
  just a random question , why do you think there was n't any significant communist presence in finland during that time ? 
  the reds vs whites is straight out of russia during the same period . 
  yet your link explains the red side as being led by social democrats rather than communists . 
  given that communism was a big deal in europe at the time and that revolution and war was in the air , i 'm impressed finland managed to avoid it . 
  but i 'm interested if there are any theories why it did . 
  i know many historicans usually cite the example of bismarck in instituting social reforms like pensions etc because he understood if he did n't , the communists would have more appeal . 
  was there similar efforts in finland ? 
  [ the same data , but visually more appealing ] ( http://www.migrationsverket.se/images/18.5e83388f141c129ba631111f/1443439458288/total_s%c3%b6k.png ) so sweden took in 24 thousands of asylum seekers in the month of september alone . 
  just for scale . 
  the equivalent for a country like the u.s. would be almost 792k refugee applications in a single month . 
  and on a yearly basis it would be 9.5 million asylum seekers . 
  granted , not everyone will get asylum but a lot of people who get their application refused simply go underground . 
  wow , had no idea . 
  even sweden was affected . 
  why were 18-19 bad years ? 
  iirc finland was n't a participant of the wwi ? 
   europe is el dorado no more . 
  do n't fool yourself . 
  europe is el dorado for people from africa and the middle east and will continue to be that for the rest of this century . 
  these people are entitled , yes , but if they really hated coming to finland they would go back to where they came from and they wo n't . 
  they will try to get asylum elsewhere or just suck it up . 
  if you take these cherry-picked stories literally and think that , voil\u00e1 , now the refugee wave is over then i have a bridge to sell to you . 
  all the major institutions , whether it is from the un , the oecd or the eu are all saying this is the beginning of a large wave which will only grow in size over the decades . 
  and the eu can talk tough as much as it wants . 
  unless and until it fixes the fundamental problem - magnets - nothing will work . 
  which great famine ? 
  i keep hearing this doomsday talk but from what i 've seen her drop has been just a few percentages in the polls . 
  the main problem is that the alternative on the left would not really pursue a different asylum policy . 
  if anything they would go even further . 
  these people are a small minority within germany who have n't allowed the often luricrious state propaganda affect them . 
  i know it 's a stereotype but germans do have self-hate issues . 
  i 've met palestinian solidarity activists who say it 's impossible to do work in germany because germany has this reflexive `` must support israel no matter what because of the shoah '' mentality . 
  germany has in essence become an enabler of apartheid because of it 's own identity issues . 
  and it 's not just foreign policy , it 's immigration , too . 
  so that 's why i 'm skeptical of these so-called `` revolts '' .
