  fuck the experts and everyone who lives in london or is young , brown , reads the guardian , has a uni education , has a passport , likes veganism , has a bike , likes renewable energy , is gay , feminist , reads statistics ... did i forget anyone ? 
  well , if i did , rest assured , * fuck you * too !, 
   who has consistently afaik held the position that immigration should remain free that is a total lie . 
  he has consistently campaigned on a australian-style point system . 
  what he * did * say is that some eu migration would always be there , but that is compatible with a point-based system where you pick and choose those you want . 
  after all , skilled eu migrants would still come . 
  what we 're seeing here is a massive backtrack , now he 's opening the door to continued free access to all of eu , which is the direct opposite of what he campaigned against . 
  nice try , though . 
   you should go see a doctor . 
  are you lashing out now because you 're arguing against a straw man and i called you out on it ? 
  i 'm not going to go into a mudfight with someone who has a failing temper . 
   you forget the statements you wrote 1 hour ago . 
  more like you need to read better ? 
   and you dare play the intellectually dishonest card . 
  yes , how * dare * i ask people to represent my arguments correctly . 
  the cheek !, 
   you fucking said it , own up to it . 
  you 're right tough guy , i did say what i said . 
  the problem is that you have n't understood any of it . 
  what ? 
  did you even read my previous comment ? 
  you 're making so many deceitful straw man arguments here it 's crazy . 
   the danish  their language sounds as people talking with the mouth full of potatos you touch my erogenous zones with such effortless ease . 
  til : looking at data and considering facts is * literally communism * . 
  can you spell anti-intellectualism ? 
   so lets make a fiscal union . 
  i 'm all for it . 
  but considering how [ hostile your country is ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2016/06/07/euroskepticism-beyond-brexit/pm_2016-06-07_brexit-01/ ) , i 'm not sure your people are on board . 
   if you want to restrict foreign workers on your territory nah , i 'm not in favour of a general restriction . 
  i would consider a partial re-orientation of labour mobility from poor & old nations in the east who suffer from serious de-population . 
  the goal here is n't to insulate sweden , eu workers contribute a lot to our economy , but to protect the poorer eu countries . 
  if they had a tfr of 2.5 or above , it would n't have made much difference , because they can just replace those people . 
  but many of those in the east have a tfr of 1.2 to 1.4 that is extremely low and crippling if you add mass-scale emigration on top of it . 
  you seem unable to understand the difference between the special circumstances of the `` old and poor '' countries and a general principle , of which i am in favour . 
  i do n't think this is a black/white position . 
  the czechs never had major population emigration , though , because they started at a very high level ( however their post-fsu performance was mediocre so they did n't catch up very fast ) . 
  i 've seen that point about the baltics , but why take chances ? 
  they need demographic support and considering that they are small countries with a particular culture , it makes sense to repatriate some of the emigrants . 
  i fully concede that most are gone forever , but maybe a couple tens of thousands could be enough . 
  a few points . 
   only marxists think i 'm not a marxist . 
   no need to address points that are made on patently absurd purely marxist principles this is your way of saying that you 're too lazy to do the effort to actually read the studies on american election demographics . 
   it 's enough to simply debunk the underlying basis , as i have done , as that demolished the points . 
  nice work there patting yourself on the back for no reason whatsoever . 
  i 'll just close with this : the gop share of the black vote has held fairly constant for 10 running election . 
  the same is true of the hispanic vote . 
  only really the asian vote has moved in the last few decades to being only 25-30 % gop . 
  and even then , the movement from election to election is not more than 5-10 % . 
  these shifts take a lot of time . 
  you could , of course , study the last 10 elections and make informed commentary . 
  or you could take your current approach , which is to reject all data and yap about `` marxist principles '' which makes no sense whatsoever . 
  you 've made clear which approach you prefer and i think it is fruitless to engage you further as you seem mentally hostile to look at data that contradicts your world view . 
  it 's a nonsensical comparison . 
  sweden as a whole does n't lose 30 % of its population by internal migration . 
  sweden is a fiscal union between territories , the eu is not . 
  if the eu was a fiscal/political union , i would n't have cared if lithuania lost 30 % of its population simply because everyone shares the same budget and there would be far stronger mechanisms in place than there are today to plug the fiscal gap to depopulation areas . 
  since those mechanisms are not in place between eu nations but exist * within * them , to compare the two is fundamentally naive . 
  you completely dodged all major points i 've made . 
  you 're linking the brexit vote , where the demographics are near 90 % white people , with an electorate which has 40 % minorities . 
  until and unless you accept that this makes the two uncomparable , you 're not going to get why trump will fail . 
  basically , all your arguments boil down to wishful thinking that somehow the brexit vote will translate into a trump win , it 's fantastically ignorant of the demographics of the american electorate and just exposes that you 've never researched the topic . 
  gni per capita corrects for that , and your 2015 numbers are not wildly different than your gdp numbers . 
  i do n't find new yorker exceptional by any standard , even if it has a decent quality . 
  paying that sum just for cartoons is pretty daft from an economic viewpoint . 
  wait , is it my turn to use ** bolded ** words to replace logic with emphasis now ? 
  yeah , it 's truly ironic . 
  it would help the poorer eu nations even more because the net contributions would be largely the same but now wales does n't get any eu funds , so more to eastern europe . 
  to be frank , i would n't be against some limitations on labour from ee to richer western nations . 
  lithuania for instance has lost 30 % of its population due to emigration . 
  that is not good by any measure and they could use some ( partial ) reverse labour inflows . 
  brilliant cover , although largely irrelevant . 
  major leave figures are now backtracking faster than the speed of light and are pushing openly for eea access and are admitting that eu movement may not end . 
  speaking of which , the new yorker is probably one of the last major magazines which does these ( high-quality ) colored covers . 
  i wish more would chip in to preserve this tradition . 
  damn those experts , they keep popping up !, 
  no , it is nonsense . 
  the stock market = / = uk economy . 
  also , the value of the pound should be seen from a longer perspective . 
  it 's one-day drop was large , but its absolute value is still within the historical norm . 
  `` we 're tired of the experts '', 
  canada 's housing market is dogshit , too , though and their tuition fees are rising fast . 
  thinking about it , only really germany has a good housing market of the major developed nations today , without having a bad economy . 
  ukip has slowly transformed itself into the enp - english nationalist party - anyway . 
  now that scotland is leaving the union to join the eu , enp+t ory will rule england and wales with a rump labour party for the spoils . 
  not a good outcome . 
   who cares about food and money you 're not fooling anyone , greece , they are not turning into you , 
  ah , the fallacy of `` the educated will look out best for the nation '' . 
  not really . 
  the educated will look out for the educated and well-to-do , just like the poor will look after the interests of the poor . 
  people are selfish , regardless of educational status . 
  the only thing that cartoon reveals is the smug attitude of some that they are more equal than others , by serving up an idiotic child-like example with more relevance in a children 's book than in the real world as a way to pat themselves on the back . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/06/21/michael-gove-compares-experts-warning-against-brexit-to-nazis-wh/ ), 
  obviously a speculative/anecdotal question , but what 's your general sense for reunification in ireland ? 
  caution or outright resistance among people ? 
  what ( realistic ) steps should ni take in order to boost the chances of them being taken in ? 
  and given the prospect of a tory-dominated , pro-austerity england/wales , they are not wrong . 
  why would n't they want to share a nation with [ these geniuses ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqrg7wh_fc0 ) ? 
  ( backstory : crazed brexiteer tries to burn up eu flag , ca n't because of corrupt eu regulations preventing flammable material in flags ) . 
  poland is the most pro-eu country in the entire union though ( via pew polls ) . 
  sure , money helps , but the notion that you have a big eurosceptic feeling in the nation like the uk , nl or france is just delusional .
