  i think east asian cultures generally do better in this regard . 
  every brown person : islamist !, 
  no , that 's not how the world works . 
  colonialism , whether in algeria , ireland or indeed in palestine will have a violent reaction . 
  stealing land and ethnically cleansing people is not going to make someone popular . 
  if you think otherwise , that speaks volumes about how simple-minded you are . 
  i 'm done with you . 
   donate 1,000 dollars to the clinton foundation wat, 
   any racial bullying in school only went one way as well . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  i do n't know about that . 
  a lot of mythmaking is built into that narrative . 
  black people have been around in america for hundreds of years . 
  for the last 50 years there have been no official laws of discrimination . 
  many still feel like 2nd class citizens . 
  many asians still get asked `` where are you from , no * where are you really from * ? '' . 
  even if trump has turned bashing of hispanics into a national sport , the bigotry was there before . 
  i see a lot of people making a lot of comments about america disconnected from reality . 
  ask minorities and ask them if there are gradients of who is a `` real '' american based on skin color . 
  the term white privilege did n't come out of nowhere . 
  it would be nice with the same map , but with national borders ( softly ) interposed . 
  this is especially an issue for central/eastern europe and the balkans . 
  he hated foreigners but was himself born to two immigrant parents , had a foreign last name and looked the part ? 
  it sounds really bizarre , but who knows . 
  when 80 + people get mowed down on bastile day , the media will cover it like hawks . 
  that 's unpreventable and to lament it is silly and counter-productive . 
  gladwell 's thesis holds for these kinds of nutjobs , but it does n't hold for the attacks in nice , brussels or paris . 
  those are ideological attacks and to pretend mass shootings which are jihadist in nature is all about `` sub-culture fame '' is laughable . 
  in this instance , yes , but not the jihadist mass shootings/killings . 
   his whatsapp profile pic was breivik clear self-hate issues . 
  we had a neo-nazi from a mixed-race background called jackie arkl\u00f6v who also embraced the far-right as a self-defence mechanism . 
  he was so horrendously bullied growing up , that even if it seems like weird to some of you , it is understandable at the same time that he took such an extreme step . 
  anything to avoid the stigma . 
   nordic countries are very difficult to integrate into and not just for non-europeans . 
  my mom works in healthcare and they get eu doctors to plug the lack of experienced staff . 
  they have had german ( ! ), 
  doctors going back home because they found swedes too cold and reserved . 
   like , okay i guess but you 're no longer allowed to complain . 
  i disagree . 
  from their pov they do n't want those people in the country in the first place , so they feel why should they put energy into making a system work that they never voted for and detest ? 
  i say this from experience , because i 've had multiple conversations about this with people . 
  i grew up in a small town where xenophobia was part of the mother 's milk . 
  still , it 's a point which has some inherent logic with it . 
  we keep forgetting that there are * huge * minorities of people who are not into multiculturalism at all , and what options do we give them ? 
  a ) accept and rejoice or b ) shut the fuck up if you disagree . 
  not a working strategy . 
  people forget that it is n't just immigrants who get alienated . 
  basically , this attack seems like a german redux of the virginia tech massacre . 
  the similarities are striking . 
  also , german culture and dutch culture are basically kin brothers . 
  it 's much less of a culture shock . 
  that being said , i can understand that they become nationalistic or whatnot , but we 're not just talking about turkish nationalism per se , we 're talking specifically * islamsim * . 
  that changes the equation for me . 
   why do they want to live in a liberal democracy ? 
  because liberal democracies tend to be very tolerant , even of those who are intolerant . 
  in what other society would he be allowed to criticise for not having enough console games and * be given right * by a judge . 
  in most countries he would either get the death penalty or be put in a brutal jail with the key thrown away , and if he got killed by some inmates , well , too bad , who could have forseen that happen , right ? 
  it 's a classic dilemma of liberalism , how do you ensure you live in a tolerant society yet how do you keep those who are against your values away , without resorting to crude stereotyping and racism ? 
  it 's not an easy balance . 
  would n't be surprising . 
  those expat communities often only consume domestic uk media and we all know that the murdoch media is filled with hateful incitement against eu migrants `` draining the uk '' ( never mind the facts ) . 
  people become very nationalistic when living outside the country in many occasions , and nationalism tends to rise with age . 
  attachment does n't disappear just because you live outside the country . 
  many of those oaps go home frequently . 
  how is recognising a genocide `` discrimination '' ? 
  you sound like a butthurt turkish nationalist re : recognition of the armenian genocide . 
  bandera was a mass murderer . 
  that is a historical fact . 
  for everyone asking `` why do n't they live in turkey if they support islamists '' . 
  the answer is simple : material benefits . 
  holland is a far , far richer society . 
  also , once you have a critical mass of people in the diaspora , you can already have access to your ethnic culture ( which is a big argument for going back ) . 
  is n't it convenient that you started in the year 2000 when the colonisation of palestine started in the 1800s . 
  israel is a settler-colonial society , just like the french in algeria or indeed the anglos in america who pushed aside the natives . 
  i do n't care about 2000 year fairly tales justifying anything . 
  it was land theft and ethnic cleansing . 
  why would anyone agree to a deal with your colonial overlord ? 
  the irish fought the english for 800 years . 
  if you think palestinians will give up after 100 you 're deluding yourself . 
  see how much support israel has in the un compared to palestine . 
  there are two ways you can interpret that , either the entire world is anti-semitic or israel is in the wrong . 
  i know zionists/defenders of israel love the former because it plays into their victimhood complex and psychological paranoia . 
  the rest of the world has moved on . 
  no , it 's not the same reason . 
  the terrorism that uk/france has is imported . 
  the terrorism israel has is because they came to them and colonised them . 
  the collorary is what the french got in algeria when they colonised them . 
  if you ca n't grasp such a basic difference , then you need help with basic thinking . 
  thank you for the insight , so on the work ethic part , it seems like what you wrote was a misnomer . 
  it 's less a work ethnic problem ( implying polish workers are lazy when phrased like that ) and more social/workers rights as well as some tax issues . 
  the health care issue sounds serious . 
  have there been improvements to waiting times ? 
  is there a segregation in terms of waiting times between private/public ? 
  poland and romania are not the balkans , though . 
  although i do n't doubt the numbers there are any better than what you guys have . 
   hes right on the facts except he is n't . 
  the reason why israelis have terrorism is the same reason why the irish gave you people hell . 
  colonisation and occupation . 
  never forget who came to who first , who settled , razed/bulldozed whoms homes , who ethnically cleansed whom ( nakba ) . 
  rest is footnotes .
