  if you are a superstar worker , however , a world-class engineer/programmer or businessman , then of course america is a better place to be . 
  ditto if you want to be famous . 
  but the vast majority of people are not going to be famous and the vast majority of people do n't have phds in machine learning from an ivy league university . 
  hence , it makes more sense to compare life for the average citizen for a fairer comparison . 
  life in europe means you will have a lower disposible income , generally speaking , but you will also live in a safer , healthier country . 
  your food , at least if you live in the nordics , is much less likely to be pumped with antibiotics , you will have extremely clean running water , so good in fact that it is just as good ( and in some instances better ) than bottled mineral water . 
  but aside from economic issues , there are also more esoteric advantages . 
  europe is much more linguistically/culturally diverse . 
  we speak far more languages and the cultural difference between sweden , say , or italy , is not trivial . 
  yet we all tend to like each other , which is what keeps things going . 
  that may not be a strictly economic issue , but i would argue it is a `` quality of life '' issue which merits attention . 
   who are the neoliberals ? 
  the term has been rendered meaningless . 
  no , it has n't . 
  it 's just that the `` success '' of the neoliberal take-over has been sadly so widespread so that they can easier hide in and among center-left parties . 
  well , that used to be the case , at least . 
  corbyn 's election and the rise of sanders shows that the left-wing bases are finally rising to shake off the yoke of neoliberal dogma . 
  much to the despair of their far less progressive establishment in either party . 
  the corbyn folks did a better job than the sanders people , but i expect the sanders youth to graduate from this campaign and elect a real progressive in 2024 . 
  the neoliberal blairite/clintonite virus must be purged . 
   the reformist unions support this , france must not give into a minority who only have their own self interest at heart , not what 's best for france or europe . 
  oh , we agree , but we should also be watchful for those who wish to hijack necessary reform to push an ulterior agenda to dramatically change france 's social contract . 
  you ca n't act as if this has n't been tried before ( or is not a present danger in this moment ) . 
  that 's why the left has been reticent , even those who are generally in understanding of the need of reform . 
  well to be fair , a lot of governments do that . 
  that does n't mean it 's right , but it does n't mean that you 're unique in fudging the data . 
  the uk employment strength is not a fiction , something which i 've been upfront in acknowledging . 
   as long as no one who disagreed had a realistic chance of entering parliament , this is why just blaming politicians is an easy way out . 
  voters were responsible for allow the situation to spiral out of control as well . 
  you know , democracy is n't just about showing up once every four years . 
  people can get involved in the political process and affect a party at their convention etc. 
  you do n't have to commit yourself full-time . 
  one of the better things about sweden is that we have a lot of volunteer politicians at the municipal level , at least in rural areas . 
  i live in a university town now , but i grew up in * norrland * . 
  it was n't uncommon for a pillar of the community type of dude to jump in and moonlight as a politician in the muni , and work side-by-side with local business and citizens to get shit done . 
  so , it 's not like people are not willing to engage . 
  a lot of swedes just chose to stay silent on the issue and it is * too easy * to just blame those in power ( even if they of course are not blameless ) . 
  but reddit told me they were literally north koreans at this point , if not hitler . 
  actually , sweden has already taken steps to block family reunification . 
  well , block is a harsh word , but made it harder to be sure , and there are some proposal to make it even harder . 
  in fact , this was a topic of contention in our last debate a few days ago . 
  okay , would but what would prevent them from doing the same thing right now ? 
  paying 75 euros or whatever for schengen is * much * less than what many of the refugees are paying today . 
  they could make the claim that life is dangerous for kurds in turkey as of today ( and they would n't be lying ) and seek asylum . 
  would n't the same process occur ? 
   unfortunately though you ca n't change facts ah , facts . 
  you mean those you have been wrong on at every single turn ? 
  i mean , you have literally failed to counter any single point . 
  i 've even had to educate you on why using nominal gdp at current prices is terrible . 
  let me educate you some more . 
  here is the imf data for 2016 . http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/weo/2016/01/weodata/weorept.aspx?pr.x=41&amp;pr.y=11&amp;sy=2016&amp;ey=2016&amp;scsm=1&amp;ssd=1&amp;sort=country&amp;ds=.&amp;br=1&amp;c=132%2c112&amp;s=ppppc&amp;grp=0&amp;a= as you can see , france is just a smidgen behind the uk , just 0.4 % in fact . 
  so on a technical basis , you could say that the uk is ahead , but 0.4 % looks pretty close in my book . 
  on top of that , the french have a much lower current account deficit , they have a * much * lower poverty rate , they have far more productive workers , and so on . 
  the only area where the uk wins hands down is on employment , but that is because british productivity has been falling , so companies can hire more to do the same work . 
  in other words , we 're back to where we started . 
  thanks for exposing yourself . 
  you 're using nominal prices . 
  let me educate you . 
  here is the united kingdom 's nominal gdp per capita , via the world bank : http://beta.data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.cd?locations=gb note that between 2001 and 2007 , the uk 's gdp per capita grew by 86,9 % . 
  in 6 years . 
  now check the uk 's official growth figures during that era and maybe you will be wiser as to why you do n't have much clue about economics . 
  or why ppp is used to compare living standards across nations . 
   but it is still a relevant metric except it is n't , for the reasons i outlined . 
  do you also think that the greeks are wealther than the germans ? 
  because if you believe that , you have to accept net median wealth as a relevant metric . 
  and anyone who thinks greeks are wealthier than germans deserve ridicule . 
   a higher gdp per capita according to the imf , the uk has 42k ( ppp ) per head and france has 41.9 k ( ppp ) per head . 
  if you think that is relevant , go ahead and indulge yourself . 
   higher net wealth net wealth is a garbage indicator . 
  it includes housing prices . 
  everyone and their brother knows that the uk has a massive housing bubble while housing prices have been much more moderate in france . 
  that does n't make the british richer , it makes them much more susceptible to housing crashes ( and more prone to take on leverage ) . 
  housing wealth is an illusion . 
  as an american , of all people , should know that . 
  net wealth should be stripped of housing prices , which very few actually do . 
  for instance , according to the oecd , median german wealth is lower than in greece . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.oecd.org/std/household-wealth-inequality-across-oecd-countries-oecdsb21.pdf ) . 
  as i said , if someone who is economically illiterate thinks that means that the average greek is wealthier/better off than the average german , then joke 's on them . 
  again , those measures are * useless * because they include housing prices . 
  turns out housing prices are much lower in germany than in greece , which is partly pushed up by foreign investors . 
   higher growth that was true until today , but you should also remember that france had a much lower gdp drop in the crisis years . 
  which is why the french and the british gdp per capita is essentially tied on imf 's measure today . 
  france has also been steadily rising while the british growth has been declining . 
  what 's worse , british growth has been based on consumption , which in turn has been based on drawing down savings , not on industrial growth or export growth . 
  that is n't sustainable . 
   much lower unemployment yep , i 've already conceded as much , but that is the only measure they beat the french on . 
  you have n't really been able to come up with anything else . 
  finally , why did you avoid talking about the uk 's massive current account deficit ? 
  i am not an expert in eu visa policy , so i ask those who know more than me , am i right in smelling bullshit here ? 
  i find it hard to believe that millions upon millions of kurds would be able to become eu citizens if turkey gets their visa deal within a few years . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.svt.se/nyheter/inrikes/nya-avslojanden-om-kamprads-nazi-forflutna ) ( in swedish , sorry y' all ) . 
  remember he was also active in a pro-nazi youth organisation , but this was often waved away as `` youthful foolishness '' . 
  that 's why the engdahl case is indicting , because it shows he was in touch and supported engdahl many years after wwii . 
  what 's more , even to this day , he is praising engdahl as a `` great man '' . 
  if you look at all the relevant metrics , france is doing better than the uk on the vast majority of them , excluding employment ( which is a big one , admittedly ) . 
  so if france is economically in crisis , then what is the uk then ? 
  i 've never quite understood why te is so revered . 
  it 's like one of those things you 're just supposed * to know * but nobody quite knows why . 
  i find the analysis on world events to be better in der spiegel generally speaking and news coverage is often better in the nyt ( even accounting for the fact that te is weekly mag ) , with more detail and better access generally speaking afforded to the times . 
  they are also overtly ideological in their news coverage in a way which is borderline propagandist , especially on economic issues but also on foreign policy ( they have barely seen a war they did n't like the idea of the west joining , `` for democracy '' , of course ) .
