  i do n't wish i was but the swedish population is so brainwashed at this stage a part of me just wishes we get a separation , the healthy minority and the braindead majority . 
  at some point the healthy minority will have to start over . 
  i do n't want anything to do with the idiots who allowed this to happen in the first place . 
   usually we are called cold , emotionless machines of oppression german history has shown that is only true if the victims are other europeans . 
  germany in this day and age has proved that the opposite is true to all non-europeans . 
  germany has a defective culture . 
  your sarcasm is delicious . 
  beat him down . 
  keep going . 
   he 's a professor of politics , trying to comment on a political insight into a politically complex situation . 
  a professor of politics talking about politics ? 
  the cheek !, 
  how dares he !, 
  let 's get real , you only attack him because you do n't like the point of his comments . 
  everything else is just obfuscation . 
   she 's been doing the absolute minimum necessary to keep the situation under control that is total nonsense . 
  she has invited the massive wave by her policy . 
  they come because she unilaterally changed the rules making it * far * easier to get asylum in germany . 
  she actively invited what is happening now and nobody in the world forced this upon her . 
  trying to pretend anything else is just pushing an ideological agenda , and that is what you are doing . 
  trust me , i do n't need your pathetic `` help '' in defending the honor of my country . 
  i need you and every other fuckhead that downplayers or even defends what is happening right now to defend our continent instead . 
  if you 're unwilling to do that then you can take your pretty scottish ass and throw yourself out of this place . 
  there , some nice swedish politeness on display !, 
  to my eastern european brothers , i say , fight on . 
  you 're not just fightning for yourselves , you are doing it for all of us . 
  one day you may need to liberate our countries up north and know that there are a great many of us who will support you . 
  understand that governments are not the same thing as peoples . 
  edit : wow , thanks for gold . 
  i 'm honored . 
  but understand that brothers do n't need to reward brothers for acting like family . 
  supporting and protecting one another is what we do . 
  it 's who we are . 
  lucy you are so much win it is amazing . 
  you 're right . 
  it 's all about the `` pull-factors '' . 
  building borders etc is just for show . 
  until and when they are going after the ease of which it is to get asylum nothing will be done . 
  do n't use logic on the internet . 
  it 's hilarious you seem to think germany has a mystery box which allows you to take in people from regions which have a culture that is in many ways more conservative than what europe was 100 years ago and voil\u00e1 , they are now all like white secular liberals . 
  merkel sure does reflect the idiocy of the german population . 
   pragmatic approach and not ideologically driven approach taking in 800,000 people in a single year is absolutely ideological to the hilt when the rich arab states take in zero - and they are next door !, 
  it shows how marinated you have been in germany . 
  what we 're witnessing is extreme radicalism being disguised as ` pragmatism ' , because that is how you silence dissent . 
  and i get why they are pushing that . 
  judging from what you write , it is effective on people . 
  when was the last time the american right-wing christians made suicide bombings ? 
  when was the last time they attacked a pride parade ? 
  when was the last time you saw them commit mass rapes against girls who dressed `` immodestly '' ? 
  your cultural relativism is laughable . 
  that is a one-off survey . 
  it 's been posted before . 
  i get why it 's being bandied about . 
  it fits the narrative of `` everything is fine '' . 
  if you look at the totality of studies done over the last 10 years , it 's an absolute outlier . 
  but hey !, 
  let 's cherrypick the one which suits our agenda !, 
  let 's no bother with actually looking at the broader trend !, 
  let 's ignore the fact that it stands in odds with the absolute majority of studies on the topic !, 
  let 's close our eyes and * dreeeeaaam * . 
  or ... maybe it 's time you shed your statistical ignorance . 
  but watch out : you might actually have to back up your opinions with facts that are broad-based and not cherry picked . 
  the result will be brutal . 
  but you need it . 
   the hypocrisy people here want to point out is n't even there . 
  oh really ? 
   but immigrants need to do something to get into the society . 
  if you take in 800,000 per year , immigrants * do n't need * to do anything . 
  they simply overwhelm the system . 
  also , is n't it time we abandoned the myth that all immigrants are the same ? 
  chinese/east asian immigrants do n't typically need social conditioning to adapt into western societies . 
  merkel ca n't on the one hand say that immigrants have to assimiliate and then persue a policy which undercuts that stated aim . 
   the people from turkey created the d\u00f6ner which people here now seem to prefer to traditional food with christian european cultural roots . 
  and they even started their own companies giving us ugly killer games like crysis and far cry instead of another euro truck/farming simulator . 
  you gave two anecdotes as `` proof '' . 
  ignoring statistics on broad population sets . 
  also , i lol 'd on the kebab example . 
  this is so vintage 1990s in its idiocy . 
  yeah , kebab is great !, 
  therefore let us important half of the muslim world , yeaaaah !, 
  btw , since we are on the topic of anecdotes ... 
  i once met a person in purple who was kind to me . 
  thereby by anecdoctal evidence all people in purple must be nicer people than people who do n't . 
  i 'm using such amazing logic , i learnt it from you !, 
  now can you please stop being an idiot ? 
  thanks . 
   prematurely assuming new arrivals wo n't integrate that 's a stupid comment . 
  i 'm not surprised it comes from someone living in iceland . 
  why ? 
  because we do n't live in the 1960s anymore . 
  the people coming from the middle east today are not radically different from those people who came back then . 
  if anything they are * more * religiously intolerant and extremist . 
  this also happened with 2nd generation immigrants . 
  we were all told once the 1st generation 's kids and grandchildren grew up , assimiliation would happen without issues . 
  did n't happen . 
  on many social metrics , the 2nd generation is more religiously intolerant than the 1st . 
  it 's amazing to me that the last 50 years of failed integration does n't seem to have made an impression on you whatsoever . 
  you seem to believe in miracles . 
  that 's why i said it 's probably because you live in iceland . 
  you do n't face reality on a day to day basis , but really , spending 5 mins reading about the world around you is not an excuse .
