  these are not people who retired because they are old or whatnot , which is the spin we hear and read in the media . 
  they are prime-age workers . 
  so no wonder the unemployment rate is falling in america . 
  if more and more drop out altogether out of the labour force , the unemployment rate will fall as a function of arithmetic . 
  that does n't mean your labour market is healthy . 
  neither is the french , btw , but that does n't exonerate you guys . 
   as a professional i am compensated according to my abilities here which is something i really like . 
  sounds about right . 
  the us is awesome if you are a highly skilled professional , lots of money , which is a key factor for you . 
  however , societies can not and should not be judged for how well the top 10 % does , but how does the median citizen do . 
  the u.s. certainly does better there than most of the people who try to demonise it would acknowledge , but they are nevertheless worse off on a range of social indicators than the high gdp per capita would make some assume . 
  yeah , there was an [ interesting story in the guardian ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/cities/2016/apr/22/story-cities-warsaw-rebuilt-18th-century-paintings ) about the post-war efforts to rebuild warsaw . 
   mostly on the surface tho . 
  yeah , that sounds plausible . 
  i 've only been here for like a couple of days , but i am trying my best to get away from any typical tourist attractions and actually venturing into areas most people do n't go , outside * srodmiesce * ( did i spell that right ) ? 
  but the differences are not just buildings , it 's also the sidewalks and other physical infrastructure . 
  the roads for the cars are fairly good , but for some reason you guys have terrible sidewalks , with incredibly uneven walkways , stones are of different heights and all kinds of funny stuff going on . 
  it 's a pedantic thing to whine about , i 'll grant you that , but again , i did n't see that kind of stuff in budapest and hungary has a lower gdp per capita than you guys , so i do n't know what is up with that . 
  at the risk of getting downvotes , i would n't go as far as saying it is * beautiful * . 
  it is certainly unique , because of the amazing contrasts , often within a few hundred meters of each other . 
  maybe i am colored by the fact that i was in budapest a couple of months ago . 
  warsaw , pre-wwii , was by all accounts a truly beautiful city . 
  but because it was so thoroughly destroyed , you had the ugly specter of brutalist architecture everywhere as the soviets took over . 
  that is now being replaced by modern buildings , slowly , but i 'm of the aesthetic opinion that neoclassical buildings are more beautiful than bland glass + steel which you can find everywhere . 
  that being said , glass + steel is still * far * more preferable to the brutalism of the communism era . 
  i just wish some crazy person decided to rebuild warsaw in its pre-wwii glory , but i understand that is an impossible wish . 
   up until this month i was a tenant in a gated community in ljubljana . 
  ironically , it seemed there was ** more crime inside the gate than outside ** . 
  is that what the cool kids call prisons these days ? 
  more like the rich . 
  there is no metric covering everything . 
  i 'm not against nominal gdp measurements * per se * , but they should be fixed in a base year to escape the wild fluctuations which are described in the paragraph above , which gives a misleading impression . 
  for instance , look at this graph : http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.cd?locations=fr the french standard of living did not increase by such a shocking amount from 2002 to 2008 . 
  nominal * current * prices are therefore terrible at accurately describing what is happening . 
  that 's why governments used a fixed base year when calculating gdp growth in nominal prices . 
  that is true for per capita and it is true for total measurements as well . 
  this is even side-stepping the issue of whether we should use nominal or ppp ( i prefer the latter ) , but if we are going to use nominal , then let us use it correctly at least . 
  i 'm on a trip to warsaw right now , and i can tell you that the city is architectually more schizophrenic than most of what i 've seen in my life . 
  you guys are building new modern buildings everywhere , but there 's still an overhang of communist blocs smack in the middle surrounding them . 
  i 'm not surprised by this , since communism obviously had its effects , but it is still quite notable when you walk around town . 
  the old town is also quite small compared to other cities in poland , like wroclaw or krakow or gdansk . 
  the differences between neighbourhoods is also quite stark . 
  while you do n't seem to have ghettoes like we do \u00e1 la rinkeby , the difference between the lower-middle and upper-middle neighbourhoods is much bigger than in stockholm . 
  i 've seen far more gated communities in warsaw than in stockholm for instance . 
  another funny thing is that you can walk in a place like praga ( the southern part ) and you 'd be in a poorly built ramshackle part of town , you walk through a small park and on the other side are modern high rises . 
  as i said , deeply contrasting . 
  also , you can feel the paranoia in the air with the impending nato summit . 
  security guards abound , all stern-looking and suspicious of every move . 
  i 've also seen raytheon and other us military-industrial complex ads everywhere , which makes sense , but still funny to watch since i 've never seen military billboards in sweden . 
  holding gotland would essentially give them domination of the baltic sea . 
  furthermore , it would give them a launchpad of attacks into northern germany . 
  of course , i highly doubt that they would ever go so far , a more likely target would be poland and attacking it from belarus and possibly ukraine if they ever conquered that state as well . 
  would it be fair to characterise him as a cameron of sorts ? 
  liberal both on social issues and economic issues . 
  how do you think he would differ from sarko on ukraine/russia ? 
  what would his stance be on austerity economics ? 
  no need to hope , just look at the opinion polling . 
  it 's crushing for fn . 
   but volatile exchange rates meant the figures were hard to pin down . 
  britain briefly regained fifth spot after the pound broke above 1.17 euros for a few hours on wednesday , only to sag again in mid-afternoon trade . 
  in one paragraph : why using nominal gdp in * current * prices is bad for everything . 
  dude . 
  one final time . 
  i never said we care more about the afghan government falling more than they . 
  look at the comment chain . 
  it 's what gottperun said . 
  it was an inference of his , not something i ever said . 
  you 've just dedicated several comments to attacking a position i 've never held . 
  do you even realise how dumb you 're looking right now ? 
   i myself did n't comment those , because i do n't have any such insight . 
   i said we 're not more concerned as i said , you 're attacking the thing that you are . 
  btw , i never said we were more or less concerned than the government . 
  that 's something that gottperun stated , not me , so why you 're trying to make it my position when it was his , is just bizarre . 
  i stated that we fund their government by 40 % and we 're terrified of the taliban taking over . 
  if you do n't think that 's the case , then here 's my humble suggestion : educate yourself , read up on the coverage of eu-afghan relations . 
  it might help with your unsourced punditry and raise it a few notches . 
  i never said we should be more concerned than the government , i said that it is a concern for us . 
  that 's why we are funding them to the hilt . 
  if we did n't care , we would n't be funding them . 
  the current afghan government is a nightmare , but a taliban-controlled afghanistan would n't just not co-operate , it would be an active sponsor of terror . 
  the current government knows this , as do everyone else , it 's open knowledge . 
   i said we 're not more concerned and your source for this ? 
  see my point ? 
  you 're the armchair pundit with zero insights . 
   we 're not . 
  you 're literally terrible at this . 
  as i said : you 're attacking the very thing that you are . 
  source ? 
  that sounds hilarious . 
  yeah , the winter in iraq must be just like in mother russia , great tactic . 
  you 're deluding yourself if you think the eu is not deeply concerned about the taliban taking over . 
  we 're not financing 40 % of their budget because we 're being good guys . 
  this is the hilarious part : you 're attacking the very thing that you are . 
  for someone not following french politics that closely , what would you say distinguishes jupp\u00e9 from , say , sarkozy in his ideology ? 
  it 's never going to happen . 
  she only has a shot against hollande who is almost certainly not making it to the 2nd round , since the left vote is split . 
  it will likely be fn vs tr , and most like jupp\u00e9 vs le pen , which jupp\u00e9 will coast home . 
  thanks , til . 
  have you ever seen a map ? 
  gotland is far away from the straits of jutland , so unless you 're saying one thing and mean another , there is little that prevents them .
