   fall of civilization or ww3 get a grip . 
  it 's relevant . 
  it shows that victims of islamic supremacism is n't just white people , despite some here who wish to paint this in civilisational terms , where all white people are good guys and all brown people are suspect at best . 
  you may be flippant about this , but i 'm not . 
  i 've had friends who have suffered racism because of this mentality . 
  it 's an occurance for brown people daily all over the world . 
  http://thenews.pl/1/9/artykul/262525,armenianborn-pole-who-looked-like-a-terrorist-taken-off-flight - it 's important to underline that we - those of us who believe in democracy and liberalism - are all in this fight together and that these bigots do n't care what color of your skin is . 
  it may sound trivial to you , but we have daily reminders that tell us we ca n't say this enough . 
  a lot of racists are counting on us not saying it . 
  edit : and now getting downvoted . 
  of course . 
  fuck brown people , right ? 
  fuck you instead . 
  edit2 : now getting upvotes of love . 
  thanks guys < 3, 
  what would happen if you show up with a nike tracksuit or a puma tracksuit ? 
  will there be blood ? 
  asking for a friend . 
  i keep hearing how the coup could n't possibly have been planned or at least allowed to proceed with the understanding it could be easily controlled ( which is essentially the same thing ) . 
  then we see news like these . 
  it 's almost like he was waiting for one to set these things in motion . 
  almost . 
   saw that they were muslim and was scandalized by how the girls were dressed can you elaborate ? 
  this was an attack on brown girls ? 
  he knew they were muslim or just assumed because they were darker ? 
  if it is the latter , he basically racially stereotyped them to boot . 
  the difference between france and israel is fundamental . 
  israel 's terrorism largely stems from its illegal occupation , now entering its 50th year in existance . 
  before that , zionists were systematically colonising , stealing and dispossessing palestinian land . 
  france , meanwhile , has a terrorism problem which has its root outside of the country , to a hateful ideology beaming in from the middle east . 
  it is accentuated by socio-economic apartheid . 
  further , there was a story in the times a few months ago how russia and israel dealt with terrorism and it was basically fairly brutal : you go after the families and use them as bargaining chips . 
  however , that only works if you have large restive populations with their own semi-autonomous military groups , like russia or israel have . 
  that is not ( yet ) true in france , hence most attacks have been by lone wolves . 
  that was weirdly passive-aggressive . 
  does n't sound like an american slogan , thought you guys were about being # 1 . 
  `` could be worse '' sounds more french . 
  the folks over at / r/turkey have been pretty clear that g\u00fclen is no angel whatsoever , to use your terminology . 
  his views on religion are pretty extreme , and some would even go as far as saying erdogan is more of a liberal in terms of theology . 
  so , that 's why i said , the coup was islamist lite vs islamist hardline . 
  the seculars are finished . 
  have they any cores left , though ? 
  constantinople was a long time ago , after all . 
  what are we going to blame now ? 
  poverty ? 
  social exclusion ? 
  maybe western imperial wars ? 
  the excuses are running out . 
   at least they 're not trying to kill us . 
  this is a rather low standard to have , though . 
  i 'm not saying europe is somekind of authority on immigration but neither has the hispanic wave been an astounding success . 
  i 'd look more towards canada or australia for a sensible system . 
  nice try . 
  i win . 
  i do n't think they are retaliating as much as consolidating . 
  to paraphrase lotr : `` tell me , where is the secular army ? '' . 
  the coup was the final sign . 
  it was basically islamist lite vs islamist hardline . 
  that 's what was unique about it . 
  it was n't the seculars running the show , but the g\u00fclenists . 
  it showed the deadly weakness of the seculars , who are now gone from the political scene ( in front or behind it ) and now the extremists are mopping up the leftovers . 
  it 's the brutal execution of the half-living rump state by the victorious power . 
  indeed , that was my very point . 
  once the demons are unleashed in society , you no longer have control . 
  that 's what is so terrifying about this , it 's entirely likely he did n't know about any of this , hence my initial rejoinder to showmyselfout when he was speculating it was erdogan who was masterminding this . 
  in a sense , this is actually * worse * , because this all-out anarchy . 
  you got ta admit its a pretty smart political pr ploy to be a tax fraud , though . 
  i mean most criminals like to romanticise their criminal undertakings , why not make it noble , pose as a freedom fighter and patriot ? 
  i feel like someone should make a boardgame out of the whole conspiracy theory . 
  i 'm sad to learn that the black heli theory is just a boiler-plate `` they 're out to get us '' variation . 
  granted , * all * such conspiracies are `` they 're out to get us '' but at least the execution can be flowery . 
  as i said : you germans have much more inventive nutjobs . 
  i 'm not if that 's a compliment , but it 's a fact . 
  i already told you , you 'll lose . 
  accept it . 
   i think the more important takeaway from all this is that erdowan is willing to quash such a rebellion using the tactics that he is using thing is , we do n't even know if this was a hit orchestrated from erdogan and carried out by his goons . 
  we 've seen an assortment of attacks on alevis , christians , seculars and now political opponents . 
  many of these attacks have been carried out by lone islamist groups , often shielded by the police ( like the attack on alevis ) . 
  that 's the crazy thing about all of this . 
  this murder might not even have been on the orders of erdogan , just islamists/anti-seculars who take advantage of the chaos and the `` purge the enemy within '' mentality that is running rampant right now . 
  dude . 
  you know that i am going to get the last word , right ? 
  this is a battle of will . 
  concede now and make an excuse for yourself already ( which we both know will be total bs because you wimped out ) . 
  i will win . 
  like last time . 
  like this time . 
  well , if there were reforms to schengen , i do n't see how it could n't be accomodated . 
  of course , this all assumes a more benign turkish social/political scene than the one we have today . 
  and in that sense , you 're right , it 's null and void now . 
  fair point . 
  that is a bit more specific . 
  nazi germany carries with itself a broader time horizon when said in a general sense . 
  still , a lot of socities have had state-sanctioned attacks on ethnic and religious minorities , unforuntately . 
  from the sri lankan civil war to the oppression of palestinians in the west bank and east jerusalem today to the attacks by the english on the irish in times past . 
  there was a jewish philosopher , i do n't remember his name now , who once said that religion is to nationalism what socialism was to national socialism . 
  he probably had similar thoughts like you and i 'm not sure if either of you are wrong . 
  no , nazi germany is too far . 
  i do n't see mass genocide on the cards for turkey . 
  this kind of religous intolerance is what happens when islamism breaks out of its bonds , and it has been a long process for turkey .
