  but of course , if world history begins in 2004 , life is a lot easier . 
  that guy is an economic illiterate , and it shows . 
  we will see more and more propaganda like this in the event of a brexit . 
  the uk demanding special treatment , gets told that it has to abide the same rules as everyone else . 
  in return , the sensationalist press will gear up to maximum hysteria , claiming the eu wants to `` punish '' the uk , even though 90 % of uk economists are against brexit and even the bank of england has admitted that it would cause a self-imposed recession . 
  but let 's blame the french . 
  if implemented , the germans have some [ way to catch up ] ( http://cleantechnica.com/2016/06/13/top-selling-car-norway-electric-suv-evs-29-sales/ ) . 
  okay , norway is n't a fair comparison , but they are still awesome . 
  it would go amazing if germany went big and showed the way to the laggards in the oecd . 
  i do n't really buy this premise . 
  the chinese for instance have had a similar policy for many decades ( it is why they are so successful ) . 
  they do a lot of internal debate , then they roll out a test policy to a few select provinces , often with minor tweaks between each provice to test different outcomes . 
  the results come back , they evaluate and then decide whether to go big , relcalibrate anything or scrap it . 
  it 's one of the advantages of being a big country , you can run experiments at mega-scale levels and still only involve a small percentage of the population for minimal impact if something goes wrong . 
  yeah , i understand that , but i was assuming people were able to distinguish between `` too many people are coming and putting pressure on wages/services '' and `` the * people themselves * coming are not good '' . 
  that 's the implication of writing :  as well as stopping the reputation of eastern europeans sinking further, 
  sweden : officially we are alliance neutral but in reality ofc the nordics . 
  if i had to choose just one country it would probably be ** finland ** . 
  we love the danes but danskj\u00e4vlar . 
  we love our norwegian bros , but they 've always had a lot of support from uk/us due to their coastal strategic location . 
  the finns are probably our closest friends , which is why so many of us volunteered to fight in their war against the soviets during wwii . 
  it 's why we both understand that we will join nato together if it ever happens . 
  honestly , was surprised how militant our poll results were on russia . 
  then again , our media has been engaged in a relentless demonisation of putin . 
  the cynic in me thinks it is actually less about ` baltic solidarity ' and more outrage over the putin regime 's stance on stuff like pride parades and stuff . 
  i remember seeing headlines when i was going shopping of some nutjob russian ` professor ' sounding the alarm on swedish society because we were too tolerant of gays or whatever . 
  i mean , a nutty blowhard on some trashy jerry springer tv show in russia gets frontpage coverage in our bestselling newspaper ? 
  really ? 
  in the last few months though , it has become less of a social referendum on putin and more about genuine and concrete threats . 
  the endless saberrattling in the baltic is a big deal for us . 
  we know they would pass finland and go straight for gotland if they ever decided to do anything . 
  joining nato is now a foregone conclusion for us , imo . 
  interesting , from what i 've gathered the ee migration was mostly an economic issue , socio-culturally there did n't seem to be a big issue . 
  care to elaborate ? 
   anti-british even if leave wins , it would win by only 52-53 % or so . 
  so extremely high percentages of brits would have voted for remain . 
  if you think those people do n't count as true brits , knock yourself out , but allow the rest of us to laugh you out of the room . 
  it was crazy that it even did in the first place . 
  even crazier that it was overseen by po , supposedly a `` liberal '' party . 
   1500zl rent for a one room in the city outskirts is it really that high ? 
  that is 3000 sek more or less . 
  i pay 3600 sek for my 25 m2 and mine is certally located in one of sweden 's largest cities . 
  if i would move to the outskirts , it would have been even lower . 
  are you sure you are given an accurate representation of most rents in outskirts of cities ? 
  ireland has a 12x smaller population than the uk though . 
  400k people could well be too many for such a small economy , especially one that is already recovering fast in terms of employment and as such will slow down in jobs growth . 
   the conservative government will be in power during a possible brexit period and they do whatever the fuck they want . 
  indeed , but given that the negotiations will be ongoing , i highly doubt that they will shoot themselves in the foot so spectacularly and sour relations with 10 + eastern states . 
  then again , given how the brexit debate has been carried on , nothing would surprise me anymore . 
  i 'm glad at least someone believes in the arab league , when nobody else does . 
  i guess we agree to disagree , then . 
  note that i made clear :  getting more access into eu agencies is also a move towards more integration ** without becoming a member . 
  ** so , turkey has moved closer to the eu , even without joining it . 
  erdogan wants a lot of benefits with eu membership without actually joining and thus far , he has gotten most of what he bargained for . 
  the visa deal will be done soon , and remember when we heard people grandstanding on this ? 
  that turkey 's transgressions on democracy should n't be rewarded with visa access ? 
  yeah , me too , that was hilarious . 
  all those statements have been swept away . 
  that 's why i called it a smokescreen . 
  no , the irish are doing just fine , thank you . 
  vertikal , those fsu countries had an * imposed * dicatorship from moscow . 
  the turkish people have voted in akp/mhp in with massive landslides . 
  see the difference ? 
  you are assuming the 2nd wave would mostly consist of educated ones , and there is no guarantee that would happen , or even would be likely . 
  it 's often pushed by pro-akp turks who do n't like seeing erdogan spurned . 
  claiming he is n't interested is a way of saving face . 
  not true . 
  they did want to get in at least until recently , certainly before erdogan but even during his early years . 
  erdogan calculates he does n't need to join , he can get a lot of benefits anyway by extortion on the migration crisis . 
  he has been proven right so far . 
  to be fair , he only did it for tactical reasons . 
  he lived through two world wars and basically saw the common denominator : germany . 
  that is in large part the reason why the eu was created in the first place . 
  who now seriously believes a country like germany is going to invade france ? 
  britain 's role has always been the continent 's offshore balancer , often with the help of america . 
  the common security architecture of the europe today is nato , not the eu itself . 
  not saying churchill would have been pro-brexit ( i doubt it ) , but that the logic of supporting the eu back then even from a tory standpoint was far stronger than it is today . 
  do you seriously think the uk would try to be buddies with putin ? 
  the uk would still be in nato , even outside the eu . 
  and we all know who calls the shots inside nato , and the burgers are stepping up the nato prescence in the eastern flank . 
  if trump wins , however , all bets are off . 
  then you will see a us/russia bff . 
   slanderous you 're a man of your word . 
  so u/huehue777 's comment about around 3x is pretty accurate , then , and maybe even a bit on the high side . 
  once you account for living costs in london , the difference is there , but it is not huge . 
   russia will be disqualified from euro 2016 if there is further crowd trouble at their remaining tournament matches . 
  that is the one paragraph summary from the much-better written article from [ the beeb ] ( http://www.bbc.com/sport/football/36528403 ) . 
   a lot of irish immigrants in the uk are voting exit for this reason it could be a belief in the `` snowball '' theory . 
  maybe they want a smaller eu and think a brexit vote would send a strong signal against further integration 2015 was probably a more toxic year for eu integration than even the worst crisis years when the greeks fell under . 
  i think we are only just now slowly realising it . 
  but in london at least , skyhigh living costs smooths out a lot of that . 
  i think money plays a part , sure , but also because despite all the talk we hear about narrow-minded poles on this sub , the reality is that the uk is a much more cosmopolitan place , which can appeal to people . 
  plus learning english is a big deal for many , including for families . 
  at least that is what i 've understood from talking to polish students when i was doing my exchange year in london . 
  ( we talked about poles generally coming to the uk , not just students ) . 
  hue hue hue , y u so funneh ? 
  trolling a strawman is literally the dumbest thing you can do . 
  and nobody claimed otherwise . 
  what i questioned was this notion that turkey is moving away from the eu . 
  you can move towards it without becoming a member .
