  europe has been passively following america for too long . 
  china restricts foreign imports of movies and has encouraged the growth of its homegrown giants . 
  india has purposefully built up its own movie industry and it has a stringent requirement on foreign film imports to meet several cultural critiera ( even if it has no quantified limit , it de facto acts like one ) . 
  europe has done no such thing , instead it has passively relied on america , as it so often does in other areas ( see defence ) . 
  that used to work when america was more european but as it moves to become more and more diverse , europe will have [ other cultural priorities ] ( http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/americas-tv-exports-diverse-overseas-879109 ) than america . 
  i never understood this line of argument . 
  protecting your culture means you care about it . 
  there 's nothing `` i am secure in myself '' about surrendering it . 
  this reminds me of male feminists who give up their masculinity . 
  oh , i am ` secure ' in my masculinity to abandon it . 
  actually , no , you have a very weak identity and that 's why you are giving it up . 
  he was being wonderfully sarcastic , 
  hyphenated americans are still hyphenated . 
  they are not '' * just * americans '' . 
   being american does not mean we all have to be the same color , ethnicity , of course not . 
  but if it did n't matter , hyphenation would n't exist . 
  it would n't have been an issue . 
  yet it is . 
  it 's very telling that ethnicity is the primary identification of so many americans . 
  if being american was truly such a unified ethnicity which you tried to claim before , that would n't have been the case . 
  turns out , other ethnic identifications get in the way , which gives lie to the notion that everyone is just identifying as ` american ' . 
  most are not . 
  it 's part of their identity , but only a part . 
  i think we have had a good exchange . 
  i am not sure if we can progress much further . 
  it was nice talking to you , 
  romania in general strikes me as a very impressive nation these days . 
  it is a good antidote against those who wish to scapegoat all ee nations as authoritarian or anti-democratic . 
  til : finland is a lawless anarchic state worse than a mad max movie . 
   we are n't a bunch of different nations living in a state , we are just americans . 
  except you are n't . 
  if what you said was right , people would n't categorise themselves and others into african-americans , asian-americans , hispanics etc. 
  they would instead just call themselves ` americans ' , yet most people do n't . 
  this is what i meant by the national mythology . 
  no , because the greece situation was different . 
  we were talking about the de facto solvency of an entire nation . 
  even more importantly , this was linked to the eurozone financial system . 
  nobody is talking about a systemic collapse in britain or europe . 
  we 're talking about a milder recession for the uk , which would have been a self-imposed recession . 
  the notion that it would endanger global growth is laughable . 
  it is neither insolvent , it has its own monetary independence and no financial system is at risk . 
   the american identity , which is that we are a nation of immigrants , this is what i referred to as the national ethos . 
  i do n't have any problems with this , on a philosophical level . 
  i actually find it attractive . 
  my issue was with the disconnect from the high-minded rhetoric and reality . 
  you 're right on the roma . 
  there 's not much point in debating something we 're agreeing on . 
  but the reason why i brought up black people is that they are near-native to the land , basically , yet after 300 years racial tensions are running very high . 
  that was a direct reference to the notion of american assimiliation . 
  i guess my beef with you is that you consistently try to limit the debate on assimilation to 1st generation immigrants . 
  i 'm saying it has to be a broader definition . 
  look at old yugoslavia or the austro-hungarian empire . 
  the latter entity held together for centuries , yet it never successfully created a truly coherent single identity , which became obvious during wwi . 
  i think america has certainly done a much better job than they did , but i am also skeptical about the fluff you 're offering . 
  i do insist on saying that if black americans are still , after all this time , feeling alienated , then what does that speak of america 's capability to * truly * assimilate people ? 
  further , you did n't really talk a lot about my central point , the demographics of immigrants . 
  it makes a much bigger impact than any national culture does , which should be evident when looking at socio-economic indicators across the us and europe for the same groups . 
  the only difference between us is our composition of immigrants . 
  yours are nearly all from either christian nations ( latinos ) or buddhist/hindu nations . 
  to the extent you get immigrants from other areas of the world , they are mostly the cream of their society , and it is well-known that more educated people tend to do better economically and also more integrated culturally , because they operate on a higher level in the national economy , where you have no choice but to mix with the population to a much greater extent . 
  in other words , if you 've taken in mostly poor muslims from mena/africa , i * highly * doubt that your results would have been significantly better than me . 
  and the little evidence we see , for instance on somalis , underlines my point . 
  you still have no real answer to this . 
  so i 'll leave it at that . 
  before opening the map , i just had one word in my mind : bayern . 
  i guess i should have added the area around frankfurt , as well . 
  in a sense , it is n't surprising that eastern germany has not caught up with western germany yet . 
  a few days ago , we had a thread here which stated that the richest families in florence 500 years ago were largely the same as today . 
  let 's hope we wo n't have to wait a similar amount of time for genuine convergence . 
  yeah , estonia makes for a natural candidate . 
  we used to be awesome , but that was some time ago . 
  as you say , on copyright issues we 've gone from a mini-haven to bottom of the league for europe . 
  you 're right about iceland , i should 've said europe , not eu  so iceland , estonia ? 
  who would be the third candidate ? 
   and it is that rich . 
  this is why i said we were talking in circles , 
  i 'm not looking down on danes or ee . 
  some swedes are , but not me . 
  i am chuckling when i hear grand tales about supposed american omnipotence of assimilation . 
  i am simply calmly pointing out what you think is a national ethos , in reality , is just good demographics which generally come from cultures which are easy to assimiliate into a western society . 
  i brought your attention to the fact that if you look at the major social/economic indicators here in europe for the groups you are taking in , they are by and large doing great in our nations , too . 
  hence , the so-called `` american secret to assimilation '' is a fiction . 
  there is n't any . 
  i also pointed out that when you take in migrants like somali muslims , which sweden has taken in a lot of , guess what , you do n't do better than us . 
  in fact , adjusted for the fact that those you take in are generally much more educated , you may even be doing * worse * . 
  americans get upset when i point this out - you are not an exception - because it strikes at the heart of their national mythology . 
  maybe i should be more sensitive about how i approach the topic , but i do n't see why i should play along with fiction which is n't even close to reality . 
  i think we are talking around each other in circles . 
  one final go : you should compare net prices for end consumers . 
  after all the taxes ( or if there are none ) . 
  after all the incentives . 
  you should look at total cost of ownership . 
  on all counts , the norwegian system is very progressive and have made it far cheaper to buy and own a tesla than in other rich , advanced nations . 
  it is n't an accident . 
  you keep comparing gross costs of import , but you exclude taxes/incentives/charging infrastructure cost/taxes while owning the car etc etc. 
  all those matter , as well . 
  it helps improve affordability , sometimes radically . 
   but the car is still the same price for both them and me . 
  actually , no . 
  you 're wrong , yet again .
