croatia is really nice . 
  kinda like a safer version of mexico . 
  it 's like the mexico of europe . 
  there may be more than one mexico of europe . 
  well said . 
  i met an algerian dude in germany last week . 
  he 's totally german . 
  married to a german , with a mixed race kid . 
  i think he 's only been here since 1999 . 
  like me , for example . 
  i live in germany . 
  i 'm brown . 
  i have a direct interest in the level of racism in this thread . 
  when i was a kid , i was staying over at a friends house . 
  i complained about getting the shittiest water gun . 
  that 's what he said to me . 
  i 'll never forget that feeling . 
  * he grew up to be a republican . 
  i think he lives in florida now . 
  i hate this saying . 
  you have a point , i 'm in germany . 
  my family and all the other ones like it . 
  immigrant 's son here . 
  moved to europe recently and i can tell you first hand that the difference between the us and europe is huge . 
  the most basic thing is that americans will go out of their way to include someone who does n't fit in . 
  europe , i 've found , is just the opposite . 
  here , people are very judgemental , exclusive and just seem really fearful , not just of immigrants , but also * of each other * . 
  it 's hard to describe . 
  using american blacks as an example of failed immigration/integration is ignorant at best . 
   rostock-lichtenhagen where was this information when someone was spouting off about how brown youths are all so violent ... 
  i got some serious shade for admitting my favorite website was cuteoverload.com to a dutch couple once . 
  i think they must have thought i do n't read the news in favor of looking at cute baby bunnies . 
  nice , thanks . 
  or from another viewpoint , maybe people who fear immigrants always latch on to even the tiniest differences to justify their racism . 
  no we do n't - it 's a lottery system . 
  see europe ? 
  so much repressing to look forward to !, 
  i think the far crane had some buckling failure occur . 
  see the vid @ 1:05 . 
  what do you think ? 
  it looks to me like the farthest crane boom buckles near the base . 
  the resulting swing inertia destabilized the whole system . 
  that 's a lot of mass . 
  i feel like this is about bicycles . 
  there is also an inferiority complex at play . 
  i was a merkl fan until today . 
  not that i matter , ca n't vote . 
  so , just to ruin the subtlety , the italian was probably from southern italy ? 
  i think the glitterbomb may have been an australian invention . 
  voorpagina - not what you think it means . 
  i hate the / s - do n't change over my horrible american sense of humor . 
  i think it 's real . 
  what are \u00d6calanites ? 
  i wonder if the windshield wipers come on automatically when that minigun starts firing . 
  i think he meant residents ? 
  now a map of each of these on their own shaded by percentage of district population would be interesting too . 
  us foreigner here . 
  my wife was recruited to work in a science office here . 
  i 'm an engineer hoping to find work soon . 
  i have n't started looking yet . 
  i felt better yesterday when i overheard a parent correcting a 10yo 's past participles . 
  in america shish kebab was shortened to kebab , and the equivalent of donner kebab is sadly uncommon and is called gyro . 
  what is ridiculous is that this is tax on * profit * , which leaves little room for reasoning a delay in applying it . 
  it 's despicable corruption . 
  i find her attractive . 
  i do n't think it is . 
  australia 's boat people policy is far-right ideology that is not strongly supported by australians generally . 
  i would be very surprised if the eu 's generally more liberal corpus would allow this kind of approach . 
  i bet a bot could scan the flair pretty easily . 
  better than too little rain though !, 
  the submarines are all painted brown to match . 
  we trust our own people , who do not trust one another enough to not carry lethal weapons around . 
  that is such odd logic . 
  this is way more interesting than what i imagined . 
  i will digest this into my economics awareness engine . 
  big thanks . 
  i do n't know that the financial actions of the us are actually that coherent/intentional . 
  i 'm interested though - any more info ? 
  what time period ? 
  i 'm guessing the 80 's and 90 's ? 
  i do n't believe that trade imbalances are the cause of languish for non-german europe . 
  it may be more a symptom of cultural differences such as the valuation ( by the individual ) of productivity , science and teamwork . 
  these are the kind of things that make a real difference in the aggregate performance of industrial economies . 
  they made a bad investment , but was it really out of common interest ? 
  i 'm not convinced . 
  man bernanke is such a hypocrite . 
  his team started this currency war . 
  i ca n't trust a word he wrote there . 
  his angle is so obvious - `` germany is doing better than us , and it 's neighbors . '', 
  if the us had a trade surplus , would he even be writing about germany ? 
  i doubt it . 
  it sounds worse to me !, 
  your english is excellent . 
  they are n't stray dogs . 
  because it was n't real for me until today . 
  i realize that it is hard to convey a realization in any format , least of all to an unsympathetic audience . 
  what broke me was seeing the kids immediately start eating . 
  these were little kids man . 
  4-7 years old . 
  the account was deleted too .
