you guys are so cute, 
  because fuck self-governing . 
  why should n't have brits decided if they were keeping their colonial empire or not ? 
  after all , that was also weakening their country . 
  yes , but you get what i meant by that . 
   i obviuosly made a sarcastic comment by cramming as many meaningless buzzwords into as possible , that was the whole point of it . 
  sorry that you missed the sarcasm . 
  well , if it 's sarcasm , sorry but it 's pretty bad . 
   the problem with `` progressive values '' is that who gets to decide what that is ? 
  is there like an objective checklist i can refer to so i can look up what that means ? 
  that 's the point of every values or ideologies . 
  you do n't have a higher authority making exact exhaustive and unique descriptions for everyone of them . 
  however , progressive values can be roughly considered as equality ( of ethnicity , gender , wealth , etc ) freedom ( political , social , etc ) , solidarity and so on . 
  but that 's open to interpretation, 
  stop trying to fit the word in every situation of `` going back on any change '' . 
  it 's more or less its litteral meaning if you 're being a prick but it 's not the use that 's made of it at all . 
  i 'd say it 's more about rejecting progressive ( in its modern meaning ) values that were already coopted by society . 
  also : a quick look at your previous comments made me find that :  i am just pointing out how extremly regressive , reactionary and hateful islam as a religion is . 
  lol . 
  not any sense you say ? 
  the thing is , nobody cares about the personal experience of your family in relation to the meaning of the word `` reactionary '' . 
  i feel sorry for your ancestors if this is what happened , but it does n't really have much to do with the actual meaning of a word . 
  because what party do you think 95 % of french racists vote for ? 
  parties ca n't alienate their electoral bases . 
  words have definite meanings and do n't really care about your opinion of them . 
  i 'm not denying the two are close but still not the same . 
  mutual intelligibility does n't mean the languages are identic . 
  nordic languages are fairly mutually intelligible but you would n't say they speak different versions of the same language . 
  i mean the differences are not huge , corsican language and culture are pretty close to italian !, 
  still distinct though . 
  think ukrainian/russian, 
  different language . 
  it 's like saying ukrainians were the same thing as russians . 
  they were close and under the same government but still not identical . 
  different language . 
  and ? 
  even if his nationality/culture was n't french , it would be corsican and not italian . 
  corsican culture and corsican language are not italian per se . 
  so he would n't be italian anyway with your reasoning . 
  he was born in corsica when it was already french so he was french . 
  also , corsican culture and language are distinct from italian , albeit close . 
  dae modern liberals are maoist ??? 
  if greece gets out of the euro ... 
  there 's immediately gon na be strong devaluation of their new currency , wo n't there ? 
  well it 's 4 hours and i do n't do drafts . 
  i only note down `` brainstormed '' ideas and the general structure of my essay and then i start writing . 
  i usually never get to 14 pages tho . 
  i think that one time was the only one . 
  it 's usually not recommended but it worked out well !, 
  dae anything remotely abstract and not outright scientific or economically productive is useless ??!, 
  i think it 's interesting once you get around to it . 
  i do n't think it 's officially limited to a 10 pages . 
  i did 14 pages lol, 
  i do n't agree . 
  you 're actually supposed to give an opinion but it has to be backed by solid reasoning , references to authors , philosophers and historical/contemporary examples . 
  it also has to be nuanced . 
  i passed the baccalaureat in 2013 and my exams subject was : `` what do we owe to the state ? '' . 
  being a bit of an anarchist at the time , i basically answered `` nothing '' ( brave , i know ) . 
  i said it in 14 pages and with a relatively solid structure of reasoning and lots of examples . 
  i got a 16/20 for this class . 
  well that would still be `` too large for comfort '' i guess , but daesh is between 60k and 250k strong . 
  there are more than 1.6 billion muslims worldwide . 
  one muslim in 6400 is part of isis . 
  depends on the country . 
  in most of europe it means being a classical and/or neo-liberal , so being right-wing-ish . 
  in the us it means being progressive and/or left wing . 
  the problem is that liberalism can be either used about economic or social issues . 
  and women do n't ? 
  sorry , i meant bnp . 
  as for ukip , their stances on the economy , minority rights , immigration , em etc make them at least strongly right-wing imo ( as far as you can define political ideologies on a left-right spectrum ) . 
  i guess it 's like ukip and the national front in the uk . 
  the national front have the worst ideas ( and actions ) but they do n't have the actual influence the ukip can have on your country . 
  i would argue that contribution is what you contribute , not the effect it has . 
  even with your definition , the contribution of the ussr is on par with the us . 
  damn , it was fighting around 75 % of the german forces even after the normandy landings . 
  different fronts , different warfare , different length of fighting . 
  most importantly , a ** very ** different german policy concerning making prisoners and the treatment of civilians . 
  you do n't really understand how ww2 worked . 
  * capture and capitulation * , really ? 
  dae filthy foreigners all have like 20 children each ? 
  lol , funny how people from various countries seem to know better than some swedes how immigration is something you ca n't talk about in sweden . 
  burn . 
  seriously tho , people have to stop demonizing the demonization of casual racism . 
  yes . 
  yes i did . 
  i 'm just one-upping / u/klaatez ' ridiculous claims, 
  ahahah yeah sure no wait , actually it 's 180m for mao and 70 for stalin . 
  western countries did n't necessarily get rich and modern because of capitalism itself - well if you exclude colonialism and overall imperialism as a way to develop an economy , both susceptible of being considered a consequence of capitalism . 
  and following this logic , `` communist '' countries were n't / are n't necessarily poorer because of communism itself . 
  russia was an economic shithole before 1917 and the ussr actually achieved a lot socially and economically , getting its economy and standard of living a lot closer to the west 's . 
  on the other hand , a lot of poor countries ' economies are extremely weakened by the consequences of capitalism and forced inclusion to the free market . 
  / r/conspiratard, 
  in france as well, 
   they have been taught their whole lives that islam is law . 
  certainly not in syria . 
  fair enough , my bad . 
  the point still stands ( even more actually ) . 
  great , we just do n't have the same meaning for `` represents '' then . 
  but i think the guy you were replying to was using my definition and not yours , unless he really thinks isis are not muslims at all . 
  sorry but you feeling the need to display your presumed intellectual superiority by mentioning you were an atheist was too much .
