  the community is not getting less toxic , it 's just that the toxic people are either getting banned or chat restricted, 
  when you start to playing with/against plat iv and plat v , thats a pretty good signal you 're about to get demoted . 
  yes , pretty much this . 
  first they take into account what type of rts player you are ( that little thing you choose when you create a new account ) , then based on your first games , they 'll put you either against other smurfs or really new players . 
  they probably use cs , build and score to determine wether you belong among other smurfs or you 're really a new player ... 
  if you really read the tooltip , it says : `` riven dashes towards the target nearest the cursor or in the direction she is currently facing , and lashes out at all enemies in front of her , dealing physical damage . 
  broken wings can be cast twice more within 4 seconds , with the timer resetting after each cast . 
  ** the third damages all enemies around riven in an expanded radius , airborne icon knocks them up , and can also be used to pass over certain instances of terrain . 
  each cast also resets riven 's autoattack timer ** . '', 
  it does not mention nothing about distances . 
  and even if that was the truth , that makes no sense whatsoever and it 's just a hassle , so riot could just give riven that qol buff . 
  because unless he burns flash , it 's pretty easy to know when he is trying to ult . 
  also , if you buy mercury threads you can literally walk out of his ult . 
  oh , thanks for the good news . 
  was n't aware of that . 
  i 've looked it up and his ult is n't affected by tenacity since patch 4.21 . 
  damn . 
  have you measured how many calories you burnt off ? 
  this is why last hotfix made fiora really really strong . 
  has anyone tried reaching 40 % cdr with her ? 
  if you hit her level 5 q on an enemy , it has like 2 seconds cooldown . 
  regarding the video - the only good play there was the fiddlesticks fear prediction . 
  the rest was basically right clicking . 
  it 's project : riven !, 
  i know it 's not project : riven because arcade skin is just coming out . 
  i was kinda trolling around . 
   if we did our jobs right , you did n't notice the change while playing . 
  except i 've noticed , and the new missile system is way more inconsistent than the old one . 
  at least with the old one we knew it was bad . 
  the current one ? 
  works half of the time . 
  half of the time , it 's perfect - visuals match the hitbox , everything is great and it feels like a paradise . 
  the other half , it 's a super delayed hitbox . 
  even though you 're stupidly fed and farmed , tf should n't be able to burst that hard . 
  he already has infinite mana with blue card ( you do n't need to build mana regen with him ) , one of the best ganking tools in the game that also counters stealthed champions ( like vayne , rengar or eve ) , great poke and great farming tools with wild cards and a point and click stun . 
  he 's only lacking sustain and mobility , but you could always build spellvamp and you will probably pick flash as a summoner spell . 
  the thing about riven she could press r and blow up low hp carries without even to get into melee range . 
  this change makes that riven needs to fight someone to build edge , which in extent makes it riskier and easier to deal with . 
  i 'd say stronger on the early game and mid game , when teamfights start happening , she will be pretty weak . 
  but i guess thats the payoff of having a super strong early . 
  you ca n't stack edge by farming , only by attacking enemy champions . 
  and while you might be correct on the `` stack your passive on their frontline '' , riven just gets focused hardcore - you 'll get focused and killed before you can build up edge, 
  nice normals wins man , i try really hard to get some of those ... 
  poor chandler . 
  superhero movie was actually a decent one . 
  the jokes were more sarcastic and had a different tone , when compared to the other parody movies . 
  date movie was bad , but had its scenes . 
  the rest you mentioned , were awful , awful pieces of shit ( which i spent my money on - thats what you get being a teenager around that time ) . 
  right ... because that has everything to do with this bug ... 
  no , you did not . 
  if you watched the video - the guy is properly placed and facing the wall correctly . 
  nothing to do with directions depending where the mouse is . 
  also , you obviously didnt understand the video . 
  you can jump that wall . 
  he simply does n't jump the wall because he is hovering the enemy unit with the mouse , and thats not supposed to happen - it 's a bug . 
  i admit , the video doesnt reflect a proper environment for testing - but the bug exists and boxbox has acknowledged it ( and proved it ) many times on his stream . 
  it 's a bug because if you test it , on the same wall and same part of the wall you 're supposed to wallhop , if you have an enemy on the other side and you 're hovering over him with your mouse ( even if he is in the fog-of-war and you do n't have vision of him ) you will not be able to wallhop . 
  i obviously play riven more than you and maybe the video does n't reflect a proper example of this bug - but it exists and it should n't happen . 
  boxbox has acknowledge this bug many times on his stream . 
  you can try it . 
  just place yourself near a wall you obviously know you can wallhop . 
  try to wallhop without any enemy on the other side . 
  you 'll succeed . 
  now try with the exact same environment , except with someone on the other side and with your mouse hovering them . 
  you will not succeed . 
  the only thing that changes from both experiments is that there is someone on the other side and you are hovering them with your mouse . 
  the wall , its thickness or the direction you 're facing doesnt change - and still you will not be able to wallhop . 
  maybe you need to be a riven main to feel it . 
  you 're right about everything you said , except it does n't apply to this situation . 
  you 're supposed to wallhop and jump on top of the guy you are hovering over . 
  because the wall is not an enemy , just an obstacle . 
  you should be able to wall hop and jump on top of the other guy that is on the other side ( if he 's not very far from it , of course ) . 
  it 's a bug and altho it 's not game changing , it 's pretty annoying . 
  if you like to be permanently slowed every where you go ... 
  but on the other hand , champions like zyra and heimer are free to play , and they 're not much better than teemo , since they also spam units ( plants/turrets ) . 
  i do n't understand why is riot making cs riven skin such a rarity . 
  i mean , cs thresh and shyvanna went on a sale once more after they got released . 
  and given how many people desire it , one would wonder how big of a quick cash grab would be putting cs riven back of sale for a couple of days . 
  they 're nerfing her ultimate cooldown exactly because these nerfs and coupled with the edge changes . 
  the new passive makes riven really strong on the early game duels , and therefore they want tone down her early game pressure by increasing her ultimate 's cooldown . 
  i think it has something to do with the edge changes which makes her really strong early and easy to snowball . 
  right now , snowballing is all riven has . 
  the biggest counter to riven is to play safe . 
  riven is one of those champions that do not get even . 
  she either snowballs or just becomes useless ( apart from spamming her r to low hp enemies ) . 
  and we will still get through . 
  because she either gets downright unplayable or because the way her kit is - we will find a way to adapt . 
  riven uses the `` change '' concept better than kha . 
  yasuo has a resource ? 
  that 's new . 
   riven 's ult has a 50 second cooldown at level 16 , down to 30 seconds with cdr . 
  it lasts for 15 seconds . 
  that means you only have to wait 15 seconds for it to come back again . 
  you 're totally wrong . 
  the cooldown only starts counting after the 15 seconds of her ult buff has ended . 
  he needs to be nerfed . 
  he deals too much damage being very tanky . 
  also giving % hp damage to someone who builds tank is not a good idea , but it seems riot does not understand that . 
  i like her design . 
  but if riot can keep her a high apm champion , while making her less obnoxious to play against , i 'm fine with that .
