  hey , i 'm not saying anything . 
  just askin ' , you know , there 's a question mark at the end of my sentence . 
  your argument was quite informative , thanks . 
  i 've only one comment  what ? 
  are you suggesting that money saved is money that will never be spent ? 
  i actually was . 
  the value of $ 5 today < the value $ 5 in two-three years time when you finally decide to spend the saved money . 
   we 're in debt because we loaned too much and the investments did n't pay off . 
  you 're suggesting we to get even more loans as opposed to reducing the overall spending of government ? 
  what i 'm suggesting is that if people do n't have money to spend it affects the entire economy . 
  i find it hard to believe that there was ever an economy that boomed due to frugal spending . 
  the money i save is always the paycheck you do n't get , in spite of you being a hard worker . 
  the broken window fallacy is not always so fallacious . 
   you 're suggesting we to get even more loans as opposed to reducing the overall spending of government ? 
  i 'm not suggesting shit , to be honest . 
  i 'll admit the arguments on both sides are quite convincing . 
  latvia is slowly getting out of the crisis ( via austerity ) and so is the us ( via stimulus ) . 
  excessive reliance on government spending can hurt economies ( france ) or it can not ( sweden ) . 
  my personal opinion ( and my knowledge of fiscal economy is less than rudimentary ) so far would be that anarchisto 's solution would provide for a quicker way out , while yours would create a more stable environment in the long run . 
  [ you guys ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0nertfo-sk )  are you really this stupid ? 
  you think there are free lunches ? 
  that the state can just spend money it does n't have ? 
  also not only you 're being rude here , but you also do n't seem to grasp de idea of a loan . 
  99.999 % of all business ventures ever were made with people spending money they did n't have . 
  you should read [ this ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2012/01/02/opinion/krugman-nobody-understands-debt.html?_r=0 ), 
  i really really love the icon this subreddit has for the daily mail, 
  and why did n't the social protection services do a goddamn thing before the kid died ? 
   can only be changed through very expensive referendums of which there seem to be several per year on average  so if youre going to miss represent ireland as some super religious backwater that was n't my intention at all , i 'm quite fond of ireland . 
  i was merely pointing out that tough a fairly liberal country , there are still plenty of traces of catholicism left, 
   it wrecks my head when people think ireland is rediculously religious . 
  well , making abortions illegal will tend to do that for some . 
  and to that add the fact that you 've plenty of boys only and girls only schools , the irish constitution begins like this : * in the name of the most holy trinity , from whom is all authority and to whom , as our final end , all actions both of men and states must be referred , * * we , the people of \u00c9ire , * * humbly acknowledging all our obligations to our divine lord , jesus christ , who sustained our fathers through centuries of trial , * [ ... ], 
  well , try to consider the perspective of a scientist . 
  you 're not going to get laid either way , so it 's not like working in saudi arabia for a few years will hurt your love life . 
  however , they do pay bucketloads , which in the future may get you a sweet sweet sexbot . 
  and that b-word we use for hungarians ? 
  the americans call you krauts afaik, 
  i always mistake accents from the brisbane region as non native accents, 
  see , i knew it that deep down inside your heart you were just a reluctant spaniard , 
  romania, 
   everything costs the same or more here than it does in germany beer < 1 $ ?!, 
  ffs , you can eat a large filling pizza with ~ 5 $ in romania . 
  i know it 's a bit douchey , but i ca n't help but raise an eyebrow whenever i hear greeks complaining about how poor they are , and about people starving in the streets . 
  i mean , dude , in my country people still use horses and carriages to move shit in villages . 
  bad luck anarchisto : posts facts , gets downvotes, 
  [ i 'll just leave the most latin non gypsy & non oriental song here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4ti-247yla ), 
  well , no country that had its land taken ever considered it to be just . 
  as for your view on the matter , thanks , you 're cool . 
  as a half hungarian ethnic half romanian ethnic , i do think of myself as fully romanian . 
  mouse over that flag near my name, 
  because a handful of szekelys wan na go back ? 
  thanks man . 
  i y' all spanish * people deserve a hug -- * yeah , i also like telling that to brazilians, 
  also there was a huge dip in the quality of life for the average russian under yeltsin . 
  entitled signs that say that they 're peaceful and just want to move through . 
  fucking brown people , i know ... 
  unfortunately there 's no magic way of determining the future . 
  maybe those refugee camps in jordan and turkey will be safe for the next 20 years , they 'll be able to supply food , medicine , housing and education to the people there while also making efforts to integrate them in the turkish/lebanese society . 
  still , if i 'd me a refugee there , and if you 'd be a refugee there , we 'd both prefer the odds in germany/sweden , where at least from what we get to hear in the media -- we 're promised all that officially . 
  i like how you think of danger as in dangerous/not dangerous when there 's clearly different levels of dangers . 
  your kids might survive eating whatever leftovers are found in turkish/jordanian refugee camps for three months and skipping school . 
  when those kids eat leftovers for 3-4-5 years , leftovers that get smaller and smaller as foreign aid starts to wind down , there 's no school or long term options for them only to be used as a human shield in case isis attacks -- in that case you really want to move them to the safety of europe . 
  and no , wanting to up your status from _ barely alive and risking death _ to _ safe _ does n't make you less of a refugee . 
  i 'm sure in case of war you 'd be acting exactly the same . 
  mate , that is not how it works -- there 's different levels of danger and duration . 
  the road is a temporary danger -- once passed you can grab your family with you . 
  in a not-yet-attacked-by-isis / assad region in syria your family may as well be more safe in the next 5-6 months than on the road , _ however _ their long term survival odds do n't look that great . 
  in that situation it 's perfectly reasonable to take the risk on the road by your own , get asylum , get your family flown to europe safely . 
   if europe is so dangerous why that they risk rape and mugging , why come here in the first place ? 
  the _ road _ to europe is dangerous . 
  once you 've reached and been granted asylum in germany/sweden life is way safer for your family , your children wo n't have to grow up with the side effects of rickets , long term bacterial infections , no access to education , _ etc _ . 
   if the refugee camps are so safe they can leave their women and children there without the threat of rape and mugging , threat in shitty refugee camp : 4 threat on the road : 9 threat in germany/sweden : 0.1 call me a filthy ungrateful economic migrant , but even with my european white genes i 'd still take the road to germany/sweden , get asylum , have my family flown to a safe future if i 'd be in their situation . 
  going through a temporarily more perilous situation to reach a safe heaven where you can bring your endangered family safely afterwards could n't possibly make any sense and makes you a filthy economic migrant . 
  got ta love ol' xenophobic logic . 
   because these are fit young middle class looking men who are taking advantage of the situation to move to their preferred countries . 
  or fit young men that do n't risk rape and mugging as much as their wifes/daughters/sisters on a very perilous road . 
   they should either move to the first safe country which most of them do . 
  too bad those are shitty refugee camps in jordan and libia which have a marginally lower risk of death and starvation than syria itself . 
  but hey , easy to talk in between two pizzas , funny cat clips and some sweet reddit surfing , no ? 
  i second that . 
  and there 's plenty of those people around . 
   income inequality is far too high in europe compared to the us for example . 
  you do realise both the previous and the future quotas took that into account ? 
  those migrants sure have poor english, 
  you 're right , according to the 2011 census there 's ~ 10k more polish nationals than uk nationals . 
  i 'm curious how the population will have shifted in the 2016 one . 
  highest percentage , but -- the number one nationality among those immigrants is uk . 
  also ireland has one of the highest living standards in europe , and eu quotas take into account the host country 's population . 
   `` romanian living in ireland '' how long ? 
  for a few years , but i spent most of my life in transylvania . 
  which has more hungarians and gypsies than slovakia , and while we 're living in peace , it 's not exactly free of xenophobia and racism . 
   we dont consider here ourselves as a eastern europeans i know , that 's why i initially wrote central + eastern + baltic , even though by w european standards it 's just e europe . 
   but name a country that isnt racist towards them , you as a romanian must know best i 've yet to encounter the eastern brutally overtly racist rhetoric in the west . 
  sure , europe in general is not gypsy friendly , but god , there sure is a culture of hating them in the east . 
  a. nb -- i 'd bet there 's also a quite a few czechs in those 2.7 % , not exactly the brown people unable to speak the local language that / r/europe is so afraid of sheltering . 
  no they 're not . 
  those hungarians and gypsies have been living there for as long as most individuals can trace their ancestry . 
  i 'm hearing the exact same bullshit argument in romania as well , but the fact remains that all those people were there since before the idea of a nation state was even constructed . 
  so no , they fail to fall into any accepted definition of the word immigrant . 
  c. yes , and quite a large number of eastern europeans are incredibly xenophobic .
