  man you 're gon na get a shitton of downvotes ... for what it 's worth i totally agree with you royalty and # still suck , though ... 
  oh , the catastrophe of being understood everywhere ... 
  that 's funny , because i have friends studying in saudi arabia , and their no 1 complaint is the backwards draconic segregation based on sex . 
  i 'm not saying that i have n't met open cool non-brainwashed muslim women , but those usually came from more secular ( and why not call them more westernized ? ), 
  states , such as turkey , algeria or tunisia . 
  from my experience in 2 countries living in/near the muslim parts of town , i can say that muslims are pretty harmless and even nice if you 're an olive skinned tall male like me . 
  if you 're a normal western girl you 're bound to get at least sexually harassed and called a whore every now and then [ also ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vqfeqtvn1q ), 
   i lived in riyadh , kuwait , and dubai . 
  and did you ever go to a random female ( local ) there and just said `` hi '' and just start flirting with her ? 
  why ? 
   siege of vienna , we do not forgive , we do not forget . 
  what , whom and why do you not forgive for the [ siege of vienna ] * -- * which happened in 1529 ad , btw, 
  this should be posted directly on / r/europe , not burried here, 
  you know it 's going to be an anti-eu post when atheistmil posts an economist article , 
   romanians are mostly orthodox , so i 'm not surprised . 
  [ they were n't always ] ( http://romaniainterbelica.memoria.ro/index.html ) . 
  greek catholicism is almost entirely practiced by romanians , while hungarian ethnics tend to be either protestant or roman catholic . 
   rarely will you see young adults in a church . 
  not quite . 
  i met quite a few fundies in my college years . 
  and there 's also ascor . 
  and there are a bunch of kids attending mass on easter and stuff like that as for the survival and defiance part ... dunno what to say . 
  the orthodox church definitely did n't have it so bad since it rebounded so fast after the revolution , while the catholic church ( especially greek catholicism , which was prevalent in transylvania ) has almost completely disappeared . 
  you 're australian . 
  your downvote is our upvote . 
  as the french say : * pour les ~ ~ lulz ~ ~ mdr 's *, 
  all your erd\u00e9ly are belong to us, 
   do n't you realize that looks like an ad hominem to any reasonably trained debater ? 
  pulling those quotes was not a counter argument per se to any of your points , it was just to show you that you 're more guilty of generalizing than me . 
  and yes , i did see them in context , and no `` like rats fighting over the real vermin '' is in no way a sarcasm . 
  probably you should check your definition of the word . 
  at best it 's the type of joke that belongs on / r/imgoingtohellforthis  read the other replies here too . 
  do n't you realize that most come across as dense and backwards ? 
  read comments on youtube and / r/shitredditsays . 
  all racists tend to be pretty vocal when under the anonymity provided by these sites . 
  since this is a post about a romanian problem , of course romanian racists will be more likely to post here that american ones . 
   i have never heard any constructive or positive comment on them from an easterner . 
  hehe , cherry picking much ? 
  just check the comments of the original poster and anarchisto in this very thread ( both easterners ) . 
  i do fancy mine own as constructive and positive arguments , but i do realize that i may be too aggressive here and there . 
  as for the things you hear in `` your media '' , well , not that i want to sound like i 'm media bashing , but you 're never going to hear things in the media that are n't eye catching . 
  if i had n't lived there for a short while , i could 've sworn france is one of the most racially and culturally discriminative countries on the planet from what the media says ** . 
   by * any * human rights ranking eastern europe scores worse than western countries . 
  i consider the right of a woman to terminate a pregnancy a valuable human right . 
  so just for the sake of it , check the leniency of abortion laws in any eastern european democracy vs say ... portugal , spain and even better , ireland . 
  and also , your mild * geert wilders scored more than our extremist parties in the latest elections ( great romania party and new generation party , they never score more than 7 % combined ) . 
  ** but yes ** , we still do have to work on our gay rights and affirmative action towards the rroma . 
  and speaking of rroma , i 'd really like to see which country has more affirmative action programs towards them than romania . 
   you ca n't take criticism because it 's too confronting and you prefer to find fault with others instead of yourself . 
  that 's not an eastern european thing . 
  in my experience no culture likes to be criticized as one culture . 
  and trust me , we do find faults within ourselves . 
  if you ever had ever spent a couple of days in any country in eastern europe ( or even watched a friggin ' post communist movie ) you might have noticed that we 're quite a self deprecating folk . 
  ok , maybe not the greeks . 
  have a good day as well , buddy !, 
  -- * and the fact that he does n't come off as racist as some of the commenters here ... well , of course , he 's a politician who has to account for every single thing he 's muttering . 
  not even the most racist of our politicians wo n't publicly state that the gypsies are an inferior race and other such shit you 're likely to see on an internet forum . 
  ** fyi , i did personally find france not to be more racially tolerant than romania , in spite of the fact that racist jokes are a bit of a faux pas until you get to know the person you 're talking to better . 
  i 'll admit the way i presented the swedish example might have been a bit too inconsiderate . 
  but on the generalizing part -- what ? 
  a. i 'm not saying nor implying anywhere that westerners are predominantly racist . 
  and by western i mean the more advanced economies of europe . 
  you know , the ones we 're trying to emulate . 
  b. practice what you preach . 
  just a few of your remarks in this thread :  ahhh , good old eastern europe . 
  it 's like rats fighting over who 's the real vermin !, 
   i came for the eastern european xenophobes , and i was not disappointed !, 
   it was expected that a german would n't get the joke , but no sweat my friend , 
  i agree with you , but that shit kinda happens with all racial minorities everywhere . 
  trust me , in spite of being very liberal with racist jokes and shit like that , we 're not even by far the most racist lot . 
  they 're a racial and cultural minority that we have had problems integrating for dozens of years . 
  we never went full western and decide to [ sterilize ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/compulsory_sterilization#sweden ) them . 
  we have social programs meant to facilitate the access of rroma kids to schools and colleges . 
  rroma music is extremely popular among the romanian youth . 
  oh , did i mention that as a kid i also used to play with some gypsies ? 
  yes , there is still a lot of racism . 
  and yes , we do n't really have a magic solution on how to bridge the gap between our two cultures ( just like neither do you have no clue on how to integrate muslims ) . 
  and yes , the mentality of people has to be changed on both sides , and it 's a fucking long and arduous process . 
  but do n't give me that holier than thou attitude . 
  tolerance for different people and races is probably one of the ( unfortunately very ) few things the west is n't that much better than us . 
  lol , downvoted for actually making sense, 
  here 's what he said :  and why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother 's eye , but considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye ? 
  [ context ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/incarceration_in_the_united_states#ethnicity ), 
  well , my dear dutch friend , you 're patronizing as fuck . 
   majority of political parties tries to solve the problems associated with easterners working here by change our laws and conceptions . 
  we got that shit here as well bro . 
  positive discrimination/affirmative action . 
  lots of funds go into educating out rroma minority pal . 
  and into social welfare . 
  not to mention spots in every college for them . 
   putting all local roma in a abandoned chemical plant is no durable solution at all , is pandering to local public opinion , and frankly a braindead xenophobic move . 
  a * former * chemical plant that has been refurbished on taxpayer money into livable apartments . 
  which is close to the heart of the city . 
  before the economic crisis gypsies had been actually moved into `` real '' blocks of flats . 
  but you did n't see that on reuters i guess . 
  does n't generate that many clicks . 
  also , there will be independent eu commissions analyzing the situation . 
  hold your horses , and wait for the conclusion . 
  meanwhile before you 're calling us braindead xenophobes , you 'd better give [ geert fucking wilders ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geert_wilders ) a fucking look and then preach about tolerance . 
  a few more details ( baia mare native here ) : - google `` craica baia mare '' in google images .
