  i 'm actually seriously considering moving there in a year . 
  queue in nigel farage shitting his pants, 
   i do n't think i 'm any of these words i was n't implying you where , i was implying that the brain drain concern is touted and promoted by the ultra conservatives ( like ukip and their ilk )  and what you say does n't contradict any of what i say i did say that the brain drain concern is obviously proven wrong by actual data -- that should be pretty contradictory to the `` it 's a complex and layered issue that we need address '' part of your statement  dude why did you decide i was evil i actually do n't think you 're an evil xenophobe , especially since you have lots of foreign buddies . 
  i just think you are mistakenly concerned about a non-issue . 
  it 's typical utra-conservative scaremongering . 
  the data is there , people are doing better in romania , and hungary and poland and the baltic states and bulgaria . 
   i just do n't understand why you are trying to prove that educated people emigrating is n't a problem at all . 
  of course it is a problem for the country they are leaving , a fairly well-known one for which there is no easy solution . 
  i 'm asking , what is a problem for the _ country _ ? 
  is the country anything else but the sum of it 's people ? 
  so where 's the bad part in people starting to live better ? 
  brain drain is this scary word that i 've heard thrown around again and again since i was in grade school , yet still -- people started living better and better and better . 
  especially from all that sweet sweet cash that came from the diaspora . 
  nb : also notice that the number of qualified emigrants is not given as a percentage of the total emigrated population . 
  i 'll go out on a limb and say that the bulk of the romanian diaspora is comprised of people that do menial jobs like cleaning and construction work , rather than highly specialised statistical analysts . 
   a lot of educated , culturally active , politcally involved young romanians i have met told me stuff like `` when i graduate in chemistry/computing i 'm gon na go wash dishes in london '' . 
  i studied physics in romania and i ended up doing physics in ireland right when the recession was peaking . 
  the romanians you met must be really shit at what they do if they have a degree in fields for which there is an obvious demand for . 
  really , i was not even a star student -- quite far from it , actually . 
  please tell me how it would have helped my country had i stayed home in a market that has absolutely no use for a person with my education . 
  but this way i get to work a decent job i can be proud of , i get to experience a new culture and meet people from all over the world , i get to also pump some money in the romanian economy during my holidays ( and indirectly through the taxes i pay to the eu ) , and i 've got / u/videki _ man calling me a symptom of the end to come for eastern europe . 
  and i 've met quite a few romanians from various backgrounds , but never a dishwasher with a degree in cs . 
  you 're right , of course -- i always try to explain this to a westerner that says \u201e yes , i do make more money , but then again things here are also way more expensive '' . 
  however , there was a time when people were kept forcefully in romania , brain drain was n't an issue . 
  it was called communism and the disparity between us and the west was larger than ever . 
  now , brain drain or not , we 're doing better . 
  not excellent , but better . 
  ok , if you want to decrease the level of discourse ... you 're right , what we should do is stop the migration within the eu and make it 's * really * hard for people to go look for better opportunities in life elsewhere . 
  it 's a sensible policy that will make life better for everyone involved . 
  fuck having to speak with a plumber that has a polish accent . 
  i want muh countray back !, 
   the romanian people will be a lot worse off a decade from now unless some european measure is taken to prevent it or its effects . 
  brain drain in romania has been a continuing problem for over a decade now . 
  and it 's the same in hungary , poland and every single poorer country in europe . 
  yet miraculously these countries seem to slowly progress and slowly converge towards the wealth of their western counterparts . 
  the gap between what i could have in my childhood and that of and a lower middle class english person my age is waaay larger by orders of magnitude than that of a current english and a romanian lower middle class child today . 
  but that money would buy a quality of life in the home country that is unattainable elsewhere . 
  case in point : programmers in romania can get a quality of life here that they would not necessarily enjoy in western european countries , even though they 're paid less . 
  [ cf ] ( http://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/ppp.asp ), 
   yeah , because villages in romania are doing so well ... 
  should we now start introducing migration quotas towards the cities just to preserve some idea about the purity of life at the countryside or whatever the fuck people who cry after villages do it for ? 
   the problem is that if the educated people leave an already poor country , it will be even poorer and makes the difference between rich and poor countries even bigger a country is nothing but the sum of it 's people . 
  and there 's a huge leap of logic you 're taking there . 
  as i told you , by any index that was measured , the quality of life increased in the eastern countries in the last decade + , even with it 's massive migration . 
  your whole argument is nothing but a musing that is n't really backed by any data to show a causality between migration and loss of quality of life . 
   please tell me how it 's not a problem if doctors , engineers and other highly educated people leave african countries or hungary or romania . 
  doctors leave , the `` donor '' countries need to rethink it 's incentives towards attracting people they need , more doctors come back . 
  the doctors are happy , the patients are happy , everybody has a higher standard of life . 
  the problem is not the doctors leaving , the problem is the low paychecks we 're paying them . 
  and the taxes most romanians are n't paying that should be used to pay those doctors . 
  inb4 : i ai n't payin ' no state , the state ai n't done nothing for me, 
  simply because they could n't do it before . 
  but do n't believe me , check any sort of index you can , from life expectancy to gdp per capita . 
  for fuck 's sake , i remember people talking about hungary in the 90s like it was heaven on earth compared to romania . 
  now the gap decreased . 
  because we managed to grow as a country . 
  and the only reason i left romania in 2010 rather than 2006 ( when i finished highschool ) was because i finally could . 
  no country should be a prison for its citizens . 
   why did he choose london , not somewhere else in europe ? 
  people speak english , it 's multicultural , it 's anything but boring , it 's way easier to get integrated there than probably any city in europe . 
  also it 's got a dynamic economical environment . 
   it is hard for eastern europe to develop when a generation of the brightest and most entrepreneurial people leave for nw europe not really . 
  it actually developed massively due to capital influx from its diaspora . 
  why is it a problem ? 
  why is it a problem if one country loses part of it 's population due to migration ? 
  it 's free movement , nobody 's going to stop you from chasing greener pastures -- how is this a bad thing ? 
  just two decades away people where bitching about the young talents leaving the villages empty in search for a better life in larger cities . 
  did the world end ? 
  did society crumble ? 
  people just started living better and being more content with their lives . 
  also , congrats on having [ the absolute bestest anthem ever ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ic-3mmekym ), 
  sorry , but scottish stingy jokes are too good to pass . 
  look at / r/europe generally talking about the roma community -- that 's how comments of genuine hate look like . 
  `` france , speak english -- we all understand that '' is not hatespeech . 
  really , why would we _ hate _ france ? 
   people are just looking for things to get ** outraged ** about for no reason do you see any pitchforks here ? 
  do n't answer , just copy paste the word outrage a bunch of times . 
   now prepubescent pseudo revolutionaries are going to hate france !, 
  whoa , you must 've gotten a phd in classy insults, 
   if the official languages of eurovision were english and german and germany gave their results in german i really would not give a rats ass . 
  then this thread would be about germans . 
   outraged redditors !, 
  stop the press !, 
  it 's not outrage , it 's more like a disgusted grimace and going on with your life . 
  and it 's not just redditors , it 's pretty much a sizeable proportion of the audience . 
   the reason why the french presenter said the points in french is because french is one of the two official languages of the eurovision . 
  nobody was complaining about the eurovision having 2 official languages . 
  we were saying that insisting on addressing the whole continent plus some other countries in your native language can come off as slightly rude towards some people . 
  and it did obviously come off as rude , since you know ... you do have people complaining about it here . 
  irrelevant . 
  you 're still trying to address an international audience . 
  as a person who moved to ireland specifically because i did n't want to live in a non english speaking country but still stay in europe , i agree with your statement . 
  however , i would also like to see a source of that $ 18b figure . 
  that would actually be awesome, 
  had a small eurovision party at my home , we where 7 people with 10 citizenships ( 3 people had double/triple citizenship ) . 
  here was the general reaction songs : `` there should be more songs sung in the languages spoken in the participating countries . '', 
  france 's announcement of the scores : `` that was a bit douchey '' and yes , we where speaking in english . 
  really , two years ago i was really irked that romania did n't send [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipkdbacr3yg ) which is sung in romani , both a minority and an unofficial language of the country . 
  however , it 's a totally different thing when you 're trying to send a verbal message to an international audience . 
  then it 's just polite to use the de facto international language , which is english .
