  if given the right and an easy way of becoming full citizens . 
  that _ if _ is quite crucial , yet you just intentionally brush over it in your little diatribes where you call me a nazi for wanting to give people asylum and a chance at a better life . 
   the result still is that less people are employed in worse conditions and the profit is siphoned off to some fiscal paradise god knows where . 
  [ look outside the window ] ( http://blogs.euobserver.com/shaxson/2013/09/06/netherlands-admits-shame-in-being-tax-haven-pledges-limited-reforms/ )  what are you ranting about ? 
  about your complete inability to come up with any data to sustain your claim . 
  it 's actually infuriating how you over my arguments and just repeat the same things without providing evidence for your arguments . 
  really , one link to a proper study will save you 10 sentences blabbing about how letting immigrants in is literally being hitler and giving them healthcare and education is just unreasonable as fuck . 
  look at this shit for instance :   remember , the nazi 's themselves where rather big on isolationism and prioritizing their own . 
  at least read the cliffnotes version of national socialism before you start calling people literally hitler . 
   take your own advice . 
  are you trolling ? 
  am i the one who started dropping nazi references all over the place ? 
  i am the one who by any means advocates a policy that is both national and socialist at the same time ? 
  dude , really , if you 're not willing to have a damn dialogue then why write all these wall of text ? 
  just go back home and listen to your geert wilders youtube speeches , if that 's what you 're into . 
   and how does being a food and goods producer make you the right source of social and migration policy ? 
  you pay taxes , you contribute to society way more than your man commenting on reddit . 
  you want to hire the immigrant , the immigrant wants to be hired , the only one complaining is silverionmox who wants to be paid 10 times more as that brown person and do 10 times less work . 
  and why should i , the dutch owner of that factory hire him ? 
  there 's a reason small corner stores that would hire you started being replaced by franchised stores -- they 're just better and more efficient . 
   as i explained , lowering labor standards and overtaxing public services . 
  supply and demand 101 . 
  yet mysteriously the quality of life seems to be increasing continuously , both for the said underclass and the citizens of your own country that finally have access to services that should be affordable unless you artificially inflate the price of that work . 
  you might not like that the laptop you write your isolationist views on was made in taiwan , but the chinese sure like the skyrocketting quality of life . 
  and in the end whose quality of life decreased anyway ? 
  yes , you have higher unemployment rates . 
  but then again if you check _ any _ data from the 80s to the present day , all life quality factors have increased . 
  lifespan , education , take your pick . 
   medics are qualified and therefore will be able to gain entrance anyway . 
  i like it how you just read one word in an entire phrase . 
  these were n't medics . 
  these where brown people , immigrants and descendants of immigrants studying to become medics . 
  people ** you ** would have packed back home . 
  medical diplomas from various non-eu and non-developed world countries are n't necessarily recognized within the eu . 
   with permission of the country , while migration was restricted that restricted part is a bit relative . 
  i 'm quite sure that in the early 20th century forced repatriations where way less commonplace than nowdays . 
   sure , that can work . 
  meanwhile , the numerous illegals are stuck in the underclass . 
  that 's because they might be _ illegals _ ? 
  * nudge nudge wink wink *  you wo n't give them a better life , there 'll just be longer lines in the unemployment office . 
  explain me how all these unqualified migrants will be finding jobs where the previous ones did n't ? 
  by doing each other 's laundry ? 
  just google north korea . 
  them doing your laundry . 
  just ask yourself : why do n't the jobless immigrants leave ? 
  they do n't even leave while given cash incentives in denmark . 
  really , answer that question . 
   obviously `` the market '' ( read : big corp ) asks for a policy that would decrease wages . 
  it 's also some of those big corporations that made food and goods are available as they are today . 
  back when countries where more isolated and mom and pop stores where the norm , you also had more people living shitty lives . 
  i 'm not saying that corporations ca n't be downright abusive , i 'm just saying it 's childish to use them as universal bogeymen . 
   you were talking about lifting all restrictions . 
  give examples . 
  there is no country with 0 restrictions on immigration . 
  but one can see that less restrictive ones ( like canada , sweden ) do n't fare worse than more restrictive ones ( japan , denmark ) . 
  and by that i was pointing out to the fact that it 's better to be significantly less restrictive , since by restrictions you 're just hurting the immigrants . 
   the poorest of the world are n't able to afford the trip . 
  and by this you 're telling me that it 's alright to send back the still-quite-poor-but-not-yet-beggars ( i.e. 
  the ones that managed to get to your country by selling their life 's savings on the hope of a better life ) back ? 
   there is no labor shortage , no matter what big corp tells you . 
  except it 's not labor pretty college educated white people ( yes still unemployable ) like doing . 
  tough to convince a lit major to start cleaning toilets . 
  closing the borders never fixed the economy of a country . 
  but close your borders -- and you 'll see that it will be the pretty white people that will much rather emigrate to be accountants in new zealand rather than be dishwashers in zeeland . 
   you 're the one who is advocating to give them less rights than the citizens . 
  i 'm the one who wants to make them citizens ( just in case i was n't direct enough ) . 
  and i 'm the one who wants to give them the better life they want as well , the life they want . 
  sorry , spin it as much as possible , but there 's no way you can take the moral upper hand here . 
   importing a class of maids and servants for the herrenvolk is unacceptable for me . 
  [ 2nd time you lose the argument ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/godwin's_law ) . 
  as for class of maids and servants , look at how maidey and servanty asians living in vancouver are nowdays . 
  or italians living in new york . 
  or all those bajillion people of irish descent all over the us . 
  fuck , i just supervised a college exam for people that will probably end up being medics , and nearly half of them were such immigrants whom apparently are n't destined to be maids for the herrenvolk . 
  remember , the nazi 's themselves where rather big on isolationism and prioritizing their own . 
  at least read the cliffnotes version of national socialism before you start calling people literally hitler . 
   the solution is to build up something there , not to break down things here . 
  break what things ? 
  the soothing background noise of people not speaking foreign languages ? 
   you 're a hypocrite because you 're advocating a 1 % migration as the solution ... while the 99 % keep languishing in the same state you pretend to deplore . 
  a hypocrite for wanting to give millions a better life ? 
  you 're the one who 'd send north koreans back to kim jong un 's prisoner camps . 
   you fail to see the consequences of your policy . 
  you fail to check your doctrine against reality, 
   the problem is that these people wo n't incorporate in society and thus wo n't contribute anything truly meaningful to society . 
  the tax revenue from their work is meaningful , since it pays for schools and roads and hospitals and public servants  there is a disproportional amount of people that do not pass these tests that are also on welfare . 
  would n't it be more practical and feasible not to give them welfare rather than asking some uneducated 50-60 year-olds from some village in pakistan to learn dutch ? 
   even reduced social benefits will still be attractive , so there will remain a surplus of labor on the market , keeping wages low and unemployment high , therefore keeping taxes low and therefore keeping public services low . 
  increase the minimum wage and raise corporate taxes in that case . 
  you 're still ignoring the fact that those immigrants provide better work for less pay , and the market actively asks for them . 
   the point is that due to the wealth disparity even just education and healthcare sounds like heaven on earth for most of the world population . 
  and the countries that loosened their immigration policies did not instantly become unlivable hellholes . 
  in fact they tend to be rather nice places to live in . 
   the point is that due to the wealth disparity even just education and healthcare sounds like heaven on earth for most of the world population . 
  and if they actually make the effort of getting all the way to your country , they 're willing to do the jobs that the citizens abhor , there 's no proof that they have any sort of negative impact on the economy overall , so ... why kick them out ? 
   eh . . unemployment in europe is between 5 and 25 % : and that 's even for people who have average education and are familiar with the language and customs of the county they live in . 
  we 're in a financial crysis , dude . 
  unemployment was way higher before 2008 , [ while the immigration rate saw only a small increase ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/images/d/da/number_of_persons_having_acquired_the_citizenship_of_an_eu_member_state%2c_eu-27%2c_2001%e2%80%9311_%281_000%29_yb14.png ) that in no way can explain the sudden lack of jobs . 
   i refuse to live in a country with a class of untermenschen who do the dirty work . 
  then stop thinking of them or treating them as untermenschen .
