  i might be wrong though , i did n't exactly google the issue . 
   are you saying war is corruption and you are saying that lobbying is corruption ? 
  i 'm saying that corporate lobbying is legalised corruption and that the war on drugs was : a ) not an war per se , and b ) the direct cause of some _ really _ shady and unethical shit  as there is good reason as to why southern italy is still poorer - corruption . 
  or are they to stupid ? 
  hardly , and they receive tons of money each year btw . 
  that _ or _ creates a really unnecessary and false dichotomy . 
  i do n't really know why southern italy is poorer than the north , but i 'll go on a limb and say that historically the north has been more industrialised with an economy more stable than the dependant-on-good-weather agrarian south and most of all being closer to affluent states like france and switzerland and austria . 
  that is a simple and too convenient narrative . 
  and to a certain extent , false . 
  the us is quite corrupt , think of corporate lobbying , the war against drugs , richard nixon , cia 's involvement in central america , and so on . 
  all of these , yet it still remains the no 1 economic power in the world . 
  it 's just that in some economically advanced states , corruption is not something everyday people have to deal with , since the incentives of being a middle class corrupt person -- the bane of poor countries -- is simply gone . 
  there is simply no point in taking a $ 200 bribe as a doctor , if you already make 3k/month . 
  yet corruption at higher levels is as present as always -- just check any proper newspaper . 
  there are plenty of causes of poverty for sub saharan africa , all of them working together in maintaining the poverty trap they live in , and none of them simple and catchy enough to be put in just one sentence . 
  i 'd recommend [ this book ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/the-bottom-billion-poorest-countries/dp/0195374630/ref=sr_1_1/276-4097081-6691509 ) for a more detailed look , written by an actual expert on the problem . 
    and if japan lost it 's innovative edge  did they ever have any in comparison to western europe/us . 
  loads of it , especially during the 90s ( see michael crichton 's racist novel , rising sun )   because of it 's rapidly ageing population  unlike western europe ... ... which is filled with immigrants ( myself included )  i think the innovation issue is complex , but i do think corruption is a factor . 
  yes , of course . 
  i was just saying that corruption is a byproduct of poverty , which i would say is the main and strongest reason richer countries get the innovative edge, 
  [ oh , but ireland is _ exactly _ rich ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/images/8/8f/volume_indices_of_gdp_and_aic_per_capita%2c_2012%2c_eu-28%3d100.png ), 
   add bureaucracy and corruption to that that might also be an ingrained part of perhaps not the cultural collective mind in bulgaria , but it seems to be a constant background again , depends -- i would say that corruption and poverty are inextricably linked , by which i mean poverty will almost always produce a corrupt ruling class within a few years , and that ruling class will cling on to power even in times of economic boom . 
  of course , there are other factors , such as the corporate culture of your neighbours ( which is always highly professional in countries that have been rich for decades ) , which can accelerate the progress of your country ( i 'll make a risky bet and say this has been a decisive factor in the baltic states getting an economical edge on central-eastern europe ) . 
  as for the bureaucracy -- france has loads of it , and somehow still makes do . 
  i 'm not saying it 's not an obvious drawback ( even for a developed country like france ) , and for certain it is something that should be made obsolete asap . 
  but i doubt it that if tomorrow bureaucracy would disappear overnight you 'd have mass protests complaining about the loss of a crucial element of cultural identity in the balkans . 
  what you would have would be mass protests from all those people who lost their sweet but completely useless jobs in an oversized public sector . 
  which is a legacy of communism . 
  so you could tie it to our culture somehow , but also remove it in 20 years without hurting the cultural id . 
  provided you find enough bravery in politicians to fire a few hundred thousand people , of course . 
   there is no economic reasons for japan to be less innovative , or south korea . 
  there are a few good decades of political stability and economic well being that results directly into loads of money poured into r&d . and if japan lost it 's innovative edge it 's only because of it 's rapidly ageing population . 
  maybe you 're partly right though , and there might be a cultural factor there too -- mainly them ( japan ) not really being friendly towards immigrants , which could really fill up some of the job vacancies . 
   it is not only that , it also have to do with something as elusive as culture . 
  that 's the problem with the cultural argument -- it 's elusive . 
  is the east _ way _ more prone to corruption than the west ? 
  yes . 
  the south more than the north ? 
  yes . 
  but then again it 's been decades if not centuries since this area has been significantly poorer than others in europe . 
  if you take a romanian/serb/ukrainian and move them to the west , they 'll be able to cope perfectly with the lack of corruption there , but less able to cope with things that are truly cultural marks of their land : the small do 's and do n't 's in conversations ( cf the answer to the `` how 's it going ? '', 
  question ) , the local cuisine , the idea of what makes a party , and so on . 
  that 's why i contend to say it 's hardly the cultural bias that makes the east less innovative rather than the economical factors . 
  it 's not a scientific argument by any means , but that 's the thing -- `` culture '' is defined in such a way that one can never gauge properly it 's effect on a society 's economy . 
  edit : werds, 
  completely unrelated , i googled the meaning of _ sycophantic _ and i got _ obsequious _ as a result . 
  thanks google for making it easy for non native speakers ... 
  itt : some countries are poor , others are rich, 
  it does n't matter if you were referring to the love child of francis urquhart and margaret thatcher . 
  the nazi card was really the worst argument you 've ever made , which is quite a shame given that generally you have solid and researched posts . 
  whoa , i see you just proved irrefutably that the brits are literally hitler, 
   western europeans are pretty much responsible for history greatest evils . 
  well , i guess we 're lucky we live in the present, 
  i would 've sworn bulgaria would be more like our summer destination of choice, 
  this is fantastic . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll totally abuse your initial goodwill now , and ask if you have any links to some pdfs ( textbooks/college courses ) that explain this into a bit more detail , but at a first/second year undergraduate level . 
   difficulties recently in part because they did n't have their own currency would you care to expand on that ? 
  the stereotyping almost made me puke , but the conclusion about a common fiscal policy is pretty sound, 
   is n't physics mainly done using maths and understanding what the maths means or represent when interpreted ? 
  of course physics is nothing but applied maths , but the way it 's taught is heavily reliant on graphs . 
  you also make a fair point by saying that someone who already excelled in maths can make a good physicist . 
   and i think giving blind people the opportunity to get the education they want and a meaningful job is important . 
  i agree with most of what you 're saying here . 
  basically i would let the kid get the spot , but i would also insist that the teachers should not be blamed for the eventual shortcomings of his future education . 
  well , the issue of this whole debate is where does that bias come from ? 
  is it because physicists dislike blind people ( even though more than half of them are myopic ) ? 
  or is it that physics itself is one of the subjects taught in highschool most reliant of visual representations -- after painting and ( maybe ) biology ? 
  and of course this issue gets compounded by the fact that education for such students tends to be lacking . 
  think of it like this : most of the things you 're taught in physics was found using visual representations by people , taught to others using better visual representations ( ripple in a pond , vibrating chord ) , and you learned them using your own visual representation . 
  now try explaining that to somebody who never saw a thing in their life . 
  i 'm sure it can be done , but then again i also think it takes a team of specialists collaborating with those 2-3 born-blind scientists for a few years to get something remotely workable . 
    the idea is that blind physicists are extraordinarily rare exceptions . 
   what are you basing that on ? 
  never met or even saw a blind physicist . 
  the idea is that blind physicists are extraordinarily rare exceptions . 
  not because they 're intrinsically dumber that people with 20/20 eyesight , not because there 's some general bias against blind people in physics , but because all the current teaching methods ( that i 'm aware of ) are heavily reliant of visual aids . 
  and i agree , teaching science to the blind is an issue that should be addressed . 
  i 'm just saying that one department of one university saying that they 're not up to the task is not something you 'd necessarily want to crucify them for . 
   i see , and that must never change , huh ? 
  yes , of course . 
  but asking some people that have 0 experience in teaching visually impaired students to suddenly take up an extremely daunting task even for a specialist in the education of the blind is not only unfair towards the teachers , but also the student whose education would definitely be severely sub par . 
  what we should have is more pedagogy research programs aimed at teaching children with various disabilities . 
   he 's far from the only blind scientist . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_blind_people#mathematicians_and_scientists[2] that 's 7 people . 
  out of which half went blind well into their adult years, 
  of course , but it 's the way 99.999 % of the researchers represent and analyse data . 
  and it 's those researchers that teach highly specialised subjects in universities , and they just do n't _ know _ any other way to deal with data, 
   it 's only a subset or any part of experimental physics that inherently requires vision . 
  no , i 'm afraid that 's false . 
  almost all physics is about staring at a graph and trying to figure out what 's weird about it and why, 
   he could do theoretical physics how ? 
  the whole teaching paradigm for theoretical physics still relies heavily on figures and visual aids ( feynman diagrams , band structure diagrams , etc ) . 
  it 's unfair but the teaching of physics was never adapted to blind people . 
  i honestly doubt the fact that they 're rejecting him because they hate blind people , rather that they reject him because the university just does n't have a staff trained in teaching them . 
  i really loved [ marilena de la p7 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mz4v7j7sbwo ) . 
  and though depressive [ 4,3,2 ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1032846/http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1032846/ ) credibly represents the abusive stance of some people that are just a bit higher in the social ladder than others . 
  i know . 
  i find russians extremely easy to get along with . 
  i never kiss the forehead of my best friends or sisters -- that would be just weird .
