  again , this is nothing against french or the french people per se . 
  it 's about how _ choosing _ to have your announcer express themselves to 37 nations in a language only 3 of them speak can come off as rude rather than a celebration of diversity in europe . 
  especially when you 're _ the only one _ doing it . 
  or maybe putin 's fans are n't eurovision 's no 1 audience . 
  also , eurovision actually seems to be a thing in the gay community . 
  the spaniards did n't announce their points in spanish . 
  and the hispanophones outnumber the francophones like a trillion to one . 
  nobody was complaining about the french in the song * , they where complaining about the announcer -- * which btw , was a pretty good song and definitely did not deserve the last spot in the finals, 
  dude , your country had a song about child abuse, 
   language is as much a part of history as it is a part of culture , and history should be preserved . 
  yeah , except eurovision is supposed to be this tacky spectacle that can be enjoyed internationally . 
  so trying to speak the lingua franca wo n't be the end of the world, 
  the french speaking was really douchey , tbh, 
  how come tcd only appears in one ranking ? 
  are n't you the savvy economist, 
  cheers, 
  source ? 
  [ the wikipedia data is a bit obsolete ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euro_convergence_criteria#fulfillment_of_criteria ) . 
  would be nice to see how we fare now, 
  we want to join it now . 
  the question is when will we meet the necessary criteria, 
  that seems a rather uninspired choice , for a phd in science, 
  why could n't you sleep with your sister/a female cousin you get along with really well the same way you would sleep with a male friend ? 
  country ? 
  flair ? 
   really it 's like filling up a bus yes !, 
  exactly !, 
  i like how the swedes in this thread cover the full range between _ no way !, 
  not ever !, 
  gross !!, 
  ! _ and _ shared a bed naked with a mate while drunk . 
  no biggie . _, 
  what country are you from ? 
  ^ ^ ^ flair ^ ^ ^ up !, 
  [ hue ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/romania/comments/24adjf/is_this_normal_for_romanians/ch5ujf7 ), 
  how about visiting a friend overseas , and they do n't have a couch , but they have a large double bed ? 
  would you rather sleep on the floor , or on one side of that double bed , knowing that it 's large enough to accommodate both of you comfortably ? 
  basically i was extremely suprised to find out that it 's generally frowned upon to sleep in the same bed with someone who 's visiting and spending the night over , even if there 's more than enough bed space available . 
  we just generally see it as necessary to maximise the comfyness of the sleeping area for each individual . 
  edit : also my norwegian housemate has had friends from norway , spain and finland sleep over , and they shared a bed . 
  yeah , misread that, 
  joke aside , i ca n't find any solid data , it 's just that when i visited london i heard people speak romanian quite often and i bought a local newspaper printed in romanian at a random newsstand . 
  had to google , aparently piss is vizelet . 
  and also a sign that our knowledge of hungarian is vizelet-poor . 
  [ bor is wine , afaik ] ( http://translate.google.com/#hu/en/viz ), 
  cutting hands in congo . 
   it makes you more cool and more in tune with the west to have a negative opinion about romanians , even though there is no romanian immigrant population to speak of in your country . 
  no romanian immigration in the uk ?!? 
  there 's fucking _ tons _ of romanians there, 
  biased conversation , liberal bias , bias voltage ... 
  using _ p\u0103rtinitor _ in anything that does n't involve a debate/trial just sounds a bit weird to me , i guess . 
  no romanian word for it either . 
  i 'm always forced to use the english version . 
  take a nap . 
  read again . 
  no , it does n't count . 
  i would n't start a relationship with a man . 
  that does n't mean i think gay men are not worthy of love or a relationship . 
  i was very candidly honest about it and i said that personally i would feel insecure about starting a long term dedicated relationship with her . 
  most people on / r/romania ( girls included ) admitted a similar reluctance . 
  nobody insinuated anything about her not being a person that 's allowed to love and nobody said anything about her being lesser human being and nobody said anything about her not having the right to go in a relationship . 
  which is pretty much what most people on / r/romania was saying . 
  / u/geoatreides is throroughly misrepresenting the discussion ( and being a massive dick about it as well ), 
  eh , would n't say that i integrated quite flawlessly . 
  no matter where i move and how much i 'll try to integrate i will always have my little eastern european/romanian/transylvanian idiosyncrasies . 
  if i adapted well , it was mostly because of my level of english . 
  cultural barriers tend to be a bit overestimated . 
  what really counts when moving to a new place is being able to interact with the locals , and in big cities you 'll always find locals that share your interests , provided you speak the local language well enough to crack a joke every now and then . 
  it 's always easier to socialise with someone who shares your interests regardless of their nationality than your neighbour who 's just not into the same things you are . 
  case in point : whenever romanians start talking about football ( which is quite often , mind you ) i find myself really unable to add to the conversation since football was never really my thing . 
  well , i could fill in a whole wall of text and still not be halfway done . 
  here 's just a few points : - i really enjoy the fact that a lot of the social activities seem to revolve around pubs . 
  love of drinking is one thing eastern europe sure has in common with ireland . 
  however the ladette culture is really not a thing in eastern europe . 
  - the people are rather welcoming , though reserved by eastern european standards . 
  i found it a bit puzzling initially that people would be so open to have a conversation in a pub , but then backing out when the conversation became a bit more personal . 
  it 's very subtle , but it 's there . 
  all this being said , the irish are one of the friendliest and nicest people that i 've ever met . 
  - the weather sucks big time . 
  i 'm quite an indoors person myself and it still manages to bother me . 
  - dublin at least is extremely immigrant friendly ( if one ignores the scumbags ) , which is great . 
  even though i come from a country generally disliked in europe , i never felt at all discriminated or patronized for my ethnicity in ireland ( actually , there was this one time with a taxi driver , but it was nothing major ) . 
  i really love walking on streets filled with people and stores and restaurants from all the corners of the world . 
  it 's something i could n't really get home in romania , and having had the opportunity of knowing , living and working with people from all over the globe is one of the best things that ever happened to me . 
  - people are way more polite and also less direct than in eastern europe . 
  where in romania your boss would tell you directly that your work sucks , here it 's always so indirect that it 's rather easy to miss a criticism which you should have taken into account . 
  also people are way less touchy feely here , which i blame on the weather -- fucking impossible to hold hands with a girl when there 's the coldest wettest wind in all existence blowing at 100km/h on your hand . 
  - someone should hand flyers at the airport saying `` thou shalt not say anything negative about father ted '' - the way you discuss politics is about a million times more mature than the way it 's discussed in romania - irish humor is really not as offensive as irish people like to describe it . 
  - i 'm still perplexed by the fact that though miles ahead of romania in terms of acceptance for sexual minorities and gender equality , abortions are still illegal here and all girls ' and all boys ' schools ( where uniforms are also compulsory ! ), 
  are still a thing . 
  and that 's barely scratching the surface . 
  anyways , bottom line , i really like it here . 
  so far dublin and london are the only places i would consider living in europe . 
  ask away if you have any other questions . 
   but go ahead , argue why the us is bad . 
  i however , will not join in . 
  i said that the us is the world 's no 1 economical power ( to which i 'll now add no 1 technological innovator and leader in the entertainment business ) _ in spite _ of having a rather corrupt upper echelon . 
  that 's not by any means saying that the us sucks . 
   that is lobbying too you know , fighting for cleaner air etc corporate lobbying ? 
  i doubt pro-environment activists donate any significant sum of money to political campaigns .
