  no transylvanian flag ? 
  bezbojnic , i am disappoint, 
  well , as long as a foreigner ca n't officially buy land it 's still a rather nationalistic law . 
  either way , i 'd love to see a comparison of the restriction for land buying in different eu countries, 
  greece had one iirc , though i do n't think greece has a much better portrayal in the media than hungary, 
   francois hollande neither old ( by politicians ' standards ) or competent so far so three examples left : churchill post war , ron paul , general macarthur in korea + [ gaius marius ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaius_marius#seventh_consulship_and_death ), 
  stuff like hungary not selling land to foreigners is the thing that sold that article to me . 
  i ca n't really understand how such a measure could be considered kosher in today 's europe, 
  there 's a saying in my country : one flower does not make spring . 
  if you want to play the examples game : ratzinger . 
  i really doubt that 's generally the case . 
  generally old people just tend to be conservative . 
  back in the `` old days '' you could have a custom mouseover text over the flag . 
  i guess the old flairs never got modified to the newer version, 
  cheers , i did n't know what msp and uav stand for . 
  still , the idea of my statement was that it 's hard to understand what a post is about when it 's written with many unexplained acronyms and names of people whom a non native would not know who they should be . 
  it would help if redditors ( especially from the uk ) would either abstain from using acronyms or kindly expand them in brackets . 
  just in this thread  snp  msp  uav  atm yes , we can always google their meaning , but that just breaks the flow when reading these threads, 
  ^ solid science, 
  romanian ? 
  well , you 're not one of * those * romanians ... 
  from reporters without borders :  hungary ( 56th , -16 ) is still paying the price of its repressive legislative reforms , which had a major impact on the way journalists work [ [ source ] ( http://en.rsf.org/press-freedom-index-2013,1054.html ) ] granted , although lagging behind most european countries it 's still better off than italy , greece or even bulgaria . 
  it 's doing way worse than the uk press , though . 
  uk press which has some of the best sources of information out there , such as the bbc or the economist as a citizen of a former communist state , i can relate to your anger towards the communist mafia . 
   if and when there are shelters , would you want to allow pissy , smelly , alcholic , disgusting refuse of formally dignified human beings to use a public bench as a bedroom ? 
  well , this is the type of discourse that does n't do your point much favour . 
  personally i think that `` pissy , smelly , alcoholic , disgusting refuse '' should be helped in a more humanitarian way rather that coerced into submission with repressive laws and shelters that act as de-facto prisons, 
  yes , but the bad news we get about hungary is usually concerned with abuses of power , limiting the freedom of the press and laws about criminalising homelessness , subject on which you do n't touch . 
  also wikipedia informs me that fidesz gained power in 2010 , therefore some of the progress you point out is compared against other fidesz years . 
  all that being said , blind bidding for medicine seems like a pretty neat idea . 
  also i hope posts like this one become a trend here on / r/europe . 
  what 's a caretaker prime minister , and could we get a bit more context on this ? 
  in order to be useful for research in neurobiology first of all you need a brain, 
  * pssst * wrong thread, 
  viable alternative = atomistic simulations of a fully grown organism . 
  good luck waiting for that , buddy, 
  on the other hand mcdonalds is one of the few fast foods where you can get the nutritional information for whatever you 're eating . 
  plus it tastes good , and as long as you keep your calorie count in check , mcdonalds/burger king are rather good places to eat , imho, 
   actually , some people do get hooked by coca-cola and drink 1-2 litres of it every day . 
  switching to diet coke cures the problem almost instantly . 
  now every time i try the regular one it just feels way too sugary and slightly nauseating , tbh, 
   do n't forget this next time you are so upset with your perception of how ayn rand treats the government . 
  i see her view of the government and the free market ( i.e. 
  anarcho-capitalism ) as ridiculously childish . 
  as i also see marxism-lenininsm , i assure you . 
  economically , i 'd consider myself a social liberal -- because some things are better off not left to private enterprises ( like prisons or hospitals ) , while others are ( arts , most of the food production , some technology , etc ) . 
   characters did n't need introducing back then . 
  well , that 's my point . 
  i 'm saying that as a work of literature , it 's dated . 
  no , i 'm not denying its historical significance , and in no way am i trying to downplay its importance . 
  what i am saying is that if you market it as a tale enjoyable by modern people -- well , very few average people will actually enjoy it . 
  kinda like the bible -- important book , shaped our modern culture , but it still does n't mean it 's enjoyable to read 5 pages of `` x beget y beget z beget ... '' if you 're not one of the very select minority who has a thing for ancient writings, 
   it seems to me that we read different books . 
  yes , i `` read '' the unabridged audiobook . 
   even the rich ( like dagny taggard , john galt ) do dirty jobs to earn for a living because they consider every honest job to be honorable . 
  and every honest job has nothing to do with the government  and not all rich in the story are `` good '' . 
  yes , you have those that looted through the government , or do business with the government to hide their intrinsic incompetence ( james taggard )  one of very relevant examples is a honest banker who was forced by some demagogues to make sub-prime loans ( and see how well it played out in 2008 ) i 'm pretty sure that in 2008 it was n't the us government forcing the bankers to make subprime loans . 
   i doubt that you 've read atlas . 
  again , you 're right . 
  i did n't . 
  i listened to it being read to me entirely on my trips to and from work . 
   sing , o goddess , the anger of achilles son of peleus , that brought countless ills upon the achaeans . 
  many a brave soul did it send hurrying down to hades , and many a hero did it yield a prey to dogs and vultures , for so were the counsels of jove fulfilled from the day on which the son of atreus , king of men , and great achilles , first fell out with one another . 
   and which of the gods was it that set them on to quarrel ? 
  it was the son of jove and leto ; for he was angry with the king and sent a pestilence upon the host to plague the people , because the son of atreus had dishonoured chryses his priest . 
  now chryses had come to the ships of the achaeans to free his daughter , and had brought with him a great ransom : moreover he bore in his hand the sceptre of apollo wreathed with a suppliant 's wreath and he besought the achaeans , but most of all the two sons of atreus , who were their chiefs . 
  i counted 7 names introduced in the first two paragraphs . 
  i do n't think there 's any editor or writing teacher that would accept that as a proper way of introducing characters . 
  she also considers a teacher was right to die in a train crash because she dared to vote . 
  then there 's some bdsm fantasies about with rich people and repeated explanations about how any sort of help given to the needy is the worst crime one could commit . 
  and the only good characters are those who learn calculus at a very young age by themselves . 
  and business savvy genius chemists . 
   she is far from a bad writer if you like cardboard cartoony characters repeating the same \u00fcber-libertarian ideas again and again in two volumes , daphne . 
  while i can understand you defending the aesthetic merits of ancient greek writings , i just ca n't possibly fathom your reasons for considering ayn rand 's works quality literature . 
  i have n't met a single non-lit major who read the illiad and found it thrilling . 
  i can honestly state that it 's one of the most boring things i ever laid eyes upon . 
  i 'm sorry , call me an uncultured slob , but i find even the average pulp novel you buy at the newspaper stand for a bus ride better structured and a more pleasant read than the illiad . 
  really , storytelling evolved * a lot * during the last 2000 years . 
  i 'm just saying the guns really help the nut quite a bit . 
  also , do you have a citation for the casualties in those knife attacks ? 
  guns do n't kill people , but i 'd still like to see someone go on a killing rampage with a pair of scissors . 
  try / r/europecirclejerk ( it actually exists ! ), 
  i 'm from cluj and my vote goes to bucharest . 
  at least i 'll enjoy my final few days until i 'll be shot for treason by an angry mob of cluj natives, 
   btw are there any female politicians who are actually hot ? 
  yulia tymoshenko , cristina elisabet fern\u00e1ndez and ( yes , i am ashamed of myself ) sarah palin, 
  i just find him a bit overrated . 
  i mean his movies are definitely watchable , but none of them are actual works of art . 
  to be honest , even as a sci-fi aficionado i find t2 to be boring and unimaginative . 
  yes , his movies have excellent special effects , and for all it 's being said against it avatar was immersive and nice to look at . 
  but in the end none of his films has a truly good story . 
  they 're just glorified popcorn flicks . 
  an interesting article ? 
  it 's at best inflamatory crap . 
  ` do open borders help criminals ( meaning ** romanian and bulgarian ** scum ) more than honest citizens ? 
  ' , and continues to enumerate a couple of testimonies about some copper being stolen . 
  no proof that crime rates have risen in europe since romania & bulgaria joined the eu , no nothing . 
  but it is a sensationalist title , and may very well be taken as fact & proof by people who are less skeptical and more prone to hate on immigrants . 
  i 'm sorry ajehals , but this article is a massive dose of crap , nothing more . 
   is ajehals ' mother a filthy std-ridden cheap whore ?
