  dude , you 're a nazi -- the only people who would ever agree with you are the most uneducated and violent and antisocial and hardcore substance abusing and overall despicable members of any society . 
  fuck , even your username is childishly outr\u00e9 . 
  all your little fantasies about nationalism , all those stories and what ifs you concoct are just the vain hopes of making an excuse for your rather shitty life and personality . 
  it 's not the world that 's shitty , it 's not the gay-loving liberals , it 's not those evil kazachok-dancing russians , chodey , it 's you the little stain on the face of this planet . 
  everything you stand for is the _ issue _ with this world , the isolationism , the xenophobia , the violent urges , the entitlement that comes with the feeling that you were wronged , that you were deprived of a somewhat glorious destiny by history . 
  you were n't . 
  you are the sole reason for every shitty thing in your life . 
  dunno , had some good chats with a couple of finns and more than a couple of poles in my lifetime . 
  and a brief but enchanting talk with an estonian recently . 
  here 's a thought experiment : sort people by their intelligence quotient . 
  i 'm pretty sure the upper 15th percentile would consider me a way more sensible and down to earth person by at least an order of magnitude compared to you . 
  but yeah , if we talk to varg vikernes , i 'm sure he 'll prefer you . 
  you know what , i 'm even sure that if your ideal fascist romanian state , it would still prefer my interethnic yet moderately accomplished ass over your good for nothing sewer punk shit for brains persona . 
  do you really think that antonescu or codreanu dreamt of a romania filled with fuckers like you that just listen to gg allin , play starcraft and jerk off all day ? 
  put that neuron of yours to work once and listen to the tonnes of shit your mouth spews out . 
  end all that pain . 
  the pain of being a sorry lonely aryan superman in a world filled with untermenschen , never even having been able to even hold hands with a girl * . 
  just imagine !, 
  just one easy jump away ... -- * one that qualifies as a homo sapiens and has a heartbeat anyway, 
  you know what would make it all end , chodey ? 
  you jumping off a tall building . 
  no more pesky liberal folk like me in the afterlife , only those good ol' nationalist leaders you idolise so much . 
  just one jump , chodey . 
  you 're a brave boy , you can do it !, 
  i know . 
  but someone should tell this to the policymakers in russia . 
  pustlence ? 
  chodey , do you even spellcheck ? 
  just to irk you even more , i briefly dated a russian girl once , significantly hotter than anything you 've ever dated ( most likely your aunt 's livestock ) , 0 regrets , ya nazi twat  die . 
   you judging a film which you have n't even seen is not biased at all well , you kinda have to ( no / s ) . 
  otherwise you 'd be spending all your life watching shitty films like norbit instead of giving 12 angry men a try, 
  it 's on my watchlist now, 
  that 's because most of the ones that would , are dead and buried + it 's doing quite well economically speaking . 
  the memory of the communist dictatorship is still alive in the memories of many a russian . 
  and the average russian does n't really have the education or the comfortable life of a german . 
  perchance it was me using expressions like * i 'm expecting * and * i bet that * ? 
  because you 're absolutely right !, 
  however you have to admit that the post itself is rather biased , the jewish holocaust did end up with 6 million people dead forever , you know . 
  and if i find out the movie has at least one russian presented in a positive light , i will put it on my imdb watchlist immediately . 
   it may be antirussian propaganda but its also the truth . 
  the truth generally presents both the evil and the humanity on both sides . 
  for instance , i found the bbc documentary the world at war to be a rather clear , detailed and as close to unbiased as you can get about that time . 
  mostly because it manages to present the humans lost in a conflict bigger than themselves . 
  remember , there was an amon goeth , but then again there 's also an oskar schindler . 
  do you want to bet that no humane russian will be mentioned of in this film ? 
  the soviet communist regime was evil , but honestly i 'm more worried by the fact that whenever i read news about post-smolensk poland , it 's generally `` something , something , russians evil '' . 
  yes , katyn was bad , yes they had it _ really _ bad during ww2 , and kinda bad during the communism that followed . 
  after all , germany was n't exactly nice to poland in ww2 , but somehow i only read news about poland and germany it generally has to do with good and mutually beneficial trade . 
  why am i expecting that documentary to turn into anti-russian propaganda rather than being an honest to god and unbiased investigation on what exactly happened and what exactly is being done about it ? 
  well , 2 seconds of google landed me [ here ] ( http://www.polishforums.com/food-drink-8/pizza-ketchup-served-only-poland-37024/ ) , so i guess it 's an eastern european thing . 
  nvm , still more normal than pasta salad, 
  i find it one of the most annoying things about europe in general , this overall culinary chauvinism that permeates the entire continent . 
  the southern europeans are the main culprits here , always bitching about the `` american '' habits of having ketchup on your pizza , or how shitty the olive oil is outside of their home country . 
  hey , i mean you americans did come up with some pretty practical and neat things when it comes to food , and it 's a bit of a shame that one of the very few pan-european traits is the fact that we have to be always quite verbal in expressing our disgust at the american culinary habits . 
   and what followed was a mass movement against socialist and collectivist programs i 'm pretty sure the ussr being the absolute bad guy was a bigger factor in that shift . 
  also wikipedia states :  following the second world war , president harry truman called for universal health care as a part of his fair deal in 1949 but strong opposition stopped that part of the fair deal . 
  [ 14 ] [ 15 ] however , in 1946 the national mental health act was passed , as was the hospital survey and construction act , or hill-burton act . 
  in 1951 the irs declared group premiums paid by employers as a tax-deductible business expense , [ 6 ] which solidified the third-party insurance companies ' place as primary providers of access to health care in the united states . 
   if any major figure from the roman republic was resurrected , let 's say cato the younger well , i choose clodius to disprove your claim about the virtues of the republic, 
  i think that we can safely say that most conditions enumerated by / u/shenpen where more or less present in pre ww2 us , and then it drifted into fdr 's new deal -- not quite your libertarian utopia . 
  so ... qed i guess, 
  generally no , in this case however , it is the contradiction i think it is . 
  / u/shenpen did n't say libertarianism would arise as a backlash from these anti-libertarian conditions as much as they would be a needed foundation for a smooth transition towards it, 
   never heard of brazil ? 
  yes , i eat feijoada weekly with my brazilian colleagues . 
  and i 'm generally quite a brazilophile . 
  my point was that portugal is n't at all rich compared to other european states , in spite of having been a big colonial power , while finland on the other hand is doing quite well , even if it was at the historical shitty side of things ( cf : `` finland was once a colony itself '' ) . 
   yes , if you 're french you can work 36 hours a week with a comfortable pension , and this seems mighty efficient . 
  well , colonialism and modern wealth are not necessarily linked . 
  portugal and finland would probably be enough of an example to cement the previous statement . 
  i doubt that the luxury the modern french enjoy is directly linked to excruciating poverty in sudan . 
   it 's putting them at a competitive advantage to milk producers in haiti , who could easily fill the gap in the market that your hypothetical french milk producer created by shutting down production . 
  well , it 's not necessarily a binary thing , since some resources are more needed than others . 
  yes , state subsidies four your country 's first person shooter video game industry are idiotic , but having vital supplies strongly dependant on a nation as fickle and unstable as haiti is pure madness . 
  of course , full self-sufficiency is itself an idiotic nationalistic pipe dream . 
  and i guess that 's a major force in the formation of the eu , we 're all ridiculously dependant on trade with other european countries , so that 's why we need to take measures to make sure that there 's a more or less constant stream of goods . 
  the spice must flow . 
  yes , you 're right . 
  i need however to rephrase efficiency . 
  i think efficiency can be viewed differently from the point of view of the company and society . 
  efficiency for a company is gauged solely by their profit rates . 
  for the point of view of society as a whole , efficiency is gauged by the constant easy access to various goods/utilities . 
  for example : for a milk producer in one region it might be profitable to shut down or increase the price of milk by 200 % . 
  however , on the community itself this not only creates a shortage of milk , but also a loss of jobs that provide the money to buy that much needed milk . 
  and that 's where some good old government protectionism is needed either to subsidise the production of milk in the region , or partially cover the costs of the imported milk . 
  we disagree ( i think ) at the point where you identify efficiency by profit rates alone , and i identify it with the potential to earn money in the future if one puts the right amount of effort into management, 
   this is not a set of arguments of libertarianism , but merely an examination of the conditions for it becoming popular . 
  and i was n't debating libertarianism , i was pointing out that the conditions you think favour a libertarian system are anti-libertarian from the start . 
   so for example it is entirely irrelevant whether state funded schools are better at creating mass literacy or not - the point here is simply that having many private , ngo , church options reduces the desire for them . 
  more or less . 
  people will still want the best available educational system . 
   also it is a category mistake to introduce elements from another ideology in the checking of the chances of an ideology . 
  i 'm not a philosopher by any means , but it seems to me very unpragmatic not to consider competing systems when discussing the validity of one . 
   it is better to consider these things from the viewpoint of the average citizen who is not ideological . 
  well , if you postulate a world where libertarianism is the only system available , of course libertarianism will directly become the best available option . 
  otherwise a fully rational chicago-school individual ( as are those needed to sustain libertarianism ) will weigh in the advantages and disadvantages of various systems and subsequently push forward the one that gives them the most benefits . 
   it should be interpreted this way : if you do not have this condition , of not being dominated by foreigners , then the people will not be interested in libertarian ideas because they will want an import tax . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't understand at all what you 're trying to say here . 
   east and south has more the kind of nationalism that does not like for example domestic markets dominated by international firms . 
  if i recall correctly you where hungarian .
