  they need to come to your country , they 're willing to do the shittiest work possible to live in your country , and you want to revoke the untermensch status by sending them back to the villages where people starve and die by the age of 50 ? 
  so humane and considerate of you ...  unrestricted migration just serves to hollow out worker 's rights . 
  no , worker 's rights & safety and migration restrictions are managed by entirely different laws in general . 
  as i was saying , the vast majority of any country 's citizens would fail _ really _ hard at your average citizenship test . 
   this is n't really comparable to those situations of course , these people are significantly browner and with fewer money to spare on vacation houses . 
  make 'em lighter and teach them some java and not speaking dutch will magically not be a problem anymore . 
  issue which you diverted to immigrants expecting to be served in their native language or english . 
  to which i asked you to provide evidence of the existence of these elusive creatures . 
  we were talking about immigrants not speaking the language of the country they 're in , and what rights they should or should not have , and i was using my personal experience with non-english speaking immigrants in ireland . 
  i doubt that the case of non dutch speaking immigrants in holland is significantly different . 
   i simply talked about foreigners who expect to be served in their language ( or english ) in a foreign country . 
  who are these fictitious foreigners you 're talking about ? 
  is it me ? 
  because if i 'm taking a trip to amsterdam i 'm expecting to be served in english just like any tourist ever . 
  if my work sends me to the netherlands for 6 months , i 'd like no not have to spend the previous 5 years trying to learn dutch for those couple of weekends i might go out during those 6 months . 
  but if i 'm _ moving _ to the netherlands i wo n't be expecting to sign the citizenship forms in english . 
  but _ that _ is not the issue expressed in this article , because it 's not something that foreigners generally want . 
  if i 'm wrong , please , prove it . 
   that 'll just cause a convergence to the bottom of worldwide living standards due to overtaxing of public services and cutthroat tax rate competition . 
  [ citation needed ] the us is pretty stingy on social benefits and it constantly receives masses of immigrants . 
   schooling and medical care ? 
  that 's more than most of the citizens of the world get . 
  you probably would let people die on the street because they 're filthy immigrants ( probably even brown ! ), 
  and refuse education for their children , but i 'm just not that type of person . 
   who cares about citizenship ? 
  they 've already got their ticket to prosperity . 
  well , they work , they pay taxes from which you the citizen get benefits . 
  after a few years of doing that , they could be given the right to vote and the security that comes with being a citizen of the country you 've been living in peacefully for years . 
  i do n't know , i regularly meet people who only speak a very sketchy english yet they do the menial jobs that more educated foreign language speaking folk like me or the locals would most likely shun from . 
  and i do hope that the irish do n't start repatriating these people en masse . 
  but not about foreigners expecting the opressed locals to speak their language , until you derailed the conversation, 
  if you will read my posts in this thread you will see that i totally encourage people to act like your parents and learn the local language of the country the plan to settle it . 
  really , congrats to your parents , i really hope one day all parents in europe will afford to retire to sunny coastal cities , and that a wide majority of them will have learned the local language even before moving there . 
  most likely when i 'll get old i will want to do the same thing . 
  what i 'm saying is that there _ should n't _ be a backlash against people which for whatever reason choose not to learn the local language , _ but _ they really do n't hurt anyone by staying there . 
  no , because it was not about dutch being forced by the dutch government to learn english . 
  and if english is a mandatory language in dutch schools , i 'm pretty sure the dutch do n't mind, 
   i would mind a foreign citizen who expect this kind of service to be given to him except that 's almost never the case ( and most definitely not the issue discussed here ) , so there 's nothing for you to mind . 
  again , if i would decide to move to spain or argentina or ( even better ) uruguay , i would totally learn spanish like a maniac . 
  it 's just that i think it 's a way better world where i have a personal choice between choosing to learn the local language to immerse myself in the local culture , to interact with local people , and slowly turn into a local rather than having to learn that language under the very serious threat of being repatriated . 
  yes , i also think it 's stupid and shortsighted not to at least try to learn the local language of the country you plan to settle , but heck , as long as you 're really not hurting anyone ... why should you be threatened ? 
  in my book , that that is more like a choice . 
  personally , i would n't kick anyone out of my country because they do n't speak romanian as long as they 're peaceful and obey the local laws . 
  all the better if they decide to spend some cash or work as well . 
  but hey , if you want to kick out all those people living in your country that do n't speak spanish because you 're offended , given that most contribute to the rather ailing economy of spain , well ... it 's your choice i guess . 
  but neither are all official documents and all congress meetings translated into spanish , afaik, 
  i was n't suggesting a policy , i was pointing out how the proposed policy can be quite unfair . 
  i guess i 'd choose a policy that has both right and left leaning elements ( and thus not please anyone ) : a. anyone that 's in the country and does n't break the law is free to stay or leave . 
  so i 'll most likely get a lot of people working cheaply , paying taxes , etc. 
  depending on the law you break , you can go to jail , get repatriated or just not bothered if you happened to be jaywalking . 
  b. anyone who 's not a citizen of the said country is not entitled to state benefits ( except schooling and medical care ) , and thus you wo n't have immigrants showing up to abuse the system . 
  c. you can apply for citizenship after a few years of paying taxes and abiding the law by going through some general formalities, 
  that 's one point . 
  on the other hand i do n't see why you would mind a senior british/norwegian/whatever citizen who just ca n't be bothered to learn spanish , but comes to spain , buys a vacation house , pays the taxes , obeys the law , and spends all or most of that pension his government gives him in your economy , and all he/she wants is to live their last days in a sunny warm environment . 
  well , yes and no . 
  if you get overly pendantic about it , there are no two countries that you can compare , since they all have a different population , neighbours , etc. 
  as for the american-english thing , i do n't know , if i where a hispanic american i 'd be really pissed that my native language is n't recognized as an official language of the union along with english . 
  but that 's probably just me applying an european mindset to a different country . 
  as for learning norwegian ... 
  i 'm not sure . 
  if i where to permanently move to norway i would try to learn the language ofc , but then again i 'm a college educated young guy that 's lived in three countries and speaks 2 foreign languages , so yeah ... 
  i guess it would be ridiculously hypocritical of me to point my finger at some middle-aged woman who was raised in some village in pakistan , forbidden to go to school after the age of 12 , that probably just spends her whole life just doing house chores and takes care of her kids , and berate her for not being able to pass a test in a language that is as different as possible from urdu or punjabi . 
  and then applaud as the government sends her and her kids * back to a country with an appalling human rights record and an extremely low standard of living . 
  inb4 : i know a guy who knows a guy who met this 3rd generation immigrant that i swear to god could n't speak [ _ insert your native language here _ ] -- * kids that by the way , where probably born and raised in norway , but we europeans are way too cool for _ jus soli _, 
   if there was an irish test to stay in ireland you 'd have to deport a lot of irishmen ... not quite relevant , most americans would fail an american citizenship test . 
  and i 'm pretty sure most people all over the world do n't know how many parliament seats their country has , and how the separation of powers in the state works , all the lyrics of the national anthem , and all those things that one might get in a citizenship test . 
  except that it 's a policy that is more or less targeted towards the poorer classes . 
  you 'd see a lot more backlash if you 'd force say ... british people living in spain pass a spanish test . 
  or even worse , any western/southern european living in ireland pass an irish test for instance . 
  yeah ... 
  damn leprechauns keep hiding their pots of gold, 
   you were the one that used the word poverty , not him . 
  i supposed that the athenian eu-related problems are n't related to the fact that the eu anthem is beethoven 's ode to joy instead of vangelis ' conquest of paradise , but they 're mostly related to all those articles saying that greeks are starving to death and whatnot . 
   i 'm not really sure why you think ( a ) the fact that there are worse problems elsewhere and ( b ) he is n't from there , invalidates the point . 
  ( a ) is simply true ( you can check that map jeff linked above ) and ( b ) was meant to enforce , rather than be a point within itself . 
  you see he does agree that he comes from the poorer parts of italy , and most likely his irk with the eu does stem from some personal dissatisfaction rather than from a cold reasoning process . 
  what i am saying is that you need to put the word poverty in context . 
  the schengen area has open borders . 
  people are free ( and in many case encouraged ) to move within europe towards greener pastures . 
  there 's no point in trying to create the world 's biggest melting pot if people are refusing to melt . 
  italy is just not that poor , and neither is greece . 
  yes , southern italy is poor compared to scandinavia , that 's true . 
  but on a global context , not that much . 
  not even within the context of the eu . 
  if anything , he was complaining about poverty in the _ wrong _ country . 
  it 's not the filthy eurocrats that did that , it 's got to do a bit with historical factors and plenty to do with poor government policies . 
  italians and greeks were allowed and encouraged to vote in the european elections last time i checked . 
  they can complain -- the eu is still in the free world , regardless of what all these euroskeptics tout . 
  and because of that freedom of speech , whenever they use loaded expressions like '' * some random euro puppet in chief . 
  * '' i like to call them out on their bullshit and occasionally even call them idiots . 
  if by that you mean that the poorest regions of italy are doing as good as the richest regions of eastern europe . 
  nb : that map also does n't take into account moldova , ukraine or belarus , where life is really tough . 
  check minimum wages , average wages , purchasing power per capita , the quality of life index , [ any index you wish ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/ ) . 
  employment rates notwithstanding ( yaay cheap labor ) , they 're still miles ahead of us . 
  \\  bitching about poverty in europe \\  not even living in eastern europe, 
  of course , and i would do the same if i were in your position , no offense taken . 
  i was just making a ballpark estimation based on the fact that i 've encountered significantly more roma than hungarians, 
  it 's a commonly known fact that a significant fraction the roma will not declare themselves as such at censuses . 
  you know , because of the taint that comes with that label , and whatnot, 
  but the intersection of the two sets has a cardinality of a few millions,
