exactly , espoo is just a burb of helsinki . 
  favourite : norway . 
  erm ... 
  i thought all of our drivers cards look he same , only with a different country code . 
  we still have them at most flats , even newer build . 
  every spring ( older ) people make their pilgrimage to beat the shit out of/wash their rugs . 
  looks like southern finland in november , only not as dark and grey . 
  yea , should be a requirement in any country to speak a basic level of the language , especially if you 're using social benefits . 
  yea , but in sweden 's case it 's just them getting sucked further down the vortex of politically correct , and a few people who are trying to hard to be avant-garde . 
  sadly , [ no . 
  ] ( http://www.stadin-raggarit.com/ ), 
  could it be that not everyone actually feel the need to truthfully answer said surveys ? 
  would n't say citizens , possibly residences would be a better way to go about it . 
  or , if the primary use is personal ? 
  '' * you * signed the agreement , and even though we 're not meeting our end of the deal , * you * still have to meet yours . '', 
  - typically how the eu works . 
  for example ? 
  anyone ? 
  brilliant and cheap city , thought the urban planning is a bit confusing at time , still would say it 's definitely worth having a visit . 
  brilliant ( and cheap ) food and wine with nice locals all in a city that 's easy to walk about . 
  yes !, 
  strange , i 've always thought of the baltic sea as the cut between north and central europe , though somehow denmark lands on our side and the uk just kind of being on their own . 
  i 'm in finland , and when someone travels to central europe we usually say we 're `` going to europe '' . 
  yea , i remember one time i was on the train from hki back to tku and there was this couple behind us and they were speaking with the thickest turku dialect . 
  i have one friend in particular from turku who honestly is quite difficult to understand and finally ( at least based on what i could hear on the train ) i had found a few people with a thicker dialect than said friend . 
  so eventually , i told my wife to listen to the people on she agreed . 
  after a bit i had a bubble so i decided to use the toilet and also check the people to see . 
  i got up , turned left and what did i see ? 
  two people who had been talking sign language the last hour . 
  turns out they were both deaf and `` speaking '' along with their signing . 
  it was that day i learnt how pure the turku dialect really is . 
   it 's incredibly easy for estonians to learn finnish or , you just try speaking finnishy sounding estionan and hope people understand you . 
  the \u00f5 tends to slip a bit . 
   all joking aside , the relationship does have its roots . 
  and as of late , we were the first countries to sign an electronic treaty . 
  pretty cool , right ? 
  personally , i like the way [ the last guy says it . 
  ] ( http://www.forvo.com/word/facetious/ ), 
  you may have just found the solution !, 
  since most ukrainians speak russian , and most of the people actually staying in the baltics are latvian - and estonian-russians that never bothered to learn the native tongue of the country they 're living in because well they were kind of hoping it would eventually be the majority language , could get the help from `` ukrainian skilled labourers '' ( their old soviet brothers ) while at the same time repopulating , for example estonia , thus solving the population decrease issue . 
  and your welcome baltics . 
  about ... time ? 
  just watched that last night !, 
  i sent mine ... about a week ago . 
  so , keep your eyes peeled . 
  yea , was just throwing out a rather large `` what if . '', 
  it seems that without * some * western influence most of africa appears to just be little boys throwing stones ( as is the west , but you get what i 'm saying ) . 
  either way , i 'm quite interested in giving paul collier 's book a read . 
  might have to wait until deeper into the winter . 
  i was speaking of this issue ( kind of ) last night with the wife , and i 'll pose the question here . 
  africa not too long ago was colonised , mainly by france and uk . 
  and decolonisation happened after ww2 , because of growing independence movements and not wanting imperialist powers dominating the land . 
  but , now it seems most of the continent is leaving for a better life back with the `` imperialist powers . '', 
  would n't it have been better off if the west just remained and colonised africa ? 
  regardless they 're being exploited , only now without the infrastructure and modernisation benefits . 
  just to say , i have n't read much about the issue . 
  and , i 'm just asking a rather naive question . 
  but maybe someone with more knowledge could answer ? 
  you receive fees for using your bankcard outside of switzerland ? 
  that 's absurd . 
  card to check age , cash to pay . 
  you italians . 
  use a bankcard ... ? 
  arctic circle . 
  pm me if you 'd like . 
  [ yea , but no . 
  ] ( http://www.vice.com/read/the-religious-rights-anti-vaccine-hysteria-is-reviving-dead-diseases ), 
   light pollution is a huge problem . 
  they have jon gnar , probably * the best * politician in the world . 
   laitilan kievari imperiaali just had for the first time over the weekend in levi , it 's a brilliant stout . 
  also , laitilan kukko vahva pils is pretty solid for a basic sauna beer . 
  and , on top of that the company uses only windpower . 
  thinks it 's a good idea that everyone learn three , ca n't even fully speak one . 
  oh you , britain . 
  3 % of it 's land , though . 
  which i believe geography , not population , create country borders . 
  finland : [ iisa - perjantai ] ( http://youtu.be/m1oser1vhyk ) it 's her solo project , really looking forward to this album . 
  i 'm proposing that it should just be , `` uk . '', 
  it 's own area . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  annnnd ... * click * , sent . 
  on it !, 
  all good , but missed the baltics . 
  uk = northern europe . 
  that 's cute . 
  it 's as if you knew the answer already . 
  but think of all the money from tourism , obviously !, 
  in the arctic , woke up to 21c and should be 26c soon , and humidity is high , like always feel sweaty , high . 
  and my friends in the south made fun of me when i moved here saying it never gets above 10c . 
  yea , same thing while i was in hungary . 
  only the `` sh '' or maybe `` zh '' sound and `` r '' roll made is possible to stop thinking i understood rather quickly . 
  it 's not like the states have ever done anything similar , say during the cold war . 
  one of the best wine countries * ever * , and it 's either underappreciated or unknown by most of the world . 
  k\u00fcrt\u0151skal\u00e1cs are the gods gift to man . 
  the jewish district in budapest , has by far some of the best restaurants and wine bars in the city . 
  finnish and hungarian are related , but in the same way 3rd cousins are related . 
  the only similarity i noticed was we both shorten a lot of spoken language . 
  maybe grammar is comparable finnish ? 
  anyone know ? 
  budapest , how ever scrappy the streets and conflicting the architecture may be .
