easily . 
  same language , same arabic culture , same religion for vast majority , same looks . 
  it 's like finland providing education to refugees from east-finland back in ww2 aftermaths . 
  just toss them into class room and good2go . 
  in west we literally need to begin from `` this here is letter a , say aaa '' when it comes to those refugees . 
  meanwhile in finland , finnish president has approval rating of ** 86 % ** http://www.hs.fi/kotimaa/a1436064774084, 
  1 ) they are not our responsibility 2 ) they do n't belong here 3 ) forced population transfers are reminiscent of what soviet russia did to its satellites which is comparable to genocide which scares the shit out of me 4 ) 120 000 this year , how many forced transfers next year ? 
  there is no end in sight and we can only except more of this , then refer to points 1 2 3 again . 
  what is the cooldown period after such events to put an end to this madness so that it does n't look like nazi appeasing , then ? 
  week ? 
  month ? 
  year ? 
  thousand years ? 
  never ? 
  you literally said that any restriction to migration is appeasing to nazis , hence my reaction . 
  that 's incorrect but often repeated myth . 
  read `` kivikauden suomi '' by martti huurre to get a clue . 
   you realise that appeasing nazis by not taking in imigrants oh the horrible * horrible * nazi-card !!!, 
  sure , fuck it , fuck all the fucking nazi appeasing !, 
  let 's show the nazis who commands !, 
  let 's take in billions of migrants and give them free fucking entitlements for life out of tax monies just so , you know , we are not even by accident `` appeasing nazis '' !, 
  fucking brilliant thinking !, 
  brilliant !, 
  reading regular swedish pro-immigration rhetoric in finnish ( jag \u00e4r tv\u00e5spr\u00e5kig ) is fucking amazing !, 
  i 'm used to reading and hearing such in swedish but then in finnish it is just sooo absurd . 
  impossible to explain but kinda like reading klingon phrases in elvish if you catch my drift . 
  just so out of place . 
  what do you mean ? 
  just imagine swapping all those images in that article to those images of migrants throwing away food given to them , throwing rocks at police , kicking fences , all-male boatloads etc. . . it would create such a nice contrast to complaining of un and reality . 
  that 's caused by plastic food packaging and female hormones in drinking water from micropills , but nice hypothesis . 
  but ... `` alternative media '' is only h\u00f6gerextremist propaganda that is not respectable journalism and only confirms racist bias !, 
  somewhat direct quote from last years agenda with some dude from aftonbladet . 
  27 times in a minute . 
  that 's what i counted . 
  i wonder how many homos showed up for first homo right marches . 
  situation is kinda similar , people are just now starting to come `` out of closet '' on this issue because it is getting so out of hand . 
  just look at this subreddit . 
  being politically correct is not synonymous with listening to people . 
  it 's the opposite . 
  it 's a taboo in finland to be seen protesting for pro patria issues exactly like it 's in sweden and younger educated middle class is very afraid for their careers especially now . 
  shut . 
  down . 
  everything . 
  tldr translation  `` we are against so many asylum seekers coming to finland . 
  they have passed through many safe european countries before they reached finland and should have stayed there '' , said one of the protesters . 
   police is now going to start monitorin the border passing area of torne\u00e5 says finnish interminister . 
  migrants are no longer allowed to travel further before registering . 
  you really think people who have lotsa children are `` sacrifcing themselves '' ? 
  that is so unbelievably sad . 
  not even russians like russians . 
  poland continues to be awesome . 
  on more serious note , imagine all of those babies being born . 
  demographic crisis instantly solved . 
  then think if no prevention exists . 
  i 'm rather sure our fertility rates would make africans look like nuns in such scenario . 
  motherfuckers !, 
  thanks for tldr translation , forgot that myself . 
  they are also disturbingly white ( yes i am surprised by that and think someone messed with hue in ps so sue me ) . 
  i was coming to ask exactly the same question . 
  someone give better description than * `` stop these sinister trade deals . 
  ttip and ceta are a threat to democracy , the environment , consumers and labour standards . 
  but we can stop them ! '' * . 
  ( straight from petition page ) . 
  primary source pls . 
  i 'm honestly cringeing and apparently out of loop . 
  what 's so horrible about that ? 
  where did you get info that 5 years from now migrant crisis is gone ? 
  what specifically makes you hate afd so much that you want cdu to become more like afd ? 
   `` it is astonishing that the government acts so brutally , '' atle sommerfeldt , bishop of borge , told broadcaster nrk . 
  olav \u00d8ygard , bishop of nord-h\u00e5logaland , said : `` human dignity is being violated . 
  a person 's worth is infinite , no matter where they are from . '' black metal satanist church burners , where are you when you are most needed ? 
  fucking germans just ca n't stop being nazi , [ herr kaufman was right the first time around ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germany_must_perish ! ) . 
  say it loud , say it out proud : germany must perish !, 
  i 'm sure threat of immediate deadly violence would cure migrants of dementia so they suddenly remember what it said on their burned passport and where they actually came from . 
   tape affair was a coup situation . 
  state had every right to intervene before it was completetly dismantled by latkowski , falenta and the like . 
  so if tapes reveal extremely bad things about government to such extent that coup becomes real possibilty , then government has right to intervene ? 
  that 's totalitarian tyranny , man . 
  `` squad attention !, 
  go and carry bags of refugees !, 
  in the meantime beta squad make their beds ready !, 
  `` sir yes sir ! '', 
  like hell i 'm disabling my adblock . 
  without reading the article , let me guess the conclusion is that `` as long as we ( native europeans ) stop being racist bigots , yes it is !, 
  be merry ! '' . 
  god i hate the guardian so much . 
   until there is an actual european identity , no functional federalism is really possible . 
  i agree , hence federation should be built on lowest common nominators of european identity : caucasians only , christianity only . 
  as mongolic people of colour , my people which were and still are oppressed by the eternal swede , obviously do n't fit in such federation . 
   regardlessly , the city and the people here are lovely for the most part . 
  you all are already thinking like them . 
  that `` regardless '' clearly states that people ca n't be lovely without being politically correct . 
  that is why you do n't see politically correct culture because you are in one so deep there is no other culture . 
  into the sea where they came from . 
  give them another rubber boat and paddle , whisper in their ear `` go , you are free now , no more fingerprints or registrations '' . 
  they 'll find a way home . 
  according to un refugee convention , you could just kick them out if they do n't register and do n't cooperate . 
  why you are n't doing that is a mystery . 
  i 'm not exactly surprised people do n't know what geneva convention on refugees actually says , considering it 's jackasses like sweden 's left party and similar insane radicals driving the conversation . 
  article 31 on page 29 is what you requested .
