   `` with this proposal we wo n't be able to live up to international conventions on the right to asylum . 
  it is extremely serious . 
  we have initiated a closure of borders in the eu , '' torbj\u00f6rn bj\u00f6rlund of the left party told his fellow members of parliament during the debate . 
  they are scary delusional and uninformed . 
  un refugee convention * mandates * refugees to register immediately upon illegal border crossing . 
  how is this going against international conventions then ? 
  all they have to do is register , they can then seek asylum as usual . 
   `` we are human beings !, 
  no fingerprints !, 
  we want freedom !, 
  fuck , i should have done that and called amnesty when i got my hunting rifle license . 
  bring in hundreds of thousands of foreigners in short span of time , force natives to pay for their upkeep , take away means of defence from natives . 
  i was n't describing current situation in eu , just telling how africa was colonized back in 19th century . 
  because women in general are absolutely useless in field conditions . 
  they get sick often and lag behind in full gear marches . 
  certainly , there are few exceptions . 
  very few . 
  this coming from someone who served for a year . 
  i 'm all for increasing maximum manpower , but i think they should be automatically classified as b-class and kept out of field operations in case they get conscription . 
  whatever , just get out of my sight . 
  form hippie communies for all i care . 
  people who are actually skilled do n't go unemployed for more than a day . 
  i could easily imagine a scenario where all the lazy rats and low salary humanists flee to barren wastelands of north in order to live comfortably with basic income , leaving the major cities of finland for highly educated employable and industrious people , leading to new age of prosperity . 
  imagine the clean streets , lack of dirty pubs pandering to unemployed alcoholics and not having to see poor people anywhere . 
  beautiful . 
  talk about handing all of syria to isil on silver plate , considering 70 % of refugees are males aged 20 to 50 . 
  for scale , this is like one in four of finnish reservists would desert in case someone attacked us . 
  and then when isil conquers syria , obviously eu is not going to send anyone back there . 
  now a serious suggestion : we give them their own new country in northern sweden ( solely because it 's most sparsely populated area of eu ) that they have to build a new life for themselves on their own . 
   it 's going to be problematic at first . 
  `` at first '' ? 
  those moroccoans are on their * third * generation now and apparently getting ever more detached from belgian society . 
  that article gives little hope that they will * ever * integrate . 
  isis deports muslims and lynches them publicly ? 
  the only lasting solution is the following : 1 ) enforce 1990 's style borders again where borders are actually borders , ie . 
  crossing them is enforced by pain of punishment 2 ) deport every single muslim to their ancestral land as pre-emptive action . 
  shoot those who resist . 
  acknowledge that sudden converts to christianity are lying , so couge out their eyes , cut their tongues and feed them to boars . 
  3 ) reinstate inquisition for those native french muslim converts who have no ancestral land . 
  make them give public apology for heresy before burning them in public lynchings . 
  seriously why waste money on oppressive patriarchal power structures that spy your daily progressive activities such as masturbating to interracial gay midget porn , when the lasting solution is much more humane and leaves more funds to spend for empowering lgbtq + and spend on humanitarian aid ? 
  none . 
  stereotypes , even if factual , can ultimately lead to racism . 
  therefore we must stand against stereotyping each other as we stand against racism . 
  even if someone jokingly says `` lol we finns are prone to alcoholism '' , which while true , does n't mean that alcoholist finn is anymore prone to alcoholism than alcoholist belgian . 
  we are all individuals . 
  same feels here . 
  the guardian is pretty much tumblr of `` respectable journalism '' . 
  i 'm not giving their shitty clickbaitpropaganda a single click . 
  racist, 
  it did not happen . 
  not a single nazi ever made such things . 
  there 's a reason it 's called urban legend you know . 
  urban legend about nazis making lampshades out of jew skin . 
  same bullshit category as jew soap . 
  he avoided the deportation after all !, 
  good for him !, 
  may his courage of resisting swedes serve as example to other needy refugees who are denied asylum : when facing deportation , kill a few swedes . 
  get instant upkeep for life . 
  how about we transform sweden into designated refugee camp and transfer all our refugees there instead , huh ? 
  dare you oppose this proposal , you are racist nazi as per usual and we 'll just agitate [ researchgruppen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/disqus#2013_security_breach ) to ruin all your careers and personal lives . 
   as system buckles no no , that 's just crazy racist nazi talk , everything is absolutely fine !, 
  right , swedes ? 
  we are `` helping '' beyond our capacity . 
  our capacity was surpassed 20 000 `` refugees '' ago . 
  we give free alcohol to female and then we suki suki . 
  no we are not . 
  we are allowing all this fucking bullshit to happen with a smile . 
  i call that amazing mental strength . 
  yes . 
  it 's way too overvalued . 
  thus goverment speaks of `` productivity leap '' , meaning massive cuts and wage freezes to make exports cheaper instead of simply devaluing currency by 2 % . 
  no no . 
  world does n't work like that . 
  if it worked , china would still be hardcore maoist communist because deng xiaoping purging the party leadership of communist hardliners would have caused the opposite happen . 
  you have much to learn , young grasshopper . 
  there is never a backlash if there are no-one left to slash back . 
  shortest way with dissenters and all that . 
  oh yeah , right-wing causes automatically mean person is mentally ill . 
  thanks for reminding !, 
  poland leads by example . 
  so ... the only contribution of islam ( or rather , arabic people , who may or may not have been muslims ) to european culture is european traders bringing back originally european writings from them . 
  i consider this case settled in favour of orban 's statement . 
  thank you . 
  if someone here can point out how islamic culture and values have at any point in history affected european culture in such a way that every european shares that common islamic cultural heritage , then he is obviously incorrect . 
  i remember visiting norway . 
  your beer prices traumatized me horribly . 
  38kr per can . 
  i still see that figure in my nightmares . 
  holy shit , how can ukraine be so fucking poor ? 
  that 's africa-tier . 
  join me , my son . 
  * kssh * together , we can overthrow the germans and rule europe as father and a son . 
  * kssh * it is your destiny . 
   `` we do n't shy away from talking about human rights . 
  what we are against is to use human rights to interfere with other countries ' internal affairs and to try to impose your own system on to others , '' liu said at a press conference thursday . 
  this is exactly what human rights mongers do . 
  keep in mind that human rights are literally teachings of jesus without jesus . 
  i love this brand of jewish cultural imperialism as much as everyone else here , but certainly chinese leaders who have essentially retrofitted few thousand years old confucian bureaucracy in guise of communist party would take an offense for constant nagging . 
  it is not a boring book .
