  * * - my boyfriend hit a deer with his car yesterday so i drove all the way to \u00d6rebro at 1:00 to pick him up ... ( story and conversation continues ) *, 
  design for me and everyone i know . 
  like buying a tshirt from a second hand store with some logo . 
  and as / u/quetzacoatl85 pointed out , casual wear of sports teams is not neutral clothing . 
  i would be a bit prejudiced if i saw someone at work wearing an aik tshirt but would n't even notice ny yankees ( btw i only now learned that that logo is a sports team logo . 
  my sister and i wore it as teenagers because our favorite american rappers did and we thought it meant `` new york '' ) . 
   woman ca n't walk around with pepper spray in her handbag for protection ? 
  have never even considered that i 'd want one actually . 
  also allowing some product just for single women who have handbags does n't sound plausible . 
  maybe better in latvia , i 'm from lithuania and it 's not exaggerated . 
  i was born in a baltic state . 
  popular perception : * the west * is great , everyone is rich , less suicides and criminals . 
  we should try to become like * the west * . 
  oh we should be feminist , not homophobic , not racist , stop beating kids and get a functioning political left wing ? 
  * lalalalalalala i do n't hear you norwegian girls fuck their brothers and sweden is overrun by niggers so glad we 're not like them !, 
  there 's certainly many berries and they are popular . 
  many people grow their own black currant though so maybe there 's not enough buyers for supermarkets . 
   is he just over exaggerating yes, 
  where can i find them in stockholms l\u00e4n . . 
  jordgubbar are `` bra\u0161k\u0117s '' , the big ones . 
  same . 
  spend too much time and mental energy on work but not that the amount of work is too much . 
  i do n't know what is an average worker , there are really many jobs with their own rules . 
  i work in an it company in the office , 8-17 including an unpaid lunch break 1h . 
  since the majority of places are open around these times too , if i have some errands i take longer lunch or leave work earlier . 
  if i 'm sick , the first day ( or maybe 3 days ? 
  i 'm not sure ) is not paid but i do n't need to `` prove '' that i 'm sick , just let my boss know . 
  then later some days are paid off 85 % by the company and if one is sick for longer than 2 weeks , the national insurance pays . 
  we also have 25 days of 105 % paid vacation , it 's more or less mandatory to take 10 consecutive days in the summer . 
  i do n't really record how often do i take breaks . 
  whenever i feel like it basically , if there 's not much workload . 
  also the 60min non-paid lunch break every day . 
  i rarely hang out with coworkers outside work but i attend almost every work event . 
  i have some coworkers on facebook and steam . 
  never seen fresh black current in the shops :(, 
  but then what you do in seoul that you ca n't in norway ? 
  this year was very bad for strawberries all over northern europe i think . 
  6eur for a kilo of strawberries is pretty cheap . 
   the nightlife is mediocre , there is n't too much to do outside of partying/drinking what else do you want to do during nightlife ? 
  not utopia but yes it 's great . 
  however often people seem to not understand that the greatness begins in people 's head and start complaining that folk from the nordics are `` too open '' , `` too tolerant '' , `` too feminist '' , but if people were n't , building this kind of society ( even if you only think about the quality of studying and the high wages ) would be impossible . 
  stockholm hate seems pretty strong in this sub and irl from non-stockholmers but i 've never heard someone from stockholm saying something bad about other regions except sk\u00e5ne !, 
  so people are smug against stockholm, 
  everything outside stockholm ? 
  well people from vilnius calling everything else `` village '' is pretty smug :p, 
  everything except stockholm, 
  it 's pretty easy with the first names but for the surnames it used to be that if you want to change a surname to something that someone already has , you have to get everyone 's agreement that it 's ok with them . 
  or just change to something that no one in sweden has and that is n't some `` protected '' name , offensive name or has some status ( e.g. 
  `` queen '' ) . 
  you can also take your parent 's legal first name and add - son or - dotter at the end ( regardless of gender , both women and men can be ebbasdotter ) . 
  but since the beginning of july , if the surname is carried by 2000 people or more , you do n't need anyone 's agreement because it 's considered `` common surname '' . 
  i personally think these rules are pretty reasonable and give enough freedom . 
  yeah i do think these are really cool and i like the idea behind them !, 
  but the one i picked sounds good with my name and all, 
  my surname is lithuanian and even by lithuanian standards it 's hard to pronounce and no one would write it correctly for the first time . 
  as all lithuanian surnames , it is gendered and as all lithuanian female surnames by default it 's supposed to give out my marital status ( does n't apply male surnames , of course ) . 
  changing it to be neutral sounds even worse though . 
  it 's also not even my mom 's surname , i do n't have any `` connection '' with it but to change to hers would not solve the problem because i do n't like it either . 
  so i applied for a simple surname of just a few letters , no \u00e4 , \u00f6 , \u00e5 , no double letters , etc. 
  some people who know it were surprised that i want to get rid of my `` unique '' surname and change it to something so `` boring '' , my boyfriends mom even sent me a list of `` soldier names '' that would suit me better in her and my boyfriend 's opinion :d but they clearly have n't had a `` unique '' name . 
  like 700-800eur , maybe 1000 if i 'm lucky . 
  i 'm literally the only one . 
  i hate my surname though and thanks to the new swedish law regarding surname change , i 'm getting a new one soon !, 
  carried by 3700 + people :d edit : apparently someone else has the same surname . 
  what . 
  the . 
  fuck ... well she can have it . 
  i ca n't do it in my current apartment but you gave me an idea how to solve a problem between me and my boyfriend when we move in together and i want blinders up at night but he wants them down :d, 
  `` man bags '' , also known as `` bags '' and `` handbags '' ? 
   hjemmebr\u00e6ndt looks like someone writing `` hembr\u00e4nt '' after drinking too much of it, 
  not the swedish hembr\u00e4nt , only the lithuanian saman\u0117 . 
  i 've drunk it on multiple occassions but the most notable was the first time when i was 17 , hanging out with friends and someone gave it to me and told me it 's 70 % . 
  i tasted it and it tasted good , like cherry juice and thought people were just trolling me . 
  in total i drank not more than 0,7 l of saman\u0117 , with not more than 0,2 l vodka and maybe some beer . 
  continued drinking it with vodka that i brought and not so long after suddenly felt very sick . 
  i puked by the bathroom door because the bathroom was occupied and i did n't make it , later realized that no way i can go home like this , managed to contact a friend and asked her can i go to her place and sleep at hers . 
  puked more while waiting for the bus and then puked a bit more after the bus trip . 
  my memory gets a bit blurry here but i remember drinking like 2 liters of hot water with lemon and sleeping in an armchair . 
  my mom will probably never know about this . 
  thick and dark curtains and blinders are to block various degrees of midnight sun during the summer . 
  i find it very hard to wake up if i have blinders down though so i never use them and fall asleep using sleeping pills instead . 
  actually the more i post here , the more i realize that i have some weird sleeping habits and i guess that explains it why some years ago someone asked me am i on autistic spectrum ( i 'm not ) . 
  that makes sense, 
  i doubt anyone would hate writing `` person/single parent/someone with a child '' so much that they would go as long as checking the perso n't posting history just to find out their gender before writing a comment . 
   acting surprised that romania is not one big ghetto where people are starving on the streets and getting stabbed or whatever . 
  oh oh i have a story to share . 
  like a year ago , here in stockholm , 2 girls were shopping in a supermarket at the same time as my boyfriend and i. 
  we had this conversation : him : what is that language ? 
  me : sounds like romanian i think ... 
  him : ok . maybe we should ask them if everything is fine ? 
  me : what ? 
  why ? 
  him : because maybe it 's some human trafficking happening me : whyyy do you think so ? 
  him : idk , young girls from romania wearing normal clothes , in a shop ... me : and ? 
  :d him : how can they have money to buy here ? 
   i do n't have the patience for that kind of bullshit . 
  i 'm yet to develop this feature, 
  i once had a couchsurfing guest from the netherlands . 
  we went to a couchsurfing meetup with her and there was an american guy from new york who gave me second-hand cringe when i was witnessing his interaction with my guest . 
  he started with calling the country amsterdam ended with asking about places to smoke weed .
