   mother and infant interesting how in 90 % of the situations reddit assumes the person in question , real or theoretical , is male , but mentioning a child makes it switch to `` mother '', 
  a massage person comes once a week to our office and people who work there can sign up for a swedish massage . 
  i 've tried it once , it was great . 
  i 've never gone to any other places though . 
  thank you for honesty but he was pretty bad . 
  r\u00f6d , red orange , orange gul , yellow gr\u00f6n , green bl\u00e5 , blue indigo , dark blue violett , violet, 
  i can get along with right wingers when their right wing manifests only through things like economy , i.e. 
  i can ignore this part and still be their friend . 
  i wo n't ditch someone for supporting m but supporting sd is where the line can be clearly drawn . 
  wtf in * london * ? 
  no , of course not , unless the people are free to choose to live under the authoritarian rule and these who disagree are free to flee , which would never happen . 
  but simply abolishing a totalitarian government will not automatically turn the state into a democracy . 
  also usa destabilizing these developing countries and ruining their democracy attempts from time to time is not helping at all . 
   in real life most people value a good friendship over being right or winning an argument , whilst online ( except for on facebook i guess ) you do n't have that friendship that could potentially be lost that makes perfect sense . 
  i do n't think this sub is right either and i do n't think this sub or reddit in general could be placed anywhere politically . 
  someone put it nicely at some point on a similar question , basically it 's more about `` what favours a 18-35 middle class white male '' than any political axis . 
  but if this sub * had * to become a political party , it would totally not be leftist and probably not socialdemocratic . 
  my guess would go for liberal centrist . 
  or liberal by american standards . 
  yeah , i thought that was weird too . 
  what do you mean by `` respected '' exactly ? 
  i disagree with politics of decreasing tax and liberating the market ( if that 's correct english term ) but it 's something that can be discussed in a more or less civilized manner . 
  but i ca n't respect someone advocating against abortions or homosexual marriages , sexism and homophobia is the same level of badness as racism and is equally as often taken into politics . 
   this board is young and ** left ** i would n't say that . 
  it stands out a bit but is not exactly weird . 
  haha i 've never been to any nudist beach, 
  i had a 5 day vacation with my mom in cyprus and something that was really overwhelming were men knowing no boundaries and having no respect , going as far as driving slower and honking like 2 meters away from my ear , even accidental eye contacts while passing by on the sidewalk would provoke some attention such as literally stopping in front of us and saying `` wow '' , randomly coming over and introducing themselves , not being subtle at all while staring at us . 
  in general i really liked that vacation , it was relaxing , but non-touristy going outs to places like grocery store or on the way to the beach were stressful . 
  every day before going to bed . 
  does n't matter how blackout drunk i am , i 'll still shower otherwise i ca n't * really * sleep . 
  i wash my hair every second day on a usual basis but i try to do it rarer , sometimes i manage to have a 3 or even 4 days pause . 
  but i have long hair and i hate when they look like shit . 
  i do n't have a favourite brand , usually just buy a generic shampoo from `` kicks '' but when the one i have now is over i 'll try to look for something in `` lush '' . 
  on average , guys in sweden are almost as stylish as girls so a clear answer ca n't be given . 
  but you definitely do n't look old fashioned with an excessive beard here . 
  moved from lithuania because sweden was my dreamland . 
  i did n't plan to move at first i was just spending enormous amounts of money on frequent trips to the nordics . 
  i was also learning norwegian and later switched to swedish , as a coping mechanism that i do n't live there ( if that makes sense ) . 
  at some point i admitted to myself that i was secretly making an emigration plan , otherwise i would n't had been obsessively reading the tax office 's website . 
  i always felt awkward when colleagues at work were making comments such as : `` we almost thought you would n't come back this time ! '', 
  after i 'd come back from vacation . 
  i was already earning more than average wage in lithuania and i did n't care about money at all . 
  which i actually should have done because now i know that i could have gotten a better salary but nevermind . 
  :d i just assumed that i will spend proportionally more when i move . 
  well i was wrong . 
  my salary is less than average within my field here ( i do n't know what 's the overall average ) but i afford a much better life . 
  a pleasant `` surprise '' . 
   the hospital or the transporting company would n't have her before the bill was paid . 
  murica !, 
  i 'm still not convinced that the problem here was prioritizing a sex change surgery over the transplantation . 
  maybe the latter was much more expensive and since the money on sex change was used later , it makes sense that there was money to use then . 
  but the first situation is urgent and much more complicated and easier to fail . 
  of course i only know as much as you wrote , but i assume the problem was not the money itself but the organization of everything ( having the transplant from overseas in place on time ) . 
  while planning a sex change surgery is much easier to control and plan and most likely the people organizing the transplantation surgery are not the same people who organize the sex change surgery . 
  well i guess i 'm just not normal in my country :d it is the norm here to eat lunch at the times you wrote but i picked up the habit from my mom probably , people do think it 's weird that i eat dinner at 21-22 . 
  but now i 'll fire back at them with the fact that it 's normal in spain !, 
  ah the comparison of unrelated situations that are different but from the same topic . 
  the internet classics . 
   well estonia is a nordic country , but this is not the discussion here . 
  i must have missed estonia joining the nordic council . 
  everyone else has probably missed too . 
   do you have muslim influence then ? 
  of course we do , about 5 % of people in sweden are muslim , it would be weird if there was no influence . 
  but please note that sweden has never been occupied by an islamic country for 50 years and no efforts were ever made to abolish sweden as a country or swedish language by any muslim occupants . 
   sure , but you need to know what you are talking about before making such ignorant remarks . 
  i know it first hand because i was born in the heart of lithuania and have enough experience to compare it to sweden . 
   first of all , why is `` culture '' in quotation marks ? 
  because i do n't think stereotypes spread on the internet are really part of a country 's culture  and secondly , do you really fucking think that we have more slavic influence than scandinavian or german ?? 
  short answer : yes, 
  you give `` estonia is nordic '' vibes ... 
  i know that lithuania/latvia/estonia are not slavic but in the context of tracksuits and vodka the slavic influence is indeed relevant and a 50 years oppression that ended just 26 years ago is not something that can be ignored or unnoticed . 
  the countries are northern europe geographically which is mostly irrelevant when discussing their `` culture '' ( stereotypes in this case ) . 
  in many easter europeans ' mentalities . 
  lol that 's my natural regime, 
  awww do i need to write about * today 's * breakfast ? 
  :( ok ... coffee with almond milk and cinnamon buns . 
  but it 's because i 'm at work . 
  2 days ago for breakfast i had a bowl of soygurt with musli , cornflakes , banana and home made strawberry jam from the strawberries i 've picked myself , 2 avocado toasts , a glass of orange juice and tea . 
  not really controversial , at least on the non-anonymous part on the internet ( like facebook or tinder ) . 
  it 's generally not socially acceptable to be openly transphobic . 
  i mean , sure , there 's plenty of transphobic people but you would really likely find a support network here too . 
  transitioning is easier because officially there are no `` male '' and `` female '' names or surnames , you can just change to whatever you want , multiple times . 
  i do n't know any trans person in real life though . 
  lithuania is eastern european with a long history of slavic oppresion and 3 slavic neighbors . 
  '' ` rape capital '' , `` swedistan '' , etc. 
  worthless meme . 
  the only places i 've felt safer in than in my home stockholm are some other swedish cities . 
  i grew up in vilnius and * come on * they were really common then and are really common still . 
  when i visited my friend for a few days , i bought in local maxima that 100ml plastic cup with vodka , she did n't even acknowledge it , not even when i put it on the table . 
  when i finally asked why , she said `` oh i did n't think it was a joke , i buy this sometimes too '' . 
  the farthest from truth stereotype about lithuania i would say is that language is that lithuanians speak russian as the first language . 
  generally we do n't talk politics at work , neither swedish nor foreign , but that does n't apply for trump - a joke about him was made by our boss in an official work party . 
  almost alll the rap i hear is about the `` tough life in suburbs '' so the swedish rap is not the rap i like . 
  there are several songs i like but ... more pop-hiphop bands are good though . 
  danish and norwegian is closer than norwegian and swedish . 
  there are some similar words that mean different thing in both languages or in general words that are not similar at all . 
  i 've never seen english used between swedish/norwegian speakers in casual written form though . 
  americans , usually in `` gross food challenge '' type of videos , eating surstr\u00f6mming straigth out of the can, 
  gasellit is the best ever rap band and they 're finnish, 
  i 'm an emigrant from lithuania and i guess the closest to annoying would be people asking me am i from russia , when they hear my accent .
