i believe them being nazis and hating people of colour is a huge exaggeration . 
  right , because people feeling mildly annoyed that some sculpture is being removed will initiate a violent riot about it  they should not remove the statue though , it 's part of american history and soviet occupation is part of estonia 's history . 
  do you celebrate that ? 
  words used by the swedish media to describe what happened are `` right wing extremists '' and `` white power '' . 
   does it shock you that this happens in us ? 
  stupid gun laws , stupid situations . 
  here , a man had his hunting rifle confiscated because he belongs to a neo nazi group and police saw it as a threat , for example . 
   does racial tension like this exist in your own country ? 
  not like this . 
  recently afghan refugees were holding non violent demonstrations against deportation and were attacked by neo nazis and this was big news , no one who is not a neonazi themself were trying to excuse them . 
  what prime ? 
  europe is getting better all the time and there 's lot of space for improvement . 
  being a stripper does not make one a trashy personality but the video was really awful , i ca n't make it . 
  how famous is he though ? 
  same . 
  it has the same disadvantages as stockholm ( lots of people , expensive apartments ) but it also does n't have winter and people speak almost danish . 
  haha do n't base your opinion on what they said , i 'd personally love to live in lule\u00e5 for example :p there can be a lot of snow , the winter is long and dark but you do n't have to worry about being isolated . 
  it 's quite a big city and you do n't need to have a car to live there comfortably . 
  if you went alone in some places in the mountains up north in winter , probably you could die there . 
  but they 're not no-go zones per se , more like recommendations to not be careless . 
  nurses and policepeople . 
  not really easy . 
  if you 're unskilled , speaking swedish is most often the minimum requirement . 
  but i 've seen people working in the old town cafes , who only spoke english . 
  then there 's also illegal jobs . 
  i do n't know how easy is to get them but probably if one is skilled or speaks swedish , they would n't consider such a job in the first place . 
  as an american ? 
  i try to not use fitta/kuk as swear words too often , since they are normal words that could be used in non cursing context if they were not so overrepresented as curse words . 
   it 's just simple human physiology . 
  no it 's not and human physiology is less simple than you think also less relevant than you think . 
  but nevermind . 
  your posting history can tell us that you 're hopeless . 
  at bars , clubs and internet it 's pretty common for women to approach men . 
  approaching people in neutral `` non social '' places like buss or coffeeshop i 've only seen done as a part of male entitlement . 
  do n't do it . 
  people came there not to `` be approached '' . 
  i guess this term can be a but loose haha . 
  i mean the guys i 've worked with did not appear particularly christian ... but still all of them who are married did it in a church and all of their kids are baptized . 
  meanwhile my swedish boyfriend 's parents are not even married , let alone stuff like baptizing . 
  shopping # 1 takes place 7:50 when my train arrives at the stop by my office . 
  i just quickly buy an energydrink and `` fika '' , because i forgot the one i bought earlier at work , and head to the office . 
  after work i buy local berries from an arabic man working by a fruitstand and head to another shopping centre near my home where i buy `` main '' stuff like ingredients for upcoming lunches and fika , that 's either enough for 1 or 2 days . 
  if i manage with only 1 shopping a day , it 's a small victory . 
  if i manage with 0 , i feel productive . 
  i ca n't do big shoppings because i do n't have that much place to store food , i do n't plan my diet and i end up throwing out too much this way . 
  do you mean immigration or asylum policy ? 
  because when we talk about immigration , as long as you can support yourself , you can immigrate . 
  no one checks for skills or willingness to do something . 
  if we talk asylum , then the ones who are the most vulnerable or are in the biggest danger will be granted it first . 
  a homosexual muslim who can only speak arabic in a risk to be married away is of a higher priority than a blue eyed american who can sing du gamla du fria and order meatballs . 
  but yeah you views are generally leftist and it shows that they are really fresh . 
  but nevermind . 
   i love my job but it 's trapped in a country i dislike and i have no loyalty to it beyond the natives . 
  i 'm hoping to start my family elsewhere . 
  just do it . 
  the worse that can happen is you will still be disappointed , the best - you will find your peace . 
  female . 
  but well , we do n't represent each other :d i have experienced a lot of discrimination in my family , at school and in my workplace back there . 
  also have been denied a job without even hiding that it 's because i 'm a woman, 
  sexism and antifeminism in lithuania is very prevalent . 
  having equal rights is not enough since a big part of our lives is controlled by traditions and not by laws . 
  however , at school i had no idea that feminism in lithuania even existed before like 2004 . 
  feels sad that we learn about someone 's works but ignore their context if it 's not relevant to nationalism ( at least i felt that nationalism was a very strong point during my 12 years at school ) . 
  bigotry does exist in sweden and i do notice that some people treat me differently than my other colleagues , who do the same work just are male . 
  but yeah , it 's significantly better than it was in the country i emigrated from ( lithuania ) , where bigotry is something you 'd automatically expect . 
  ( i graduated from a high school in lithuania , for the reference ) . 
  that some lithuanian female authors , who were just `` typical mandatory-read authors '' in my book were actually feminists with revolutionary ideas and colourful personalities . 
  when someone published this information on a mainstream website about them during some year 's national women 's day i was in awe . 
  their writings that i read at school just because i had to suddenly got another perspective for me . 
  i almost felt cheated , knowing that background would have made it much more interesting for me to read and analyze their writings . 
  because i naturally assumed that they were more or less just like the other ( male ) writers which personalities were taught to us - something something , raising love for the motherland , etc. 
  on the same topic ( and learned through similar accidental ways ) , apparently back in the 1900s lithuania did have various women 's rights movements which were ran by intelligent , influential women . 
  some of them also wanted to be signatories of the 1918 act of independence since they did also take part in the diplomatic work towards lithuania 's independence but were denied by the men who signed it alone . 
  i had no idea , we were not even told when did women achieve the right to vote in lithuania actually . 
  yet the act itself is highly in-focus during history lessons and there is a national holiday in lithuania on february 16 . 
  i get it how in male-based reddit this might seem unimportant knowledge but during the lessons with so much focus on lithuania 's society it seems important to explain what happened to the other 50 % of it . 
  by professionals or by the society ? 
  by the surrounding people one would be considered alcoholic if she failed to show up to work for bad hangover with no apparent reason ( i.e. 
  not after a best friend 's wedding party which took place on tuesday ) . 
  probably same with friends - failing to keep your word because plans got amended by drunkedness or hangover . 
  by professionals - long before that . 
  i live in stockholm and have never found a better asian food place ( with being vegan in mind ) . 
  i 'm a bisexual woman studying/working in stem since age 19 so make a guess : ^ ), 
  simple . 
  get drunk before entering the club . 
  well honestly the outside area of `` max '' near my work is a no-go zone . 
  second time in a row , in the middle of the day , i was intimidated by a gang of small brown birds that wanted to have my fries . 
  i wanted to document this experience with my phone but happened to spill my drink in self-defense . 
  stockholm was different 6 months ago ... 
   so what exactly do y' all think about these people ? 
  bored rightwinger shut-ins who take tv-serie `` vikings '' too literally  are they overreacting to a problem that does n't exist ? 
  yes . 
  i mean of course , a problem regarding refugees exists to a degree but it has nothing to do with the stuff these people are spreading . 
  increasing racism is actually a part of a problem since it makes e.g. 
  lgbt refugees , who flee to a tolerant country feel unwelcome here either because they get labelled muslims right away by the rightwingers  do they have actual idea what 's going on with the refugees ? 
  one does n't even have to travel to the usa to find the people who have no idea about the actual situation - there are european lands that just go with the prejudice and refuse to help refugees, 
  here it 's over now , we had a reasonable amount of rain and the weather is colder . 
  before that there was a huge lack of strawberries due to drought and they got really expensive . 
  people were swimming in the lakes a lot . 
  but here it was nothing compared to the rest of europe , of course .
