  ca n't blame them . 
  this is a thing of the present , not the future , but the problem itself lies within the countries with high emigration rate , emigration is just an indicator of problems . 
  no , you would n't fit in . 
  from your earlier post :  taking in migrants if they 're likely to integrate ( the 60 million neediest americans will do far better than say turks or somalis imo ) no you totally would n't fit in . 
  can only speak for myself . 
  immigrating to sweden was smooth for me , no complaints . 
  but i might not see others ' situations through my own privilege . 
  mainly cs : go . 
  since the time i started being able to define any political opinion of mine , it has n't left the left wing . 
  some thoughts regarding specific policies or subjects evolve/change but it 's nothing extreme . 
  will not make what go away ? 
  i 'm not suggesting any solutions , just answered op 's question . 
  political party airing fear mongering [ adverts ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jr8sfev8gaw ) where people share their `` opinions '' about the `` increasing number of immigrants '' ( 136 people were present at the time of the advert ) is xenophobic as fuck , mate . 
  and i have n't seen any other type of arguments through the whole thing in the whole country than `` brown terrorists will destroy us '' and `` there 's so many of them everyone will go bankrupt '' ( during 3 years not even 300 people were granted asylum or similar , for the reference ) . 
   people do n't like to be called xenophobic and racist . 
  people do n't like to be marginalized by the people who do n't like being called xenophobic and rasist . 
   what is preventing a common policy on this issue ? 
  xenophobia and racism, 
  not everyone , who wants kids , wants to be pregnant . 
  the world is overpopulated . 
  and `` importing '' a 3 year old foreigner would make them european anyway . 
   that felt wrong . 
  why ? 
  border checks while going by car/train/bus is not uncommon on european borders . 
  i myself have been checked 2:30 after entering germany , they even asked to show the documents of my cats and checked my bag . 
  a guest from the netherlands had also her bags checked on the germany-denmark border . 
  no and in fact a reasonable number of people are opposing the military . 
  i usually drink any accessible `` american '' coffee - big cup of weak coffee , no milk , no sugar . 
  if i 'm in a cafe then i like those sweet coffee drinks with syrups , etc , just with vegan alternative instead of milk . 
  about the `` culture '' of drinking coffee , i doubt it exists ( with regard to how ) . 
  though if i 'm lazy to use the coffee maker then i just drink it with the grounds , i guess this is unusual in sweden . 
  i do n't want kids and i absolutely do n't want to be pregnant under any circumstances . 
  in theory i could imagine myself adopting a kid from some poor land when i 'm like 40 but i 'm not sure is it my actual thought or just some mind trick i do to comfort myself because my current boyfriend of 2 + years maybe wants kids in the future . 
  i live in stockholm , would love to live somewhere in norrbotten ( lule\u00e5 , boden , kiruna would be perfect ) . 
  v\u00e4nsterpartiet - the left party . 
  but i also liked socialdemocrats on facebook . 
  sverigedemokraterna - an extreme right party with nazi origins . 
  it was n't me who downvoted !, 
  i 've never even tried to get a place in gbg or malm\u00f6 , just heard it 's similar as here . 
  i live in northern stockholm too , but that 's just because i do n't have a job in kiruna . 
  they 're as crowded with people as stockholm , apartments are overpriced just like in stockholm but , unlike stockholm , there 's no winter there at all . 
  please note , i just would not like to * live * there , given that i already live in stockholm , but i enjoy visiting these places , 
  how many more questions objectifying women do we need ? 
  edit : nevermind , i just looked at your posting history . 
  see a therapist , man . 
  there 's too many of them to have a general opinion about all , everyone is different . 
  i personally only know 4 and there 's nothing common between them . 
  3 of them are 100 % cool , the 4th mentions his turkish heritage on every possible occasion and has turkey flag as his facebook cover , supports erdogan , is a bit annoying . 
   in america , it 's mostly impossible for most people to become racist nowadays lol . 
  with this logic , sexism should have been vanished millions of years ago . 
  racism exists in sweden but it 's not as socially acceptable as it seems to be in the usa . 
  if you are allowed to have a cat , get one !!, 
  adopt from a pet shelter . 
  cats there are lonely because the volunteers ca n't give enough attention to all and any cat will feel better in its own environment with its own human , even if it seems like little time for you , it is much better for a cat than its current situation . 
  if you still have a bad feeling for the cat , another option is adopting a cat who is more independent ( pet shelter volunteers would surely help you to pick a cat who is like this ) and gets tired of constant company of other cats , often older cats are like that . 
  25m \u00b2 , alone , with a cat , in northern stockholm . 
  i have previously lived alone in 46m \u00b2 and 35m \u00b2 , what i have right now feels a bit cramped . 
  the best part is that it 's easy to clean, 
  yes , after the probation period ( max 6 months ) is over . 
  since you 're just assuming stuff anyway , maybe assume positive things instead . 
  like take into account that recently a gay muslim married a man for the same time , and assume that this will become the norm . 
  or that a swedish muslim non-profit was forced to pay back the money they got from the government for sexist and homophobic propaganda . 
  no , the rights of lgbt wo n't be thrown away anywhere . 
   everyone has their preferences shocking, 
  i do n't know who downvoted you , you are right . 
   your women nobody owns women in scandinavia and such way of thinking that you hold is generally looked down upon , among guys and especially among girls . 
   how insecure are you ? 
  not at all , why should i be ? 
   browneyed blonde i know a norwegian guy who 's like that, 
  please do n't come here . 
   you literally commented on it first . 
  no i did n't . 
  i just pointed out that lithuanians are homophobic , not why . 
   it 's been decreasing for 20 years , it will keep on decreasing tell it to the women who are suffering from it right now , lol . 
  but you give the vibe of denying that * gendered * violence in lithuania exists , so there 's probably no point to further discuss it with you . 
  i 'll just say that introducing a tool that is effective in other countries might be a good idea . 
  i do n't understand at all what are you saying about my points about social inequality , just as i did n't in your previous comment and interpreted it as best as i could . 
  and yes , i did read the new law . 
  and i 'll just remind again that it was pushed by * socialdemocrats * . 
   what does that mean ? 
  the gap between people 's incomes is huge , the amount of poverty is huge  are you ok there in your paradise ? 
  yes i 'm totally ok . 
  but i know multiple people in lithuania who are not and their story would not surprise any lithuanian . 
   when people like you are gon na realise that these things come with time ( ... ) the reasons for that can be anything at all and i was n't commenting on them . 
  my point about common perception still stands . 
   everything is covered by our law as is . 
  that 's what `` laisvos visuomenes institutas '' says too  it is * covered * by the law but clearly additional tools are needed to address the fact that gendered violence statistics in lithuania is excessive  i see the `` shit '' part is a given for you ? 
  nothing is given for me because i do n't live in lithuania . 
  but it does n't matter . 
  caring about race to the bottom of `` attracting foreign investors '' , when social inequality is so huge and employees being abused in lower class jobs is something between an open secret and a norm , is backwards . 
  if you think it 's exaggerated as fuck then you must be one of the people i was referring to because that 's reflected not only as some popular perception but on a systematical level too . 
  or did i somehow miss the civil partnership legalization and istanbul convention 's ratification , and the shit of a labour law that was pushed by `` socialdemocrats '' ( ! ), 
  was just a weird dream ? 
  in sweden it 's pretty common to ask that between people you know but are not close with ( e.g. 
  at work ) . 
  but the exchange does n't have to be : * - how are you ? 
  * * - fine , thanks . 
  you ? 
  * * - i 'm fine too * equally as often it can be of this spirit : * - everything 's good ? 
  * * - not really actually * * - aww what happened ?
