  also , i just checked and you 're a moderator of r/americaisbad , so you can go chomp on a big fat one . 
  because gay marriage was recently passed in usa ? 
  and there are many vocal people in us media that decry gay marriage as literally worse than hitler ? 
  and i did signal at the beginning `` devil 's advocate '' . 
  that clause has meaning in that sentence , you know, 
  well that 's the reason why i mistrust these videos - they 're edited , it 's hard to tell how hard ( or not ) they had to try to get those reactions . 
  then again i probably would n't watch a video o two guys just walking around russia for hours, 
  it 's not loaded , because my point was never that usa is somehow worse than russia , only that when you watch a clip like that , you ca n't really tell whether this is representative . 
  it 's easy to create a narrative by selectively only showing reactions that suit it . 
  so it was n't an attack on usa , but a defence of russia - that if you wait long enough , you could probably get a montage of homophobic attacks anywhere in the world . 
  woah , was not expecting that . 
  so what 's up with all these windbags on tv proclaiming the death of civilization all the time ? 
  just to play devil 's avocado : what would the reaction be to two gay guys in southern usa ? 
  not trying to play whataboutism here , because afaik russia does have a big homophobia problem, 
  well i think this should be solved by economic reforms , and not going the greek way and just handing out money, 
  they 're getting 40 more nukes ... and warning sweden not to join nato or else, 
  is putin on malaria pills or something ? 
  one day it 's `` we 'll nuke all of you !, 
  '' , the next he wants to be buddies . 
  well , considering what a toilet the russian economy is fast becoming , the russians may well be the ones asking for a fiver . 
  just do n't pay us back in rubles , thx, 
  ireland and scotland are like two drinking buddies , in that they drink and call each other pussies . 
  australia is their distant cousin , i guess , only the pussy is replaced with a cunt, 
  i do n't think putin really cares , him being a delusional megalomaniac and all, 
  time to pack my bags, 
  the magazine is respectable , but that is not a cover of one of its issues , and they certainly did not choose him as the best mp from the horse 's mouth : http://dabrowska.blog.polityka.pl/2015/05/25/jak-to-z-okladka-polityki-dla-dudy-bylo/?nocheck=1, 
  that 's because proposing to leave the eu is stil a suicidal move in polish politics , but i think there 's quite a bit of poles who would really like to do that . 
  nope , duda 's just the new guy . 
  he could 've said he 'll make it so that it 's never cold in winter , and people still would 've voted for him , simply because he 's not komorowski, 
  of course they dropped that hot potato , the elections are over . 
  well the main issue people had with komorowski was that he did n't do anything , so how is duda 's tenure likely to pan out , considering his promises ? 
  idk , i prefer just a lazy slob over a lazy slob who is also mental, 
  well it does n't really matter all that much . 
  i seriously doubt he will delver on any of his promises ( thankfully ) , he has very little real power , and if he listens to kaczynski enough , maybe more poles will remember that pis are complete morons before the parliamentary elections, 
  funny they do n't mention the severe food shortages and gulags . 
  oh good , my country is siding with third world theocratic hellholes, 
  probablly the person most responsible for the dissolution of the soviet union . 
  for me as a pole that 's very important , but of course , in my theocracy of a country , most people think that john paul ii ended communism, 
  that 's my idea for a name for the mission, 
  exactly . 
  if i knew there was a 1 % chance that i would get hit by a car today , i would n't leave my house . 
  * six months in space * ? 
  [ celebrate your neutrality !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=equvvbj6apw ), 
  well , i also see the difference between the american belief in their values and european reserve , but i actually prefer the european mindset . 
  this is based only on what i 've observed on the internets , but americans always seem to be entirely convinced what the `` right thing '' is in any situation . 
  we 're the good guys , they 're the bad guys , with nothing in between . 
  sadly , life is rarely that simple, 
  i would n't , because of the runaway consumerist culture . 
  also , i 'm not much into guns or cheering for the military , regardless of whom they happen to be bombing . 
  and also they must learn to pronounce words properly . 
  and they do n't have the champions league, 
  used to be balcerowicz, 
  and this is why i 'm a `` traitor to the slavic race '', 
  they both want to dissolve europe , they both hate homosexuals , muslims , liberals , college students , the elderly , children , people who talk a bit funny , or anyone else who is n't a braindead fascist male aged 28-60 . 
  of course they 're buddies, 
  will there be a raferendum on france becoming `` paris oblast '' ? 
  i think it 's fair to say that by now he 's rotating at 5000 rpm, 
  this would never , ever work . 
  try convincing the french to speak english . 
  all that 's needed is just teaching a foreign language , and that 's already happening . 
  yes , but only when all the member states get their shit together . 
   `` i do n't think the danes fully understand the consequences of what will happen if denmark joins the american-controlled missile defence . 
  if it happens , danish war ships will become targets for russian atomic missiles , '' yes , they will . 
  and ? 
  mtw 2 with stainless steel mod , that stuff is like crack, 
  well , russia is n't poland , it 's more conservative in many matters - see gay rights , for example . 
  as if russia would agree to anything remotely resembling fair referendums anywhere in ukraine . 
  not to mention - it would be a blatant annexation of a large part of a sovereign country . 
  and would demonstrate that europe indeed can do nothing to oppose putin . 
  and you 're delusional if you think the buck stops at eastern ukraine . 
  putin wants to control kiev , either through veto power ( that 's why he wants donbass to remain in ukraine ) or through just conquering the whole country militarily . 
  and why not , it 's not like nato has done anything to stop him so far, 
  very much so , if anything , this whole mess will deal with poland 's overdependence on trade with russia, 
  nah , but i 'd say bribery is still a thing here, 
  again poland ca n't do expionage . 
  if you know the guy 's a traitor , eighter you threaten him into becoming a double agent and feed the russians false information , or you put him in a position where he ca n't do any damage , but you do n't announce you 've outed him , because now russia will try to get another spy in . 
  black sea, 
  the power fantasies of a kid who 's not popular at school, 
  well , i live in western poland , so around here noone takes seriously the possibility of a russian invasion . 
  at the same time , most people agree that it 's better to be safe than sorry, 
  i know this is a joke , but you 're [ not far off ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/suppressed_research_in_the_soviet_union#physics ), 
  he 's not dead , he went back to the lab that built him to undergo maintenance, 
  even more so when you consider that these are missiles , meaning disposables - not something that can be used for a long time . 
  how willing would the polish government be to explode a few million zloty ? 
  by right wing i mean the ukips and so on . 
  i prefer my parties not leaning too much to either side anyway, 
  i 'm really hoping this increase in support for right wing parties in europe is a passing fad . 
  well , no , and i can understand how my comment may be seen to be anti-us , but you have to admit , this whole tense situation in europe is to america 's advantage . 
  and they 're not really trying to be a moderating voice in the conflict, 
  i do n't think the us govt would like that , they already have to dance around the eu . 
  a truly united europe would be strong both eonomically and militarily , and the us does n't like to talk with someone they ca n't easily coerce . 
  as it is , they can make deals with individual countries , if the eu united it would be all or none, 
  i 'm starting to think the us government is riling up european countries just so they buy weapons . 
  dae from poland just remember to slaughter their pig ? 
  meh , poles are always shown as russians wearing fur caps and drinking vodka in -20 c , calling each other comrade , with some sad balalaika song playing in the background . 
  [ old but extremely relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6a_weyzky4 ), 
  news at 11, 
  [ putin ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sapyrhhkiq ), 
  i think he does , he gets upset when the media poke fun at him .
