  two sternly worded letters ? 
  well , the ideology itself is not evil , just stupid . 
  the implementation of it , however , was plainly criminal, 
  probably some drunk guy who could n't get on the bus . 
  or , as russia today will soon report it : estonian government sentences all russian citizens to death, 
  maybe ... or maybe ukraine 's old news , now it 's time for putin to score some tzar points on estonia . 
  tell me , do you have a large russian population in estonia ? 
  and if so , why are you repressing them so horribly ? 
  do you want putin to go in and defend them ? 
  do you ? 
  stop eating russian babies you estonian nazi !, 
  except for germans . 
  for germans two 's enough, 
  quality of life is not the problem in russia , it 's that putin made his career on propaganda about the horrible west which sold russia out , how great russia can get up from its knees . 
  the only way to even try and attempt to fulfill those pipdreams is by flexing figurative muscles . 
  russians got crimea ( and for free ) , they pretty much have eastern ukraine , think they 'll want to stop now ? 
  that should be their tourist strapline : not as bad as the mongol hordes, 
  lithuania is being very ornery lately . 
  poland has their backs though , i 'm pretty sure, 
  most of the media in russia is state owned , so they do n't really need to beat their journalists . 
  foreign journalists better be careful though, 
  in poland that would be a problem , but that 's because in poland you ca n't have just one . 
  and we do n't have beer in 0.3 l cans generally, 
  i 'm surprised you have n't already , since putin clearly does n't consider the baltics sovereign nations , more like little scamps who want to be part of russia really , but are just going through their rebel phase, 
  ron swanson used to be in the kgb !, 
  but they 're still dependent on westminster , and the feeling i got was that independence would solve most of their problems . 
  my point is that they 'd probably be disappointed anyway, 
  that 's true , but you 'd be hard pressed to find a country where people do n't complain about their gov ' t, 
  true , but recently they became much more active . 
  if scitland did leave the uk , this would be a precedent for other nationalist movements, 
  a lot of glaswegians probably forgot not to get pissed . 
  to all the sad scots - at least you 'll be spared the disappointment of finding out your own government is shit - you know , like every other government in the history of all the world , ever . 
  maybe this will put the growing separatist movements in other european countries to rest . 
  danish guy has the best music by far . 
  shame , the russian clergy was always badass . 
  like norse clerics who fought in wars . 
  by the way , kaliningrad used to be yours , no ? 
  sounds like some norwegian beer or something, 
  only if he 's hungarian http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stephen_b%c3%a1thory, 
  germany should get kaliningrad, 
  tells you something about the scottish - the roman empire conquered everything in its path , got to scotland , decided to build a wall instead ( do n't remember who made that joke first ), 
  they 're still nukes . 
  i very much doubt the rest of the world would be interested in the `` tactical '' bit, 
  brace for incoming poles, 
  shhhh !, 
  i 'd like like to see the results for `` hell no ! '', 
  um , well it is linked to europe , in that they tried a couple of times to make forays into it . 
  good job someone was vigilant http://wordwarriorsandiego.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/husaria.jpg, 
  hmmm , ok , but still , those countries are quite liberal , and rarely , if ever , do churches interfere in matters of state . 
  in the case of the uk it 's actually the other way around , with the church having to adapt to the 21st century . 
  my point about turkey was that they really do take their religion seriously , and it 's not just the muslim clerics , but government as well, 
  ironically , the most secular countries on earth, 
  i do n't know , is there any eu country which is n't explicitly secular ? 
  and i mean constitution-wise , we do have rightwingers in poland who want to make it a theocracy, 
  separation of church and state , abiding by human rights and eu trade standards . 
  if they can pull it off then yes , but i do n't see it . 
  turkey seems much more middle-east than europe, 
  you 've got me . 
  why is it that it 's usually not the british who get the qi puns ? 
  i 'm polish and i would n't go there, 
  * hail , savage !, 
  we seek passage through your land !, 
  i shall give you one pierog for a bucket of gas , how 's that sound ? 
  i read the title as `` us . 
  army captures surprised polish village '' . 
  well that would be friggin surprising, 
  zakopane in poland . 
  the mountains and vistas are nice and all , but the town of zakopane itself is purely a tourist trap . 
  so avoid that if you want to see tatry, 
  this was to be expected , poland has been too vocal in its deficance of russia . 
  i 'm sure we 'll manage , and if anything , this might push the idea of an energy union forward . 
  about time we reduced our dependance on russian gas, 
  good , they need to learn that they 're in europe , a country founded in many ways on enlightenment values . 
  you want islamic law , go to an islamic country, 
  i 'm worried that this might me an increasing trend in europe , with right-wing nationalistic parties on the rise . 
  so can we start calling russia soviet union again ? 
  i think it 's time to end the charade, 
  well since there does n't seem to be any war because of independent kosovo , and the citizens want independence , then i support it . 
  i wonder if lukashenko will leave office before he dies, 
  i 'd like to see putin or lavrov try and spin that psycho as a valiant defender of the motherland against the nazi aggressors, 
  does finland know that they want to join russia , or are they about to be volunteered ? 
  a pixar film !, 
  `` wojtek the bear finds the meaning of friendship by mercilessly mauling nazi soldiers with his paws '', 
  well i 'm guessing 1.0 would mean everyone has a positive opinion of that country , -1.0 everyone has a negative opinion and 0 means equal amounts of positive and negative . 
  so something like 0.5 should mean that for every negative there 's 1.5 positive . 
  or something , i 'm not very good with numbers, 
  '' ... on russian territory '' watch out estonia , putin might be sending a message pertaining to your borders, 
  please remove your cameras from my house, 
  i actually have a bit of a weak spot for danes , because during the floods in 1997 , danish firemen were helping out in my city . 
  thanks for that < 3, 
  they 've integrated very well . 
  a family lives next to my house , and they 're doing quite well , their kid speaks polish and has polish friends . 
  and whenever the polish football team plays on tv they always cheer the loudest, 
  nah , man , czechs are nice , laid back people . 
  i 'd actually thought czechs do n't like poles for being too dramatic with our historical grievances towards everybody, 
  we do n't get to meet that many latvians . 
  i 'd guess our attitude would be the same as towards estonians . 
  i 'm more surprised about how low lithuania did, 
  prophetic ? 
  bring bacon !,
