since then , arla has managed to find other markets for almost all the affected goods danish company sells its cheese anyway , russia ca n't import cheese from eu . 
  putin does n't get how sanctions work , does he ? 
  the ribbentrop molotov pact did not end at poland , the baltics were also to be occupied, 
  formerly [ drugs and crime ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nowa_s%c3%b3l ) , now a mayor that other towns want to steal from us, 
  on the one hand you 're right - usa and europe failed to keep their guarantees . 
  but the flip side is this : we would have gone to a potentially suicidal war over a small ( and strategically insignificant ! ), 
  peninsula , the population of which is overwhelmingly pro-russian anyway . 
  i understand the bitterness that ukraine must now feel . 
  but i still prefer a world where the crimea changed hands without one drop of blood to a global war - and make no mistake , if nato intervened , wwiii would 've happened . 
  really , what matters now , in terms of global politics , is not ukraine . 
  the crisis in ukraine was forced , and resulted from deeply embedded west-russia mistrust . 
  it is not really surprising that putin did what he could to stop ukraine being `` stolen '' from him . 
  i mean , if a coup can change the government in a neighbouring country run by oligarchs , that might give the russian people some ideas . 
  what we need to watch out for is the baltics . 
  they are far less russian than ukraine to begin with , and for a long time now they have n't exactly been in the kremlin 's sphere of influence . 
  if russia starts sending tourists there , we will know that putin 's ambitions are indeed expansionist, 
  to be fair , ukraine 's got a snowball 's chance in hell of getting it back, 
  i will say that op does n't say how the results were gathered . 
  the question was how many people in x country do you think are christian , and that was contrasted to some other number . 
  now that number might have come from a conducted poll , or it might be some other official number , say given by the polish church . 
  my nitpicking comes from my own conviction that an actual poll would result in a lower percentage of christians ( though this is just a gut feeling that i have ), 
  almost as good as tiny kox, 
  interesting . 
  i do n't think poland 's 94 % christian though . 
  a lot of people simply were baptised and do n't want to face the gauntlet of leaving the church . 
  at least i hope so , or else we really are the bible belt of europe, 
  thanks . 
  so who 's this funded by ? 
  the state ? 
  i would n't be surprised , what with putin 's recent revisionism and his desire to recreate that ` ol soviet feeling . 
  also , the billboard clearly confuses what respect means . 
  reds were `` respected '' because they had nukes , the same way a very drunk man with a machete would be `` respected '' - preferably from afar, 
  why do you guys like poles so much ? 
  a friend of mine visited georgia last year and said that whenever someone discovered he was polish , they immediately insisted he come over for dinner and booze . 
  ca n't read cyryllic , what 's the billboard about ? 
  used to be a holiday destination in the ` ol days . 
  shamed to say i do n't know very much about bulgaria, 
  i bet all the meps are bowsing r/gonewild, 
  it 's really strange how all far right parties in all countries seem to be universally stupid . 
  is n't the bnp still around ? 
  c'mon hungary , elect someone sane, 
  being healthy is all well and good , but think about the other side of the argument - if people died at 50 , there would be no problem with zus !, 
  that 's poles for you . 
  germany , our biggest ally , eu supporter and trade partner . 
  but nevar forget 1939 !!!, 
  buildings ? 
  there 's this really good pub near me . 
  they 've got pale ale and darts and everything, 
  yeah , that is kind of a dick move , but then again , what do you expect - we agreed to join the euro before the financial crisis struck , and we largely avoided its effects by not being in the eurozone , so you ca n't really blame our govt for playing dumb, 
  i do n't think war between western european countries would be that likely , primarily because for the past nearly-century the people have come to understand and know each other too well . 
  there may be slight dislikes , but not enough to warrant going war over . 
  and anyway , europeans no longer think in terms of territorial expansion and war being a jolly good adventure . 
  * sigh * yup , let 's all just swim in our historical cesspits . 
  you know , since there 's not a future to worry about . 
  every country on earth has its right wingers and neo-nazis , how bout we just treat them like them ill-informed silly persons they are ? 
  what i want to know is - why the hell is this common knowledge ? 
  if these guys are indeed russian spies , they should be either given false information , or a choice between flipping to our side and a shallow grave . 
  why our government would make this public , i have no idea, 
  north korea is practically a second norway, 
  hmm , i 'm not sure that 's quite representative . 
  i mean it 's on thing to declare yourself a christian , another to be a fundamentalist bible-basher . 
  those are mainly south , south-east . 
  and around torun of course, 
  i 'm a terrible racist, 
  wow , your treasury should think of making an indie game , they 've got the pixel art covered, 
  they chose putin because of the dysmal disaster that yeltsin was , country spiralling into a deep depression , all industry taken over for free by oligarchs , the currency devaluing rapidly overnight ... 
  sorry to say , but the american experiment with freedum in russia did n't quite work out , people always want a little order too . 
  of course now they have so much order they 're practically a police state, 
  if you ask me , fifa is even worse . 
  i 'm all for boycotting those fuckers , or even better dissolving all of those organisations . 
  `` the architects of the sporting facilites are to have their eyes plucked out after construction is complete '' `` ambrosia and virgins ' flesh is to be served by chirruping naked teenage eunuchs '', 
  saved them by enslaving them under an abusive , militaristic dictatorship , killing off all their educated people and trying to erase their national identities and replacing them with a sick communist dream ? 
  thanks , i guess . 
  think i 'm gonne read me some kafka, 
  i 'd argue this point , however your nick does say `` great stalin '' . 
  if you think one of the worst mass murderers in human history was great , then your views on statesmanship are clearly skewed, 
  i did say anti-putin , not anti-russian . 
  though i will say that i liked russians a lot more a year ago than i do now, 
  i 'd say this sub is more anti-putin than anthing, 
  and gentleman and scholar , do n't forget those, 
  hmmm , maybe the troubles was just one big misunderstanding ? 
  hah , exactly . 
  but that 's not the point - finland wanting to join nato voluntarily , russians will still see this as aggressive expansion, 
  yeah , ginger people have a harder time than minorities, 
  i see the referendum hangover is still going on there , there ... 
  we have a lot of history here , but not much in terms of future ... ( c doug stanhope ), 
  come to poland and experience our culture !, 
  or we 'll come to you and take it with us, 
  i wo n't have a word said against knedliki !, 
  i agree that probably every military on earth has a number of contingent plans for various scenarios . 
  but for me at least , the russian `` defence '' plan involves quite a lot of conquering of other countries . 
  the russian army had loads of trouble against georgia , a small country with old soviet gear . 
  think what would happen if they went against leopard tanks and patria amvs ? 
  have you seen the roads in poland ? 
  if russians invaded , australia could make it on time, 
  the us just likes a good fight now and then, 
  afaik russia also requires passing a language aptitude test in order to get . ru citizenship . 
  not that that would make any difference ... 
  you might discover that suddenly a large part of your country wants independence , and a surprisingly well armed militia has assembled , helped by foreign ( most likely russian speaking ) volunteers with professional gear but no visible insignia . 
  just saying,
