  remember dobby ? 
  i think the reason he does what he does is because it gives him a woody . 
  yup , so many people i know make retarded arguments against same sex marriage . 
  apparently equal rights mean that everyone in poland will immediately become gay and our nation shall die out . 
  i think germany should reboot the [ maus ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/panzer_viii_maus ) , purely for its psychological impact, 
  ca n't we just gift that to the czechs ? 
  all this will do is complicate some people 's lives , and it 's not like poland will get some massive gains . 
  as if the pepiki do n't think of us as stuck in historical arguments already ... 
  the west never used that excuse , what are you even talking about ? 
  are nato soldiers on the ground in ukraine ? 
  was ukraine joining nato ever even an option ? 
  it only became one after putin invaded ( it still wo n't happen ) . 
  if anyone 's a hypocrite it 's chomsky , because he judges western actions on a moral basis , and russia 's actions on a geopolitical one . 
  either use the same standards for both or just shut up , because you 're wasting everyone 's time, 
  i did , not a word of condemnation of putin . 
  all he said was more or less `` of course russia was going to react , protect its interests , the west provoked putin , etc. '' . 
  basically , whenever the west does something , it 's capitalist imperialism , whenever any crackpot dictatorship does , it 's logical geopolitics . 
  getting * fucked *, 
  * resisting only makes my dick harder *, 
  as in you got fired from public tv ? 
  tvn has liberal leanings , but i would n't say they were ever po 's propaganda mouthpiece . 
  they thrive on controversy , and it 's not like they pulled their punches when it came to the previous government 's affairs . 
  well , it 's hard to argue that the previous government also did n't have supportive public media . 
  but the new gov ' t went far further , and i 'm saying this as someone who was n't really a supporter of the previous lot . 
  i ca n't remember polish public media actively avoiding any subject that would harm the ruling party , and spending all their time on saying how brilliant they are , and how the opposition ( national and international ) are a bunch of crooks who wish ill upon poland . 
  the public tv channels are starting to look more and more like rt ffs , the public media are run by kurski !, 
  you do n't get any more manipulative and dishonest than that . 
  cars , pfffft . 
  credit card theft is where it 's at, 
  see ? 
  poles are n't xenophobic after all . 
  we just hate everybody , including each other . 
  i think mitchell and webb dealt with it pretty well, 
  the current ruling party literally has a former communist prosecutor in their ranks . 
  this same party will try and undermine their political enemies by saying who their grandparents were . 
  every time a right wing party wins the parliamentary elections , they declare that communism has finally ended in poland . 
  so i 've lived through like 3 revolutions already . 
  it 's not going to end soon as well . 
  the old aparatchiks may be too old to be in a conspiracy , but the new idea all the cool kids are talking about is how poland is still run by corrupt children of communists . 
  so yeah , i 'm 28 , but i 'm still guilty of being part of the soviet oppressors . 
  i do n't know , poland is a pretty good place to visit regardless . 
  you ' be surprised , but there never was a craze for either of those things ... 
  no it 's not , your graph shows the growth * rate * , and growth rate tends to decrease the higher the total gdp is . 
  poland was recovering from communism , so it was relatively easy to do better , but we were slowly hitting a wall with what we could do ourselves, 
  no , it should 've been growing more slowly . 
  but we 're worse off now is what you 're saying, 
   yeah , sorry , in 2003 i was too busy looking for food at the dumpster you would know ... 
  i 'm kind fuzzy on my us history , but was n't rhode island founded by some religious guy as a tolerant safe haven for people religiously persecuted ? 
  obviously , we would be what we were [ meant ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93lithuanian_commonwealth#/media/file:polish-lithuanian_commonwealth_at_its_maximum_extent.svg ) to be . 
  if it were n't for you other countries ... 
  yeah !, 
  remember how rich we used to be before we became a eu member ? 
  man , i still remember the days poland had no deficit ... 
  bigotry does n't recognize borers , it seems, 
   yeah , sorry , in 2003 i was too busy looking for food at the dumpster before the eu : poland is a strong , independent country , with a boming economy , virtually no unemployment and a great housing market . 
  after the eu : poland is literally a concentration camp , where hard working , honest poles work day and night for the grinning prussian invader , and get a kick in the teeth for their trouble edit : i am referring to your other well researched and not in an way ignorant post :  and handing our domestic market over to foreign corporations . 
  we 're kinda like russia - only worse . 
  russia sells out their resources . 
  we sell out our economic future and condemn us to being the factory bench of western europe for ever . 
  want to start a business ? 
  too bad the western competition has cornered every inch of the market and can pressure you out by sake of having vastly more resources . 
  but hey - there 's always low paid work in a western-owned factory !, 
  and at the end of the month you can carry your salary to tesco , lidl or metro and send off your money to berlin or london . 
  but yes , thanks for the 17 billions !, 
  we get a few shiny roads ( that are already crumbling ) and playgrounds and that for the low price of our economic future . 
  what a great deal !, 
  i do n't know . 
  is alabama full of devout christians with a persecution complex ? 
  no , but you ca n't really expect consistency and logic with some people . 
  basically , poland is the `` martyr of nations '' , and everyone is out to get us . 
  yes , even you , and i mean specifically you u/nic027 . 
   however ( there is always a however ... ) i do wonder if there are n't a decent proportion of people who do remember poland before it entered the eu and are concerned about what might happen in the future in terms of the ability of poles to exercise their right to self determination . 
  and of course it would be fair to say that the rest of the eu has benefited from polish membership too . 
  of course . 
  there are even people in poland who think life was better under communism . 
  not that the fact that they were young back then is any factor here , of course ... 
   to be fair , boiling down the discussion to just money , or whatever simplifies it to the point of absurdity . 
  i agree entirely , but even if you just look at the bare figures , poland is benefiting enormously , besides all the other benefits that being in the eu brings us . 
  i do n't know , it 's like some people do n't remember poland before we entered the eu, 
  how much of that money is brought back to poland by those workers ? 
  is germany forcing them to work there ? 
  would these people be emplyed in poland ? 
  are we also robbing ukraine by hiring the multitude of ukrainians who work in poland for less than poles do ? 
  who 's outlook on the situation is naive and simplistic ? 
  edit : fuck it , sometimes i wish the eu would stop the subsidies to poland , just to demonstrate the very point of how beneficial it is for us . 
  but i 'm not * that * petty edit2 : also , this outlook annoys me to no end : `` germany is benefiting from poles working there . 
  this is unacceptable , we should be getting money and the right to work in germany , but they should get nothing in return . 
  otherwise , we are literally occupied by nazis '', 
  from my experience , you tell that to a polish right-winger , who says we are being robbed by the eu , and he 'll respond that our independence is being sold to the eu ( russian-german condominium ) . 
  so we are being robbed by the eu by getting loads of money . 
  you guys need to ... czechia priviledge, 
   the corrupt mix of privatizing german-aligned business profiteurs , eu careerists and ex-communist russia-appeasers were voted out . 
  it 's a conspiracy , man !, 
  i 'd say around 20 -30 % agree with this sentiment , 20 - 30 % disagree , and 40 - 60 % just do n't care . 
  there was [ an investigation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_polish_air_force_tu-154_crash#official_polish_government_report ) carried out by the polish government . 
  you may be confusing it with [ a farce perpetrated by a band of raving lunatics ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_polish_air_force_tu-154_crash#polish_parliamentary_committee_investigation ), 
  yeah . 
   the smolensk incident is still not properly investigated , russia is blocking it . 
  the incident is the most thoroughly investigated air incident in polish history . 
  or they could try and pass bills that are n't unconstitutional .
