  also , they happen to believe that having sex with a 10 year old is ok . can they go on living side-by-side ? 
  what laws would you then have ? 
  a seperate set of laws for one half and another for the other ? 
  this is the crux of the issue , culture is not just what food they eat , what holidays they celebrate and what hats they wear . 
  the people who now live comfortably in europe have either adopted the european system of values , or are at least aware that they have to follow it , or their original culture had some overlap with it to begin with . 
  i mean , there is a reason why you do n't get chinese suicide bombers . 
  ... space ? 
  yeah , they fell for this one , though let 's be honest - this is n't something you 'd be shocked to hear from an american, 
  oh you, 
   people from hundreds of different cultures have shown they can coexist in peace . 
  in western europe and the usa , there are millions of people from east asian ( vietnamese , thai , japanese , korean , chinese , filipino , malay ) descent , latin american descent , indian descent , etc. 
  that live perfectly well with each other even though they do n't all follow the same culture and traditions . 
  i have to disagree . 
  these people may * come * from different cultures , but they have essentially assimilated into european culture . 
  it 's because they understand that they can not try and practice customs which are in direct conflict with european customs that they are able to coexist peacefully . 
  of course , as you say , there are those who do not want to conform to european norms , who demand that the practices of their place of origin become the law of the land in their adopted country . 
  that 's why you get mass protests from * moderate * muslims when someone insults their prophet - because in islamic countries , violence for such an act is perfectly normal . 
  in essence , what you 're saying is : multiculturalism can work , so long as everyone subscribes to the same system of values . 
  this whole thing is one big `` yeah , no shit , sherlock '' situation . 
  the multicultural dream is dead , the sooner europe owns up to that fact the better . 
  you irish just ca n't let go of that sectarianism , can you ? 
  poles are n't that much into space and space exploration . 
  it 's all foreign anyway, 
  and they call themselves `` law and justice '' . 
  it 's like if ukip called themselves `` the politically correct wishy-washy leftie party '', 
  the game would only allow you to play as a mean dick to everyone . 
  yes we are . 
  and yet , it 's only whenever their people lose that they start claiming something 's afoot, 
   polish people just do n't want it . 
  i had n't realised we had an official spokesperson who represents every single polish person, 
   did a huge fraud during the local elections in november 2014 please provide * one_single_shred_of_evidence * . 
  why the fuck did you say nothing when pis got single majority ? 
  oh right , it 's only fraud if pis loses , got it, 
  phew , i thought our chocolate confectioneries were in danger, 
  i 'm really worried that there will be serious backlash against brown-looking people , sooner or later . 
  people from the middle east are still minorities in europe , and i do n't think it 's impossible that some news story will spark essentially pogroms against them . 
  the multiculturalist dream has failed either way, 
  crikey , jeff, 
  plot twist : it 's actually a submarine in disguise, 
  impressive , but still a shadow of the formidable naval power the czechs wielded during their colonial times . 
  those countries do n't want to be in the eu though . 
  the map is just rubbing it in, 
  i like how there 's a color scheme for non-european countries just for turkey, 
  so they 're swedes . 
  should n't they treat them the same way they would anyone else who refuses to follow the law ? 
  as in : a criminal ? 
  ca n't you ... throw those people out of your country ? 
  or at least station a bunch of burly armed men in the `` no-go '' zones ? 
  first i did a state funded internship , then i worked for a shitty company for half a year , after that i got a contract at a small company - and all i 've got is a ba in english . 
  i 've had to work for minimum wage for half a year , but eventually i got a raise , and will probably get another one this year as well . 
  and i live in a pretty small town , but similar job offers are n't at all rare . 
  now please point out to me which part of that is difficult to do . 
  unless someone expects to get 2.5 k/month off the bat with their sociology degree and no work experience , it is entirely possible to get a decent job in poland . 
  edited for spelling, 
  what education ca n't you afford ? 
  i went to university and both my parents ' wages were below average . 
  very few people at my university were from well-off families . 
  then there 's student loans . 
  but no , it 's the gubmint/jews/ex-communists deliberately on purpose denying me my rightfully deserved six figure job . 
  ca n't you ? 
  yes , because you 're either rich or literally eating your own shit for sustenance . 
  just look at your comment - apparently a `` normal '' life is going to spain every year !, 
  tell me more how people who can afford flat screen tvs and relatively good cars are pleb - because those are the people i keep hearing complaining how `` poland is in ruins '' . 
  you 've reminded me of another common polish trait - '' * if someone else is well-off , then that must be because they 're either former communists or blatant thieves who are robbing me * '' . 
  i 'm not saying there * are n't * poor people in poland , and i 'm not saying * every * poor person is just lazy , but the amount of entitlement in poland is just staggering . 
  * i deserve to have anything i want , and if i do n't have it , it 's not my fault !, 
   our results suggest that the transition from central planning is still incomplete , at least in the psychology of people . 
  i think this is still very much the case . 
  here 's how a large number of poles think : i do n't have any specialist skills or education , and i 'm not ambitious or creative enough to start a succesfull business myself - so it 's the government 's fault i ca n't go to spain for my holidays every year . 
  edit because letters, 
  was expecting some soldiers in a boat, 
  oh you finnish people , always with your metal ... 
  the reason poles are miserable is that while poland went from a ruined post-communist satellite state to a modern liberal democracy , we still have an inferiority complex when compared to western europe . 
  our wages are not really comparable , and this makes people really angry - yes , we can live relatively comfortable and secure lives , but those * germans * have it much better . 
  so in a way , it does n't matter how much better it is , you still get people who reminisce about communism - forgetting that things like toilet paper and oranges were luxury goods back then . 
  slovenia is a beautiful mountainy country in the balkans . 
  slovakia is like the mute brother of the czech republic . 
  they 're pretty cool , though edit : are the flags and names so similar on purpose ? 
  you know , to troll foreigners, 
  which western values , in your view , should be suspect , and which middle-eastern values should europe adopt ? 
  i 'm asking because while i may think of a few of the former , i ca n't think of a simple example of the latter, 
  how do you check if they 're members of is , though ? 
  it 's not like fundamentalists are going to start giving our id cards ... 
  you are right , i am basing my views solely on this one , isolated case . 
  the occurrence i mentioned because it happened just a few days ago , i hear shit like that all the time , especially among older people . 
  frankly i find it difficult to believe you 've never met anyone who would be anti-semitic . 
  especially in warsaw , with morons from the entire country flocking to the cross . 
  i predict prices and unemployment in poland to go up soon , so it 's quite likely it 'll turn out our current gov ' t were jews all along, 
  yes , i am polish , but i accept that there was ( and still is ) antisemitism in poland which had nothing to do with nazi occupation . 
  better to own up to that fact , than go apeshit anytime someone points that out, 
  just last weekend , in a pub , i was witness to three guys embarking on a half hour tirade on how the jews are to blame for everything and how hitler should 've finished the job . 
  these same people would be furious if someone told them they 're antisemites . 
  interesting how poles get butthurt about this , considering you would n't need to walk far in poland before you met a vocal antisemite . 
  pretty much every holiday family meetup, 
  of course poles did n't go see deadpool it 's foreign, 
  that 's not our head of state , since we now have an emperor and all ... 
  ladies and gentlemen , we 've just made sarcasm illegal . 
  so is there some concerted effort on the part of muslims in denmark ? 
  do they protest when other people around them eat pork , or is this just danish peope being super pc ? 
  i 've always thought jaroslaw kaczynski and antoni macierewicz hated putin ...
