  eurobros and usbros got our back , ` tis a proud day / salute, 
  fine , if it 's realpolitik then why does it only apply to russia and other crackpot dictatorships ? 
  why can putin use that as justification , but the west is just babykilling monsters if they take the same approach ( even though the west 's response to the ukrainian crisis was economical , not military ? ), 
  what indepth analysis ? 
  most of what he said was about how shit the us is because of what they did during the cold war . 
  the only thing related to the conflict he said everyone knew anyway - that there would be a reaction from russia when ukraine wanted to sign an agreement with the eu . 
  and i remind you , joining nato was n't even on the table when this mess started , it was n't about military expansion by the west , it was about strenghtening economic ties with europe . 
  yanukovytch scrapped that deal ( most likely because putin told him to , but i have no evidence of that , so fine ) and that caused popular unrest in kiev . 
  and according to chomsky , this apparently gives russia the green light to instigate a civil war, 
  thirteen minutes of historical whataboutism . 
  anything the west does is imperialism , militarism , expansion - whereas russia `` has a case '' . 
  what case ? 
  to militarily invade a sovereign country because they think it still belongs to them ? 
  it 's funny how when chomsky talks about what nato did it 's clearly painting them as evil warmongering , immoral warlords , but what russia is doing is just realpolitik . 
  i 'd like to know what his opinion is on poland joining the eu and nato , because if the world listened to him , we 'd still be a puppet state akin to belarus . 
  i hear the mountains of unsorted garbage are a must-see, 
  denmark , because bacon and beer, 
  i do n't think he 'll ever really leave . 
  maybe when he 's old and senile , but the whole current structure of russia depends on putin . 
  * how can i get those sanctions off my country without getting out of ukraine ? 
  i know , i 'll pretend i 'm doing something nice for the gays , everyone in europe is gay after all . 
  i 've never met anyone from poland , outside of police officers , who would own a gun . 
  the only person i 've met who does own one was a wealthy german . 
  it 's hard not to be cynical about this . 
  i 'm pretty sure very few of the refugees poland takes in will stay here , we ca n't give them the kind of handouts that germany or sweden can . 
  i know i 'll get downvoted for this , but while i sympathise with the plight of people escaping a war zone , i ca n't help but notice they 're escaping to where the money is ... 
  if you have permission , then that 's sexual permissiveness . 
  they much prefer to have sex with women without their permission , or even better , with their explicit refusal, 
  yes , build even more mosques - that 'll show those muslims !, 
  only in scotland, 
  fair enough . 
  i will remind you though , that the last time terrorists tried to blow up scotland , a scot punched a man who was on fire, 
  ask some farmer about homemade \u015bliwowica . 
  now that 's a good ( short ) evening 's drinking, 
  food : white sausage with horseraddish drink : ma\u015blanka, 
  i do n't think anyone will notice if it 's on a saturday in glasgow . 
  she 'll be lucky if she 's not drugged and left in a ditch somewhere, 
  good man, 
  yup, 
  well it has been pretty flippin ' hot these past few weeks, 
  uk wants its defence to stay right where it is : in the hands of the us, 
  we 're in risk of deflation , so i do n't think any significant increase will occur edit : yes , correct, 
  i did bump across quite a few ukrainians recently , and i live in western poland . 
  enjoyable bunch all round, 
   czech crime rate is lowest since year 1991 , but we still have a long way to reach crime rate comparable with last years of commie regime . 
  uh , surely you mean reported crime ? 
  i do n't know how it was in the czech republic , but pretty much everyone was doing at least some shady deals in poland during communism - otherwise you would n't get anything done, 
  nope , still do n't get russian humour, 
  thanks mate , now a joke from one of kevin bridges 's stand up shows makes sense, 
  `` czaj '' is a very strong tea mixed with tobacco , drunk by inmates in polish prisons, 
  would n't suprise me , whenever i hear kaczy\u0144ski that 's exactly what i think, 
   pis ruled from 2005-2007 in an unstable coalition with populist and nationalist parties . 
  under the leadership of jaros\u0142aw kaczy\u0144ski , then prime minister and now party leader , poland had tense relations with germany , with warsaw trying to use germany 's historical guilt over world war ii to improve poland 's bargaining position in the eu . 
  i 'll bet a hat of chestnuts that this will be the case again . 
  pis is all about dragging the past, 
  i seriously doubt most americans know * that * much about europe, 
  sounds familiar . 
  yes , a lot of `` patriots '' in poland think anyone who works in the uk or ireland is treated like a second class citizen and is looked down upon . 
  depends who you ask . 
  people who 've been there speak very favourably of it . 
  lots of poles have relatives in ireland ( including me ) , and for some reason , we get on really well with the irish . 
  we like the people , we like the countryside , we definitely like the wages . 
  pretty much only the weather bothers us . 
  then there are people who know next to nothing about foreign countries , ca n't speak any english , and think that poles who emigrate to ireland end up working for a pittance as toilet cleaners , sleeping on park benches and so forth . 
  then again that 's probably because that 's what they 'd end up doing if they went abroad . 
  because someone russian may also read that . 
  does n't matter what stories they spin , so long as the average russian is convinced it 's all the evil west 's fault, 
  good , if push comes to shove i know where to run to, 
  reaction on polish websites is predictable - pure hate and vitriol towards a succesfull man from people who are just about qualified to flip burgers edit : i 'm referring to the comments sections edit deux : i see not desecrating the bones of the dead because they 're rich is now a social faux pas , i apologise, 
  i like the fact russia has some colorful tents, 
  i live in poland and if i want to know anything about what 's happening here , i still rely on statistics . 
  swedes did n't learn a thing it seems ... 
  what if we get a politician who is convinced our bodily fluids and the purty of our essence is in danger , and we need to nuke someone fast ? 
  compared to rt 's comments section , this guy looks like a pillar of sanity, 
  name a situation where the polish right did n't tell the eu to go screw itself . 
  that 's all that ever happens with them - gives us money and leave us alone, 
  sorry europe , a lot of our people still do n't understand the whole `` working together '' thing . 
  a lot of poles ( who tend to be right wing , xenophobic , religious nuts ) think our membership in the eu should boil down to getting free handouts and then telling the rest of the union how they should have sex and with whom . 
  germany is our biggest ally and economic partner , they helped us get into the eu , and we get along with germans very well . 
  russia , on the other hand , is constantly butthurt that we do n't glorify the ussr days , that we 're pro-western and that we 're not run by one of their oligarchs . 
  and every once in a while they threaten to cut our gas off , or embargo some product we export , usually for working with the us . 
  and when i say russia , i mean putin and his caballe . 
  i do n't really dislike the average russian , though they could tone down the stereos in their cars just a tad . 
  no , they are n't . 
  but i 'm for anything that annoys putin, 
  missisipi  on june 26 , 2015 , the u.s. supreme court ruled in obergefell v. hodges that the denial of marriage rights to same-sex couples is unconstitutional . 
  on june 29 , the state attorney general ordered clerks to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples . 
  on july 1 , the fifth circuit lifted its stay and judge reeves ordered an end to mississippi 's enforcement of its same-sex marriage ban . 
  however , until 02 july 2015 , several counties in mississippi continued to refuse to issue same-sex couple marriage licenses , including desoto , jasper , jones , newton , pontotoc , simpson and yalbousha . 
  texas  same-sex marriage is legal in texas and all other u.s. states as per the u.s. supreme court ruling of obergefell v. hodges on june 26 , 2015 . 
  louisiana  in september 2014 , two courts , one federal and one state , produced contradictory rulings on the constitutionality of the state 's denial of marriage rights to same-sex couples . 
  the u.s. supreme court resolved that conflict when it ruled such bans unconstitutional in obergefell v. hodges on june 26 , 2015 . 
  two days later , governor bobby jindal said the state would comply with that ruling and license same-sex marriages . 
  arkansas  same-sex marriage in arkansas is legal under the u.s. supreme court decision in obergefell v. hodges , a landmark case in which same-sex marriage bans were struck down on june 26 , 2015 . 
  prior to that , same-sex marriage in arkansas was briefly legal for a period beginning on may 9 , 2014 alabama  before the supreme court 's decision in obergefell v. hodges on june 26 , 2015 , held that the united states constitution requires states to recognize and license same-sex marriage , the legal status of same-sex marriage in alabama was the subject of a long legal battle . 
  since you seem to have problems with differentiating between `` years '' and `` weeks '' , i do n't think this discussion warrants any further responses from me, 
  do southern states have it for years ? 
  beacause i did say southern us . 
  i picked the us because it is also a huge country full of vastly different people , which is why it 's easy to construct a narrative if you try . 
  how else am i supposed to signal `` i do n't think the us is worse than russia '' ?
