  tell me , which reforms , other than trying to disable the tribunal itself , were blocked by the tribunal ? 
  you 're missing the point . 
  they have every right to conduct their retarded reforms , so long as it 's within the limits of the law . 
  as it is , the name their party has seems tragically ironic, 
  something something nazis . 
  yeah , i know they were elected , and they have the strongest mandate in modern polish history . 
  but that does not mean that the law and the constitution no longer apply to them . 
  they have demonstrated they will not be hindered by such petty things like `` rules '' and `` due process '' . 
  even with the outside pressure they still did n't budge , that 's how pig headed in their resolve they are . 
  not to mention that while this may be an internal polish affair , it is also an internal eu affair , and thus the eu can take appropriate action . 
  what other recourse is there ? 
  pis will not stick to the rules without any outside pressure . 
  i mean , would you also agree that , for example , pope john paul ii criticizing the communist regime in poland was also disgusting ? 
  after all , he was the head of a foreign country , interfering in domestic issues . 
  please expand, 
  we 're just teasing you , baby . 
  you 're so cure when you 're jealous ... , 
  that guy has it it really tough . 
  he 's friends with the black guy , though, 
  man , the only country we convincingly won against is the only country that has any respect for us . 
  yup, 
   snark is only funny when it 's got some relation to the discussion . 
  europe chose the trade agreement approach instead , over which the eu has grown like a wart it is entirely relevant . 
  your argument is that the only way foreign policy is done is through the barrel of a gun . 
  well ? 
  why is n't brittain pointing guns at germany over the many disagreements they have ? 
  anyway , i can see where you stand on the brexit issue ( this is unrelated )  no , russia did nothing with it because it was in their interest to do so . 
  they 'd been saying for a while that turkey was funding isis and buying their oil . 
  putin ended up looking like the elder statesman and erdogan looked like a crazed islamist dictator . 
  putin 's credibility was completely lost when he invaded ukraine . 
  perhaps this was a stunt , but it 's difficult to see a more aggressive action than shooting down another country 's military aircraft , short of literally sending tanks across a border . 
  if that did n't breach nato protocols , then neither will crossing the montreux agreement , especially considering articles 20 and 21 of that agreement :  article 20 . 
  in time of war , turkey being belligerent , the provisions of articles 10 to 18 shall not be applicable ; the passage of warships shall be left entirely to the discretion of the turkish government . 
  article 21 . 
  should turkey consider herself to be threatened with imminent danger of war she shall have the right to apply the provisions of article 20 of the present convention . 
  we 're not that capable , but we 're a nato member , as are the baltic states, 
   mutually assured destruction , and the peace it brings , only works if its mutual i guess that 's why european countries are at war all the time with each other , right ? 
  because europe is one big mexican stand-off ? 
  too much computer games , kid . 
  or you 've been watching some weird documentaries . 
   haha solid argument . 
   you 're very funny . 
  if turkey closed the bosphorous , that is a declaration of war , and its an aggressive act , which means that they would lose their protection under nato article 5 and russia would once again demonstrate why russia has won every war its ever fought against turkey turkey shot own a russian jet plane . 
  nothing happened . 
  turkey 's got nukes , so russia can do precisely fuck-all oh , by the way . 
  it 's a nato member . 
  so , while turkey can close the bosphorus , because that 's their fucking territory , any military action against turkey would be a declaration of war . 
  of russia on nato . 
  good luck with that . 
   the soft underbelly of the eu ? 
  so russia is under threat because they canno attack the eu . 
  got it . 
  also , all turkey needs to do is close the bosphorus - which they can , they 've got nukes after all , and all that black sea naval power becomes completely useless . 
  that 's why literally no one except russia gives a single flying fuck about the black sea, 
  not really needed , but a gesture of support , i guess, 
  sorry to tell you this , but no one except russia cares about the black sea . 
  wonder what jimmy carr has to say about this prick, 
  poor piggies . 
  and all that bacon :'(, 
  it 's even better when you consider lots of poles do n't know anyone from abroad , and even if they did , they probably could n't communicate with them . 
  yay for hating things you know nothing about . 
  they integrate pretty well afaik , and they offer good takeout food . 
  pretty much the only people who have a problem with them are the poles who have a problem with anyone who looks kinda ` foreign ', 
  i do n't really know what to tell you . 
  apparently there are more complete morons in my country than i imagined, 
  i guess it 's so obvious everyone likes you , putting you guys on that list would be sort of redundant, 
  it is your choice comrade . 
  but have you heard of the large population of our russian brothers in milton keynes ? 
  we might just have to send a few hunderd thousand soldiers to make sure you do n't oppress them, 
   prominent russian journalist found murdered in st. petersburg nope . 
  not true, 
  well i for one am absolutely furious about my flair change . 
  so where do i sign up for this `` prosecution '' thing ? 
  wink wink nudge nudge, 
  good , i was n't sure i could keep up the charade of being polish much longer . 
  * russia bad , poles need to be more pro-european * . 
  lol , i 'm surprised no one ever caught on . 
  well this is a fine change . 
  i hope the same happens in my country . 
  we poles have always loved the russians , and especially their heads of state !, 
  the author ascribes far too much cunning and political planning on the part of the is terrorists . 
  they have shown repeatedly that their goals are entirely based on religion , they do n't even have any political grievances , like other terrorist groups usually do . 
  add to that the plethora of sensless atrocities commited by them , with no other purpose than the act itself . 
  * poland * * at least it 's not north korea *, 
  of course , that 's because we do n't offer them cash and housing in exchange for creating isolated enclaves of unemployed people , among whom members of is can hide . 
  yeah , poland does have some muslims , but they 're mainly crimean tatars , so they do n't cause any problems at all . 
  normally that would be the case , but it seems that now it 's mainly just merkel who 's in favor of letting the immigrants in . 
   accept the refugees if there is a lack of workers . 
  we get quite a number of ukrainians here . 
  they 're an all right bunch, 
  man , i need to get some hungarian friends . 
   latin american , north american , east european actually these three prove my point , since all of those places conform essentially to the same systems of values ( south american countries being essentialy created by europeans ) . 
  the only differences are on the level of what we call santa . 
  what we are left with is  south asian , east asian here i 'm curious - what are the significantly different cultural practices which are freely practiced in europe ? 
  i am perfectly aware of what you 're saying , and what you 're saying is trivial in nature . 
  you are , in essence , saying that some cultures can better coexist with each other than others . 
  but the * reason * this is the case is that those cultures were either similar to begin with , or there is no stark contradiction between them . 
  but this is trivial - it 's saying that people who do n't disagree with each other , do n't disagree with each other . 
  what multiculturalism failed at utterly , is addresing the issue when people * do * disagree with each other . 
  ok , then how do you see this working out : one half of the population of a given country subscibes to , what can be called , enlightenment values of equality and personal freedom , the other thinks that adult men are superior to women , and as such , women are to be treated like property .
