the thing is , making integration work takes a lot of effort . 
  those people need prospects , need to have a future , if not for them , atleast for their children and that means they will take a lot of resources . 
  furthermore , they should know from the beginning that there are a few choices but that willing to adapt to a more german way of life is mandatory and that they can either integrate fully or also have an oppurtunity to go home again once things are back to normal ... which can take a damn long time . 
  if they do n't have any of that and you let them idle about on a few pfennig allowance whilest the normal westernworld speeds around them , then radicalisation is a given for a large group i 'm afraid . 
  the upside of this , is that the syrian refugees which are welcomed by the country , should have a more positive attitude to begin with . 
  a 3rd generation ` new german ' , with a radical dad , and grumpy grandpa and tons of radicalised cousins and uncles indeed have a lot less prospect . 
  and there are a bunch about the royals as well . 
  for instance , the masterthesis on history , from our now king willem alexander is classified . 
  he got a 7/10 , but doubts about his intelligence and effort when he was a student suggest he blew it . 
  can ' t wait to have russian media blame ` swedish mercenaries ' for vote buying the russian bid in order to disgrace the motherland . 
  did n't ed milliband install an ikea kitchen in a leftover room in his house so he would seem more working class while he has like a 100 % design 100m2 kitchen somewhere in his 10000000 acre house ? 
  there 's only one belgian and that 's the king . 
  just throwing more humans in has been a true russian virtue, 
  wow , first time i read the term asymmetric war . 
  that awesomely spot on . 
  you mean spend money on schools , infrastructure , environmentfriendly durable solutions ? 
  that 's crazy talk !, 
  you sure they wan na know what you think of them ? 
  well , here 's to more military funding . 
  uncle sam is saying goodbye . 
  ( edit : a word ), 
  again , uk never made individual trade deals with lets say , australia , the eu did it on behalf of all it 's members and that included the uk . 
  not invoking the article for a couple of years , solid tactic . 
  yes , but not anytime soon . 
  you ca n't leave and re-enter in say 5 years or 10 years . 
  i 'm from the netherlands and if there were to be a nexit , let 's have a look at the port of rotterdam , the biggest port of europe . 
  why is it a big port ? 
  well you have acces to the rhine and meuse rivers which can get your cargo into the german heartland and france . 
  once you get it in rotterdam , you can get it into the rest of europe without any trouble because of the open market . 
  there are no tarifs , no customs , you put it on a boat and go . 
  now , what if the dutch leave the union . 
  why would you still use the port of rotterdam ? 
  quick answer is , you would n't . 
  why ? 
  because you ca n't get your stuff from rotterdam to the rest of europe without sorting tarifs , customs and what not . 
  that 's waisting time and money . . so you decide to take your ship to hamburg or antwerp . 
  you can refuse all you want . 
  but having a single market does away with a lot of timewaisting and paperwork . 
  sure , you can credit the uk for doing well , within that market ... but you have a major disadvantage if you 're not part of it . 
  that 's why i 'm so glad they have chosen to get out . 
  if the effect would have been reversed and there would have been a 52 % remain vote , you could be sure they would have continued to get a better deal every few years or so because the leave-camp would n't shut up about it . 
  and why would they , they wanted to get out . 
  i 'm very sorry for those that have voted remain , but a brexit really burns the ships because . 
  britain wo n't be let back in anytime soon . . and the remainers , generally speaking being better educated and civilized know this ... so where can they fight for at this point . 
  however , we might see a prolonged shitshow if a. 50 does n't get invoked anytime soon . 
  only dutch actress that 's postable at the moment ? 
  i was going to say eu , but i like your interpretation better . 
  or further denial . 
  and the good thing is , when brexit does turn out to sink the uk in a depression ... guess who get 's the blame . 
  is n't war a great way to boost the economy ? 
  but if there were a threshold , d66 and groenlinks probably would have ceased to exist when they were down in the lousewies vd laan and jolande sap era . 
  also pvdd made some gains . 
  he 'd be getting ammo both ways . 
  if they would let her pass , he could claim the dutch hovel in fear for the mighty turks or whatever . 
  for erdogan , it was a win/win situation , whatever way you put it . 
  just in [ today that turkey ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2163241-turkse-minister-geen-sancties-voor-nederlandse-bedrijven.html ) does n't impose any sanctions against dutch business ... so it becomes even more clear that he needed a nationalistic boost for the referendum , just in case someone still had any doubts . 
  great , after the sea , let 's try gas chambers ? 
  like it or not , they are dutch citizens as well . 
  if they want to live in turkey , fine by me , but they are our fellow citizens untill they migrate . 
  ouch , how are things over there ? 
  crap ... that hurts, 
  indeed , but equally . 
  i 'd hate to see trump and his cabinet getting succes with dividing europe . 
  care to expand on that ? 
  ha , the reverse paris syndrome . 
  gdp is a bit misleading in regards to military capability , especially in regards for comparing russia to italy or france . 
  i can imagine the wages for soldiers and personnel being a lot lower in russia among other things . 
  the only solid comparison that can be made is in the amount of money spend on defense . 
  to create a military in the same way is never going to happen . 
  i actually looked up my conscription yesterday after the trump nato is obsolete thing hit the news . 
  the netherlands did n't stop conscription , they just put it on hold . 
  i can be called up till i 'm 45 years old . 
  that 's well within a 2nd term for trump . 
  if things go really bad , i can get called up at the same time as my oldest son . 
  thats the one . 
  the tall buildings came after the cold war . 
  if the us would have nothing to do with it , or any foreign power for that matter . 
  perhaps . 
  but he 's oversimplifying the issue . 
  the refugee crisis is to no small part because of the us and european interference with ` stable ' regions bordering the european borders and he rubs it all the wrong way by not taking any responsibility for the us ' hand in this . 
  you 'd be amazed how many make-shift airstrips are still avaliable . 
  the cold-war called for some amazing construction taking place , atleast in the netherland , to cope with bombed military facilities . 
  the military airfield in leeuwarden , if it were to be bombed the tesselschadestraat was build in such a way to become a makeshift airstrip . 
  the amc hospital in amsterdam was build with huge bunker emergency facilities and it 's powerturbines could power almost half the city if needed . 
  you wo n't need carriers to regroup , normal infrastructures will do . 
  the swedish grippen fighter was specifically designed to take off from grasslandes if needed . 
  ofcourse there are more factors involved . 
  but seeing the threat of a franco-german axis becoming too dominant . 
  it was in englands best interest to get into the eu and prevent the latter from happening, 
  they joined to slow it down from the inside allright . 
  we ca n't look at history and judge them with the standards and ethical values we have today . 
  we should focus on the facts and draw our conclusions from them . 
  that being said , in those timeframes i do believe that if it had n't been columbus , there would have been someone else . 
  if it was n't the spanish , it would have been another ( european ) country sending expeditions . 
  in no way do i believe , could the general outcome have been any different . 
  i agree . 
  the possibility of a brexit like referendum happening again within 20 years are very real . 
  even if they complain ... always play dumb . 
  oh i wondered why the staff left all the towels here . 
  oooh i thought people left them here tp dry ... oooh i thought the early sun would bleach oit all the scheissestains .
