10 euro for a working 1gb fiber conection . 
  indeed , really nothing to boast about . 
  right . 
  http://www.bihon.ro/reactia-italianului-in-legatura-cu-incidentul-de-la-critical-mass/1575089 but hey , let 's kill first , and ask question later . 
  do you think geman famhouses from the begining had indoor toilets and infrastructure ? 
  we are behind vs some countries of course . 
  there is no point to compare vaslui with hamburg . 
  my parents neightboor ( house ) is conected to a public sewage system . 
  it cost 20 lei/month , and is not allowed to put animal waste in there . 
  my parents have a personal sewage system ( fosa septica ) . 
  cost 50 lei / 6 month to clean it up , with animal waste to . 
  man , that is so medieval , not civilized . 
  i dare you , go work in the field all day , get home , clean up the horse/pig/chicken shit , cut some wood , and the go inside to take a piss/shower . 
  you will fuck everything up . 
  thats the main reason that toilets/showers are outside . 
  anyway , that is the case with old houses . 
  new ones have facilities inside . 
  i was rafting on that river ( near omis , i dont remember the name ) , and jumped from a rock which was near the cliff where from winnetou jumped . 
  `` at '' in case of email adress , `` around '' in general . 
  tried hard to use here , i failed , i dont like it . 
  i use google maps when i have data available , and igo for the rest of . 
   basically , beekeepers smoke the bees , when they want to inspect the bees ' `` houses '' . 
  the smell of the smoke makes the bees think that their home is on fire [ 1 ] and they instinctively start a fire drill . 
  instead of defending the hive , they start to eat honey in order to prepare to leave and find a new home nope . 
  the smoke hide alarm signals from guards which are pheromones . 
  if the bees go for honey / become agitated , you failed at smoking , and you should leave them alone to calm themself . 
  for a quick inspection a 2-3 puff 's from a cigarette for example is enough . 
  not really , at least in brasov almost all wires/fibers are underground . 
  from some years ago is forbidden to put them in air . 
  of course it may be , each one can have his own opinion about something . 
  i 'm usually a `` occam 's razor '' type , but i can fully understand that 2 people can start from the same facts and may end with opposing conclusions . 
  because i presume they can discover a lot of more bad things hidden , and because they canot fabricate more lies with imf in control . 
  agree , that 's why i said to put the $ where the mouth is . 
  to `` urge '' europe and do nothing when you have some interest in this matter = 0 . 
  then why us is sticking his nose in this ue matter ? 
  put the money where the mouth is , or shut up . 
  they are mentioning reforms , but they have n't implemented any . 
  who is stopping them ? 
  fear and lack of balls . 
  personally i dint care about the vote , but seeing those people celebrating in streets ... i was like wtf ? 
  they try to start fires often there in attempt to destroy plants/animals . 
  if you sum up all the watermelons marked dabuleni in markets , you will get a number which would require something like 5x of the area dabuleni actually have for watermallons . 
  same with buzau onions , satu mare strawberrys and so . 
  shitloads of them are from greece/turkey . 
   are you guys really proud of adblocking ? 
  when you load a page with a basic text article and you get served 30 + mb of data ( nevermind the malware , flash , sound , autoplay , crappy colors and so ) , yeh . 
  i 'm really proud . 
  industry got themself in this situation , is not like we developed adblock because we were bored . 
  for a second i was thinking it is : https://ro.wikipedia.org/wiki/speran%c8%9ba_ ( goelet % c4 % 83 ), 
  great read  . 
  yes , i dint read anything about it , but i wanted to be sure  i go there from like 10 years ago 1-2 weeks / year , i would hate to be forced to find another place . 
  ( we have a small child , and we dont want to risk anything ) . 
  how is thassos ? 
  intend to go there in september . 
   the number must surely be a lot higher ? 
  surely the quarrel is not about taking care of 1,000 people who ran away from war ? 
  the number is not the problem . 
  ideea of forced quota is . 
  you can see that as a bad thing . 
  people already in country from long ago , still not integrated and doing bad things . 
  that is true , my pov was from pure money perspective . 
   of course , owning a home means 30 year bank credit and working 10 h a day to pay it . 
  if the rate at bank is rent +10 -50 % , and after 30 years you have your ownhome to show or to sell and recover the money vs renting with which you have exactly 0 to show or recover after 30 years ... 
   most of it is common sense . 
  yes , because common sense if very common when you are running mindless like a headless chicken after you saw some people getting killed . 
  romania/brasov -23 \u00b0 last night . 
  why they dont ask for license removal ? 
  o yeah , people will still use uber . 
  here uber is expensive vs regular taxi . 
  still , people use uber . 
  that should tell them something . 
   india is place 58 in beef consumption per capita . 
  is not like the cow 's are sacred animal 's there . 
  or most indian religions have philosophical schools that forbid consumption of meat and jainism institutes an outright ban on the same . 
  neah , they just know how to be healthy . 
  seriously ? 
  leava india out of this , is not a normal country in this matter . 
  in 99 % of cases after # 2 , i use water to wash , not only toilet paper . 
  why after , not before ( # 1 ) ? 
  my penis is cleaner than my hands , and i dont piss on my hands . 
  and think on the public toilet how many dirty hands opened that door before you . 
  you really want to touch your penis with a dirty hand ? 
   russia has already dispatched an anti-air cruiser to the area and has confirmed that future bombing runs will be flanked by fighter jets how exactly fighter jets/aa cruiser can defend a bomber or themself vs ground -  air missiles ? 
  yeh , cause you know , warnings are issued right after the border crossing , not in advance . 
  not sure if is real , but at my local mega image is ~ 5 euro 100ml . 
  just a note , my own dog pee on my car wheels when i park it in house garage , and is doing that since it was a pup . 
  the circle of peeing is because of the other dogs . 
  everyone smell and try to mark the object to be his own . 
  if you watch a dog pee and a dog mark you will see the the amount of pee is way bigger when is actually peeing . 
  personally i have a bowtech compound and i can shot a beer can at 50m , and at that range it easily enter 5 + cm in a tree , so i could kill some animals if they are not moving . 
  still , i consider that cheating , and i will never shot a wild animal . 
  i will give mad props for hunters if they would hunt animals with their bare hands . 
  having a sniper rifle and sitting in a bunker or a tree ? 
  nope . 
  i 'm waiting for next level , like a remote controlled bullet from the hunter home . 
  you try to tell that a lawyer can get me convicted by stating that `` xxx xxx which had the ip xx , uploaded captain america civil war '' ? 
  without any proof to back that claim ? 
  for / u/doitsujin75 as well . 
  i just wanted to say that with limiting upload to nothing , torrent client 's works like a stream . 
  and in enough countryes ( mine included ) is legal to only download ( no sharing/upload ) stuff 's .
