  costello is a bit of an idiot , not the worst guy in the world , but gradea just loses his cool so quickly and butts in every time joseph tries to say anything and basically just flat out insults him the whole time . 
  not exactly what i was expecting from the guy when he portrays himself as so logical in his videos . 
  it was pretty cringe to watch . 
  his videos are entertaining , there 's no doubt . 
  but he does n't seem like a particularly nice guy . 
  no serie a , no credibility !, 
  sure , his points were legitimate , but the way he went about presenting his points was very off-putting in that debate ( though to be honest we can hardly call that a debate ... ) . 
  joseph was very calm throughout and gradea was somewhat losing it and being extremely aggressive . 
  of course , i do n't know him personally and he might really be a stellar guy . 
  but from what i 've seen of him i do n't really think that 's the case . 
  again , we do n't really know these guys , so who knows . 
   did we watch the same video ? 
  joseph lost his cool plenty . 
  i guess we did watch different videos , ha . 
  oh well , we 'll just have to disagree on this one then . 
  it 's very difficult to stream any games live , however la valpe ( valpellice ) [ upload their full games to youtube ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucoisnj8hfjikft-p6dp74za/videos ) every now and again . 
  also each team upload their highlights to their own respective youtube channels . 
  check it out , you can watch angelo esposito play for sg cortina !, 
  nooo !, 
  haha, 
   good practice to listen to italian !, 
  some of the teams broadcast mainly in german as they are based in s\u00fcd-tirol , if that helps at all . 
   i had no clue a. esposito was playing over there !, 
  yes , angelo esposito is a bit of a sad story , 1st round pick in ' 07 , such high hopes and at only 26 he 's in lower tier european leagues since 2012 . 
  i think it was mainly injuries that did him in , i 'm sure pens fans could fill in more in-depth . 
  edit : oops , not 26 he just turned 27 . 
  i can understand how it can be perceived as rude , but you must remember that you spent your time in one of the most touristy places in the world . 
  from the sounds of it you spent all of your time at the main attractions where i 'm sure the locals are a little bit sick of tourists . 
  surprised by fiat outside of italy in a couple of spread out countries . 
  and serbia + lithuania ? 
  excellent , thanks for the info !, 
   we 're coming back in the summer . 
  we 're going to the beach though , not rome this time . 
  i 've heard it 's a lot different ? 
  have you decided where in particular ? 
  we have a lot beaches in many areas throughout the country , and they are all quite unique . 
  i 'm very sorry for you and your family . 
  i do not have any questions . 
   half half italian, 
  so a quarter italian ? 
  very unpleasant style of writing , but that aside , what does he want ? 
  that was a battle over 2000 years ago , how can he compare it 's site to that at gettysburg ? 
  also it 's in the middle of no where , a museum commemorating a battle ( that we lost ) would just drain money . 
  no one , ( aside from military historians apparently ) , is going to travel that far out of their way from main tourist hotspots to look at an agricultural field . 
  i 'd be very surprised if tunisia had a big museum and well kept site to commemorate zama and praise scipio 's tactics , and i believe zama was not too far from modern day tunis . 
  yes , small museums are found all around the country next to archaeological sites to explain the findings/culture and the town layout . 
  these museums are usually very , very small and just have one curator . 
  what our author is expecting is :, 
   i expected a mega-version of what one finds at , say , gettysburg or yorktown . 
  museums , placards , guides , and hordes of tourists regardless of the time of year . 
  that 's very different to what is in place , and would just drain money . 
  again , i 'd be interested to see what they have in zama from those who have visited . 
  hey man , have you thought about maybe doing a masters to specialise , rather than starting from scratch ? 
  you could go into anything business related , marketing , media , advertising , journalism , teaching , english foreign language teaching ( could be your ticket out ) etc. 
  from there it * should * be a little easier to find a job , although in my opinion these job hunts are 99 % luck . 
  good luck on whatever you choose . 
  the thing about the grand duchy of muscovy is they always try and walk it in ... 
  this is so cool , how did you make it ? 
  if you do n't mind me asking . 
  what i do n't understand is why there is such a large leaning towards * light * beers in the us ? 
  i watch a lot of us sports , and in the advert breaks all of the beer adverts are always for light beers , bud light , coors light etc etc. . . 
  i 've never seen this anywhere else , is there a reason for this ? 
   ca n't imagine someone i know ordering one , i just ca n't . 
  i ca n't even imagine an average bar or restaurant having any light beers in stock . 
  that is how uncommon they are . 
  i 'm not sure , for a second i thought it might be highest % incarcerated population , but it 's not ... 
   tastes great , less filling . 
  i personally have never had one so i ca n't comment , but if this were the case , why has n't it caught on elsewhere ? 
  also it seems strange to me for your average beer drinker to be very calorie conscious , especially in a country like the us where you guys are sort of known for having slightly unhealthier foods in general ( pardon my stereotype ) . 
  fair enough , thanks for your input . 
  i 've been curious about this for a while . 
  be sure to get a classic convertible with comfy seats , because you will be sitting in traffic for hours wherever you wish to go . 
  some are nice , some are not so nice . 
  same as everyone else . 
  wear whatever shoes you like , who cares . 
  i 'm a timberland kind of guy myself . 
  some good suggestions already in here , but if it were up to me i 'd introduce him with * that 's that * and * strange ways * . 
  the flow on both of these songs is damn near hypnotic , accompanied by fantastic beats . 
  [ this ] ( http://40.media.tumblr.com/b4a099605988d203e96ff994b4068be4/tumblr_n1f3hxtirg1ttjnklo4_1280.jpg ) would be dope . 
  same man , that second verse will never get old for me ... 
  `` they pray four times a day , they pray five ! '', 
  relentless flow , underrated for sure . 
  they 've really got the `` nooone-stop screeeaaaming '' part down , they need to practice the rest a bit more though . 
  getting a job takes a long time , it 's not you . 
  it 's mostly about luck , right place , right time type situation . 
  you 've just got to keep applying , eventually you will land something . 
  have you tried applying for things that are far away from your hometown ? 
  labour , low skilled jobs , seasonal jobs ( farming , fishing helping hands ) should be a tad easier to get into . 
  the work wo n't be glamorous , but it will get you out of there , plus it does n't have to be permanent , just some time to clear your mind , some new scenery . 
  good luck . 
  what degree is this for ? 
  half time show, 
  hah , yup . 
  the only one here maybe . 
   2 ) do all of his videos start with , or feature him talking over what i assume is cs ? 
  it 's so fucking repetitive and banal . 
  i 've watched a couple of his videos now to catch up on who he is , and his cs gameplay honestly just made me feel queasy ... how do people watch over 10 minutes of this everyday . 
  what is the surname ? 
  surnames can be quite regional and could give you and indication of the area he was from , once you have an idea of the area you can then contact the local councils to see if they have any information . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.cognomix.it/mappe-dei-cognomi-italiani ) is a website that allows you to type in surnames and it shows you on a map where they are most common in italy .
