you will get bored in pisa if you are there for 1d/1n , maybe just spend that extra day in florence instead . 
  if i were you i 'd spend longer in rome than venice . 
  venice is beautiful but not that big and there are so many tourists you might start going crazy by day 3 . 
  yes he can travel to italy without a passport , but he 'll need some form of valid identity card . 
  he 'll need to present it at the airport , both in norway and italy and then he will require it to register with any hotels . 
  make sure you look up what norwegian identity cards are valid , it would be extremely annoying to rock up to the airport excited for your trip just for your friend to get turned away at check-in . 
  any topic you are particularly interested within world history ? 
  * guns , germs & steel * by jared diamond is very good for a broad overview . 
  it focuses on the rise of civilizations . 
  well first you have to reach the ring road ( a90 ) , from there you have a choice of routes based on where you want to go . 
  the a1 is the main highway that takes you either north or south . 
  if you want to go east the quickest route is the e80 that turns onto the a24 . 
  avoid peak hours , italy has heavy traffic congestion problems . 
  take a deep breath , this one will take a while, 
  `` those red berries are baby tomatoes . '', 
  - my sister, 
  i ate a shit ton of them, 
  what an idiot, 
  better get yourself a * my brothers keeper * collar tattoo . 
  i came here to post this, 
  what do you mean ? 
  i 've seen it mentioned that rojava are seeking self sustainability through agriculture and renewable energies . 
  what type of engineering projects do they currently have in progress ? 
  how are they funding these projects ? 
  are there any legitimate ngo 's that work in the area ? 
  they 're just not that fond of potatoes, 
  when in doubt , bomb it . 
  do you have access to a car or moped ? 
  if so you should drive up to santerno river in the apennines , it 's really pretty up there and there are a lot of nice places to swim when it gets warmer . 
  just drive around around the apennines and visit some of the villages , it 's very pretty and there probably wo n't be any tourists . 
  there 's always that one guy who has to awkwardly sit on the floor, 
  the column is ok i guess , but i 'm a big fan of those rectangles !, 
  that 's some strong fascist sculpting right there !, 
  i guess i missed the vote where we decided that he is the indisputable source of the italian people and their culture . 
  and here is how it changed by [ 2013 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/82/elezioni_camera_2013_comuni_partiti.png ), 
  dance !, 
  dance !, 
  dance !, 
  it sounds so threatening !, 
  not a big fan of this map , it seems like it 's just picking and choosing without giving us a proper criteria . 
  in pakistan for example it has highlighted balochistan , which is fair enough as they have been trying to secede for decades . 
  but then it also highlights sindh , and if they are claiming that sindh is unrepresented then how are the pashtuns ignored ? 
  this map needs a clear criteria and a legend . 
  what are you going to do with the citizenship once you get it ? 
  will you move to italy , use it to get into other eu countries , or is it just for a conversation starter at parties ? 
  like most places old people might give you some judgemental looks . 
  but to be fair , this is italy , old people stare at everyone all the time anyway . 
  even if you were a model family right out of a 1950 's tv show some old men outside a bar would stare you down . 
  have fun . 
  his * about * section is so poorly written , it would have taken him 15 seconds to proof read it . 
  why did n't you kd entertainment ? 
  why ... 
  risiko !, 
  i 've heard that rosetta stone is one of the best resources for learning languages . 
  edit : not sure why i 'm being downvoted , it 's a bit pricey but it 's genuinely meant to be really good . 
  you should check it out op . 
  holy moley . 
  that is all . 
  a vial full of water from the tevere . 
  be sure to not get any on you though , you might catch something . 
  yeah , but he was the fastest sprinter in his school !, 
  how many current adidas employees can say that, 
  keeping the jabroni 's at bay, 
  no love for timor leste ?!? 
   and why is dude just floating out backwards and not even trying ? 
  strange video, 
  exactly what i thought , it 's almost like he instantly gave up on life . 
  thank god he was n't alone . 
  these people are making good money off of this crap . 
  let that sink in for a second . 
  if you really want to move to a western european country to pursue a career in engineering you are better off going to france , germany or uk to be honest . 
  engineers in italy get relatively low salaries compared to other countries . 
  if your heart is 100 % set on italy though , you should take a look at eni 's website ( they are a multinational oil & gas company if you are unfamiliar ) . 
  they offer masters programs ( petroleum , reservoir , chemical , environmental engineering ecc ... along with other topics ) mainly in torino i think , and after the course you undertake 6 months work experience with the company which in turn should help you get into the job market with that extra experience . 
  i 'm pretty certain they offer masters degrees in english too . 
  they are a great company to work for and offer opportunities to go abroad , unfortunately the sector is rather stagnant these days with the low global oil prices . 
  i really hope you are not the guy who posted on here a few days ago asking help to buy a valentines gift for his girlfriend who was studying abroad in italy ... 
  as for the topic , you should come to italy , travel around the major cities on the cheap , you always meet some fun people to hang out with in hostels so you wo n't be alone for very long , meet some girls . 
  have fun !, 
  this was actually really funny !, 
  good job soflo , embrace it !, 
  yes it was ... 
  opinions are fun are n't they :d, 
  why do you care so much that i found it funny , even h3h3 found it funny . 
  chill out man . 
  haha ok man , whatever . 
  i 'm not going to spend any more time arguing about something so meaningless . 
  enjoy !, 
  in italy we also generally just say england when we refer to the whole uk . 
  i think it 's quite common to just say england in many places through europe . 
  in italian the difference is inghilterra ( england ) vs regno unito ( united kingdom ) . 
  i agree , they should n't , but they do . 
  nope , never ru or uk . 
  i had a british friend who got pulled over and the cop thought his license was from ukraine ... 
  it 's always either inghilterra or gran bretagna over here , which are both equally incorrect haha . 
  did n't realise that you could n't straight up exchange a us license , is it because you guys mostly learn in automatic transmission ? 
  lucio battisti , not rap , but imo one of the best italian musicians of all time . 
   when i will have enough money , we will hire the world best engineers , if they are free and if they want to help us . 
  if the world best engineers are busy the mission is doomed !, 
  you should [ watch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vymlkhtgk_y ) his debate with joseph costello .
