i think it 's interesting that everybody likes italy more , than italy likes itself . 
  in my opinion the main takeaway from this map should be that refugees are very evenly distributed in all of germany . 
  in our county with 100.000 people there are about 700 refugees and they are spread out in ** all ** towns and villages . 
  from 150 people in the largest town , down to only 4-5 people in small villages . 
  yes , there are some people who oppose this . 
  people who do n't want to spend money on economic refugess , who say they come only to us to receive social benefits . 
  people who fear for their safety . 
  but in my opinion they are a small minority . 
  here in the south of bavaria we also have a real estate problem with high rents and few empty houses or apartments and it 's hard to find places for them to stay , so sometimes they have to stay temporarily in sport halls and the like . 
  but local officials are working on it . 
  around here there are more voluntary workers to help , than refugees . 
  the refugees are n't kept separate . 
  we try to integrate them , teach them german , even when they are still in the process of being evaluted for asylum and 60 % eventually have to leave . 
  they also can work here . 
  i see refugees taking a stroll in town almost every day . 
  they shop in the supermarket , they talk with people , their kids play soccer with the local kids . 
  all of this is really a big difference to the 1990s for example , when we also had a big wave of refugees , but it was handeld very differently . 
  refugges were kept mostly separate . 
  often in large camps . 
  often with fences around for their own safety and to keep them in . 
  they could n't work and were sitting around all day and living in cramped little rooms for years sometimes . 
  probably fair to say that it was a prison-like experience . 
  no real efforts to reach out to the population , to integrate them or teach them the language . 
  today 's approach is much better and it already seems to be working . 
  local politicians reached out to the people in town hall meetings even before the refugees came . 
  they try to inform people about what 's going on . 
  there are groups of volunteers and officials to support those groups of volunteers . 
  with hundreds of thousands of refugees coming into germany , of course there will always be some problems somewhere . 
  but at least in my opinion it 's handeld very well until now . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  if you count butchers , backeries and meat desks in supermarkets that sell sandwiches/wurstbr \u00f6tchen and the like i 'd say they vastly outnumber d\u00f6nerbuden . 
  there 's a lot of eu/ez criticism right now , but if you take a step back and look at whole picture , i do n't think it 's actually that bad . 
  take away the last couple of weeks and most would have called it a success story . 
  if greece had n't had left the table back in june , we would n't even have this diskussion right now . 
  the only problem was letting greece join the euro , but even with them the ez/eu survived the financial crisis and its aftermath so far . 
  there 's still a lot of unemployment in some countries , but in general it looks like it 's getting better and the economies start to grow at least a little bit . 
  if you look at it objectively , the problems many countries had in the finacial crisis were home made ( real estate bubble , banking bubble , not making neccesary reforms in general ) and not due to the euro or because of a strong german economy or some such . 
  long term a political union is of course probably the best way , but most europeans just are n't ready to give up their national independence . 
  not a year ago and certainly not right now . 
  i think it would even be a bad idea to discuss it right now , because it would probably just stirr up negative resentments . 
  however , if the economies keep growing , we might have a very different picture in 5 or 10 years . 
  but i also think that a political union must have a very strong support in all participating countries . 
  a simple majority is n't enough and there should be no need for a whole lot of campaigning . 
  it should be the wish of at least 2/3 of the population in my opinion . 
  i guess there are multiple things going on at the same time and it probably pays off to take a view of individual motivations and how they aggregate over the population as a whole . 
  for example , i would guess that basically more or less every government worker in greece fears for his job right now and it 's probably not like they can easily get a job elsewhere in this economy . 
  until now they probably had a good standard of living and could support a family , send their kids to university , expected a good pension and so on . 
  they had their life worked out . 
  now it 's all starting to crumble . 
  the future looks horrible . 
  i think a natural position to hold in this situation would be to be against any change at all . 
  defend what you have by any means . 
  no wonder , they faked numbers and stats for years . 
  no wonder they fought and delayed reforms in any which way . 
  stay in the eurozone to keep `` your '' money flowing and blame everyone trying to take away `` your '' money . 
  those government workers are n't stupid , they know about the billions and billions they got from the eu or as debt , backed by the eu or ez . 
  they know that a grexit would probably be worse even . 
  but now we are at a point where the money actually stopped flowing . 
  the `` stop them from taking over our country '' narrative is just an extreme form of the `` do n't change anything '' position . 
  but there are many other groups with different opinions , too . 
  many youth have nothing to lose . 
  they might as well have a fresh start outside the ez and be more open to that . 
  but they are also more open to extreme political views and propaganda , be it left or right . 
  business owners might oppose tax hikes , but be more open to a leaner government , less corruption and pension cuts in general ( if they are not affected ) . 
  pensioners vote for everyone promising that they can keep their pensions . 
  of course it all gets complicated by political affiliations and propaganda in general . 
  politicians best blame others from outside ( `` banks '' , eu , troika , imf , germany ) , not potential voters like government workers or tax evaders and of course the people pick that up , too . 
  it 's really a huge mess . 
  there is no way around reforms . 
  personally , i hope that people will look back in 10 or 20 years and say it was the right choice to go this route and that greece is better off for it , but i certainly have doubts if it will work out at all . 
   the eurocrisis is the first major example of germany sort of taking up the mantle as the unofficial leader of the eu . 
  honestly , i do n't think we want that role . 
  but at least now we know how the us must feel quite often . .  anyway , it feels more like the other countries were taking a step back and leaving merkel alone in the front row , than merkel stepping forward . 
  as much as it was a mistake to let greece join the euro , the bigger mistake was to not have the uk in it . 
  the euro would be in a much better position with the uk in it and not only because it 's one more nation to pay the bills , 
  my first question would be : how far can we trust the media in this ? 
  the press was n't in the room . 
  might be totally overblown . 
  if the disagreements were really that big and fundamental , they would n't have reached an agreement . 
  the media often relied on hearsay , anonymous sources , accidental and planted leaks . 
  sometimes with exactly the purpose to push public opinion in some specific direction . 
  twitter played quite a big role apparently , but then again : not everyone used it , so we did n't get a complete picture . 
  there were a lot of shifts in public perception , especially here on reddit . 
  one day it 's bad greeks , then poor greeks , then you ca n't do this to greece , then good germany , bad germany , think about the european taxpayers , think about the greeks and so on . 
  i 'd say we should leave this to the historians for now . 
  this should be top comment !, 
  firefigthers and doctors are required by law to help you . 
  that 's not the case here . 
  this is much more like a friend borrowing money from you . 
  sure , you 'd give him money once or twice and you eat up excuses why he ca n't pay you back right now and needs more money , but there will certainly come a point at which you stop giving money . 
  he 'll still be your friend if he wants to , just no more money for him unless you really have proof and a good reason to believe that he changed . 
   the eu is n't going to suddenly start sanctioning , or imposing massive trade barriers on non-eu members ( see trade with china , the us and a host of other non-eu states ) . 
  i agree , it would be much more subtle . 
  let 's say the eu agrees to some new fishing regulation . 
  i 'm not familiar with the topic , but let 's say for the sake of argument , that the proposed regulation would really hurt the uk 's fishing industry . 
  maybe you do n't get subsidies like everyone else , or your production method gets banned or something like that . 
  if you sit at the table , you just oppose it , or get some exception into it or soften the blow somehow else . 
  if you are an ousider , the new regulation gets passed as is and you now have to negotiate as a single country with the eu . 
  i 'd say in general the eu would be in a much better position to negotiate . 
  sure , you can threaten trade barriers , but they would hurt you much more than the eu , so that 's probably not the best way to go .
