  imagine mexico needing a second and then a third bailout , while voicing opinions like venezuela . 
  that 's about the situation we have right now in europe . 
  i think right now there might be an opportunity to break the cycle . 
  but since you mention corruption . 
  that 's probably the second part of the problem : people/businesses do n't pay taxes , because they think their taxes are n't spent well - to put it mildly ( and to some degree they are right ) . 
  but i also think that the `` all our politicians are corrupt '' and `` we are in this mess because of our corrupt politicians '' narratives are overstated and often missused as an excuse to do nothing at all . 
  politicians represent their society . 
  if people are overwelmingly against stricter tax codes , then of course polititcians are not going to propose them . 
  it 's also not corruption to raise pensions or blow up the public sector , but it would be the oppositions and the medias job to point out the problems with that and make a good case against it if neccessary , so people have an alternative the next elections . 
  i 'm not familiar with greek politics in the last decades , but i wonder if their opposition did a good job in that . 
  ok , my first thought was : this is a great idea , to make it a positive list , not a negative one . 
  but i do n't think it actually works , because my guess would be that in the end too few people would actually use such an app . 
  it would also be easy to maipulate , by handing out receipts for a short time and asking your customers to rate you on the app while you do so . 
  if you also add negative expiriences , it quickly gets a witch hunt vibe . 
  but i think greece really needs a shift in mentality in this . 
  money spent on an image or ad campaign would probably be money well spent . 
  `` we love greece - and pay taxes '' , `` taxes for greece '' or `` patriots pay taxes '' - i 'm no marketing guy ... a question for the greeks here : have there been ( big ) campaigns like this ? 
  if you have the impression that noone pays taxes , you feel stupid for paying taxes yourself . 
  however , if you get the impression that most people actually pay their taxes and maybe even call businesses out on it , then it can shift all of a sudden . 
  indeed . 
  price is n't the primary factor when deceiding on a holiday destination . 
  it is for some , but the question is , do you want those tourists that rely on price only ? 
  if i decide on a holiday location it 's mostly about the country , the people and the culture . 
  once i 've chosen a destination , i then select a hotel by price to fit my budget . 
  there 's some limits to that , if prices get prohibitively high or the price/value equation gets too bad , but a relatively small price change of only a couple percent should n't have too much of an effect . 
  at least much less than calling the rest of europe terrorists  raising the tourism vat also brings in more money into the country and i would suspect that it is easier to collect or harder to evade , because you ca n't fake contracts with tourism agencies and it 's not a cash business . 
  well , tsipras should have proposed a referendum with real options months ago . 
  there was chance for that , but he did n't . 
  now we are stuck with a referendum nobody ( probably even tsipras ) ever wanted , epecially at this point in time . 
  deal with it . 
   voters usually shape reality to their already existing believes . 
  it rarely happens that say a left voter hears some argument from the right and therefore changes his opinion ( and vice versa ) . 
  that 's more of a long term thing . 
  the campaigns for yes or no wont really affect already existing believes . 
  of course , some voters are generally uninformed and stupid , but then again , who has perfect knowledge and judgement anyway ? 
  democracy is n't perfect . 
  i totally agree , that this referendum is a really bad idea , offers a bad choice to make and generally shifts the blame from elected politicians to the people , who voted those politicians into office to make those kind of decisions with more inside knowledge than the typical voter . 
  i suggest you go vote . 
  maybe the vote wo n't matter in the long term , maybe you 'll learn that you voted the wrong or the right way . 
  either way you will be more involved with your country and i 'd like to suggest that that 's a good thing . 
  the reality is that you ca n't make predictions today . 
  too many variables . 
  however , you could make up some scenarios . 
  best case : there will be another bailout/debt cut/economic growth master plan and everything will be back to normal in a couple months and slowly improve from there . 
  worst case : greece exits the eurozone and the eu ( state default , bank default , humanitarian crisis , back to drachmas , inflation ) and needs a decade or something to go back to today 's ( already low ) level . 
  neither of those cases follows directly from today 's vote , for example even a `` no '' can still lead to the best case scenario , it 's just less likely . 
  for the sake of greece i sincerely hope that europe made up some plans come monday , for i 'm sure tsipras does n't have one . 
  no , but by now the outcome has a very symbolic meaning . 
  `` yes '' can be seen/interpreted as a sign , that greece wants to stay in europe , that the greeks are willing to change and accept cuts , which in turn would help european leaders sell further money transfers to their own voters . 
  i think by now it is clear to europe , that greece needs a vision for the future . 
  however , making that vision a reality depends on the `` goodwill '' of europe and you only get that with a `` yes '' . 
  `` no '' however means , that the greeks do n't want to do their part . 
  it would strengthen tsipras . 
  european leaders would have a really hard time to explain to their voters why tsipras/greece should get more money . 
  it would be a mess , very likely leading to a greek default and leaving the eurozone . 
  i guess one of the advantages of an eu army would actually be that it saves money . 
  it does n't make much sense that every european country has it 's own military and military infrastructure , when potential threats are mostly the same for all countries . 
  we neither have the political structures nor the finacial ones in place right now for an european army , but if this eu army was under eu control , maybe the parliment , then the german opinion alone would n't really matter . 
  personally , i am very much in favour of an eu army , of course knowing that this is n't gon na happen anytime soon . 
  but it would make sense . 
  great britain and france stuggling to finance aircraft carriers ? 
  the eu could do that . 
  an eu army would bring the eu closer together . 
  on a global scale i guess it would somewhat be a counterweight to the us . 
  not in opposition to the us , but with a bigger voice than now . 
  i imagine that 's because we already have the simplified greece vs germany narrative in the media , although it 's really all of europe vs greece . 
  there is not a single european country that sides with greece after the last events , well , more precisely with tsipras and varoufakis . 
  merkel stepping in front of the microphones would just put oil in the fire , especially with the upcoming referendum . 
  in my opinion it 's the right decision from her to stay quiet . 
  politics does n't work that way . 
  politics is compromise . 
  he may believe he has the right answer to everything and he might even be right , but there are other people who believe in their own contradicting believes just as much and maybe one of them is right . 
  maybe they are all wrong . 
  with problems on this scale , there are usually no easy answers . 
  easy problems get solved on lower levels . 
  poiticians deal with difficult problems where there is no clear answer . 
  the solution they come up with is often not the best possible answer , but often the one most people can live with . 
  on of the problems in greek politics right now is , that a lot of them are ideology driven . 
  there is no room for compromise if you believe in your ideology . 
  it 's all or nothing and that 's what we see right now . 
  they should have introduced a bill to congress to pay for the greek debt or to lend greece money without any strings attached . 
  would have been funny to see the us media reaction . 
  plastic sandals called [ adilette ] ( http://www.amazon.de/adidas-originals-adilette-288022-sandalen/dp/b001u50pls ) . 
  depening on who wears them they are either retro cult or infamous tourist accessory . 
  what they did was the diplomatic equivalent of shouting `` fuck you '' in everybodies face at the table and slamming the door while storming out . 
  no wonder there 's only little trust and goodwill left right now . 
  this is just pr : hey look - we made all these great offers to our beloved creditors , but they shut us down every single time . 
  we really tried , but they want us to suffer . 
  they caused this mess . 
  everyone is forgetting that imports are getting more expensive , too . 
  medicine , electronics , food , gas , machines - everything not produced in greece . 
  consumers can buy less stuff with their money . 
  businesses have higher costs . 
  this will put preassure on wages and earnings . 
  all the way either higher financing costs or no access to capital at all . 
  more bankruptcies . 
  more unemployed . 
  it 's mostly not about big savings in the bank . 
  bills get paid to businesses . 
  salaries are paid by businesses and the state .
