  it would often be a take it or leave it kind of deal , or you are forced to offer something else in return , you would n't offer otherwise . 
  at no point would there be malice or intention to hurt the uk economically . 
  it would just happen over time and you probably would n't even hear about it in the news . 
  you do n't want split decisions in things like that . 
  either you get a solution that is supported by everyone or you do n't do it at all . 
  from what i 've read these beggar organisations work like this : people get endebted in their country of origin for example because they ca n't afford heating oil in winter . 
  the only ones that would give them credit are mob bosses running those beggar organisations . 
  those debts can basically never be repaid in a normal way due to absurdly high interest rates and whatever made up fees . 
  in order to repay their debt people are then forced to more or less rent out their children or themselves for begging . 
  do you really believe that in case of a grexit the wealthy would be carrying the burden ? 
  maybe we have different definitions of burden , but the most affected would definitely be the poor . 
  btw . 
  as long as a country has debt , everyone is repaying debt all the time for all their life . 
  old debt gets replaced by new debt . 
  greece does n't have to get to zero debt , just a more sustainable level of debt/gdp . 
  if their economy - let 's say - doubles in the next 20 years they might easily come to a sustainable level . 
  nato was meant to counter outside threats . 
  the eu provides peace by economic and political entanglement inside . 
  leaving nato would have no economic consequences in itself ( apart from possible sanctions ) . 
  leaving the eu would be a huge blow to the economy of most eu countries or at least be hurting your economy in the long term . 
  for example if the eu creates regulations and norms involving your countries biggest exports , you really want to sit at the table or you get the short straw . 
  i 'm usually not into all the `` banks control us '' conspiracies , but aparently some banks already indicated that they would leave london for frankfurt if the uk was to leave the eu . 
  i imagine that alone is a pretty big reason to stay in the eu . 
  apart from that , if the uk left , they can either go the swiss way and more or less adopt all eu laws to stay in the game , or become isolated in europe . 
  i think it makes more sense to actually sit at the table , even if you sometimes do n't like the outcome , than to be a passive viewer from the outside . 
  the faz is n't left . 
  in the views of many from the left that makes it conservative by definition . 
  in my opinion the faz is maybe the most objective big newspaper in germany right now . 
  that 's not singular to the faz . 
  it 's the same in most comment sections of the big papers . 
  it 's more about varying degrees of `` no more money for greece '' than any `` yes , let 's give them more money please '' . 
  even in the left papers i 'd say it 's usually rather a critique of banks , politicians etc. 
  and maybe suggestions for greece to not pay the debts and just leave , but hardly any `` yes , we absolutely need to bail them out with taxpayer money '' . 
  but if you read between the lines in the faz comments , a lot of people think that their opinion does n't matter anyway and that germany is gon na end up paying no matter what . 
  i guess most would be surpised if we did n't bail greece out . 
  however , the camel is getting pretty loaded with straws right now . 
  i was born in 1974 . 
  my father was born in 1940 . 
  the only thing he remembers from war times was getting thrown off the couch , when us forces blew up a nearby bridge at the very end of the war . 
  one of my grandfathers never had to join the military , the other was training new recruits for a couple of years and never saw any action . 
  so it seemed all relatively far away . 
  in school it got actually quite annoying and boring at times , because starting with i believe 8th grade it was every year in major parts world war this and world war that in history classes , while at the same time often reading related books in german classes . 
  plus documentaries on tv and even in normal movies it felt at times like whenever germany was mentioned , there was always some nazi reference attached to it . 
  a couple of things hit home though , for example watching schindler 's list with our class or visiting kz dachau . 
  today , the thing that actually annoys me the most is the often very simplified narrative . 
  nazis are represented as the ultimate evil . 
  superhumanly bad . 
  hitler was worse than the devil etc , and btw. , the us are the greatest country ever , for beating the nazis single-handedly . 
  those are not the lessons to learn . 
  the lessons to learn are 1 . ), 
  humans can be incredibly cruel to other humans . 
  under the right circumstances even educated , seemingly moral people can be made to do terrible things . 
  be it by ideology , propaganda , peer pressure or threat of violence or death . 
  maybe not everyone , but most . 
  wars are bad . 
  i know that you ca n't always avoid wars , but at least you need a really good reason to fight a war and it should only be the last ressort , after every other option failed . 
  ideologies are bad ( personally , i 'm counting religions in that , too ) . 
  even democracies can fail and turn into an oppressive state . 
  my understanding of the current opinion in germany is that yes , people do not want to send any more money into a bottomless pit , but in general we would like to help greece . 
  we do n't want the greeks to suffer . 
  basically we want what is demanded right now : show us exactly how you want to go forward . 
  show us a plan . 
  explain to us , how and why this plan will work and how long it takes . 
  talk is cheap , put laws that put reforms into action on the table . 
  then , and only then do i see a chance that they get another bailout through german parliament . 
  it will cost merkel politicaly , but she can take it . 
  she has the votes if she wants them , it 's not about parties or party lines , it 's about the public opinion . 
  i imagine it 's the same for other northern european countries and if germany and a majority of countries want it , others will fall in line . 
  i especially liked that part and the ( sad ) irony of it :  the billionaire was accused of giving 3m euros ( # 2.5 m ; $ 4m ) in 2006 to sergio de gregorio , then a senator from the anti-corruption italy of values party , to switch to berlusconi 's people of freedom party and thus undermine the government of the time . 
  i did n't follow the berlusconi thing closely because i got the impression it was all rather technical and complicated , but this seems really straight forward . 
  question for the italians here : why did it take so long and why is n't he in jail right now ? 
  seems like a very simple yet very serious matter once you have proof . 
  they did negotiate for a long time already . 
  so my guess would be that on the lower levels they are very familiar with the relevant positions on different issues and the matters in general . 
  maybe even working together on the proposals right now . 
  so what do you suggest ? 
  doing nothing , because nothing works ? 
  more money indefinitely , so the state can keep running a deficit ? 
  there are a lot of suggestions on the table . 
  cutting pensions does n't have to hit the poorest . 
  it does n't have to be a big cut right now . 
  same with government jobs or the military . 
  you do n't have to fire half the people immidiately . 
  relatively small steps over time will do . 
  but you have to put a working plan into motion . 
  set up the laws , rules and regulations for the future . 
  close loopholes , make it easier to invest and run a business in greece . 
  it wo n't be fixed over night anyway , it is a long process , but you have to start somewhere and you have to do it now . 
  it also does n't make sense to play sides and except certain groups from the process . 
  for example if you except the islands from a vat increase then of course it 's easy to point at them and say it 's unfair to threat them differently than say pensioners . 
  everybody has to take part . 
  everybody has to shoulder the problems together . 
  that 's solidarity . 
  if you put such detailed plans into effect , people will see were it leads . 
  of course they will protest , but again , if everyone is affected it 's hard to claim unfairness or corruption . 
  but people will also see that there is a plan , that there is an end to it eventually and no more uncertainty . 
  they will have a vision for the future of greece . 
  louisina is a bad example . 
  we do that kind of money transfer inside germany between our own states , too . 
  the situation in europe is much more comparable to this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mexican_peso_crisis#bailout with two big differences .
