we 're the eu 's biggest customer . 
  # 50 billion trade deficit with the eu , and the uk is the one who loses , yeah alright . 
  i know police in barcelona do n't treat tourists very well , had n't heard about it in belgium . 
  maybe they 're just trying to big themselves up as they 're powerless in places like molenbeek . 
  i spent a month in the states last summer , some beer is ok but the standard ones that people that i hung out with most is water , such as bud light . 
  american beer is water filth , chocolate is ok . 
  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/american-vs-british-teeth-dental-care-study_5673089ae4b0648fe3029c44 inaccurate dear sir . 
  no it 's not , the next government could just take us back in . 
  absolute scaremongering . 
  related : http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2dxgxd_juncker-state-of-the-union-speech-year-3000_news, 
  do n't see this news going well with the muslim community ... 
  i misunderstood the title , i thought germany was leasing drones to israel . 
  i 'm being sarcastic , i would probably vote fn if i was french . 
  of course they have the best first hand experience of what is happening to their country , they 're not building a persona of people based on media as much as the public might be . 
  they 're living it , which is also why most of the border electorates voted for fn more than other parties . 
  bloody racists !, 
  but they do n't want that , they just want to walk or travel through europe to the countries with the best benefits/where they have friends ... 
  i 'm a eurosceptic and i 've been saying that we should be investing in safe zones in syria since the migrant crisis kicked off . 
  so , proof ? 
  not much will change , the only party that could save them is afd , but no one wants to appear to be a nazi/racist , so they wo n't get in . 
  they will accept their decline with a smile . 
  and you think there is more eurosceptic * propaganda * than there is pro eu propaganda ? 
  you think there is more distorting of the facts on the leave side ? 
  what propaganda is there ? 
  i 'd love to see some . 
  they 're meant to claim asylum in the first safe country , they have absolutely no right to be there and france or the uk has absolutely no responsibility in processing them , france does more as they let them in in the first place though , i guess . 
  actually with certain cards you wo n't have to , i used a halifax clarity card ( sorry if non-intentional advertising is against the rules ) in america , and there was no charges for using it , just using the visa exchange rate of the day . 
  sure , refugees do , but only accent experts knows who the real refugees are . 
  people would n't have to if stupid decisions , made by the european union had never been made in the first place , there were so many better options than just practically saying everyone who gets on a boat will be picked up/allowed in . 
  when are refugees able to apply for eu passports ? 
  i 'm seriously worried for the uk . 
  origins of things are important in my opinion , you obviously feel different , lets leave it at that . 
  what i meant was public opinion on the feeling on whether they had been led on or not , and from polling data it does look like we 're more eu-sceptic than we were in 1975 . 
  when do issues stop becoming relevant , so i can bring up stuff that would please you ? 
  edit : i assume the basis of the creation of the eu is off limits ? 
  are people also not allowed to talk about how it allegedly stopped wars ? 
  are you going to tell those people off to ? 
  yes , and they 've changed their mind . 
  how dare they !, 
  i 'm just reflecting public opinion , fortunately or unfortunately i do not control it . 
  well , you 've got a bit of a point there , i 'd definitely like to say that most average people probably would have had a difficult time getting hold of eu treaties in 1975 though . 
  really though , there 's nothing wrong re-evaluating your needs and wants , and coming to a different conclusion than the one you made in 1975 . 
  implying germany would n't trade with others if they were n't in a political union with them . 
  the un charter and the damage that hitler 's germany did has done a lot more to stop wars than the eu ever could . 
  we 're better at trade now because we 're more globalised , do you think other nations need to be in a political union to trade effectively ? 
  protip , they do n't . 
  yeah , people feeling like they 've been lead on and never really agreed to what is happening is a pretty good argument imo . 
  well , if you ask people who voted for it they definitely feel like they were led on a bit . 
  edit : spelling, 
  but the public was lied to . 
  the people were told it was just going to be the economic community , there was extra information on the subject but debatably it was n't freely available . 
  most people regard the vote as a bit of a stitch up , with some politicians knowing it would lead to further integration , but like i said , the vast majority just thought it was a vote for a free trade area . 
  `` previous research shows the uk is easily the most frequently outvoted country and business for britain research last year indicated that by 2014 , britain had voted `` no '' 55 times in the council of ministers and lost every time , since records began in 1996 . '', 
  http://www.express.co.uk/news/politics/599473/eu-britain-five-years  and as for laws adopted by previous governments , how is that even a valid complaint ? 
  or do you suggest that all previous laws be purged once a new government is voted in ? 
  most people who want to stay in the eu do n't know anything about the eu . 
  the majority of politicians in the eu ( uk included ) want further integration and federalism , so yes , they just sit back and let them do what they want . 
  do n't forget wanting our parliaments and courts to be supreme , 
  those silly british wanting to make their own laws !, 
  not wanting to take on laws that the eu makes is the uk thinking it 's special , it 's a mainland europe meme . 
  thats your fault for not keeping up with trends , duckduckgo is good , there 's tons more search engines that are good . 
  if someone made something that was genuinely better than google and cheaper to run then people would move to it and it would force google out of the market , government intervening hardly ever works . 
  why ca n't you just leave google alone , if someone makes a better google the problem will sort itself out . 
  stop trying to fuck up a good product eu . 
  some people just want to watch the world burn . 
  now this is pretty much seen as mainstream , i wonder if people who protested new mosques being built will get an apology . 
  scratch what i said about europe , i mean russia is in europe and i do n't feel a particularly strong bond with them , i have a bond with western europe . 
  would you say you share an identity with europe , or with the european union ? 
  i 'm a pretty big eurosceptic and i would say that i love europe , share a lot with them , be friends and allies till the day our nation 's die . 
  but i feel no commitment and no shared identity with the eu . 
  remember that story a few weeks ago about how sweden lost 14000 refugees who were due to be deported ? 
  littledevil1 remembers . 
  we 've got to stop using this term `` anti-immigration '' i 'm pretty sure they 're just `` anti-open door/mass immigration/no control '' . 
  well it 's obviously not to a lot of people . 
  americans are proud and patriotic , whereas in europe that 's seen as far right nazism . 
  at least germany had common language , and i 'm guessing similar wage level . 
  come on man , one country is completely different to 28 . 
  europe is too different to have a union . 
  hmm , will be very interesting to see how this plays out . 
  maybe even i 'll be happy with the reforms , if they ever happen of course . 
  interesting . 
  but to be honest , i think me and other eurosceptics will only truly be happy when we literally just have a free trade deal , same standards or whatever to comply with eu laws , but with the freedom to have trade deals with countries that our country has negotiated , which will definitely help small and medium sized businesses , who currently have to obey 100 % of the laws sent to us from the eu , but never do any trade with them . 
  can confirm am happy . 
  awaiting more news , juncker is actually relatively sane though , i doubt tusk and others are in favour of this . 
  thanks i did n't realise . 
  `` france is requesting help and assistance from europe . 
  and today all europe , united , answers yes , '' eu diplomacy chief federica mogherini said at a press conference . 
  `` the european union expressed its strongest , full support and readiness to provide all the aid and assistance asked for and needed . '', 
  french president francois hollande had invoked article 42.7 of the eu treaty in an address to the parliament monday . 
  yeah that 's how i interpreted the question , obviously the people who gave the downvotes think differently !, 
  i 'd say the most common street food here is actually hot dogs . 
  rather have a bad parliament than a good king - tony benn , quote has been butchered . 
  but yeah that 's how i feel, 
  lithuania , i have n't thought about them very much at all . 
  sorry lithuania . 
  are you saying there 's no political correctness , in belgium , with molenbeek and everything . 
  edit : to be fair i do n't follow any belgian politics, 
  i think it 's disgusting and insulting that you think europe means the eu rather ( edit : more ) than europe the continent . 
  so , ukraine was attacked relatively recently , france has n't been , i 'm guessing you did n't grab a gun and start fighting for ukraine , i 'm also guessing that you would be a lot more inclined to if someone tried to annex part of france ? 
  i think over all you can have the same level of loyalty to two entities , i just think it 's a lot easier to have strong ties and loyalty to where you are closest to .
