there are no parts of the uk that dont use pound . 
  hope independance goes through ,, 
  yep , people are scared to speak out for fear of being called racist ... 
  nobody is sticking up for neo-nazis at all ... people are just mentioning that immagrants commit the most crime in sweden which is fact , a fact that is largely ignored by swedes and their news, 
  so more excuses for immagrant crime ... yeah ... 
  thats because swedens prison system is too lenient , you guys arent severe enough in your punishments, 
  that 's the problem , you look at it like your saving them which is fine but they arent earning that saviour by commiting crimes on the swedish people are they ? 
  this should not be allowed . . and your media will focus on right wing extremists which is also fine but never cover immigrant crime because that would be `` racist '' its pathethic, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_and_crime#sweden i can send you more links if you like . 
  sweden has a massive problem with immigrants committing crime a massive problem , it 's not xenophobic to recognise that . 
  im preeety sure we 'd be stabbed . 
  the nordic way is to be pussies and let immigrants ruin your country and run amock committing crimes, 
  correct, 
  could be the door was resistant like it was hard to open so he over compensated and it all went to shit, 
  it 's a mix of spanish armada and the celt-iberians . 
  which is also spanish so, 
  nah its actually legit . 
  they washed up on our shores and inter bred . 
  celt-iberians migrated north anyways before that , that 's probably where most of the spanish link is , but a combination of both is likely . 
  niceee , he layed that one guy fuckin flaaat . 
  those turks where a bunch of pussies big group with weapons v one guy . 
  or ya know a lot of us just have darker skin because of the spanish influence . 
  black irish ? 
   much of seeming immigration issues can often be boiled down to class issues . 
  if you pull enough mental gymnastics . 
  i mean i question your whole nations logic on immigration considering imigrants are massivley over represented in your crime statistics . 
  its got me really worked up before bed too . 
  this isnt tolerance , this is appeasement , they should change to fit european way of living , not europe change for them . 
  why are they doing it , for fucks sake sweden ... its not racist to say no , they are the ones who should change if they want to live in europe . 
  i drink pints of tea , and beer too , but also tea , in a pint mug . 
  i was gon na say , i barely see straight couples walking hand in hand around the place . 
  ayyy lmao . 
  none of us care what you have to say obese ameritard, 
  turkey is n't europe, 
  http://www.irishcentral.com/news/dublin-has-become-the-gun-murder-capital-of-europe-69575922-237669061.html dublin is the gun murder capital of europe , and its still a massive deal over here . 
  no where near the levels of america !, 
  oh shut the fuck up . 
  this is most likely gang related not isis related, 
  big towns that are just under city sized are good imo , not as much hecticness, 
  they support a dated belief system that has failed to move with the times , that has failed to become part of the modern world . 
  islam is a plague , imo all religion is , but islam has shown it can not intigrate . 
  i know islamic extremists kill mostly islamic people , does that suddenly make it an okay belief system ? 
  they even kill each other that 's even more damnin . 
  they dont tolerate our beliefs why should we tolerate theirs . 
  they left their countries because of dated beliefs and killing , why do they want to reinstate it here ? 
  like they were n't against us already ? 
  why should we care how this ban makes us look to them ? 
  they are attacking civilian targets regularly within europe , the burkini is a symbol of the caveman attitudes of islam , it 's incompatible with europeans views they should assimilate with our cultures or go back , why should we bend to their ways ? 
  especially since they are attacking us regularly we need to show them we do n't tolerate their extreme views . 
  again i say some muslims are good but since we ca n't tell we have to take a hardline stance . 
  we ca n't have these dated views public flaunted especially from a religion which has shown it 's hate , vitriol and violence vividly against average european people . 
  to be honest since these attacks stem from within our countries we have to do something about it , we ca n't be seen being weak , we ca n't be tolerant to the intolerant ... you realise if an american women where in saudi and got raped she has comitted the crime ? 
  these people ca n't be allowed to push there extreme version of islam , sure there are good muslims but we ca n't reliably tell the difference , they are among us . 
  we have to do something . 
  disgraceful . 
  should not be part of official uniform for anything . 
  oh shut the fuck up people do care, 
  yep , either culturally aclimitise or fuck off, 
  it 's a symbol of islamic misogyny and normalises islam despite terror attacks . 
  hopefully sarkozy gets in and properly deals with muslims, 
  hopefully he gets in again . 
  seems like he might actually fucking do something about this shit, 
  good, 
  catholics are n't doing terror attacks in france very often though, 
  fuck that . 
  the people didnt get to decide this , anyone with half a brain is totally against . 
  they already resent us , they are already attacking from within everyday . 
  they arent going to eventually stop hating us , we arent going to stop them with kindness , such as we are currently doing !, 
  more interested in stopping people saying bad things about the murderous rapist muslim immigrants than actually stopping rape and murder . 
  it absolutley is not a circle jerk , stop being so blind to the in-action of our governments . 
  so they did consider him a terrorist , they just choose not to use that in the trial in order to secure a worse conviction ? 
  why even bother bringing it up then ... 
  its just excuse after excuse being made for these radiclized migrants and other muslims , something needs to actually be done , and that something isnt letting more of the unvetted masses in to attack europe even more . 
  ireland is pretty good it seems !, 
  ireland was poor when we got independence , then we became a richer nation than britain per gdp , obviously we are having some problems now but still ... 
  i do n't get the whole ulster banner thing - especially in rugby all provinces have players on the team but only ulster gets a flag ? 
  i really hope turkey is n't allowed into the eu . 
  why would an american even be on r/europe it does n't make sense . 
  since when is canada in europe ? 
  not happening . 
  if they would at least stop them from marching into nationalist areas it would help . 
  this happened on the 12th of july ( orange day ) a day where people who think northern ireland should stay part of the uk march and stuff the rioters are the republicans/nationalists who take the whole idea of the unionists marching through their areas as offensive . 
  just no . 
  if someone broke into my house i would probably try to wound them or kill them . 
  in my country this is legal / ireland, 
  remove chinese and arabic and put celtic and norse, 
  im irish and i an assure you our people will never allow this to happen ever . 
  well i use it like so : the uk is a state-scotland , wales and england are countries . 
  americans are the aids . 
  i say we call them aidsericans, 
  this map seems to confuse states with countries . 
  i thinks its more the conservative media in the uk that despises europe . 
  not really as only the top of england is celtic for the most part the english are germanic in race and culture . 
  all celtic nations in the british isles are illegally occupied including wales scotland and isle of man, 
  i am no foreigner . 
  i really dont care me and my ilk will train hard and fight hard for our gaelic brothers freedom . 
  the original occupation of ireland was illegal ... all colonialism is illegal . 
  ireland was illegally occupied so letting `` northern ireland '' have a referendum is bullshit because it is not a different country all of ireland should vote on it . 
  that referendum was also in 1973 . 
  it 's more about her visiting un-occupied ireland whilst the top part of ireland is still occupied she is also visiting the garden of remembrance .
