   i know it 's alright to say all the shit about poles `` stealing your low-wage jobs '' and `` leeching on your welfare '' but we all know the truth . 
  people say this about immigration in general , you should stop with the persecution complex . 
   that poor polish plumber that fixes your shit pays his bills , pays his taxes and tries to make a living . 
  peoples problem with intra-eu migration is that britain ca n't control who comes and who does n't . 
  just paying their bills and trying to make a living is a very low bar to set . 
   and you ca n't say the same about other migrant groups that are ruining your beautiful country . 
  but you 're too scared to say it out loud . 
  where do you people get this information exactly ? 
  have you ever actually lived here or do you get all your information from a bunch of redditors and breitbart ? 
  edit : in answer to your other comment : in 2014 there were 38,767 people who were removed from the uk or departed voluntarily after the initiation of removal . 
   commonwealth of britain that looks like a pretty typical tony benn bill , and there 's not much else you could call the uk once the monarchy 's abolished . 
  but yeah , we love calling stuff commonwealths . 
  i actually got the name from [ fallout ] ( http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/european_commonwealth ) and its the only time i 've seen the name before . 
  funnily enough the uk withdraws from that too . 
  i 'm not sure i could imagine a more hellish version of 1984 , in fact the worst part of 1984 probably is n't even possible . 
  i think european union would be a fine name for a federal europe . 
  although if the name were to change i 'd prefer european commonwealth to anything else i 've seen . 
  were n't they going to intervene in syria until parliment voted against action ? 
  as far as i can tell from the page him & some firefighters were spraying water on refugees because it was hot and he took a picture with the caption `` flamethrower w\u00e4hre ( sic ) as the better solution . '', 
  and posted it on facebook . 
  that 's not `` an anti-refugee/immigration opinion '' thats saying setting refugees on fire is a good idea . 
  in fact the lawyer says this :  there is a difference if someone says `` i am against asylum seekers , the boat is full '' or if he posts on facebook : the include but burned . 
  that has a different quality . 
  the apprentice has exceeded limits by more or less prompted to murder . 
  such people can no reasonable employer tolerate . 
  so please find a case where someone got sacked ( if this kid even got sacked ) for an `` anti-refugee/immigration opinion '' not saying they should set people on fire . 
  edit : they even address a case where someone got fired for going to far-right rallies , a decision that was overturned in court . 
   career mirror : but there were four years ago already an opinion to a npd event in karlsruhe . 
  an employee has been terminated because he participated in npd events , promoted the extreme right-wing party and had even founded a youth organization . 
   bauer : the federal labor court ruled at that time that he had not violated the democratic constitution and cashed the termination . 
  the npd is not forbidden . 
  so clearly in austria it is also illegal to fire someone for their political opinions . 
  go ahead and find some examples then . 
  edit :  `` only in cases where a persons political beliefs have interfered with their ability to do their job can there be grounds to bring disciplinary proceedings . 
   ... right to bring a claim for unfair dismissal on the grounds of their political beliefs from day one . '', 
  edit 2 : the article he 's linked is of a kid getting fired for saying they should set refugees on fire , he was n't fired for wanting to reduce immigration or not accept refugees which is what was being discussed . 
  he 's full of shit . 
  i 've heard people say the same about the uk , its just not true . 
  being against migration would ` nt ruin your career either . 
  there are n't any laws against stating you do n't want to accept refugees in western europe either . 
  no-one gives a fuck . 
   when i was ridiculed in a classroom for illegality downloading a what would have been 500 $ textbook . 
  at my university when our lecturers say we need a book they always say we might be able to find a pdf online if we look hard enough . 
  what exactly is he talking about ? 
  is he saying people discriminate against eastern europeans but not `` brown minorites '' , or that people complain about eu immigration but not immigration from outside the eu ? 
   anti-eu sentiment guys bash poles , romanians , hungarians etc. 
  for being there because the uk does n't have any control over who comes or not . 
   somalians , pakistanis , iraqis , indians and the rest of the third world is just shrugged off as `` but it 's the commonwealth '' or `` shit happens '' . 
  can you clarify what you mean by that ? 
  do you mean people are n't racist towards them or that people do n't want to reduce immigration from these places , because neither of those are true . 
   i think many white western europeans are frustrated by not being able to speak up against `` brown '' minorities ( blacks , ppl from india , pakistan , bangladesh etc ) plenty of ` white western europeans ' complain about immigration from outside the eu ( and `` brown minorities '' ) . 
   their country because they could lose their job , their friends etc. 
  just for speaking up ... no job could justify sacking someone for a poltical opinion ( anti-immigration ) , and most people who are anti-immigration generally are n't friends with people who are hugely pro-immigration . 
   so they lash out on those who are not protected by mainstream culture : eastern europeans . 
  no , people just do n't like 600k a year immigration regardless of the immigrants skin colour . 
  the main problem people have with eu immigration is that the uk has no control over who comes from the other 27 member-states . 
  i 've never witnessed racism towards eastern europeans , but i have seen plently of racism directed at africans and asians . 
  im honestly not sure where you 're getting your ideas from . 
  sheffield is n't in the midlands . 
  as a sheffielder of 21 years i can say it 's a great city . 
  i wish people in our government would shut up about trump . 
   goldmine for the conservatives . 
  the labour party is polling aroung 8-11 points lower than the conseratives , this time five years ago labour were polling 5 points higher than the tories . 
  he 's essentially ineffective opposition , failing to challenge the tories on their fuck-ups while trying to push his incredibly unpopular ideas . 
  we 're not becoming a police state and this ridiculous hyperbole just makes it easier to frame pro-civil liberties groups as idiots . 
  i do n't hear similar things said about france and they 've passed similar legislation to the bill our government is struggling to pass . 
   citizens rights being taken away other than the obvious privacy issues what rights have been taken away ? 
   ridiculously high house prices house prices can be high in the uk but its only in the south-east ( london especially ) its really that high . 
  average monthly salary  uk : $ 3246.25 sweden : $ 3362.5 not quite ridiculously low . 
  also the uk = / = england . 
  so we 're still going to have to pay to maintain & build the submarines and delivery systems ? 
  still going to have to train the crews ? 
  the only thing we 'll save money on is manufacturing the warheads . 
  what 's the point ? 
  currently the labour party seem to have completely shit themselves , if they want to be credible opposition they 're going to have to get rid of corbyn and get a better leader in quickly . 
  the labour party is polling aroung 8-11 points lower than the conseratives , this time five years ago labour were polling 5 points * higher * than the tories . 
  they need to drop corbyn and his cabinet pronto and get benn or jarvis in , or atleast someone credible . 
  sean bean is from sheffield . 
  edit : also those girls have a pretty middle class sheffield accent and are n't the best example . 
  [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/qgiof3pa6ge ) is some good examples of sheffield accents . 
  there is a few in the rural areas of ireland , scotland and wales although most will be quite old . 
  its not an official language of the uk either , the only official language is welsh in wales . 
   2005 there were segregated welsh , irish and scottish communities that only spoke their original languages . 
  welsh would probably be included in this data as english , as it is in the uk census , and the number of gaelic and irish-only speakers are very small ( i assume , although i ca n't find any data . ) . 
  so i assume most would be immigrants , refugees etc. 
  its 38 % on the data source op used . 
  over a million who ca n't speak english , wtf ? 
  the us apparently is only 94 % english speakers aswell . 
  edit : the wikipedia data looks a bit dodgy  population - 64,000,000  english speakers - 63,962,000 so i 'm not sure where the 98 % figure is from . 
  edit2 :  92 % have english as their main language , of the remaining 8 % , 17 % ( 726,000 ) could speak english but not well and the remaining three per cent ( 138,000 ) could not speak english at all . 
  so 864,000 ( 1.6 % overall ) ca n't speak english or ca n't speak it well . 
  2,432 active users on / r/europe from the uk . 
  england , wales , ireland , america , australia , nz and most of canada use common law whereas continental europe uses civil law . 
  catalonia taking its rightful spot in the g20 . 
  [ obama rules out u.s. troops on the ground to fight islamic state ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/16/us-g20-turkey-obama-strategy-iduskcn0t51qs20151116 ), 
  yeah , normally a couple of librarians will sit on the front desk along with a computer technician most of the night . 
  at my university they made them open the university 's library 24/7 instead of closing it at 11pm , thats the sort of stuff they do . 
  [ let 's face it , the eu rescued us from failure ] ( http://www.thetimes.co.uk/article/lets-face-it-the-eu-rescued-us-from-failure-2kqm9kxx0 )  europe was to be our deus ex machina ; it was to create a political argument with insular socialism ; dish the liberals by stealing their clothes ; give us something new after 12-13 years ; act as a catalyst of modernisation ; give us a new place in the international sun . 
  it was macmillan 's ace , and de gaulle trumped it . ''  this is how michael fraser , one of supermac 's advisers , described the moment when general charles de gaulle doomed harold macmillan . 
  on january 14 , 1963 , the french president said `` non '' to britain 's application to join the european economic community .
