are you saying an integrated muslim is likely to be radicalised ? 
  or that muslims are less likely to integrate ? 
  & gt ; at this point though if you have whole areas of just muslims/pakistanis , the problem is n't immigration , it 's that these people have established separate communities , and have little incentive to ` integrate ' . 
  thats the way i see it , im not sure much can be done , except for actively trying to stop them radicalsing . 
  & gt ; it 's like a friend i know , who has a foreign accent even though he was born in ireland ... meanwhile i got here when i was older and you 'd never tell i was n't irish from listening to me . 
  yeah , if you watch 4 lions you 'll hear the sheffield/pakistani accent . 
  most of them are fine but those pew polls scare me a bit tbf . 
  im going to edit my other comment because its bit incoherent . 
  the main problem is there are areas of sheffield that are 60-90 % pakistani and african , so many young 2nd/3rd gen minorities go to pakistani or african majority schools . 
  so they do n't have a chance to integrate fully . 
  most of the schools available in these areas have such a large muslim population they close on eid to deal with this they started taking children from poorer largely minority primary schools and putting them in mostly middle-class secondary schools , but this creates a similar problem , they only hang around with their primary school friends . 
  this then does n't allow them to integrate so they do n't gain strong connections to britain , as / u/barismancoismydad said in his comment ( i 've edited it a bit ) & gt ; imagine being in a cultural limbo , not british enough to be british and not pakistani enough to be pakistani . 
  everyone wants to belong somewhere , leading people to go overboard with trying to connect to their long lost , and heavily romanticized , ancestry . 
  poor non-muslims will usually not integrate either , honestly our immigration policy has been quite a shambles . 
  to integrate them we should have had a more moderate approach to immigration back in end of the 90s till now , because some areas could be described as ghettos ( bit extreme maybe ) . 
  not sure what to do now though except hope this islamism thing stops . 
  talking about british pakistanis + somalis so this may not be entirely accurate and also touches on a lot of other points but w/e i 've wrote it now . 
  the main problem is related to the volume of immigration creating whole boroughs ( about a third of sheffield boroughs ) that are 60-90 % pakistani , carribean or somalian . 
  the pakistanis are mainly muslim as are the somalis , so theres a lot of muslims here , these areas are like ` little pakistan ' but they 're quite large as they are 5 boroughs all clustered together . 
  the schools in these areas are majority pakistani ( and muslim , they close for eid ) , this means can easily feel few ties to britain as they may have never truly integrated , combine this with few job prospects and having ` real ' ties to islam ( has a mosque in his area , may speak arabic , etc ) . 
  to try to tackle this issue they started taking primary school children from ethnic minority areas and placing them in ` white ' middle-class schools . 
  this seems to be government policy and is still creates similar problems . 
  for instance , in my old secondary school they normally have around 25 muslims in a year of around 150 students ( every year has a similar amount ) , and because they all went to the same school they all hang around together . 
  this stops them integrating in a similar way children who go to muslim majority schools do n't . 
  whereas everyone else who all went to one of three local primaries would hang around together , these will usually be like most native brits with some 2nd/3rd gen immigrants , these were all practically native brits before primary anyway . 
  a lot of muslims in these boroughs do integrate fine and its up to the indivdual but radicalisation becomes a real issue when there is large amounts of muslims focused in a few poor boroughs of a city , islam seems to be something they can get these kids to identify with and then use that to radicalise them . 
  so im not blaming islam but rather a lack of assimilation along with incompetent immigration and assimilation policy . 
  most of these kids are n't even particularly religous until they 're radicalised ( see adam choudury ) . 
  side note - i do find less religous muslims to be more relatable but even quite hardline muslims are fine . 
  also some 2nd/3rd gen immigrants can feel closer ties to pakistan or somalia than britain ( seen this first hand quite a lot ) . 
  even with our terrible immigration policy most muslims are sound . 
  tl ; dr very segregated and un-assimilated cultures and poor immigration policy exacerbating this . 
  islam is the one ` thing ' they feel they have real ties to ( this can be quite noticeable ) , so do n't be surprised when you have a 90 % muslim area that some of them get radicalised . 
  edit : clarity because it was a bit incoherent, 
  germany has neo-nazis rioting and burning down refugee centres , that does n't sound very open . 
  this would never happen in 21st century britain yet it happens in ` open ' germany . 
  the idea that britain is n't an open tolerant country is complete bollocks , the worst we have is farage . 
  edit : a nazi pissed on a woman and child in germany . 
  mate wtf are you talking about . 
  edit 2 : poor kid deleted his account :(, 
  & gt ; grumpy geriatric community that france and the uk are . 
  average age france : 40.9 uk : 40.4 germany : 46.1, 
  pathetic divisive attitude , practically noone is nostalgic about the empire . 
  what were the moderate anti-immigration parties ? 
  if immigration is a big enough issue they may do yes , although i do n't think bnp ever admitted to being racist . 
  cameron said he would reduce immigration to the tens of thousands from the hundreds of thousands and it has increased , are you surprised people do n't trust them on immigration ? 
  just because they say they 're tough on it does n't mean they are . 
  & gt ; doubtful , they are just less openly racist currently . 
  more likely they found a party that would attempt to tackle immigration that was n't batshit crazy so chose that one . 
  do you actually think most ukip voters are racist ? 
  also far left parties have been much more destructive than the far right in the uk recently . 
  i do n't see how a single eu army is feasible atm , and there is a lot more that needs to be done in the eu before it is . 
  firstly i 'm sceptical eu countries would use that increased efficiency to increase capabilities but more to decrease costs . 
  this is an issue in the european mentality and needs to be changed as we should n't rely on america for defence or offensive capabilities as its a bit ridiculous honestly ( this is even with independent armies ) . 
  this single army should be pursued way in the future though , we still do n't have a single services or capital market or even per capita gdps that are anywhere near comparable ( uk = $ 42k , romania = $ 10k ) . 
  if you want an eu army to be controlled by the eu only the entire organisation need to be less complex and more democratically accountable . 
  if you want each contry to have a say/veto it could become very impotent . 
  essentially i do n't believe a single eu army to be feasible for a long time so in the meantime why are we relying on the us so much when most european countries spend 1ish % on defence when america spends 4.4 % . 
  since we have just below ( in most cases ) or slightly above americas gdp per capita in western europe its only fair the burden of protecting the eu should fall on us not the us . 
  side note - us difference in gdp per capita is $ 60k in delaware and $ 28k in mississippi . 
  edit : also how would the nuclear deterrent work because i do n't think anyone west of berlin wants a thermonuclear because someone invaded latvia . 
  edit 2 : clarity, 
  you 'll never get most people on this subreddit to agree that increased military spending is needed . 
  even in a single military our current spending is n't enough , 250billion vs 700billion does n't make us equal partners to the us . 
  i do n't really see how you can justify not spending more on the military if we want to defend eastern europe unless we are wanting us military bases all over europe indefinetly ? 
  ww2 ended 70 years ago maybe we can pay for our own defence now ? 
  pure troop numbers ( that include military police ) are n't very useful measures for comparing defence , especially when you 're comparing an island nation to continental ones . 
  we massively outspend most nations in the eu in real terms and as a percent of gdp , we mainly focus on high tech equipment . 
  ( supercarriers , type 45s , nuclear subs , trident ) edit : clarity, 
  he 's just repeating a meme , i seriously doubt he 's ever been here . 
  i did n't even think about swatch actually , they probably are more iconic but nestle was the first one to mind . 
  someone had already put lego and i did n't want to put the same as someone else . 
  also i did n't know lego was danish until i saw his comment . 
  i forgot guiness or i woud 've picked that . 
  i personally associate ryanair with ireland , maybe other people do n't idk . 
  volvo for me , although i 've never been in an ikea . 
  uk - bbc ireland - ryanair germany - adidas or mercedes ( cars in general ) italy - ferrari france - airbus netherlands - shell belgium - godiva sweden - volvo finand - nokia russia - gazprom switzerland - nestle denmark - maersk poland - the witcher ( cd projekt red ), 
  corbyn got denounced by most when he suggested it . 
  [ jeremy corbyn faces backlash over women-only train carriages idea ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/aug/26/jeremy-corbyn-backlash-women-only-train-carriages-cooper-kendall )  the end violence against women coalition tweeted that this was a `` terrible idea '' , saying that it implied harassment against women would be acceptable in mixed carriages . 
   the tory mp sarah wollaston , who chairs the commons health committee , said segregating women on public transport `` just normalises unacceptable attitudes '' . 
  the proposal would not tackle the underlying causes of sexual violence , she said . 
   `` in countries where women are segregated on public transport , this is a marker for disempowerment not safety , '' she said in a tweet . 
  [ jeremy corbyn attacked over women-only train ` segregation ' ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/labour/11824560/jeremy-corbyn-attacked-over-women-only-train-segregation-live.html )  transport for london : we do n't support women-only carriages  a transport for london spokesperson said : `` all our customers have the right to travel without fear of any kind of attack . 
  we believe that we should focus on the perpetrators and their unacceptable behaviour , which is why we work closely with our police partners on project guardian , with officers across the network out deterring , detecting and catching offenders . 
   `` encouraging victims of any unwanted sexual behaviour to report it to stop it , with the confidence that it will be investigated , is helping break down the barriers to reporting such crimes , and enabling us to build up the necessary intelligence to rid our network of such vile behaviour . 
   `` crime on the underground is at its lowest ever level , having decreased by over 12 per cent in the last year alone , at a time when passenger numbers have risen . 
  there are around 700 uniformed police personnel on the tube and dlr networks , forming part of the 2,500 strong group of tfl-funded officers who work across the tfl transport network keeping customers safe . '' there 's a lot more stuff like this in the articles , i do n't think there 's any real support at all for it . 
   the british tabloid press openly discusses intra-eu immigrants they do n't discuss non-eu immigration ? 
   uses the generic `` asians '' , mostly for people of islamic descent , and rarely those of african descent . 
  thats just what pakistanis , indians , sri lankans and bagladeshis are called in the uk , so i 'm not sure what your point is . 
  unless you 're just complaining that they do n't call them muslims . 
  regardless , i 'm not talking about the mainstream media , i 'm talking about the people 's views towards immigration . 
   louis xiii is n't that the stuff they sell at the montparnasse bar for # 100 per glass . 
  do they still make that ? 
  wait for numbers of what ? 
  deportations , asylum seekers or immigration ? 
  i assume you 're talking about refugees into the eu during summer last year ? 
  the previously quoted figure is for all deportations from the uk in 2014 , most will be immigrants from outside the eu ^ [ 1 ] . 
  the uk only gets around 30,000 asylum applications per year , if germany gets 30,000 a week that 's their problem . 
  ^ [ 1 ] some will be asylum seekers and eu migrants too .
