   how could these people have the system already ? 
  they do n't . 
  they put the auctions up pre-emptively to reel in naive parents before other resellers flood ebay . 
  small n3ds is awesome . 
  picked it up solely because of the sexy matte finish . 
  datamine says it 's empoleon , but the green background suggests it might be something else ... ~ ~ flygon ? ~ ~, 
  not even a support . 
  what gives ? 
  watch them make him slide on his belly like in the `` penguins of madagaskar '', 
  i hope so . 
  i missed the wii u version since i ended up never buying the console but i had fun playing this at my friends place . 
  would probably pick a copy together with a switch . 
  larger install base . 
  also , pokemon go effect . 
  now i do n't know how it is in france but i still see a ton of elementary school kids playing pokemon go , not so much adults , whereas at the release it used to be pretty much the other way around . 
  besides , pokemon players do n't care much where the game is set from what i noticed , as long as the region is interesting . 
  wow , pokken 's going on sale only now ? 
  they must 've made a pretty buck on it considering it already shipped over a million copies . 
  and early 90ties in some kantons . 
  my most anticipated dlc character . 
  the elephant in the room almost no one is talking about is the possibility of paid online . 
  given the suspiciously low price point , i wouldnt be surprised if switch had it ... 
  monster hunter gen 5 ( not confirmed ) , pokemon stars ( soft-confirmed ) , a sequel or a port of pokken tournament ( not confirmed ) . 
  if at least one of these happens on switch , i 'm buying the console 100 % . 
  awesome picks right there . 
  it seems the animation has been fixed now . 
  thanks a lot . 
  thanks !, 
   countless new pok\u00e9mon, 
  i wish, 
  surprised i had to dig this far to finally find this comment . 
  just reddit being reddit i guess . 
  / r/nocontext, 
  yes , especially if its monthly . 
  unfortunately i live in a rather poor country so even $ 5 a month would be a strain to my home budget :( if paid online switch really happened i would probably just wait for the console to be hacked before buying it . 
  i would like to know more about the online functionality of the switch , most importantly whether the online services will be paid or not . 
  wish they could treat their non-american customers that way ... 
  * plausibledeniability * in honour of a fallen archive ( f ), 
  unreleased arcade dlc characters presumably . 
  i was actually very impressed by the software they presented . 
  there was a lot of stuff i did n't expect to be there ( new smt , dragon quest , square 's new ip , xenoblade 2 , fire emblem musou - basically all of the `` weeb '' rpg stuff ) and the new mario looks absolutely amazing . 
  but everything about the paid online ... it left such a sour taste in my mouth . 
  the fact that voice chat and online lobbies will be available only through some smartphone app , which is confirmed to come with it 's own paywalled content makes me believe switch 's online will be not be any better than the wii u 's , which was free of charge . 
  even if i buckle it up and pay myself , the online communities of games like pokemon will definitely take a big hit as many people will understandably not agree to paying for trading their pokemon or downloading an event once in a while . 
  sigh ... at this point i just hope the price of the subscription wo n't be higher than ps4 's ps plus subscription ( 5 $ / mo ) and that there will be discounts for buying a full year sub . 
  my modest eastern european salary is not used to taking this kind of abuse lol, 
  3ds did n't start selling until the massive price cut was announced . 
  none of the dragon quest games have a confirmed western release . 
  the translator specifically said `` in japan '' . 
  my old iphone 5 has more than that ... 
  this always happens with literally every new console ever . 
  my reaction exactly . 
  the official site already confirmed we 're only getting snes/nes roms for subbing and they 're only available to you for a month ... essentially making them rental games . 
  voice chat and online lobbies are contained into a smartphone app , and the smartphone app comes with its own paid features that were n't yet specified . 
  it 's honestly a disaster no matter how i look at it : /, 
  so is pokemon for that matter . 
  this whole thing is a scam for anything but splatoon and maybe mariokart . 
  it 's not just any vc game ... only nes/snes stuff everyone already played to death . 
  and the game is only available to you for a month . 
  bank is arguably a better deal than what previous generations had , i.e. 
  requiring you to essentially buy another handheld system if you wanted to transfer your pokemon whenever you wanted . 
  the difference is an mmo subscription fee usually goes towards the upkeep of the game 's servers . 
  meanwhile nintendo online games are still chiefly peer-to-peer . 
  not gon na lie my heart stopped when i heard kimishima say `` major european countries '' but it seems poland is there after all . 
  phew . 
  does slovakia have an official nintendo distributor ? 
  that 's the only reason i can think of that would explain why switch is available only in a handful of eastern eu countries . 
  reminds me of the psp game box design . 
  pretty cute !, 
  while i wont miss miiverse , a new streetpass system would have been amazing . 
  i made so many new friends over the course of 3ds lifespan thanks to streetpass . 
  it 's a huge shame to see it go . 
  i hope they reconsider . 
  i really liked the mansion and the garden minigame . 
  good thing switch is getting neither ( / s ) . 
  making you pay for online . 
  from [ nintendo 's official switch page ] ( http://i.imgur.com/z12hygsh.jpg ) under online lobby and voice chat . 
  notice the careful wording . 
  if online lobbies and voice chat were available on the switch , the marketing department would underline that fact . 
  also notice the `` free , limited version of this app '' , suggesting there are additional costs fees in the app itself * even after you pay for the online access on the switch * . 
  us , the bright colors on the right cover hurt my eyes . 
  did you only skim over the complaints or something ? 
  cause no one really criticizes the switch for any of the hardware aspects ( other than no ethernet port i guess ) . 
  two main points of criticisms so far are a ) the pricing ( including paid online ) b ) poor software offering , especially at launch . 
  and i think you 're overselling the local multiplayer aspect of the switch a lot . 
  not only because local largely died in favor of online , but also because , despite what nintendo wants us to believe , the switch tablet itself wo n't be suited for that type of play due to it 's tiny screen . 
  let 's also not pretend that local multiplayer is some kind of a huge innovation , and innovation ( plus attractive price ) is what made the wii and the original ds such a huge success . 
  in fact , i 'd say nintendo is still riding heavily off the wii 's coattail , seeing as the wiimote-like joy-cons were a prominent part of the switch presentation . 
  so while i admire your optimism i prefer to remain sceptical . 
  so why lock the online behind the paywall at all ? 
  sorry , but i do n't buy this argument . 
   you do realize that nintendo giving us paid online service is a good chance that it will be better before than the free online service right ? 
  show me at least one source which points to that being the case . 
  because the evidence to the contrary is piling up very quickly , what with the 30 day rental service for 20 year old snes/nes roms anyone with a brain can emulate on their microwave nowadays . 
  most i could take is $ 20 a year , but i just know nintendo will slap a $ 120 fee and expect people to kiss their asses for `` giving '' them nes/snes roms for `` free '' . 
  that 's not gamefreak , but tpci . 
  they 're in charge of the pokemon franchise as a whole . 
  they could have another spin-off rather than a mainline entry in plans . 
  no they did n't . 
  the only news about pokemon on switch came from tpci 's representative 's mouth , and tpci = / = gamefreak .
