  stuck on the expert tag due to the coop requirement . 
  is there any place where eu ios players gather ? 
  i tried going to the reddit 's discord but that place was completely dead last time i was here . 
  i checked it out on the website i usually buy my games from and they have the n3ds available in all variants ( standalone and in bundles ) . 
  then again i live in poland , where 3ds is n't some super hot commodity in the first place :p but here is a link for reference , not sure if they offer an international shipment . 
  normal sized n3ds with no games goes for 709 z\u0142 ( ~ 163 euros / ~ 139 pounds ), 
  anyway , have you tried looking on ebay ? 
  yeah that 's a huge load of crap . 
  my parents would have 0 idea who doraemon or capitan tsubasa are , but they 'd recognize pikachu in an instant . 
  i 'd take a risk and say that pokemon is more popular than mario , especially if we take super niche markets like middle east into account . 
  until i hear about mario being banned in iran or a turkish kid jumping out of a window because he thought he could fly like lakitu until i stand that pokemon has more global recognition overall . 
  2nd actually , and it 's approaching mario pretty quickly despite being over a decade younger ( mario 1981 , pokemon 1996 ) . 
  i just hope there will also be a way to lower ivs and to rise ivs by 1 stat point . 
  i wish that `` could '' would finally turn to `` will '' ... stop teasing us nintendo . 
  honestly for me it was more the fact that i already finished all of my street pass games ( swap , quest and mansion ) and nintendo did n't add any new puzzle swap panels in a long while . 
  was excited until they announced there is no online sharing . 
  laaaaame . 
  i thought the consensus was that mk7 is the better of the two due to the shitty item balance in mk8 . 
  except for the part where you have to get a wii u to play it . 
  no , but having a choice between playing smash 4 on the 3ds and playing smash 4 on the wii u more people will ( and did ) pick the former due to the lower price and bigger library of games . 
  skipping this unless they add online . 
  absolutely yes, 
  i 'm not upset but the game seems to be running on the same engine as that godawful yoshi 's new island game , which makes me suspect they might share the same developer ( azrest or whatever they were called ) , in which case the chance that the pikmin 3ds will be bad is very high . 
  this and the announcement of more wii u ports like mario maker without online and yoshi 's wooly world without hd graphics makes me think nintendo is trying to pad us out with a bunch of mediocre games until nx comes out . 
  sad but true . 
  it used to be very popular 2 years ago , mostly because the ending song ( yokai taisou daichi ) went viral on the japanese internet . 
  level 5 milked the franchise very hard in the subsequent year , releasing like 6 new yokai games across different platforms . 
  the franchise took a hit in popularity after two new characters ( a girl in glasses and a robot space bunny ) were introduced to the show and the third yokai watch game got hit with delays . 
  then pokemon go came and sealed the deal even further ... yeah . 
   i read somewhere that the second game is what really caused it to take off in japan, 
  then whatever source you read was wrong . 
  the anime was what caused yw to explode in popularity . 
  even more specifically , it 's songs . 
  the merchandise and the show are doing well apperentely . 
  it a series that 's success was impossible to replicate anywhere other than the asian countries . 
  it got popular based on a song/dance which got turned into an internet meme due to its catchy melody and crude lyrics ( one of the verses is basically `` why shit stinks ? '', 
  [ while making fairly obvious hip movements ] ( https://youtu.be/vyklqxoj0ts#t=2m55s ) ) . 
  the original show also features a lot of rather primitive humour , including explicit references to anal sex , masturbation and defecation , which to my knowledge got mostly censored out of the western version . 
  so at the end of the day , what we in the west got was a fairly entertaining children 's cartoon ( along with the mostly irrelevant game and merchandise ) that got stripped out of everything that made it so popular in the first place . 
  however , * what * made it popular in the asian countries would have never been given a free pass in the west anyway . 
  the series was more or less doomed from the very start . 
  anal sex - robonyan episode, 
  masturbation - multiple episodes , like the one where keita and his friends watch `` adult videos '' at night, 
  defecation/urination - central point of many episodes , like the one about a yokai that makes people really want to pee . 
  also , there is a yokai that looks like it has an ass for a head ( cheeksqueak in the dub ) which to my memory caused people to fart in the most inconvenient situations . 
  this is unfortunately also what killed digimon in the english speaking countries ( and all countries that based their dub on the english dub ) . 
  the japanese soundtrack is honestly one of the greatest anime soundtracks of all time , but it got replaced by shitty rap songs in the dub , so it never got close to pokemon 's popularity in the us . 
  in countries that preserved the original songs ( southern america , sea , some european countries ) digimon was about as popular as pokemon . 
  my brother was in japan in may this year . 
  i asked him to bring me some yokai watch merch as a souvenir , but he barely managed to find anything notable in shops . 
  the people he asked around on streets had no idea what he was looking for even when he showed them a picture of jibanyan . 
  meanwhile he told me that the pokemon center near the tokyo main station was chock full of people . 
  the third game which debuted two months ago in japan sold less than half of what yokai watch 2 did in its opening week . 
  the shows ratings are on a downward spiral due to the girl and the rabbit , both of which are very disliked . 
  level 5 itself is now also switching focus to a new multimedia franchise called `` snack world '' , which they announced last year . 
  sorry , but a viral song/dance can only take you so far . 
  yokai definitely on its way out . 
  til starting facts is now being salty . 
  i do n't even give a fuck about yokai watch anymore , but i find it funny watching uninformed redditors still discussing it like it 's still the hottest shit on the market right now . 
  sources ? 
  game sales - media create . 
  tv ratings - some japanese website i was linked months ago . 
  not sure what else would you need a source for that ca n't be googled in 2 seconds . 
  believe it or not this is how the pokemon anime was supposed to end , according to the original creator . 
  he had a thing for sad/depressive endings . 
  this is me except i stopped caring after season 1 . 
  pokemon anime is widely known for being unoriginal and stale as hell so if anything this new formula , despite the terrible artstyle , * could * be an improvement . 
  even if it isnt , at least it will be something different than the usual `` arrive in x region , get a bunch of pokemon , defeat gyms , lose league '' shtick everyone but the most die hard fans got sick off more than a decade ago . 
  animation was honestly the worst part of the trailer to me . 
  it felt kind of surreal , which i feel does n't really fit pokemon . 
  from what i know unova was as classic of a pokemon anime season as it gets . 
  gyms , league etc. . . 
  episode 1 - some neat moments but not much really happened . 
  the kalos part interested me though , since trolley ride was never featured in the main series , and neither was zygarde perfect . 
  could it have been from the scrapped z game ? 
  guess we will never know . 
  episode 2 - okay , this was actually really good . 
  great pokemon/human interactions , lots of references to the main series , looker getting some well deserved spotlight ( love that guy ) . 
  a perfect short . 
  hope they manage to keep up that quality . 
  he was never fat , just badly drawn . 
  i remember they announced the 2ds completely out of blue . 
  also , i cant help but cringe whenever i see someone citing neogaf, 
  i wonder why games with gachapon mechanics like clash and pad are n't included under the gambling law yet . 
  i mean , the addiction-creating mechanism is pretty much the same and you `` bet '' with real life money just like in the casinos . 
  children should n't be allowed to play this stuff imo . 
  they already delayed it like 4 times before release and the game still came out basically unfinished . 
  the gameplay is tight but it 's lacking in content . 
  if you can find it for a low price , get it . 
  i see , thanks for an interesting reply . 
  i think monster hunter games have a really amazing 3d . 
  helps with the deph perception too . 
  thank god for the third parties :p, 
  this . 
  the games i 'm currently playing go to my carrying case , which has a few pockets for cartridges . 
  i loved monster hunter 4 ultimate , though i still consider the 3rd generation games to be the best mh experience overall . 
  according to tpci and gamefreak , another snap and stadium wo n't happen , because, 
  * the photo taking gimmick is no longer seen as attractive in an era where every kid and their mom has a smartphone with a camera, 
  * the mainline games already moved to the 3d graphics , hence the main draw of the stadium games ( pokemon battles in 3d ) became null, 
  a full scale action rpg for nx would be very interesting though .
