  just say you 'll celebrating the orthodox christmas this year . 
  do n't care much about resolution as i believe it doesnt matter that much on such a tiny screen , but i 'm happy it got a touch screen . 
  unfortunately it 's been that way since the franchise exploded in popularity in japan . 
  they 're gon na run it into the ground at the rate they keep pumping out new games, 
  already ? 
  not that i 'm complaining . 
  maybe those rumors about nintendo wanting to turn smash , pt and splatoon into esports are true after all !, 
  it will , it 's the last one in the update files . 
  awesome . 
  i fucking love generations . 
  anyone else found cheryl and chansey eating from empty plates legitimately unsettling ? 
  i enjoyed every episode except for the silver and the groudon one , which were just okay . 
  nobody believes him anyway . 
  same here . 
  i ca n't believe so many people selected 3 , that 's just outrageously low . 
  why even bother making it part portable at that point ? 
  they fixed it in platinum already . 
  every region could be improved if they reworked it in the sm engine when you put it that way . 
  i 'd rather have them work on new projects than being trapped in an endless remake time loop . 
  especially if they 're going to half ass them like they did oras lmao, 
  how about neither ? 
  kanto is a pretty bad region compared to pretty much everything that came after it , except maybe bw unova . 
   it 's pretty much red/blue but with better graphics, 
  what exactly do you think a remake is ? 
  considering how much people whine about the level scaling in hgss already i think the idea might not turn out as popular as some people believe , unless they increase the level cap . 
  haha , that 's awesome !, 
  too bad the set itself is pretty much pure junk . 
  i would be super hype for flygon and incineroar , like , for real lol, 
  that said croagunk definitely threw me off !, 
  i feel they did this just to shut people who said support characters ca n't become playable . 
  they did just that on the [ niconico stream ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rekxvkti30g ) ( scroll to 8:15 ) . 
  four ` gunks at the same time !, 
  swap splatoon for donkey kong and this is me . 
  i really hope the switch delivers . 
  the last 3 episodes were much more fun . 
  refreshing 3ds iso ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  no such factor i can think of at the moment . 
  i always wait for a price drop and a few ( ~ 5 ) games i 'd like to play before purchasing a new system . 
  200 and less - impossible dream, 
  250 - a major hit sales-wise , but the specs are guaranteed to be awful, 
  300 - the ideal price point imo, 
  350 - the console better be powerful with tons of 3rd party supports or it 'll be a wii u 2.0, 
  400 and more - dead on arrval, 
  they saved us from another 3 months of tomorrow shitposting, 
  well , diamond and pearl ( the latter one in particular ) were the pokemon games i sinked by far the most hours into since they were the first to have online and i could finally battle competitively without being forced to use sims . 
  i ca n't say i feel any desire for a remake since it 's still a rather fresh memory in my mind ( gen 4 era only officially ended in 2011 after all ) , but in 2-3 years ... who knows . 
  either way , if it has a mega / whatevergimmickform heatran i 'll buy it day 1 lol . 
  uh , that 's wii classic controller pro . 
  has anyone tested whether the [ wii classic controller ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9d/wii-classic-controller-white.jpg ) works ? 
  thanks !, 
  the question about games you 'd like to see on the switch made it worth it in the end . 
  but my god the repetitive social media questions were annoying . 
  so that 's why pelipper has the ability drizzle now ... 
  honestly i 'm happy because it sounds like stars would be the `` third version '' of sun/moon , which means the return of all of my favorite features like post-game battle facility and move tutors . 
  tropical freeze was the game i initially wanted to buy a wii u for ( loved returns to bits ) , so count me in . 
  i hope they make the previous retro studios games available on the eshop as well . 
  feeling genuinely hyped for the first time in a long while . 
  i 'm just praying they wo n't ruin the console with paid online . 
  z-moves as well . 
  really ruins the whole effect, 
  same happens with a weakened corsola sometimes accidentally calling a meranie for `` help '' . 
  ouch . 
  they bought gen 5 experince scaling back so exp share is a little more balanced now . 
  knowing how bad the fps drops can get i respectfully disagree about the game being `` polished '' . 
  i also deeply miss the postgame content that 's not limited to the usual battle tower rip off and some legendaries to catch . 
  hopefully the rumored `` pokemon stars '' version for nintendo switch will fix both of those issues because i 'm loving this game otherwise . 
  teaching tms now raises happiness ? 
  really cool if true . 
  this is n't why oras and now sm got delayed ... 
  i do n't know why people keep parroting this myth . 
  that 's par for course for this series . 
  anyone remember the npc in rse asking where do you come from ? 
  to be honest , i still miss the item pc . 
  i hate being forced to scroll through millions of items i 'll never use just to find a goddamn repel . 
  / r/pokemon is the only gaming related sub i 've seen that 's happy to get their asses kicked in a battle, 
   for absolutely no apparent reason apart from the someone-in-eu-leaked-xy-earlier-so-let 's - screw-all-of-eu . 
  this is n't why the games are being delayed ... europeans were n't even the first to leak xy lmao . 
  afaik nintendo 's old european hq in gro\u00dfostheim got closed down sometime before oras release and moved to frankfurt . 
  unfortunately with it went the old distribution centre , so now they have to order european versions of games directly from japan , which means delays in case of worldwide releases such as pokemon . 
  this is piss easy to avoid , you just need to disable suggestions in your yt account settings . 
  the most bizzare story regarding localizations is pokemon super mystery dungeon , which came out in usa a good couple of months before europe , but included all of the european-exclusive languages like german and italian already on na cartridge . 
  best part ? 
  you could n't access them without hacking . 
  now every time i hear someone bitch about europe getting games later because of multiple languages , i point them to this story . 
  it 's not a matter of localisation teams being slow , nintendo of europe just cynically fucks us over . 
  they 're not punishing anyone . 
  it 's a myth perpetuated by people who do n't understand the situation . 
  noe started having issues with distribution after they moved their hq from gro\u00dfestheim to frankfurt back in 2014 . 
  from what i know multiple european rating agencies ( pegi , usk etc ) also slow things down . 
  i can kind of understand where they 're coming from . 
  sometimes acknowledging the issue only makes things worse ( and is especially bad from the pr standpoint ) . 
  but i believe that if they continue making worldwide releases , they 're going to succumb to the fan pressure sooner or later and try to streamline the distribution process as much as humanly possible . 
  it 's already gotten a little better since oras , with the wait being cut from 7 days to 5 , but it 's clearly not enough since most people can finish the whole game in that period . 
  personally speaking , the most i could accept is 2 days of delay . 
  from what i read france got some kind of a deal with nintendo . 
  i do n't know anything beyond that though . 
  the shops in my country only received the shipments today . 
  pretty sure it 's the same everywhere else in europe except for france . 
  you generally test your team on showdown first so you do n't have to breed/train multiples of the same pokemon in trillions of different configurations . 
  uh , they froze the accession talks [ literally today ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/european-parliament-approves-motion-to-temporarily-freze-acccession-talks-with-turkey.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=106514&amp;newscatid=351 ),
