  worth noting is that most of those things happened/were revealed in the summer-autumn 2015 timeframe , suggesting that pokemon `` z '' was originally planned for autumn 2015 release ( new pokemon games generally debut in autumn ) . 
  it 's pretty easy to connect the dots from here . 
  edit : added some things, 
  of course neither nintendo nor gamefreak nor tpci will * ever * admit there was any work in progress pokemon game that had to be abruptly cancelled because reasons ( just imagine the shitstorm ) , but the fanbase is thankfully investigative enough to be able to guess some things by itself ( `` word of god '' be damned ) . 
  as far as pokemon stars goes , i believe the rumor is mostly based on eurogamer report , which is considered credible since their previous switch leaks were ( almost ? ), 
  all correct . 
  personally i think the stars game , if it 's actually being worked on , will debut on 3ds later this year as the handheld 's swan song . 
  the job listing that 's being talked about in this thread is for the new generation 8 pokemon game for nintendo switch . 
  but that 's just my guess based on my gut feeling . 
  switch has other games ? 
  it 's still nothing compared to when a topic about circumcision comes up, 
  small nitpick , but fyi russians do not use facebook, 
  because it 's made on the same engine , by the same studio and apperentely also on the same assets that gave us yoshi 's new island and we all know how that game turned out . 
  happy to see pokken in top 100 !, 
  we really need another , more polished entry . 
  one of the best charts of this type i ever seen and i 've been attending pokemon related boards since mid 00s . 
  bookmarked for future use !, 
  given the recent new 2ds xl announcement i 'd say it 's pretty likely . 
  they 'll probably finish off generation 7 with a third version/sequel this year , then kickstart a new gen on the switch in 1-2 years . 
  not true . 
  games have been released within as little as 4 months of the announcement ( bw2 ) . 
  there was even a game that got released in the same year as the previous title ( fr/lg -  emerald ) . 
  gen 4 remakes probably wo n't come until after the first pair of gen 8 games, 
  i think it 's waaay too early for gen 4 remakes yet , we had oras just a little over 2 years ago . 
  looking back , they seem to be consistent in keeping the 5 year gap between every remake ( frlg - 2004 , hgss 2009 , oras 2014 ) , so i 'd say the earliest we could probably see a gen 4 remake would be in 2019 . 
  the only thing swampert does n't have going for it is the anime presence and - let 's be honest - not many people playing the pokemon games care what happens in the pokemon anime anymore . 
  i used it in my xy nuzlocke run after my amoonguss died to a crit . 
  no joke , worst grass type i 've ever used to date , and i used to run stuff like tropius and tangela ( gen 1 ) before . 
  jobbed even against the water e4 leader which i specifically trained it for . 
  ironically , despite being a fighting type it was a rather crappy choice for that particular gym since it does n't learn any fighting moves other than counter until lv . 
  15 , which is way past the gym 's level . 
  it was the most picked sinnoh starter in the pokemon 's official twitter poll as well . 
  i think there might be an announcement coming soon , but seeing as they are releasing a new 3ds model for seemingly no reason and the fact that they said they will continue supporting the 3ds until 2018 , i firmly believe `` pokemon stars '' will release on the ( new ) 3ds . 
  then in 2018/2019 they will kick off a new generation on the switch, 
  hence the new 2/3ds exclusive . 
  i agree it would be a dick move though , but then again the kind of audience that buys pokemon third versions will move to any system that has pokemon on it ( kind of like hardcore monster hunter fans ) . 
  so just like botw ? 
  the first trailer was shown at e3 though, 
  that yellow dude is going to ruin the game for many people . 
  the perma-scowl is terribly unwitting for a game with this much action going on . 
  yes . 
  it also said stars is a sun and moon port but there are people itt still insisting they 're dp remakes lol, 
  do n't forget the lycanroc and mimikyu alternate form placeholders on pgl, 
  the eurogamer leak ( which started the stars rumor ) explictly says stars is a sun/moon port ( so possibly third version ) for nintendo switch, 
  probably not , but i honestly hope oras was the last remake . 
  how so ? 
  i wont have to pay for online to wonder trade some shitmons every once in a while '' ? 
  how horrible lmao, 
  i hope not , that announcement was super lame, 
  so was sms for that matter, 
   these are the first `` proper '' sequels in the series, 
  * gold/silver weeping in the distance *, 
   in bw2 iirc you are just continuing the events of bw as the same character, 
  you recall wrongly then . 
  [ black 2 and white 2 ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/02/db/0b/02db0b3913e041047d33271de32be05a.jpg ) have a completely different set of player characters ( [ original bw ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/08/b7/79/08b77982b133675e82479d78eaf36413.jpg ) for comparision ) . 
  bw2 references some bw1 events sure but then again , so does gs ( c ) . 
  worth noting is gs was originally supposed to be called `` pokemon 2 '' , further solidifying its sequel status . 
  good for current switch owners i guess . 
  i 'd prefer if they dropped it off entirely though . 
  i find it interesting that the nintendo spotlight event focuses only on the switch games . 
  gives those `` pokemon stars on switch '' rumours some credibility . 
  what do you mean by `` full fledged online service '' ? 
  it will be largely the same shit as it is now except locked under a paywall . 
  oh and you will receive a timed demo of 25 year old games . 
  just great . 
  is this what the crystal ball has told you ? 
  it 's probably it 's z-stone . 
  remember the alola starter 's `` big secret '' ? 
  yeah ... 
  but duel is fun . 
  spent around that amount too since i wanted some of the badges of my favorite pokemon . 
  good times . 
  same , but i 'm going to watch the arms direct anyways, 
  i like them , but i really want a game with a good post game next time . 
  those fetch missions where you run from one npc from another are terrible , and the battle tower and it 's clones are just completely overdone at this point , even if they decided to spice it up with a few iconic npcs this time . 
  the `` dex bloat '' is why i think they decided against including a national pokedex this time . 
  now you only need to collect 300 creatures ( so just a little more than in gsc ) to receive a stamp in your trainer pass for completing the dex . 
  making the mythicals optional was also a step in the right direction in my opinion . 
  i 'm sorry but this is not a rumor , it 's based on the retailer listing a new arcade stick for switch that apperently also supports pokken . 
  whether it was a genuine mistake or an early leak remains to be seen . 
  i fell in love with the game after i played it at my friends place but i ended up never getting the console . 
  this could end up being a system seller for me if it looks good enough . 
  i was just hijacking the top comment in hopes a mod would see it and remove the misleading `` rumor '' tag . 
  really happy about this if true , but i sincerely hope it 's a sequel and not a port . 
  and if it 's a port then that it has new characters in addition to the 4 arcade ones we never got . 
  swampert or lopunny please !, 
  pokken is n't a nintendo game though ... it would make sense for tpci to release the game now to tide the fanbase over until a new mainline entry comes out next year . 
  same here , though i played the game on my friends wii u before, 
  what if it 's a sequel ? 
  why are conservative politicians so against nature ? 
  people saying you 're safe as a muslim in poland are lying horribly . 
  even in the seemingly `` progressive '' cities like warsaw where i live people twitch their feet as soon as they see a person in a hijab on a tram . 
  football-hooligan-neonazis are as much of a nuisance as ever , making it dangerous for a dark skinned person ( let alone a muslim ) to go outside late in the night . 
  we had cases where fellow europeans , including slavs ( ! ), 
  from the south got beaten up after being mistaken for an arab . 
  the current government is also very forgiving towards xenophobic abuse and that encourages the rise of popularity of radical organisations . 
  as much as it pains me to say it - do yourself a favor , do n't come here . 
  as a person who travels a lot , let me tell you there isnt much in poland you can not find elsewhere , so you 're not missing out . 
  do they live in poland ? 
  haha , same .
