  when they were creating 3d models of all pokemon during xy development they made them all super high poly , supposedly so they can reuse them in future generations ( yay sm ... ) . 
  volcanion for example is made of about 12.000 polygons , with detachable rings , jewels and more . 
  if you do n't know how much is it , lets just say that 12k polys is comparable to the likes of witcher 2 and crysis , both of which ran on a much superior hardware . 
  the 3ds rng was never cracked , partially because it would be super difficult , and partially because there was no incentive with breeding being as easy as it is and legendaries coming with the minimum of 3 perfect ivs . 
  i used arceus in one of those pgl torunaments where every pokemon was allowed and i tell you , you could n't be more wrong . 
  this thing is way too bulky and versatile to not end up as one of the most used legends in the format . 
  a quick rundown :, 
  * primal groudon - one of the most powerful pokemon in the game, 
  * xerneas - geomancy + power herb bullshittery, 
  * smeargle - the only pokemon that learns dark void outside of darkrai , which is banned in this tournament due to being an event only pokemon . 
  dark void has 80 % acc and puts 2 opponents to sleep in double battles . 
  * talonflame - priority brave bird , which is roughly as strong as normal arceus ' extremepeed . 
  also decent support movepool in tailwind , taunt , quick guard and more . 
  * mega kangaskhan - arguably the best mega in the game, 
  * mega salamence - arguably the second best mega in the game . 
  some will say it 's the best , but i personally think mega kangs versality puts him above megamence . 
  if you 're wondering why the team has two mega stone users - vgc battles are done in the bring 6 , pick 4 format , so if you see that one of your megas isnt working against that particular team , you can bring the other one . 
  i dropped out last year after i saw that every team would require 3 or more legendary pokemon . 
  ai n't got time to reset for perfect hidden power ice thundurus lol, 
  rayquaza also takes your legendary slot , while salamence does n't . 
  i 'm actually really excited for pokken part of the competition this year . 
  unlike the core series , pretty much every pokemon in the roster is viable . 
  this is true too . 
  small regionals like this often have only a couple dozens people competing , so the level of competition isnt very high . 
  thank you based primals of balance !, 
  my bad . 
  carry on then . 
  i thought it looked like a mix between breloom , medicham , flygon and zangoose myself . 
  it 's fire blast pal :d, 
  the game got localised in germany as pokemon tekken for that reason . 
  also , the correct spelling is pocken i believe . 
  heh , the form i used myself was arceus-ghost ( the gen 4 event one with shadow force ) and it carried my team so many times i lost count . 
  the great thing about that particular form is mega kangaskhan ca n't do dick to it since extremespeed is in +2 priority bracket and nullifies sucker punch . 
  talonflame without sash is pretty much sol too . 
  vgc10 also restricted you to only 2 `` special '' pokemon . 
  there was n't a truly free for all competitive format since ... jaa 2007 i believe ? 
  or something like this . 
  my favorite of the legendary bird trio . 
  simple yet elegant design , cool cry . 
  it 's a bit lacking in the battling department , mostly due to gamefreak going with the tried and failed `` defensive ice type '' model , but i still had some success with a simple toxic stall set in my early competitive days . 
  vc rby blessing him with bubble beam might make him just a tiiiiny bit more viable , so yay . 
  yes , bubble beam is a little bit stronger ( 65 bp ) . 
  charizard has it 's votes split between two mega evolutions though ... 
  now will someone please save the poor thing ? 
  gengar is for those who love gen 1 but think charizard is too mainstream ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  which one ? 
  right here brother ( or sister ? ), 
  growlithe is caught in virbank complex actually , which is next to roxie 's gym  in white 2 you can also find a magby here , which i heard is also pretty good . 
  in all gen v games you can also catch a darumaka which absolutely destroys everything on it 's path from the moment of capture all the way to e4 . 
  it 's the 20th anniversary after all :p, 
   but why did they limit themselves to 2gb ? 
  you partially answered yourself here, 
   the 3ds came with a 2gb sd card to start, 
  they wanted to maximise their reach by allowing people with the smallest possible sd cart size ( which came bundled with the first 3ds units ) to download their game from the eshop without needing to upgrade . 
  they did the same thing for oras too ( it 's under 2gb in size ) . 
  i 'm actually half expecting sm to be 4gb in size since this is the default micro sd cart size of the new 3ds , 
  got ta love how a lot of this space is wasted on mostly useless things like mail and seals , or just flat out unused . 
  at least gamefreal had enough sense to remove the former from gen 6 games . 
  can you imagine saving the game for as long as in gen 5 because of one feature barely anyone used ? 
  unfortunately it seems they 'll just show us the same month old trailer . 
  i 'm still going to watch it though . 
  the pessimist in me says he 's throwing that out now in case it turns out there are only like 50 new pokemon , just so we do n't end up setting our expectations too high . 
  he was completely serious when he was saying that too . 
  i do n't get where the joke part came from . 
  that chart is outdated . 
  with oras there are about 45 mega evolutions now ( forgot the exact number ) . 
  that sort of implies corocoro does n't disappoint when it does all the freaking time , even if they announce something `` big '' is coming . 
  i always thought she was a standalone pokemon like tauros or kangaskhan . 
  would n't be so sure . 
  he posted fake trainer art before ( although it was pulled out pretty quickly ) . 
  i think i recognize the reference lol, 
  i find it more impressive that someone had he balls to retweet him the colgate picture as a response, 
  this . 
  it was probably him going all `` i 'm too fabulous to voice some yellow rat in a kids game '' than genuinely not knowing what pokemon is lol, 
  i feel it 's a necessary evil with the ever increasing number of new pokemon . 
  completing the full dex without it would become super tedious eventually . 
  plus it allows competitive players like me to ev train faster , which is always welcome . 
  honestly the only problem with current exp share is not its function , but implementation . 
  i could accept if you got it right before e4 , since it 's usually one of the few times you might need to grind up your party . 
  but giving it away right after the first gym is a bit of an overkill imo . 
  you do n't really `` bond '' with your pokemon anymore since exp share does all the training job for you . 
  we already have stuff like lucky egg and audino that allows us to bring new party members up to par in a reasonable amount of time . 
  an item that effectively allows you to triple the amount of exp per ko is way too much for a game that was already the posterboy of easy to begin with . 
  how about neither ? 
  kanto is horribly overdone at this point and sinnoh was only one system generation ago . 
  give the remakes a rest for the time being . 
  gamefreak had the right idea to use him as a mascot for pokemon crytal version as he 's easily the best of the legendary beast trio . 
  his addition to pokken was odd , but surpsingly refreshing , being the only quadrupedal character in the roster . 
  one of my favorite johto pokemon for sure . 
  8 year actually if you take japanese release date into consideration . 
  my points still stands . 
  i thought it was a reference to the hoopa film ? 
  already had one from game ... but now i can have 4 !, 
  nihil novi , unfortunately . 
  i actually do n't mind the blue-red-green line at the bottom that much , but that amiibo card stuff was just unnecessery . 
  also , your version is way better , so congrats on that . 
  because ishihara came to namco 's office one day and said he wants a game called `` pokken '' . 
  that 's it , really . 
  google the interview with harada for reference . 
  that 's really cool if true .
