  yeah sorry , but it 's evident have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  did you know that an extremely similar game called ingress was released over 4 years ago by the same company that developed go ? 
  and yet it never gained as much popularity as go has right now , so it 's safe to say that yes , go is absolutely being carried by the pokemon brand . 
  the actual mechanics are arguably the worst part of the app - the game currently sits on 65 metacritic average for a reason . 
  just because you 're personally biased against the franchise does n't mean everyone else is . 
  little kids usually do n't have their own smartphones . 
  if it 's one of the rumored three - please be empoleon . 
  if anything goes - please be swampert or lopunny . 
  or flygon . 
  going through pokemon y for the fourth and last time before sun/moon drops in november . 
  the game is actually decently difficult if you keep the overpowered exp share off . 
  unfortunately some of my team members are underperforming but it 's too late to make any changes now that i 'm about to hit the league . 
  wish me luck !, 
  oh and i 'm playing pokemon go obviously , although i did n't have much chance to use the app for the last two days since it 's been raining heavily . 
  pretty hyped to see what my first egg hatches into . 
  there is a sharp increase in tourists actually but it 's related to the visit of pope francis rather than pokemon go . 
  was n't the orlando attack commited by a muslim ? 
  i wish i could share the sub-wide enthusiasm but i 'm afraid this will only push nintendo in the direction majority of their hardcore fans might not neccesairly be happy with . 
  why did they stop making wario platformers anyway ? 
  everyone i knew loved games like warioland 3 and warioland 4 when we were kids . 
  well , it was fun while it lasted . 
  non-english native person here . 
  can someone explain me why is this in any way significant ? 
  smash brothers , i 'm not a huge fan of crossovers in general and the gameplay just puts me off . 
  i can see three major reasons, 
  * lack of innovation in the ips - they had some succesful experiments over the years but most of them eventually got ditched in favor of more mario and zelda . 
  they like to play it safe and it 's hurting them in a long run . 
  * no offer for adult/mature gamers - you could use the old excuse that games like mario are meant for `` all ages '' but it really does nothing to attract the older playerbase who could n't care less about saving the mushroom kingdom for the xth time, 
  * virtually no presence in niche markets - this is one of the reasons sony gets comparatively higher sales than the rest of the competition , which is really silly when you think about it , since nintendo consoles being both the cheapest on the market and the most `` family oriented '' would make them an alluring alternative in places like eastern europe , provided they advertised it correctly, 
  the cartoon had a pretty warm reception across europe . 
  i remember reading about the 3ds ( and that itd feature glassless 3d ) about a month before it was officially revealed . 
  pokemon gets a shitton of legit leaks every generation . 
  but it 's not that surprising given the series worldwide popularity . 
  fairy type got leaked on pokebeach by a well known leaker hiro ( who leaked the entire gen 5 dex a generation prior ) . 
  he also revealed that mewtwo gets not 1 , but two new forms , that the kanto starters will be given to the player early in the game and that the first two gyms will be bug and rock . 
  exactly , the fairy speculation did n't come of nowhere . 
  the leak also named the type advantages and disadvantages , but for some reason got one of them wrong ( i believe it was fire being super effective on fairy ) . 
  which might suggest that something got changed during the development . 
  edit : found the leak if anyone 's interested . 
  it actually got a few more things wrong than i remembered . 
  also , note the date ( may 11th ), 
  i sincerly doubt it 's anything personal , not in majority of the cases at very least . 
  they simply know their userbase ( young males who hate anything that can be percived as `` kiddy '' ) and pander to it accordingly . 
  you got to remember that , at the end of the day , journalism is a job like any other . 
  they 're not going to risk losing their `` customers '' by attempting to go against the flow . 
  turns out games sell if you actually market them !, 
  who 'd have thought . 
  i enjoyed tri force heroes more than most single player zelda games i tried . 
  then again i was never much of a fan of that franchise . 
  the gamecube pokemon games were not good by any means . 
  not surprised . 
  dual versions always net you some extra sales thanks to hardcore fans who buy both . 
  pokemon is a tried and tested example of that model . 
  loving, 
  every, 
  laugh, 
  i just hope they nail the battle system . 
  do you not know what a spin-off is ? 
  you 're better off posting this on / r/pokemon, 
  i did n't really bother to read the whole thing but this paragraph stroke me as funny, 
   right after playing x and y for the first time , i replayed black and white , and then black and white 2 . 
  this time , i went through the region slowly , talking to every npc , really immersing myself in the interesting story and deep characters of the unova region , ( well , they 're deep for pokemon standards ) and had a blast with the lengthy post game content, 
  i hope by `` post game content '' you mean bw2 only because bw had nothing of sort . 
  also , using words such as `` deep '' and `` interesting '' to describe the pokemon characters/story makes me question your experience with jrpgs and video games in general . 
  i like all of the `` find the culprit '' ones . 
  it 's a fun mental exercise . 
  my least favorite was the last iron ball board game puzzle from pandora 's box , but only because i found it too hard and the `` hints '' did n't contain any helpful tips and were basically just making fun of me for not being able to solve it by myself :(, 
  that 's strange . 
  why would they do that ? 
  only special editions if i know they come in limited supply and the demand is high . 
  but i rarely buy special editions anyway . 
  as someone who owned multiple nintendo systems since childhood , i 'd actually prefer if they stopped making their own consoles and focused on game development for other systems instead . 
  i 'm fairly sure that even the most die hard nintendo fans will admit that nintendo consoles are apple level of overpriced for the kind of hardware they offer . 
  the control gimmicks they keep coming up always end up being dropped after the initial wave of ethusiasm dies down . 
  i 'm not denying that the console buisness is ( probably ) quite profitable for nintendo , but speaking as a consumer i believe it would be better for us if we saw a little consolidation on the console market . 
  yeah , i do n't get the hate / contempt for that thing . 
  it 's probably the most creative and the best looking out of the alola forms i saw . 
  unlike alolan vulpix/ninetales , i die a little inside whenever i people fawning over that thing . 
  it 's just a vulpix/ninetales with a coat of paint people !, 
  are those really the kind of designs we want to see from gamefreak ? 
  not the original creations but almost literal recolors of already existing designs ? 
  come on ... 
   pokemon black/whites decision to have only new pokemon before the e4 was a great choice . 
  not an unpopular opinion , although i personally do n't agree with it . 
  alola forms seem to be for kanto region pokemon only unfortunately ... and gamefreak does n't seem to be introducing new mega evos in sm . 
  he 's just baiting for karma lol, 
  mega flygon could have easily been ground/bug , especially since we do n't have that many bug megas ( the only one introduced in oras was mega beedrill ) . 
  people tend to forget that dragon is actually flygon 's secondary type , and secondary types are the most likely to be replaced during mega evolution ( eg . 
  gyarados water/flying =  water/dark , charizard fire/flying =  fire/dragon ) . 
  how can you possibly know that without playing the game ... ? 
  fanboy is not simply a person who happens to like something ... we use the term `` fan '' for that . 
  fanboys are an obnoxious subset of fans who are immune to any kind of criticism , no matter how constructive , and are even willing to lie to make their object of cult ( game , franchise , console , company ) appear good on the internet ( which is just pathetic but happens nonetheless ) . 
  pokken was namco 's game actually, 
  i think the problem is the online interaction in the mainline games is very poor compared to an actual mmo . 
  for starters there is no chat , neither in-game nor during battles ( apart from the awful mic ) , which leads to stupid situations like people using pokemon nicknames or shout-outs to communicate . 
  trading , while a whole lot better than it used to be , still feels painfully limited in many ways . 
  you also can not interact with other players in the game world in real time , which is what many people have in mind when they think of a mmo . 
  a lobby system like the one from monster hunter or fantasy life would work very well here i believe . 
  kind of lost interest after the japanese players reported he plays like a low tier character . 
  oh well , hope they hurry up and announce empoleon/scizor soon .
