it 's good , but make sure to turn off the exp share as soon as you get it ( which is after the first gym ) . 
  i know many people who ruined their first playthroughs of xy due to not knowing how exp share works and grossly overleveling their entire teams . 
  also make sure to use the online features like trading or battling to the fullest ( this is where the main strenght of those games lies imo ) . 
  nope , unless you start messing around with homebrew . 
  if it sits down it does n't look any different from normal salamence , which imo makes things worse . 
   completely different, 
  they 're cosmetic changes at best . 
  at least when it 's flying mega salamence is instantly distinguishable from it 's normal form . 
  cosmetic changes means it looks barely any different , not `` completely different '' like you claimed, 
  the only one contradicting yourself is you, 
   russia has other sources of income, 
  like what exactly ? 
  oil industry and all of the branches directly supported by it ( including money laundering ) currently make up anywhere between 70 to 80 % economy of russia . 
  there is a reason their economy contracted 4 % last month . 
  he 's a background pokemon unfortunately :( but i 'd love if he got in, 
  the japanese love their derpmons , 
  yes , it was confirmed a while ago . 
  suicune made me become interested in this game in the first place . 
  i 'm with you brother , but you have to consider that 35 characters would be a nightmare to balance in a new , untested fighting game like pokken . 
  other fighting games like street fighter have as many characters as they do now because they are long running franchises with tons of legacy . 
  by themselves the new entires add maybe 8-10 brand new characters , the rest are just copied from the previous entries with small moveset updates . 
  maybe if pokken sells well enough , we 'll get to see pokken 2 for nx with 30-35 characters , 
  glad to see so many people supporting donphan !, 
  both mewtwos can evolve into mega mewtwo x during the match, 
  i 'd love to see this just for the salt, 
  nothing 's set in stone yet , but i think they 're going for 5 pokemon per each category . 
  there are four battle categories ( standard , power , speed , technique ) , which would mean pokken roster is going to cap at 20 characters . 
  there is also a small possibility of dlc characters . 
  she 's popular in japan now because of the anime, 
  they probably wanted to avoid making it look too similar to smash bros wii u cover , so they do n't `` blend in '' on the shelves so to speak . 
  this times x1000, 
  glad to see it on the third place !, 
  as long as you do n't use haxorus with earthquake, 
  ash-greninja does have sideburns growing from his cheeks though . 
  i hope it does well . 
  wow they 're really going all out . 
  would love one !, 
  i 'm forever salty that i missed the hgss mew event years ago . 
  and they wonder why people hack, 
  try nagging the polish nintendo representative on facebook ( i believe they go under the name dystrybutor nintendo polska ) . 
  we did get the magmar/electrabuzz , shiny gengar and diancie codes before . 
  you must have been living under a rock pal . 
  we knew about the dlc for far cry 4 before the game was even anounnced !, 
  i appreciate the detailed analysis !, 
  would be very happy if it was this . 
  but 5 minute is really not a lot of time . 
  i unironically want this !, 
   now, 
  i 'm one of the few itt thats disappointed it isnt z or an equivalent third version . 
  third versions are pretty much always the best games of their generation , packed with content that goes beyond the usual new monsters , gym leaders and an evil team . 
  i loved all the little stuff they added in emerald , platinum and bw2 . 
  since this game will be the start of a new gen , the post game is guaranteed to be barebones again . 
  i 'm not looking forward to the backlash after the initial hype dies down , i can tell you . 
  why no fucking pokemon z , whyyyyyyyyy, 
  fuck yes i 'm still mad, 
  because gamefreak laziness made them create obscenely high poly models ( some going for over 13k polys ) which neither the 3ds nor the n3ds can handle, 
  with the new bird wireframe model being horribly detailed as well , sun and moon are pretty much guaranteed to lag as shit right of the box, 
  you except too much from modern gamefreak, 
  his forms are ehhh , but i enjoy the snake zygarde a lot . 
  if anything making kalos the postgame region in sm has more of a chance of happening , although it 's still very , very unlikely . 
  that said xy did seem like a kanto reboot of sorts , so maybe gen 7th will a johto reboot ? 
  i can see it going either way . 
  then they would ( should ? ), 
  have said that right away like they did with ~ ~ mega ~ ~ ash greninja . 
  no sense in promising something you will never deliver . 
  the cynic in me says gamefreak does n't take pokemon seriously enough to do something like this . 
  besides , 50 mega evolutions is a lot , no doubt a lot of them would be the `` quantity over quality '' types . 
  i believe mega evolution will be put on the backseat in sm anyways . 
  all i 'm saying they might come up with a new gimmick mechanic that will become the focus of the new generation ( which is what i believe the crystals in japanese logo are alluding to ) . 
  mega evolutions might have been new and exciting in 2013 , but by sm release they 'll be old news . 
  so why the fuck did n't they say that from the start ??? 
  ash greninja was confirmed anime exclusive almost right away aaaarrrrghhhh, 
  me too, 
  fuck gamefreak for teasing us for so long, 
  well , [ see for yourself ] ( http://www.smogon.com/forums/threads/3d-modeling-for-cap.3509493/#post-5564262 ) ( expand the quote ), 
  also , my b , the most complex model is `` only '' around 12k polys , still ridiculous though, 
  since the tweet confirms the direct will only cover games released through summer , my best best are, 
  * pokken ( new character would be amazing , but unlikely given what i 've seen on yt so far ), 
  * new f2p eshop pokemon game, 
  * gsc announced for eshop release ? 
  not too bad in all honesty !, 
  get well soon zyzy ; _ ;, 
  do n't forget snorlax sleeping on a bridge , evil team wanting to take 2 fossils for itself , a free lapras , and the forced pidgey encounter on route 2, 
  i was personally completely put off by the reveal trailer so i do n't care about go 's fate either way . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  there is a rather vocal minority who hates gen 6 with passion . 
  pokemon gold/silver was originally going to be called pokemon 2 . 
  the more you know , 
  considering xy are the highest rated pokemon games of all time according to metacritic and the game sold about as well as bw despite 3ds 's relatively modest install base ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i do n't think we 're in any `` danger '' of that . 
  gamefreak only really cares about the opinions of the japanese fandom . 
  edit : that said i did see a bit of crying zygarde artwork in japanese so take that as you will, 
  in that case i 'm baffled the same people are so happy gamefreak is ( apperentely ) skipping z. 
  let 's be real here for a moment , sm is likely not going to have an extrensive postgame content on par with let 's say bw2 or even emerald . 
  if they 're abandoning the third version model it 's quite likely all we 'll have to do in post game is the same old maison/breeding/dex completing trio that apperentely was n't enough to make xy good . 
   looks pretty convincingly like a specific species of bird native to hawaii, 
  which one ? 
   i may be a minority when i say his serpent form is actually my favorite form, 
  pretty sure that 's actually a majority 's opinion here .
