  tpci is in charge of the pokemon franchise as a * whole * , including the card game and the anime . 
  i like their ips , but i never liked and still do n't like them as a company . 
  the nintendo whorship on subs like this is honestly completely alien to me or anyone i know irl who likes nintendo 's games . 
  meanwhile in europe most shops still did n't clear their first stock . 
  nah , it 's 99 % splatoon 2 hype . 
  nintendo is doing to make a bank on online subscribtions from those people alone . 
  this . 
  thankfully i always enjoyed mhs single player more than its multiplayer so not a a big loss for me, 
  thankfully i 'm not on that list , but i still swapped out my password just to be safe . 
  judging from my puzzle and dragons experience , it might be wise to reroll the first free booster pack until you get an ex class figure . 
  i know i will :p, 
  it 's out in poland now , so i ca n't imagine it not being in the western european countries as well, 
  however i 've been told the app runs only on the newest phones/tablets , so that might be the reason the app does n't show up for some people, 
  it has to not be selling that well then , which is worrying because france is nintendo 's biggest market in europe , after germany . 
  it 's still mostly applying a band-aid to a sewered arm . 
  the only thing that could save pokemon from the hacking problem is making the games always online , which i 'm sure not many would want . 
  gamefreaks only fault here is still making the games in a way that makes pokemon created with cheating programs undetectable . 
  i 'm 100 % sure that if hacking was impossible people like you would start backpedaling very quickly . 
  not if the series moved to mobile , which is the segment pokemon is officially competing with ( as admitted by the series director , junichi masuda ) . 
  most mobile games with any sort of collecting require you to be always online precisely to prevent data manipulation . 
  but alas , thats just some theoretizing on my part . 
  the next generation will likely be on the switch . 
  the save could just be stored online , or the app could synchronize with the server every time you launch the game ( like game sync does right now , but to a greater extent ) so that the server can check if there was any data manipulation involved . 
  bank mons are n't really relevant ever since they introduced the generation symbol mechanic ( pentagon in gen 6 and clover in gen 7 ) , so they can not be used in any official competitions or even the regular random matchmaking . 
  worst case scenario some people will have access to 6 iv dittos for easier breeding , which i do n't think it that much of a deal . 
  this is very exciting . 
  i can handle breeding perfect eggs `` the regular way '' but legendaries , especially hp legendaries , were always an issue . 
  i 'll be monitoring this sub for sure . 
  mine does too , which was interesting since 1 ) she generally dislikes video games 2 ) nintendo consoles have next to no presence in my country . 
  she actually asked me about the switch before the switch conference happened lol . 
  guess nintendo must be doing something right . 
  depends on the country i guess . 
  here most consoles are ( used to be ? ), 
  called playstation regardless of the brand . 
  on the other hand , all handheld gaming systems are still commonly refered to as `` gameboys '' lol, 
  while i 'm not happy they switched ( pun not intended ) to paid online at all this is a huge relief for someone like me with a fairly limited budget . 
  while i realize the us/eu price will probably be higher i hope they do n't go over the $ 20 mark . 
  they would n't upgrade even if they were charging $ 60 for it regardless . 
  i fully expect switch online to be the same as it always was - functional , but still way behind the competition . 
  the more you know . 
  i have a treasure hunt 2 \u2b50 , would love your general store since i 'm playing the sun version . 
  thanks a lot . 
  will it be livestreamed ? 
  oh , that 's good . 
  this is very much worth getting hyped over then !, 
  while i 'm as upset as everyone that nothing has been said about the additional characters for the wii u version , i think this particular annoucement is more important for the franchises future . 
  it shows that tpc is still going to support pokken , which means that the series is probably not going to end after a single game and that dlc is now all but confirmed ( since i doubt they 're going to force the japanese to play the long outdated 1.3 version in 6 months time ) . 
  well , nothing to do now but wait and see i suppose . 
  pokken isnt really first party though . 
  anyway , i found it interesting that they did n't mention which system ( wii u , arcade cabinet , or maybe even the switch ) the championships are going to use . 
  nope . 
  they also did n't mention the system ( arcade or console ) . 
  this is cool news because it soft-confirms pokken wo n't end after only one game like some have predicted . 
  best course of action imho would be to release the dlc for the wii u version * and * make a switch port for those of us who have skipped that system . 
  and then maybe a full fledged sequel . 
  monster hunter or pokemon ( mainline or pokken ), 
  but i 'd never buy a console at launch either way, 
  itt americans beliving their freedom of speech laws are universal, 
  belive it or not the reason of this incoming arrest is not considered controversial anywhere in europe . 
  only the timing might be . 
  thanks op , you completely convinced me with rational arguments such as `` it would n't feel right '' and `` that 's how it should always be '' . 
  keep up the good work !, 
  i know right ? 
  and apparently at least 120 posters agreed . 
  different = / = good . 
  nintendo 's gimmicks and the way they 've been ( under ) utilised in their games have n't convinced me they actually know what to do with them themselves aside from releasing a token minigame collection close to a console 's release window . 
  way to completely miss the point . 
   mario maker clones, 
  i hope you realise level editors have been around for longer than two decades , and in most cases they 're avaliable absolutely for free ? 
  nintendo is one of the few who had a nerve to charge money for something that used to be free . 
  it 's like celebrating paid mods . 
   you do n't have a touch screen, 
  mouse is far superior . 
  in fact it 's the industry 's standard , even among the nintendo themselves . 
  joy-cons by themselves are n't functionally different from the wii remotes in any way . 
  joy cons + switch plays exactly like a single screen handheld device , joy cons + grip is just a traditional pad . 
  the only somewhat innovative feature is the hd rumble , but rumble itself has been around since the 90ties and it has n't caused any major shift in how we play video games nowadays . 
  it 's about as influential as 4d cinema in the movie industry . 
  not a pc gamer myself , but you can just plug your pc to your tv set with a cable and play on the couch , you know ... 
  of course people want to play nintendo games . 
  however , they do n't want to play them on nintendo 's * hardware * , which is perfectly justifiable seeing as for the last decade they 've been infamous for constanaly pumping out some of the weakest , most overpriced machines the industry has to offer . 
  i mean , there is a reason cemu developers are now earning almost $ 10k monthly to make wii u emulation on pc possible . 
  there is objectively no downside from the consumer 's perspective to have as many different games on as few different machines as possible . 
  and you call that entitlement ? 
  seriously , what 's wrong with you people ? 
   nintendo 's output would begin to suffer horribly if they have no incentive to bulk out their portfolio , and can just produce a few mario , zelda , and pok\u00e9mon games to earn easy cash, 
  that 's kind of already happening if the last 5 years are anything to go by ... mario/zelda/pokemon thrive , metroid and other ( comparably ) niche series get reduced to shovelware to fill out the gaps between the former . 
  it 's called pc . 
  number 2 . is actually the official reason stated by nintendo/tpci ( do n't remember which ) as to why there isnt and probably never will be a snap sequel in any forseeable future . 
  but various left wing parties have also noted a major boost in the exit poll ( most notably the greens and pro-eu d66 ) and they 're much more likely to form a ruling coalition with vvd than pvv is . 
  gen 5 had bw2 which is basically `` grey '' split into two to milk more money from ultra drones who always buy two games . 
  z was very likely cancelled . 
  bw2 was the third game of gen 5 . 
  xy did n't get one probably due to unlucky timing ( 20th anniversary coming up , yokai watch dominance in japan at the time of oras release ) . 
  everything else ( anime , new pokemon forms , new merch , the completely out of place zygarde stuff in sm ) pointed to the existance of a z game , so it 's safe to assume it was cancelled halfway through the development . 
  there is more than enough evidence pointing to the contrary, 
  i 'm not talking about fake `` leaks '' , and no one who closely follows the franchise ever seriously considered delta emerald a possibility ( lmfao ) . 
  a hypothetical xy third game on the other hand had the following going for it - zygarde forms ( awkwardly crammed into sm without much sense or context ) , az floette ( unreleased !, 
  ) , z anime , z-themed merchandise ( eg . 
  [ this ] ( http://m.ebay.com/itm/new-takara-pokemon-zukan-pokedex-z-poket-monster-mascot-pikachu-free-ship-japan-/112313152453?_trkparms=aid%253d222007%2526algo%253dsic.mbe%2526ao%253d1%2526asc%253d20150519202348%2526meid%253d7753ad77d82f4dd0a5f9e292b13fe444%2526pid%253d100408%2526rk%253d5%2526rkt%253d22%2526sd%253d201721642425&amp;_trksid=p2056116.c100408.m2460 ) ) , [ z-themed tretta machines ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-gwgyh3gw5eq/vkzlvzssxri/aaaaaaaafgc/xejd-ttc-oc/s1600/pokemon_tretta_ultimate_z.jpg ) and [ pogs ] ( https://media.pocketmonsters.net/pages/463/zygardeperfectforme.png/t/600.png ) , new greninja form ( `` wild '' guess - was originally supposed to be a mega evolution ) , and last but not least , two unused pentagon-compatibile game slots in xy/oras game code ( see [ here ] ( http://pastebin.com/zpgwx6mb ) on line 23 ) .
