  please no ... 
  i remember being so disappointed when ash never ended up evolving his pikachu in the first two seasons of the anime . 
  this was incidentally when i stopped watching the show . 
  i think endeavor from the pikachu cup distribution might be worth testing out but getting one with good ivs might prove to be a challenge . 
  yeah , it did , many times . 
  i wish i had this much passion for things that are actually useful in adult 's life , haha . 
  it would be cool if they treated the results merely as a suggestion so we do n't end up with mega charizard sun and mega mewtwo moon . 
  they changed the name at least 3 times since they last went by that name lol, 
  but yeah it 's still ( mostly ) the same show, 
  mudkip is just heart-meltingly cute < 3, 
  chandelure just kind of `` drills '' into the opponent when it performs one of it 's sliding attacks . 
   chandy is one of the most popular pokemon in japan, 
  i have nothing against chandelure but thats a bit of a stretch . 
  it was the most popular * gen 5 * pokemon according to one rather old poll . 
  it still has quite a long way to go to achive the status of real icons like pikachu and lucario . 
  i think delphox is a little too ... 
  i do n't know , basic ? 
  compared to the other final forms . 
  compared to braixen it just gains longer fur and thats it . 
  i was expecting at least a wizard 's hat or something equally as interesting to make the design more memorable . 
  i believe january corocoro outright stated that she got chosen because of serenas braixen popularity among the anime fans . 
  in japan of course . 
  another reason i can think of is her signature magic broom dash attack which would be impossible to do with delphox . 
  i 'm loving suicune and pants pikachu . 
  first thing i 'm gon na do when i get the game is turn the voices into japanese, 
  sorry , but until i see actual footage ( which you refuse to provide , further rising my doubts ) i 'm calling bull . 
  serebii joe claims the stats are turned off for the ranked matches and i 'd trust him over a random reddit user any day of the week . 
  ok , it seems i have to retract my statement . 
  [ serebii has now pulled the information about stats not applying to online matches ] ( http://serebii.net/pokken/skilllevel.shtml ) . 
  it now says the mechanics are currently being tested . 
  i can not test the mechanics myself as i only played the game at irl tournaments ( where they were disabled by default ) , but you need to at least be a little more specific . 
  did you test the attack against the same opponent ? 
  did you test it in field phase or in a duel phase ? 
  are you sure you did n't land a critical hit at least once ? 
  we do n't know how the damage formula works yet , and whether things like the fighter 's category affect the damage , so little details like these could possibly prove important . 
  oh and for the record i do n't care about the single player , local multiplayer and online friendlies , since i already now how things work like here . 
  ranked online matches only please . 
  namco has been patching the game fairly frequently when it was still exclusive to arcades so i 'm sure they 're working on the fix already . 
  fun fact : gengar had not one , but two infinites before they were patched out . 
  felt like making a short review of this game so here we go, 
  * great graphics ( even for a wii u game ), 
  * nice ost ( blue dome is just hgnghhhh ), 
  * fun , addictive gameplay, 
  * balanced and diverse roster, 
  * fantastic netcode ( nearly no lag , matches found as fast as 2 seconds despite the game not being a million seller or anything ), 
  * attention to detail that will make all pokefans ' hearts jump in joy, 
  cons, 
  * 16 characters in a game that 's part of the franchise that has 721 of them ( and counting ) wo n't please many fans, 
  * single player is a grind in the worst possible sense of the word, 
  * local multiplayer is very cumbersome to set up if you do n't enjoy playing in half the framerate while being stuck with the wii u gamepad, 
  * really bad english voice acting ( thankfully can be turned off , and the japanese audio is always an option ), 
  * gameplay-wise pokken needs to tone down both on the damage scaling ( which is insane ) and the damage output of the individual attacks . 
  a single grab should n't be able to take half of the opponent 's hp bar no matter what the circumstances were . 
  a fighting game should always reward the players who come up with their own combos and do n't mindlessly mash buttons , right now it 's almost the other way around . 
  * some minor issues like the synergy mode glitch ( ? ), 
  and s. mewtwo block infinite that hopefully will be patched out in the near future, 
  all in all i believe this is one of the best spin-offs pokemon had in a long while . 
  i 'd put it right there with pokemon mystery dungeon in terms of how much fun i had/have while playing it , even though the two series are completely different in what they 're trying to achieve . 
  eagerly awaiting a sequel . 
  hopefully all the issues i had with the first game will be ironed out by then . 
  i heard it 's because tpci is extremely protective of the ip . 
  it 's the same reason they forbidden nintendo from using the original pokemon sounds in mario maker , and how pokemon amiibos are the only ones that do n't have their own costumes in yoshi 's wooly world ... 
  i think hitmontop and maybe breloom would be interesting fighters too . 
  sounds like you only touched the single player . 
  fighting games are all about the multi bruh, 
  only in europe and australia , possibly because gamestop bought out the exclusivity rights in na, 
  damn , i love him so much . 
  do n't all fighting games feature a rock-paper-scissors mechanic in some way ? 
  grabs beating shields is n't exactly something new and unexpected . 
   against players that will actually mix things up it becomes a total guessing game, 
  my impressions were completely different . 
  the higher you get the less `` random '' the battles start to feel , because the opponent movements suddenly start to make sense and are n't just random button mashing . 
  i 'm not surprised by the news in any way . 
  the trailer looked bad to me from the very beginning . 
  very obvious catering to one particular type of audience ( that i 'm also technically a part of but do n't enjoy it in the slightest ... ) , and the mere fact that it 's a mobile game were two huge red flags that left me 100 % unhyped to this very day . 
  that said , since it 's a free title it wo n't hurt to at least give the game a chance , although i 'm not expecting to be blown away . 
  i 'm seriously wondering why there was a hype train in the first place . 
  were people really that impressed by a pretty generic cinematic trailer with next to none actual gameplay ? 
  there likely are n't any levels . 
  for the same reason why there are only gen 1 pokemon in the teaser . 
  source ? 
  all the screenshots i 've seen from the game have been gen 1 only so far . 
  they almost certainly wo n't be the battles we know from the main series though , considering there is no leveling system . 
  it 's not mandatory, 
  it 's actually pretty useless from what i read, 
  thanks for the translation ~, 
  glad to see flygon get some love . 
  i remember you could dig for gemstones which you could swap for various items with the hikers that lived underground . 
  the funny thing was you could also bury them in the ground and they 'd grow to gigantic sizes if left alone for long enough time . 
  if gen 5 was anything to go by then either, 
  * starter silhouettes ( if they even do those anymore ), 
  * box legendaries ( think bw2 reveal ), 
  * few seconds of in-game footage that does n't really tell us anything and we 'll be left disappointed once again, 
   / vp / has come to the conclusion, 
  hahaha, 
  i generally wait for starters , box legendaries and a couple of sample pokemon ( 5-7 ) to get revealed before i shut myself off, 
  i think the main culprit here are the legendaries . 
  say what you want about articuno being bad and nobody using regigigas ever but the sheer stat advantage puts the majority of them above your avarage pokemon , especially when it comes to bulk , which is like the most important stat in vgc and doubles in general . 
  unless they 're purely meant for support , you will rarely see pokemon below the 580 bst cut off being used in major tournaments , and yes that includes megas , which often go up to 700 . 
  the framerate drops are n't really due to their lack of skill though , but rather laziness .
