  i 'd also like them to continue expanding on the fighting game genre . 
  pokken was nice , just really lacking in the content department . 
  well , pokemon games are technically second party . 
  is n't galaxy like the second or third highest rated game of all time ? 
  i do n't think many games will be able to surpass that benchmark , mario or not . 
  while i love my current mh4u cover i might just pick up the solgaleo one . 
  the artwork on both sides is just incredibly cool . 
  let me guess , you stopped playing after gen 1 . 
  i do n't like nintendo as a company , or their hardware for that matter . 
  i 'm only in for the games . 
  ah , thought you were refering to solgaleo/lunala . 
  carry on then . 
  i typically play between 1-3 games at the same time . 
  currently it 's rune factory 4 , pad and neko atsume , although the latter can hardly be called a game lol, 
   in the mean time topic of ceta agreement was brilliantly covered . 
  there was nothing to cover seeing as the ceta agreement got [ close to 0 interest in this part of europe ] ( http://www.klubinteligencjipolskiej.pl/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2016/10/ceta-i-ttip-protest.png ), 
  why do you right wingers pretend to care so much about the ceta , when ttip which was basically ceta except 100x worse was being praised to heavens by the main politicans of parties such as pis ? 
  maybe it 's you who 's trying to create a smokescreen for a topic people actually give a shit about ? 
  i was n't aware there were massive anti-abortion demonstrations in slovakia and hungary as well . 
  the bill has [ now been repelled according to the polish media ] ( http://wiadomosci.gazeta.pl/wiadomosci/14,114884,20795029.html#mt ) . 
  too bad the unova dex was trash . 
  that 's because gen 5 had 2 legendary trios for some reason . 
  one of which being the widely-hated kamis . 
  lore  story when it comes to pokemon . 
  i recommend cleaning your youtube history and then forbidding youtube from recording your viewing history in your account settings , so that it does n't put up suggestions that 'd contain any spoilers ( they 're all usually clickbaits anyway ) . 
  works like a goddamn charm for me so far , 
  it 's not very hard to avoid spoilers unless you go to subs that are explicitly about pokemon actually . 
  that 'd be pretty fucking funny . 
  i wonder if that would n't put them at risk of being hit by a c&d from nintendo though . 
  i remember something like that happening to serebii when bw dex got leaked over a month before release . 
  something 's telling me they do n't really care . 
  log into your yt account, 
  click history ( on the left bar ), 
  click `` clear all watch history '' and then `` pause watch history '', 
  there , no more annoying `` asshat1234 reacts to pokemon sun&moon starter evolutions reveal ( spoiler.jpeg ) '' videos in the suggestions . 
  you can always resume watch history after the games come out , 
  cheers . 
  considering how silent bamco has been about making the dlc characters avaliable for the wii u version i think a port is almost an inevitability at this point . 
  true , but i still think it 's a bit suspicious that darkrai still hasnt come to the wii u pokken when the second character was already announced . 
  besides , tpci already confirmed pokemon game ( s ? ), 
  are in works for the nx . 
  one of them could be pokken . 
  same !, 
  i 'm really excited to see how the rumoured handheld part of the nx turns out . 
  well , after empoleon there will still be one free spot left ... anything can happen , 
  i noticed swords dance , string shot , flash cannon , bullet punch and x-scissor, 
  there is a similar thing going on for pokken right now . 
  a new character ( darkrai ) was revealed for the arcades back in july . 
  fans have been anticipating its reveal for the wii u version for months . 
  however , no such announcement was made so far . 
  the real kicker is that * another * character ( scizor ) was revealed just yesterday , again only for the arcades . 
  this leads many to believe there will be an nx port of pokken with all of the new characters already included on disc ( cartridge ? ) . 
  some supporting evidence comes from the tpci itself , which recently confirmed there are pokemon games for nx in the works , and the game dev bandai-namco , which said right at the start that pokken wo n't get any dlcs . 
  we 'll see how they 'll work it out . 
  they always do that . 
  every single time since diamond/pearl , if not earlier . 
  that 's not even to mention the people who get the game early ( and trust me , there is * always * someone who manages to snatch the game early ) , but that seems to happen with almost every game nowadays . 
  this is why some people ( like myself ) prefer to shut themselves out of spoilers until release . 
  however , i usually * do * read about new features like hyper training and z-moves since i play pokemon competitively and i like to know what to expect in advance . 
  haha , sceptile did the izuna 's drop move from pokken !, 
  i really love those shorts , unlike the regular anime . 
  this ep is almost begging for a part two . 
  tri force heroes is pretty fun and very co-op focused . 
  great for playing wirelessly . 
  10 years too late, 
  nothing new , though i liked the football comparision . 
  what if they announce it out of blue like the 2ds ? 
  seeing how / r/nintendo 's page is already chock full of spoiler threads i can only say i 'm both amazed and not surprised that gamefreak * still * did n't care enough to scrub out those few mbs worth of unnecessary data , hahahaha, 
  considering one is a brand new console and the other two are merly `` updates '' of existing hardware this does n't surprise me at all . 
  the fact that they keep delaying the announcement so much hints that some huge oversight was discovered in late stage of development . 
  i sense a delay is incoming . 
  i meant a delay of the consoles release . 
  it was planned for march 2017 . 
  oh , so you meant this part, 
   the fact that they keep delaying the announcement so much, 
  delaying as in announcing it as late as humanly possible . 
  procrastinating . 
  idk how to word it better . 
  i love such out of blue announcements, 
  please announce some new games while we 're at it, 
  how was this even a debate in the first place ? 
  haha , are you me ? 
  everything i wanted and then some . 
  havent been this hyped since 3ds announcement , 
   gaf members, 
  ewww, 
  will nintendo switch require a paid subscription to use most of its online features , including playing multiplayer games ? 
  what is the battery life of the nintendo switch controller ? 
  what is the the launch price of the nintendo switch console ? 
  most of these are pretty self explainory , with the first one being a complete dealbreaker in case of a `` yes '' answer . 
  battery life is important for me since i can see myself using the tablet mode more often than the tv dock + controller mode . 
  launch price will determine how long i 'll have to to wait for the price to drop to acceptable levels :p, 
  i 'm hoping for a port myself but i see why peeps who bought the wii u would be angry about it . 
  i hope both games receive the dlc and will have a cross-play function if pokken switch does happen . 
  edit : just watched the video , that grab damage after 2 swords dances is utterly disgusting lol, 
  it was the only wii u game that sold decently this year ( 1 mln copies as of august 2016 ) . 
  they might want to push for more exposure/bigger audience with the switch port . 
  skipped . 
  i 'd love a switch version of ptcgo . 
  i mean it 's already available on tablets and smartphones , so why not ?
