  i 'm still having second thoughts about the switch . 
  guess i 'll stick to the single player . 
  online marketers . 
  this feels like they purposefully made the first announcement as bad as possible in order to lower people 's expectations , then announced a slightly less horrible deal to get them hyped back up . 
  judging by this thread many took the bait . 
   all those extras, 
  like what ? 
  a limited choice of 30 year old roms when nowadays you can download the entire nes library on your smartphone within minutes ? 
  no proper voice chat , party system or cloud saves ? 
  no dedicated servers ? 
  watch it be online leader boards . 
  also , only nes games are confirmed so far . 
  paid online , especially without the dedicated servers excuse to hide behind , is never reasonable . 
  it 's very unlikely to be on switch but wee , hype train, 
  no / s needed there my man, 
  people here are setting up for a disappointment . 
  i feel like they 're doing this direct now precisely because this game will be on 3ds , while nintendo 's digital event is confirmed to be focused entirely on the switch . 
  would 've preferred a sequel but i 'm still hyped . 
  on a side note , all those ports make me glad i skipped the wii u lol, 
  i asked for this, 
  honestly enjoying the salt itt . 
  told it would happen in the yesterday 's thread , haha . 
  it 's amazing , especially as someone excited for all of the announced games, 
  i get to be happy about the direct and drink all of the tears at the same time, 
  even weirder is that majority of them were excited for mk8d and recently mhxx which introduced * even less content * than pokken dx does right now, 
  bunch of hypocritical twats, 
  was your first pokemon game go or something ? 
  this pretty much always happens . 
  gen 6 was kinda an exception . 
  i 'm almost convinced a lot of people shocked/disappointed about today 's announcement started playing after go . 
  are you new to the franchise or something ? 
  this has been the standard release procedure for them for over 20 years . 
  i skipped the wii u entirely and i have a hacked 3ds , so not mad at all . 
  / r/nintednoswitch is highly amusing right now by the way , go give it a visit if you enjoy the salt . 
  me too , but i guess i 'm sort of a special case since i did n't get a wii u. i played the game on my friends system though , thought it was great . 
  that 's just a lie . 
  afaik crystal was the worst selling . 
  not that it matters . 
  sure , but it is still not a reason to shit on a game made by a completely unrelated studio rather than gamefreak themselves . 
  it 's still a part of the main series . 
  as someone who almost bought a wii u for mk8 , donkey kong and pokken but decided to back off at the last moment due to rumors of a new console , i can definitely confirm . 
  i 'm happy about pretty much all of the recently announced switch games so far ( both the ports and the new games ) . 
  i do n't have the system yet due to my huge 3ds backlog but i 'll probably be getting it in september along with pokken dx , mk8d , zelda and arms , 
  the name was the reason i skipped the system haha . 
  switch owners are not the majority of the pokemon 's fanbase . 
  in fact , judging by the yesterday 's thread , where people were honestly , unironically expecting gamefreak to switch platforms mid-generation , i 'd say most of them probably have n't followed pokemon franchise for a good while . 
  pokemon is n't made / controlled by nintendo . 
  it 's tpci who makes the calls . 
  i unsubbed after yesterday . 
  it 's pretty obvious to me now that this sub is for particular system/console maker fanboys rather than for video game fans who happen to own a switch . 
  basically neogaf - nintendo edition . 
  not the same dev . 
  this announcement was pretty predictable though . 
  and the sinnoh remake is coming , just not in this generation ( thank god ) . 
  the only reason mhxx is being ported to switch is because the 3ds version bombed in japan . 
  this wont be the case with pokemon no matter what the butthurt / r/nintendoswitch users boycotting the game might believe . 
  at this point i 'm just waiting for a donkey kong tropical freeze port and i 'll have every game i ever wanted on wii u available on the switch . 
  the vocal members of this sub sure didnt seem like actual pokemon fans to me if they were angry by yesterday 's announcement . 
  the direct was received overwhelmingly positively judging by the like/dislike ratio on yt and reaction on other forums . 
  it 's really only reddit early switch adopters who bought a system before it has games they want that complain . 
  what ? 
  there were plenty of people who expected stars , and ultra sun/moon are basically that . 
  the salty people are mostly early switch adopters who fell for the marketing hype and bought a system before it has the games they want to play , or even worse , actually believed the rumors that were thrown around on the internet . 
  anyone who actually follows the pokemon franchise knew they would n't switch a platform mid generation . 
  mainline pokemon coming to home consoles for the first time in history will be a huge event . 
  doing this with an upscaled port of the last year 's 3ds game would n't feel appropriate to put it mildly . 
  i firmly believe they want to kick off the switch generation with a brand new generation 8 game first . 
  they 're probably already working on it right as i type this . 
   `` we read none of the comments '', 
  thank god, 
  pokken is not made by gamefreak . 
  yeah except for the part where pokemon is n't close to being dead and switch will get a mainline pokemon game eventually . 
  you 're all just massively entitled manchildren , worse than the sonic fanbase i swear . 
  to think i was about to buy a wii u last year ... dodged a bulled right there lol, 
  maybe because pokemon is hardly a dead franchise and we 're basically guaranteed to get a new mainline game on switch sooner or later ? 
  most fans are happy if the like/dislike ratio on the yt and the general reaction on forums is anything to go by . 
  most just wanted a new pokemon game and did n't care what platform it is going to be released on , unlike this highly biased sub . 
  emerald and platinum were fantastic , so as long as they deliver a rich postgame and maybe new forms/megas i do n't see a problem here , other than maybe the game being split in two . 
  yeah wtf , do people literally only are about graphics nowadays ? 
  a straight port would 've been awful . 
  because fans are happy they got a new game no matter what system it is releasing on . 
  nintendoswitch users are mostly casual nintendo fans who only begin care if it 's for * their * system and nothing else . 
  mhxx is a 3ds port ... 
  it 's not even made by the same studio . 
  pokken 's existance does n't take any dev time from the mainline series at all . 
  pokken dx failing would just lead to no more pokken games in the future and a scary possibly of all spin-offs permanently moving to smartphones , not a faster release of mainline game on switch . 
  i does . 
  17th nov worldwide . 
  no. 67 is still nowhere close to being a game `` nobody asked for '' like some butthurt posters here claimed 2 days ago . 
  also , i find it interesting how pokken ranked the highest among the youngest ( < 16 ) demographic . 
  i suppose thats one of the reasons they decided to port the game over . 
  i suppose i asked for it with the `` butthurt '' comment , haha . 
  anyway , another interesting tibit : [ pokken dx preorder debuted # 6 on japanese amazon today ] ( http://imgur.com/navvjj7 ), 
   why not announce the new pokken characters as also being wii u dlc ( they 're already referenced in the game 's code , except decidueye ) to maximize audience potential , since this writer is so sure that the wii u version was a success and that making exclusives for last-gen consoles is a good idea ? 
  as someone who used to follow pokken wii u/arcade news for a while , harada ( the game developer ) officially stated on twitter that they have the update for wii u ready to roll out , but nintendo wouldnt let them upload it online for some reason . 
  now we know why ... 
  lmao what a shit bot . 
  i 'll probably skip the ports but i 'm hyped for eo . 
  all of the 3ds eo games were excellent imho . 
  i believe it was nintendo 's ( or tpci ) decision to block the update and then convince namco to port the game over to switch .
