  same . 
  it looks really neat . 
  came here to post this lol, 
  i remember some japanese communities have banned pursuit for a while due to this glitch . 
  it actually was n't that difficult to activate . 
  tyranitar was common as hell in gen 4 competitive pokemon and pursuit was one of it 's most used moves . 
  but monster hunter also suffers from the same nasty practice of cutting the content from the previous games and then bringing it back in the `` expanded '' edition of the same game . 
   games also not new 3ds exclusive !, 
  i suggest you rewatch the reveal trailer because we knew this was the case since day 1 . 
  look on a bright side - the more reddit posts about this the sooner / vp / will stop spamming it . 
  yea , it 's right in the reveal trailer . 
  i want it to be gen 6.5 for all the salt it would cause . 
  i never understood why they removed it in the first place . 
  i 'd wager this was meant to be a flygonite before they dropped the concept . 
  worth adding is that cute charm mechanics are hilariously broken in dppt and under certain circumstances can cause the shiny encounter rate to skyrocket to 1/4 for all wild encounters . 
  so if you 're lucky you might grab a few shinies while looking for your combee . 
  they did but not that much , they mostly just cut some unnecessary animations ( like the pointless pokeball opening animation ) which gives the illusion that the battles go by faster . 
  with the shut down of the nfwc though that point became relevant once again . 
  although i have no idea who in their right mind would want to complete dppt pokedex in the year 2016 . 
  same here down to the game version, 
  my vivillon had the continental pattern , but the event exclusive pokeball pattern is probably my favorite , 
   vivillon has few options to take down steel-type pokemon , which wall its stabs, 
  the most commonly used steel types are usually neutral to flying though . 
  those which are n't generally have low sdef and thus can be bruteforced through with unboosted hurricanes ( especially if they have no reliable healing ) . 
  yup , vivillon is a beast . 
  i was surprised when it turned out to be the best pokemon of my x in-game team . 
  it does feel a little fragile near the end of the game , but nothing a well placed sleep powder ca n't fix , right ? 
  meh , i feel like i ca n't get hyped for this game anymore : / tpci completely failed to keep the momentum going with the promised `` groundbreaking '' announcements that turned out to be a whole bunch of nothing . 
  not saying that this one wo n't be , but i 'm not going to lose my sleep over this that 's for sure . 
   much weaker story than gen 5, 
  is pretending to care about pokemon 's story some internet only thing , because i did n't know a single person in real life who wouldnt just button mash through all the dialogue, 
  just pirate if you ca n't stand the wait . 
  3ds softmodding has been a thing for a while . 
  and yet they specifically screwed over europe ( and only europe ) with the worldwide release lol, 
  xy/oras already had idle animations, 
  i never ended up liking the gen 5 starters . 
  so ... will the zygarde forms make an appearance in the games or not ? 
  lol , was thinking more in the final forms sense , but yeah snivy 's pretty awesome . 
  i 've got a feeling mega evolutions are going to take a backseat in these games . 
  kind of like they semi-dropped gender differences and cross gen evolutions after popping out so many of them in gen 4 . 
  gen 7 is also an `` odd '' generation , and those tend to focus only on pokemon not connected to any previous generations . 
  so even if we do get new megas , they 're probably going to be of pokemon introduced in sm . 
   but somehow loosing religion . 
  we are loosing language . 
  we are loosing culture . 
  man , why do you keep spreading bullshit ? 
  polish language is in no danger of disappearing anytime soon , the nation is still the most religious on the entire continent and culturally we 're doing way better than under any previous system . 
  the spread of racism is an effect of certain demographic targeting the most vulnerable people in our society ... again . 
  my bet is on scizor with empoleon/darkrai support set as per datamining reveals . 
  deep inside i wish it was playable empoleon , love that guy . 
  yeah but the news implies there will only be 1 new playable character . 
  given that scizor has data for it 's mega form and there are no bug types in the roster yet i think he has the highest chance of being the next revealed character . 
  it will likely not come to the wii u version until august at least . 
  that mod tag is pointless given all arcade characters made it to the wii u version ( and vice versa ) . 
  they expired in the club nintendo too, 
  you can use present tense here , since hgss still goes for no less than $ 50 for a complete box ( game + papers + pokewalker ) in a good condition, 
  factory sealed copies can go for upwards of $ 100, 
  so glad i got mine right at the release lol, 
  i 'm going to be so mad if they do n't localize this . 
  and yet it 's still not available in my country ... sasuga , nintendo . 
  poland here , i know your pain . 
  miitomo does n't even have a planned release date as far as i know . 
  i agree except for, 
   corruption is rampant, 
  not really . 
  not in day to day life at least . 
  another one bites the dust . 
  the casuals will drop the game soon enough regardless . 
  then they can start adding more pokemon to draw in the dedicated fanbase , which is currently mostly pissed the game features so little pokemon compared to the main series games . 
  yeah , but nostalgia only takes you so far . 
  the people that only `` remember '' the series and wanted their 5 minutes of nostalgia rush will drop the game sooner or later ( i assume sooner ) . 
  then niantic will have a choice - start reaching out to the dedicated fanbase ( which is about as massive as the older fanbase ) or let the game die like miitomo did . 
  i think the choice is rather clear here . 
  pokemon go is for all intents and purposes a glorified photo app . 
  it 's not meant to replace the original games . 
  unless gamefreak themselves decides to move the series to mobile we 're not going to see shit like competitive pvp on phones anytime soon . 
   i also wonder if the newer generation pokemon are not going to confuse casual players who are only familiar with the first gen , and wo n't have that same interest about newer pokemon, 
  they 're going to drop the game soon anyways . 
  unlike stuff like angry birds and pad , go 's lasting appeal is non existant . 
  the interest is going to drop regardless once people get their nostalgia fix . 
  so it 's pretty much just the 20 year roms that are rising . 
  call me a pessimist but i do n't think it bodes well for the future of the pokemon franchise ... 
  not even takara tomy makes figures for all pokemon anymore , and they 've been handling the business since the 90ties . 
  if pokemon gets its own amiibo it 's probably gon na be only for a few very popular pokemon . 
  even an amiibo card set would be too much when the series eventually hits ~ 800 creatures in the upcoming generation . 
  console pokemon is also a pipe dream , gamefreak has stated numerous times that moving the series to home systems defeats the point of the franchise . 
  was there ever any doubt that they are ? 
  just look at franchises like mario and pokemon and how they expand into everything ranging from video games and cartoons to books for children and theme parks . 
  and the bubble just keeps growing ... 
  you did n't follow the comment chain all the way though , did you ? 
  i 'm salty they even decided to put it in the regional dex again . 
  that 's 9 ( nine ) dex slots taken by just one evolution line . 
  this place could have been easily used by 3 three stage evo lines and almost 5 two stage evo lines instead . 
  and no offence to the fans of the line , but eeveelutions are simply not fun to use in-game . 
  they got shit for movepool and the evolution requirements are often annoying to fulfil . 
  well , assuming we 're limiting ourselves to just nintendo stuff then definitely pokemon , my personal favorites being the emerald and the heartgold/soulsilver versions . 
  the lack of online play is a bummer though ... 
  second would probably be monster hunter , if only for it 's sheer amount of content . 
  xy are 3 years old . 
  funny you say that , i was going to download the clash royale game to have something to play on my phone but then i saw this creepy ass face and was like `` naaaawww '' .
