  with online being paid now they want to give people as many reasons to sub as possible . 
  pokken dx also gives the pokemon fans who bought the switch something to play while gamefreak is working on the mainline switch game ( i 'm absolutely certain ultra sun and moon have finished development by now ) . 
  probably not at this e3 but - pokemon generation 8 for mobile . 
  pretty sure people like you ( and me ) are the intended audience of those dx/deluxe releases . 
  it sucks for those who got a wii u but i imagine nintendo must be ( for the lack of the better words ) pretty salty that the games they put a lot of effort into ended up being stuck on system that did n't reach a wide audience because of its unfortunate naming . 
   pokemon stars ... for the 3ds !, 
  i know this thread it 's supposed to be `` stuff that would make us mad no matter how unlikely it is to happen '' but ultra sun/moon * is * basically stars . 
  wow , that actually made me mad . 
  i would be perplexed as to what this game would offer over usm to convince the fans to triple-dip . 
  then again monster hunter somehow made that happen , though as mhxx has shown there is only so much abuse a fanbase can take before saying `` enough '' . 
  i was referring to mhxx selling poorly ( for a mh ) on the 3ds in japan . 
  part of this probably has to do with fatigue with the 3ds hardware , part with tiny amount of new content compared to generations , which was already accused of being a rehash . 
  i think this is probably why they ported it to switch to squeeze some last extra sales before finally moving on to gen 5 . 
  i mean , it 's still sold a respectable 1,5 million to date , it just fell way short of capcom 's expectations of 2 million copies sold by the end of march . 
  afaik it was the first monster hunter game since the originals to not break 2 million in japan within the first week on the market ( and it still did n't reach that milestone ) . 
  to me it 's a clear signal the fanbase wants to move on . 
  will the tournaments be streamed ? 
  i do n't have many wishes for this e3 , other than maybe nintendo throwing us a new ip or two ( i know there is arms but i 'm greedy lmao ) , especially in the light of switch being pretty much a port machine at the moment . 
  a new trailer for mario odyssey would also be great but i feel it 's pretty much a given . 
  hear , hear . 
  afaik it 's because the joker games on the ds sold really , really poorly , which is a shame since i quite enjoyed dqmj2 . 
  there are actually 3 unlocalized dragon quest monsters games on the 3ds , terry wonderland 3d ( remake of dwm1 ) , iru and luca 's marvelous mysterious key ( remake of dwm2 ) and joker 3 , which is a brand new entry . 
  sadly with the 3ds being so late in the life and no hints from se themselves i do n't see them ever being officially translated and localized . 
  everything i wanted got announced at this point so i can not be possibly disappointed . 
  checkmate atheists !, 
  they 're likely not localising xx at this point . 
  mhw is the one that seems more up to western audience tastes and it 's confirmed to be coming out early next year . 
  i do n't see why would they waste their time localising xx , especially with gen only selling 600k in the west . 
  regarding sales , i know people who only bought nintendo systems for mh , so yeah , it will , though nothing too drastic i think . 
  did they really just cite a fucking 4chan post ? 
  lmao . 
  besides , you make it sound like capcom could n't have just said `` no '' like back when they did n't make monster hunter tri for ps3 because they refused to implement trophies . 
  the last one is just pure wishful thinking . 
  monster hunter world is by all means a mainline mh game and thus the first gen 5 mh game . 
  gen and xx are the `` spin-offs '' ( using the citation marks here seeing as they play 95 % the same as all previous monster hunter games ) . 
  they did n't get the name right though ( it 's double cross , not cross cross ) . 
  and as many have pointed out , the second part of the post doesnt make any sense . 
  why make a `` westernized '' mh game if they want to recapture the japanese market ? 
  and if they 're footing the bill , why would they let any of their biggest competitions get it for `` free '' instead of demanding exclusivity ? 
  this post is a huge load of crap , sorry . 
   articles, 
  that 's a big word for a run of the mill 4chan shitpost . 
  [ it 's not a spin off . 
  to exactly no ones surprise . 
  the other systems have the better looking mh game though, 
  hey i just wanted to say im super hyped for your game . 
  keep up the good work . 
  looks like the person you were replying to was actually spot on - https://www.gamespot.com/articles/e3-2017-capcom-not-bringing-switch-version-of-mons/1100-6450954/, 
  the only surprise is how little there is and how most minigames suck balls . 
  already got it lol ( pokken dx ) . 
  the only other game i 'd love to see ported is donkey kong tropical freeze , switch will then have every game i originally wanted to purchase on wii u. 
  it was never going to be either of those since gamefreak does n't produce anything but mainline pokemon . 
  geez , people are fucking stupid . 
  did they provide a breakdown by region ? 
  the shop i usually order from did n't open the pre-orders yet but if the price is as inflated as in hdmarket and the like i 'm going to pass . 
  as cool of a gadget as snes mini is there is no way i 'm paying 600 zloty for that lol, 
  i was actually pretty hyped for arms but the charm instantly wore off as soon as i played the demo on an irl pre-release . 
  seeing how quickly the game died on twitch makes me think i made the right decision in not buying it . 
  on the other hand the same prerelease made me really hyped for splatoon 2 , which i was n't really feeling before , so yay for me . 
  nice to see they added more options for online play . 
  i actually would n't mind as long as they announce some new characters . 
  but the game looks finished to me at this point . 
  it 's for the pokemon daisuki club members . 
  tpci does random promotions and events like these every couple of months . 
  it 's funny seeing people not familiar with the pokemon franchise to get hyped over nothing once again . 
  i 'm getting pokemon stars flashbacks . 
  got 2 of those back when oras came out , honestly wish i got a normal edition instead . 
  yeah , got a black one at mh4us release together with mh4u faceplates . 
  still play it ( almost ) daily , got ta love the stable 3d . 
  saw that match already . 
  lucario is just insane in the hands of a good player . 
  lmao @ people getting excited about an opening of a gimmick website with flash minigames for little kids . 
  been on the protests in the capital multiple times . 
  glad to hear our effort was n't for naught !, 
  star fox - never liked on rails shooters, 
  metroid - by the time i started becoming interested in nintendo consoles , the franchise was more or less dead , plus i 'm not too big on sci-fi, 
  pikmin - never had a system that had one of those games , not counting hey !, 
  pikmin which is n't really a pikmin game from what i was told, 
  yoshi - similar to metroid , the franchise has gotten bad by the time i started becoming interested in nintendo 's franchises, 
  paper mario - same as pikmin, 
  f-zero - same as metroid/pikmin, 
  mario & luigi rpg - i initially registered this as `` oh look , yet another mario game with a gimmick '' somewhere in the back of my head and never gave it a fair chance ... might try out the superstar saga remake when it comes out though, 
  earthbound/mother - same as metroid/pikmin, 
   physical effect of the day/night cycle on overworld ( brought back in gen 4 ), 
   verdict : unjustified, 
  have to disagree here . 
  if anything including the feature so early in franchises life was a mistake on gamefreak 's part . 
  day/night cycle was likely removed because before gba sp the nintendo handhelds had no in-built backlight and parents complained the night mode ruined children 's eyesight , especially since they 'd often play in insufficient light . 
  it only came back a generation later once all systems had a proper backlight . 
  but gen 3 did have its own clock , it 's used for things like berry growth , high-low tides and day-night evolutions . 
  what it did n't have was visible overworld changes and rotating day-night encounter tables . 
  at best he will be an early meta novelty just like z-conversion porygon z was . 
  imho it comes down to difficulty , less poorly written story , more puzzles and better map design in general . 
  im 25 and while i love the region design and many of the pokemon i agree it 's pretty much unplayable nowadays due to poor optimisation . 
  platinum is n't unfortunately all that better but at least it bought the battle frontier back . 
  really average . 
  the monster mounts control like a tank , so that 's a big minus from the start . 
  the open world feels empty and has a lot of grating pop-in , probably due to the limitations of the platform itself . 
  battle system is too blatantly rps to be enjoyable - even the new weapon-specific skills you obtain during the gameplay end up being a slight variation of one of the standard power-speed-technique attacks . 
  the questing system is flawed since a lot of monster hunts rely on you finding a rare dungeon spawn , which is pure rng .
