  yesterday i was out for a walk and i saw a rare pokemon , so i followed it , and then i noticed it was over a fence which led directly to a steep bank onto railway tracks . 
  i can see that being dangerous for younger kids who wo n't think ahead and will just see `` rare pokemon !! '', 
  and be fixated on their location . 
   i also think that the pokemon go app should stop working if you travel too fast , so drivers and cyclists ca n't use the game . 
  it does stop working . 
  if you go over 12 ( or is it 20 ? ), 
  mph then it does n't record steps . 
   we got more people how is that something to be proud of ? 
  i sure as fuck hate having a dense population . 
  ah , the ol' `` we do n't care if it looks good , it 's about making it as complicated as possible '', 
  i have a feeling that may and co will try and strike a deal , turn around and tell the public `` this deal 's a bit shit , it 'd be awful if we left '' and then they 'd get murdoch to indoctrinate everybody with this . 
  and then we wo n't leave . 
  which i 'm happy about i suppose . 
  the british economy . 
  specifically , `` lol look at how wank it is '' , as if that sentiment has n't been expressed a billion times already . 
  it 's just shitting for the sake of shitting . 
  so people start going `` lol the british economy is utter shit amirite ? '', 
  when the title is `` germany economy should grow despite brexit '' ? 
  righto, 
  i like how you 're getting downvoted when you 're perfectly correct . 
  / r/europe fucking hates the uk now haha, 
  but it is true that american and english universities are perhaps the most recognizable . 
  yeah in the uk you 'd get odd looks if you cracked open a cold one in the middle of a lecture . 
  mate , i 'd just be quiet . 
  you 're looking like a bit of a buffoon now . 
  rekt, 
  i like how even in threads about the fucking german economy the uk is still mentioned . 
  continentals have a massive chip on their shoulder about brexit . 
  but muh big dick, 
  in newcastle it 's gon na be 27 on tuesday , which is the hottest we 've had in a looooooooong time . 
  inb4 fat middle aged men walking around shirtless in the middle of the town, 
  hahaha , i 'm english and we say that in england too . 
  i do n't know why we love to go out in the midday sun ... 
  probably because we hardly get any , and then when we do we maximise the usage . 
  lol , what a bellend, 
  yeah but articles like the above just come off as bitter and whiny . 
  and you have to admit the eurozone has been in a bad way for a while now . 
  well if they were being biased bellends with an agenda to push , like every news outlet these days , then why would he let them in just so they can twist his words ? 
  this has been posted about 10 times . 
  also , the washington post is very anti-trump - since trump backed brexit , they have to come off as anti-brexit otherwise it 'd look like they were agreeing with trump . 
  i swear / r/europe has been getting its jollies recently by jacking off to articles about britain losing its influence . 
  death to all as long as your precious project survives right, 
  i always laugh at japan 's disguises . 
  everybody on earth knows what they 're doing , why not just drop the charade ? 
  very true mate . 
  i do n't have an issue with people wanting to leave , it 's just i was upset that so many people voted to leave based on untruths . 
  like leaving the eu to curb immigration , which will be difficult , or to stop money going to the eu , which will also be difficult to stop if we 're remaining in the eea . 
  i hope the uk and eu can get along closely . 
  i was hoping to move abroad when i finish uni , i hope it 's still easy enough haha, 
  i was in italy the other day and discovered the moka pot . 
  would recommend for anyone who 's a fan of good coffee . 
  trust me , you do n't know how hard it is to be a brit who likes coffee over tea . 
  recently i 've noticed / r/europe has taken a more hostile view on the uk , threatening us , telling us we 're just some shit backwater nation now and all that sort of thing . 
  the opinion you get on / r/europe is probably not the one you 'd get irl . 
  / r/europe attracts the type who are far more interested in politics and who care far more about the eu project - the uk has damaged the project , which means people on here would react with more hostility to brexit than an ordinary european . 
  i hate having to bring up anecdotal evidence again here , but in italy i was n't asked at all about brexit . 
  the only time was when someone asked me if their chances of living and working in the uk would be damaged . 
  i do n't think anybody cared to be honest , certainly not enough to change their opinion on the british people . 
  and even if someone did decide to change their opinion of the brits on the brexit result , it 's dumb - 48 % of us voted to stay , so you ca n't generalise us all . 
  have they ? 
  okay . 
  as i said , speaking on personal experience , i 'm received well wherever i go . 
  i was in norway recently and they were more than happy to learn more about me . 
  similarly i was in italy only a few weeks ago and i had a great time chatting with italians while watching the euros . 
  i 'm afraid anecdotal evidence is the best i have to go on , but that 's my look on it . 
  i do n't think it 's liked or disliked . 
  people have different opinions . 
  when i go abroad i 'm always well received . 
  i think what * you * mean is the uk government . 
  it 's hard to say `` i hate british people '' when there 's 65 million of us ; you ca n't generalise 65 million people . 
  christ , did a brit fuck your mother ? 
  reportedly dozens of deaths . 
  on france 's national day , too . 
  i feel bad for the french being constantly targeted by these sort of people . 
   to the people of portsmouth for saying the town was `` too full of drugs and obesity '' well he 's not wrong, 
  it appears to be from yanko tsvetkov 's `` atlas of prejudice '' . 
  what ? 
  christ , this sub has been a salt mine post-brexit . 
  why not both, 
   us navy outweighs the next 10 largest navies combined . 
  just like their citizens lmao, 
  yep . 
  british indians are more conservative than pretty much every other ethnic group are n't they ? 
  surely that 's a good thing ? 
  english is definitely the most important language to learn if you want to survive outside of anywhere but specific regions of wales . 
  welsh should be predominantly a second language . 
  how about you both agree to disagree and say that neither molenbeek or birmingham are as bad as american media say they are . 
  imo it 's more prevalent outside of london . 
  i 'm not sure if londoners are more considerate or they have better cleaners or what , but up here in newcastle litter is a big problem on the highstreets . 
  you 're projecting by saying that i 'm projecting again, 
  tbf football is like the only sport we massively underachieve in . 
  we 're pretty good at rugby , cricket , the olympics as you said , tennis i suppose . 
  no , you stay salty, 
  keep the salt flowing about my salt being flowing, 
  yeah . 
  remember when everyone was going on about how brazil was the next emerging economic power and then their economy went to shit . 
  i 'm fairly certain every european nation will find themselves slipping down the rankings by 2050 . 
  damn bruh you got annihilated in this debate, 
  you come off like one . 
  are you a teenager ?
