yeah because brexit makes it impossible for you to leave the country, 
  they 're gon na pay * bigly * folks , believe me . 
  hardly . 
  the remnants and influence of the empire is still shaping the world today . 
   `` the poles were considered an issue , but then those same people went to the pub with a bunch of poles and had a grand night on the lash . '', 
  `` bloody poles , except my mate lukasz . 
  he 's alright '', 
  hahaha . 
  trust me i am a remainer , but brexiteers have good memes so they 're fun to hang around . 
  b u z z w o r d rekt you with my argument fam, 
  as a brit and remainer , it 's actually tiring and annoying that i ca n't browse / r/unitedkingdom anymore since it 's literally just full of either `` fuck the conservatives '' or `` dae brexiteers are retarded ? '' . 
  it 's tiring as fuck . 
  if i wanted to talk about politics 24/7 i 'd go to / r/ukpolitics , but that 's just a circlejerk in the opposite direction . 
  what an argument, 
  when the conference has a free bar, 
  because it 's a completely shit idea and just weakens the concept of an `` ever closer europe '' , which is presumably what they were aiming for with the euro . 
  well , although this is n't concrete proof the worst ranked uni in the uk ( `` the university of east london '' ) is ranked 701 worldwide, 
  i do n't think anyone 's gon na respect a degree from the 981 ranked uni worldwide fam, 
  obviously . 
  what i meant is a degree from any british university , no matter how shit , is probably more well regarded than their similarly ranked counterpart in another country . 
  i think there 's far too many variables there on top of it also being anecdotal evidence to draw any reasonable conclusion, 
   and then the universities by the education , where germany or france have the edge . 
  can you provide a source please, 
  i do n't think so . 
  for example : edinburgh , manchester , york , bristol , southampton are all outside the top 15 , yet they 're regarded very highly internationally, 
  i 'm sorry but what ? 
  what 's your definition of a `` top university '' then ? 
  the top 30 ? 
  you know it 's not just oxford , cambridge and `` assorted shitholes '' . 
  a degree from a british university is probably more valuable worldwide than any other excluding american degrees . 
  i 'm actually surprised that it 's 1 in 7 , i thought it 'd be a lot worse . 
  every takeout on my local high street looks grimy as fuck, 
   le peni did you forget an s on the end, 
  i think it 's moreso `` i 'm 70 years old , i 've got maybe 10 more years to live , why should i spend my time learning a language that is n't essential '', 
  that 's a terrible analogy, 
  christ , now i know how muslims feel ... 
  probably because the enclaves on the coasts will be just be a bunch of retirees who say `` i 'm too old to learn another language '', 
  on / r/europe maybe, 
  that 's not a knoife . 
  * this * is a knoife, 
   there 's fuck all outside london anyway , u wot fam, 
  my brother speaks norwegian . 
  i 'm imagining him speaking norwegian in the uk and being told to `` fuck off back to his own country '' when he 's actually from the uk . 
  lol ok , settle down finland, 
  the uk is in europe mate, 
  germans ... lmao, 
   letting them die in the sea even so , they set out knowing full well it 's going to be a perilous journey . 
  it should n't be italy 's duty to go around clearing up people 's fuck ups . 
  but surely human rights laws only apply to refugees in this case . 
  if they 're economic migrants you can just deport them like any other illegal migrant . 
  in this particular case , many of these `` refugees '' are just economic migrants entering illegally . 
  i think that 's the answer he was fishing for lol, 
  but muh human rights laws, 
  it 's got tins and pots in it, 
  i remember reading that scientists could breed mosquitoes that produced sterile offspring and then introduce them in to the local population , eventually eradicating it . 
  perhaps the same could be done with ticks ? 
   haemorragic fever crimea-congo death wat, 
  i visit london regularly and i do n't see them that often . 
  not in the centre anyway . 
  perhaps they 're only there when you 're looking for them . 
  yeah but hurricanes, 
  just fuck my eu up fam, 
  that 's funny , since the germans are fucking obsessed with the brits and british institutions . 
  go on , sit down and have a cup of earl grey . 
  i know you have some . 
  because it 's completely dumb as fuck ? 
  as the other guy said , in medals per capita grenada wins the olympics . 
  with 1 silver . 
  such a stupid way of measuring and it 's literally so people from small nations can feel good about themselves . 
  did n't it start out as an economic union ... ? 
  it 's like this . 
  i 'll use my old man as an example . 
  he wants eu migrants to leave . 
  however , he recognises that they moved here legally and they work here legally , therefore he recognises that they should be allowed to stay . 
  he does n't want them to stay , but he thinks they should be allowed to stay if they wish . 
  git gud france, 
  did i say that ? 
  i just proved you completely wrong , that 's all . 
  next time do some research and do n't spout what the guardian tells you . 
   mcdonald 's is revamping its employment policy in the uk . 
  it is offering its uk employees working on zero-hours contracts the option to shift to fixed hours . 
  the new contracts will guarantee a minimum of four hours a week , 16 hours or 30 hours . 
   mcdonald 's is revamping its employment policy in the uk . 
  it is offering its uk employees working on zero-hours contracts the option to shift to fixed hours . 
  the new contracts will guarantee a minimum of four hours a week , 16 hours or 30 hours . 
  from another article . 
   at mcdonalds , all work is scheduled in advance with no employees being `` on call '' and meets the needs of workers who desire or need a flexible schedule . 
  [ 26 ] in 2016 , the store trialled offering the chance to move off zero-hour contracts but over 80 % of staff chose to remain on them clearly they do work for some people . 
  a lot of people find zero hours contracts work for them . 
  just because some companies abuse them it does n't mean they 're all shite . 
  this is why i find it baffling when labour go `` let 's ban zero hour contracts ! '' . 
  it just loses them votes to be honest . 
  there 's always some bellend with the `` muh zero hours contracts ! '', 
  spiel every time one of these is posted . 
  yeah but we 're beating china in the olympics so it 's all good, 
  i mean fucking hell , i was flicking through the sun on the train back home and what a bloody rag . 
  literally everything seems to be blamed on a ) the younger generations , b ) immigrants or c ) the eu . 
  anyone with half a brain cell can see it 's complete twaddle . 
  for example , yesterday i read an article on a student who dropped out of his accounting job at pwc because of the stress and incredibly long hours . 
  the same article in the sun is `` durham graduate quits accounting job as it stops his partying ! '' .
