  no wonder the older generations think we 're all privileged and lazy as fuck when they read that tripe every day . 
  i think some armani products are still premium products of course . 
  the chavs tend to buy t-shirts with massive fuck-off `` armani !, 
  look at me i 'm wearing armani guys ! '', 
  logos on them . 
   especially physics degrees mfw i 'm doing physics, 
  when america sends its lobsters , they are n't sending their best, 
  probably cause a lot of them do fine art at sheffield hallam or some shit like that, 
  yeah i 've never heard this and i 'm from the uk , we 're a bunch of fatties, 
  you showed him, 
  if he 's trolling he did a good job . 
  everyone and their dog is replying to it . 
   imagine if europe had `` progressed '' to the point of everyone walking around in the nude , with translucent skin-tight clothing sounds nice , but in reality you 'd just have a load of `` naked '' fatties waddling about, 
  i 'm not a brexiteer/eurosceptic but you can do those things without the eu ... 
  well , the welsh are known for being backwards . 
  on a serious note , as a person who lives in the uk , as i said earlier the only people who believe we should remake the `` good old empire '' are oldies and the lower class rabble who vote ukip . 
  so dont give me that `` your attitudes '' shit when it 's only a minority of us who are like that . 
  it 's nationalist rhetoric like any other . 
  just because we had an empire in the past people just seem to think `` lol the uk wants to have an empire again '' . 
  and we do have nuclear missiles and hence the power to put any nation in the world in the shitter for a long time . 
  so yeah , i 'd say we 've got a bit of power . 
   the uk establishment talks as if it still were `` dat empire '' i 'm fucking sick of seeing this shit opinion from foreigners . 
  like if there 's any single phrase that instantly gets on my tits it 's `` lol brits acting like they have an empire  ) ) ) '' . 
  the only people who think that are like 80y/o + `` remember the good old days '' people, 
  as an arsenal fan , i 'm triggered, 
  `` ban the burqa ! '', 
  was a phrase that people used to take the piss out of people who had concerns about immigration . 
  now places are * actually banning the burqa * they do n't have much to say . 
  silly american , stop telling the truth, 
  in 2014 tho it was 500k nissans and about 700k italian cars . 
  still pretty embarrassing, 
  that 1 nissan factory in sunderland produces more cars than the whole of italy combined, 
  in fairness , i live in newcastle which is next to sunderland . 
  sunderland is probably one of the shittiest , poorest areas of the uk , and most residents probably get their dose of political information from rags like the sun and the mail . 
  would rather live in spain than germany tbqh fam, 
  regardless , russia has very little power aside from nuclear missiles - france and the uk both have those as well as strong economies . 
  their economy is absolutely pants and their navy rusts in the docks . 
  i do n't see why everyone views them on par with china and the usa when they 're not . 
  at least it gives time for some of us to pack up and leave, 
  yeah , but it 's a shithole , would rather live in chile or argentina probably, 
  all of those countries are shit, 
  depends where in south america, 
  spanish is probably the most important even for europeans . 
  opens up south and central america as well as spain . 
  people will want to learn it when you begin exporting more culture imo . 
  people tell us `` chinese is an important language to learn ! '', 
  but it 's hard to get into the groove when you see more french , spanish , italian media than chinese . 
  it probably is the second most important language after english mate ... 
  even without the usa i reckon english would still be a valuable language to learn - australia , nz , canada , india , many african nations and of course the uk etc, 
  you can develop a knack for guessing the calories in a meal/snack/food product . 
  i used to keep a food diary but now i have a mental encyclopedia of the calories in certain foods haha, 
  mate , do n't insult us all because of that bellend . 
  straight to the point , i like it, 
  hope they 're okay mate . 
   the metropolitan police have confirmed that up to six people were injured in the incident at russell square near the british museum jesus fucking christ , i stay at a hotel on russell square whenever i 'm in london ( which is frequently ) . 
  do n't want to try and `` make it about myself '' but it 's weird when an event like this hits close to home . 
  a brit going to romania and stealing their women ? 
  / u/trolls _ brigade is gon na be triggered, 
  you what, 
  i 've never seen someone get blown up in person , i live in europe . 
  real caliphate we have going here !, 
  lol . 
  but you repeatedly insulted me, 
   repeatedly insults someone  `` you 're the one being a bellend really . '', 
   `` you 're just some bellend '', 
  you spend every single day coming on here and shitting on the uk . 
  fuck me , get a life you twat, 
  nothing . 
  just funny , you 're probably one of those kids who has n't even finished their gcses crying over your `` destroyed future '' and who hates their country now . 
  ah , are n't you one of those bellends who changed his flag from the uk to the eu ? 
  i 've had the first recipe and it was unbearably sweet imo . 
  same in the uk `` alright mate ? '', 
  `` well no actually ... '' i do n't want to hear about your day fam, 
  christ , y' all are saltier than some premium aged italian salami, 
  / u/trolls _ brigade is perhaps the most vehemently pro-eu redditor i know . 
  stick an eu pin on hitler and he 'd probably defend him . 
  literally everybody i know has some relatives in australia and new zealand . 
  not so much the usa and canada , but still a lot . 
  i definitely feel a stronger cultural connection to fellow anglosphere nations . 
  i 'm fine with the eu , and i wished we had n't left , but the euro is such a shit idea . 
  bah gawd mate , he had a family, 
   or people who have n't integrated well stop being a mong fam, 
  the guy was talking about multiculturalism mate, 
  so what 's the situation like in spain these days ? 
  better than italy/greece ? 
  are they still in a bad way ? 
  when all of the people doing these things are foreigners or people who have n't integrated well , you ca n't say that, 
  lmao you wear a fedora dont you, 
  mate you 've opened a can of worms here, 
  well , we know what 'll happen . 
  there 'll be some economic turbulence , which / r/europe will take as literally le end of the uk , and then we 'll be alright again . 
  and money, 
  shhhhh , you ca n't post stuff like this around here !, 
  nah , but seriously , you should n't . 
  someone posted the same article yesterday and it turned into a fucking salt mine . 
  me too thanks, 
  yes, 
  nah mate , that game is iron-clad in warnings and advice, 
  it does detect pokemon at lower speeds in a car , but if you 're speeding along on a motorway you 're moving too fast for the game to spawn any pokemon . 
   by the way i also think they should strive not to spawn pokemon on railway tracks on that note , i can see how it could be dangerous .
