  i mean you need to adapt to your demand . 
  here in germany the lack of employees in the mint-areas is already noticeable . 
  so the companies are growing too fast . 
  ah ok you divided that yourself . 
  there is an own subfolder for that growth rate see my previous comment . 
  i took my stats form there . 
  i guess yours arent for constant prices . 
  not in my linked stats up there . 
  in `` growth in gdp per capita , productivity and ulc '' under `` gdp per hour worked '' . 
  and its 1,4 % for germany sorry i misread that . 
  in germany and most northern european countries the population tends to be rather old , so therefore the amount of working people will be reduced in the near future . 
  so the goal in these countries is to just keep the amount of jobs at the current level and not increase them whereas in the us the goal is to create more jobs overtime . 
  a country needs more growth to achieve the latter . 
  fair enough . 
  growth gdp per hour worked : 2009-2013 ~ ~ 2 % ~ ~ 1,4 % in germany and 1 % in the us . 
  so not really . 
  for the whole of the eurozone probably but for the northern countries not really . 
  how does it make them look better ? 
  its the same as gdp per capita but recognizes the hours worked to achieve the gdp . 
  i am sorry but thats just so subjective . 
  the only way to categories these things is through standardised tests everything else is just hearsay . 
  `` outstanding '' might be a bit of a stretch but it is certainly good look at this chart : http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/to-your-health/wp/2014/06/16/once-again-u-s-has-most-expensive-least-effective-health-care-system-in-survey/?tid=rssfeed, 
  gdp per hour worked is much better to describe the wealth of a society and all european countries arent so much worse than the us . 
  source for that : http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=pdb_lv ** edit : ** furthermore you need to keep it in perspective with the demography of a country . 
  the us needs to be approx . 
  2 % better then germany for example to generate the same growth for all people because they are so much younger . 
  a lot of older people of the former gdr are fluent in russian and might still follow russian media and so on . 
  and the polish gdp is lower than the gdp of north-rhine-westphalia . 
  and the dem . 
  kongo has around 75 mio people . 
  crazy to think about it . 
  tbh most of the private channels are hartz 4 tv . 
  do you have zdf neo on tv ? 
  it has always been like that though . 
  but they just recently started to accept the fact that they need to add english subs / do the whole production in english to get some international viewers . 
  thats partly due to the fact that the younger generation are now giving the chance to produce their own shows especially on zdf neo . 
  yeah but thats up to the legislature and not up to the car industry . 
  and the vw scandal had nothing to do with the fact that the tests in itself were badly designed / or at least badly designed for the customer . 
  yeah of course . 
  but the tests they are using are not aimed to achieve real life results but rather to make the cars etc. 
  comparable . 
  thats not how it works though . 
  there are standardized tests that the eu specifies . 
  these have very little to do with real life output . 
  thats not net-adjusted though . 
  your ppp is a lot lower, 
  us with 41 355 2 . 
  norway : 33 492 4 . 
  switzerland : 33 491 5 . 
  australia : 31 588 6 . 
  germany : 31 252 looks surprisingly good for germany tbh  source : http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=bli2014 edit : select the data for 2015, 
  that needs to be updated though . 
  germany 's number is from 2008 so immediately after the crisis . 
  i quickly edited it afterwards :d i looked at the wrong number . 
  and is around 7000 km \u00b2 smaller than the netherlands . 
  so you have a lot to catch up over there , 
  there is only the homicide division on the site so probably not . 
  yeah but facebook wasnt really that popular in germany to begin with . 
  whats app is crazy here in germany . 
  its basically dictating your social life by now because people only meet up through these groups etc. 
  i knew it was a big part of the german everyday life when my parents ( both in their mid 50 's ) started to use it exclusively to communicate with their friends like 1-2 years ago . 
  what did you expect ? 
  its the economist ... 
  worst month in 3 years for the uk as well . 
  wait his name is lord king ? 
  thats some badass name, 
  so lets say this happens . 
  what are the implications ? 
  guess so . 
  the whole sector is probably only working because of cheap seasonal workers out of eastern europe . 
  that happends when you have the most competitive discounter market in the western world . 
  aldi was a blessing for the average german consumer . 
  please remember that its in usd . 
  then it makes sense . 
  frankfurt ( afp ) - germany clocked up its highest-ever trade surplus in 2015 as both exports and imports powered ahead to new records , official data showed on tuesday . 
  german exports jumped by 6.4 percent to 1.196 trillion euros ( $ 1.3 trillion ) in the whole of 2015 and imports advanced by 4.2 percent to 948 billion euros , the federal statistics office calculated . 
  that meant that the trade surplus -- the balance between exports and imports -- grew to 247.8 billion euros , its highest-ever level , from 213.6 billion euros a year earlier , the statisticians said . 
  the trade surplus is a key gauge of an economy 's comparative strength and underlines the robustness of europe 's biggest economy amid the current global economic uncertainties . 
  german-made goods were in strong demand all over the world last year , with exports to the eu rising 7.0 percent and exports to other countries rising 5.6 percent , destatis said . 
  within the eu , exports to the eurozone climbed by 5.9 percent , while exports to european countries outside the single currency area grew by 8.9 percent . 
  in december alone , however , both exports and imports declined by 1.6 percent in calendar - and seasonally-adjusted terms , meaning that the trade surplus contracted slightly to 19.4 billion euros , destatis said . 
  honestly its a great country  most stuff here on / r/europe is just hyperbole . 
  if you have the opportunity to live here you wont regret it , 
  which politicans are whiny ? 
  basically every mainstream politican is in favour of taking in these refugees . 
  the only exception is the afd . 
  21st with 0.890  but right before france, 
  you are basically fucked now being on a shared 14th place with the uk, 
  top 10 : norway : 0.944 australia : 0.935 switzerland : 0.93 denmark : 0.923 netherlands : 0.922 germany : 0.916 ireland : 0.916 united states : 0.915 canada : 0.913 new zealand : 0.913, 
  hmm ... maybe i should learn to read , 
  average hourly wage in saxony is only around 16 euro * for a full time worker . 
  there is no real industry there and most people will move away to west germany . 
  edit : nvm, 
   we are always willing to accept more refugees , but there are n't that many of them these days besides people from ukraine . 
  the czechs are against the quota system , no ? 
  mountain-german  swamp german ? 
  have you read it ? 
  its the worst book you will ever read . 
  it even got ridiculed in nazi germany because it was so bad . 
  its just famous because hitler kind of wrote it and it got sent to every newly married couple during the nazi regime for free .
