  whats a week of potatos for you ? 
  for 3 $ you get around 6kg here in germany, 
  yeah germany is pretty recognisable . 
  you are not a native german speaker  you sound polish to me . 
  edit : nice and refreshing idea though . 
  thats the problem of a boom phase with overpaying low-skill jobs . 
  many young people go into construction for example instead of pursuing their education and now end up unemployed, 
  * you do n't dig pentalty shootouts though which is honestly the most important part and negates everything else . 
  we have [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgf6bt_drze ) vodka commercial in germany . 
  and [ that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oa29nxmv0jy ) bourbon one with mila kunis ( dubbed ) you probably know and a lot of beer commercials as well . 
  edit : they are basically everywhere on tv . 
  so according to the german single charts we currently have 5 german artists in the top 10 . 
  the rest are some widely known other acts . 
  out of these 5 i guess 3 count as summer hits : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31tiwx-8bdc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5j1rcys4r0g https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukraathtnoi, 
  or you guys finally start to get some real d\u00f6ner and then the germans with turkish background are on their way to world domination . 
  am not sure what counts as an attack though, 
  but this time in a fiscal union  and you guys have to pay the soli as well :d, 
   i also hate commies . 
  yeah fuck them . 
  i 've heard they are ugly , fat and overall emotionally stunned . 
  and furthermore with a fiscal union the ez would need more political power and oversight . 
  let 's see how that would work out with all the `` muh sovereignity '' screams floating around . 
  you know that the ez grew as much as the uk in the last quater ? 
  and the economic situation has brightened up significantly over the course of the last year . 
  sry for the german definition but its better . 
  how the hell are we 2nd ? 
  we have power without using our economy ? 
  because companies will hold back on investments . 
  nope politics is about compromises nobody cares that people are happy . 
  the greek wanted to stay part of the ez . 
  the other countries wanted them to reform for them to stay in , so the agreement took place . 
  its always been like this though hasnt it ? 
  thats how politics work . 
  its even the case between german states . 
  you have to find the point where you are able to reach a compromise , which doesnt mean to reach a solution everybody is happy with but to find one where the advantages surpass the disadvantages . 
  thats exactly what happened with this agreement concerning greece . 
  germans want hardline though  look at the approval ratings of sch\u00e4uble and merkel . 
  merkel has always tried to rather reach a compromise . 
  merkel 's reputation will never be damaged . 
  its an important factor 10 for all sorts of things . 
  the same with meters with mm - cm - dm - m . 
  in times were the soli is already a huge problem between german states i doubt there is anywhere near enough political will for a fiscal union . 
   will learn that you ca n't negotiate with the eu and that their only hope for a return to democracy and growth is to leave the euro . 
  your wording is a bit edgy then, 
  spain is just growing the heck out of everyone else though . 
  you read the comment sections of newspapers ? 
  what i tried to say was that its better for the ez politically to solve this crisis fast  not that it will be strong than it is now . 
   it will not make the ez stronger politically honestly i think the faster the whole greece issue is solved in either direction the stronger will the ez be politically . 
  what ? 
  i know that another crisis is eventually inevitable . 
  all i said was that we already have decent economic growth in the ez the only thing that is holding us back is the uncertainty with greece . 
  its probably against the values of the `` ever closer union '' but a grexit would make the ez a lot more stable in the long run at least economically . 
  we already have good economic growth in the eurozone though . 
  that 0,4 % first quater was alright . 
  the only country that contradicted was greece, 
  what can i say am that kinda person  cloudy 15 \u00b0 c best weather, 
  i guess we will get it eventually . 
  but if its demanded by the eu i 'd imagine that cdu/csu will riot . 
   adopt more ambitious product market reforms with a clear timetable for implementation of all oecd toolkit i recommendations , including sunday trade , sales periods , over-the-counter pharmaceutical products , pharmacy ownership , milk , bakeries . 
  on the follow-up of the oecd toolkit ii , manufacturing needs to be included in the prior action ; when the eu would demand from germany to implement sunday trade people would go nuts . 
  been there last year and had a blast . 
  friendly people and my type of weather . 
  loved it !, 
  when i have enough of germany ireland would probably be one of the 5 or so countries i would consider moving to . 
  i have seen this question at least ten times now on reddit . 
  is it really that hard to understand that you are not proud about certain aspects of your countries history ? 
  house isolation is key in germany  i am sitting here inside at around 22c and its 34c outside without ac . 
  why family disposable income though ? 
  personal disposable income would be better to measure the wealth of `` average '' citizens http://uk.businessinsider.com/disposable-income-infographic-2015-3?r=us granted not median but average i believe . 
  and when looking at monthly disposable income it all looks pretty equal : http://uk.businessinsider.com/disposable-income-infographic-2015-3?r=us i would take all of those sources including mine with a grain of salt . 
  especially since the household income is not adjusted for how many people live in a household . 
  op why didnt you use the newest data ? 
  euro . 
  greece has 303,0 milliarden usd . 
  yeah you are right maybe i should have read the whole thread  have a nice day . 
  than look at this http://www.pewresearch.org/files/2014/10/wage_stagnation2.png source : http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2014/10/09/for-most-workers-real-wages-have-barely-budged-for-decades/ maybe you 've had a considerably higher wage growth pre 2000 though idk . 
  edit :  since 2000 , usual weekly wages have fallen 3.7 % ( in real terms ) among workers in the lowest tenth of the earnings distribution , and 3 % among the lowest quarter . 
  but among people near the top of the distribution , real wages have risen 9.7 % . 
  http://www.advisorperspectives.com/dshort/charts/census/household-income.html?household-incomes-mean-real.gif look at this graph . 
  you clearly see , that the mean household income for the lower quintils stayed the same . 
  edit : source : http://www.advisorperspectives.com/dshort/updates/household-income-distribution.php, 
  so germany has seen no real wage growth . 
  which was by the way kind of planned . 
  and the whole eurozone has therefore had no increase of quality of life . 
  so with the uk and the us having seen no wage growth in the middle class as well . 
  they are failed projects too ? 
   while in norway people might casually buy a tesla , due to having more wealth , in most other countries it 's more of a premium car , with the additional issue that germans really like their local brands . 
  plus people who can afford to buy a 65k euro car are for the most part older than 45 or 50 . 
  this is probably a peers group which is not prone to buy a new fancy car but something more reliable . 
  so you pay 65k euro and have to wait 30 min to drive 270 km ? 
  i mean the e-car thing is nice and all but come on . 
  i was like wait ? 
  what ? ... 
  gpb lost 11 % against the dollar as well . 
  but apple looses all its competitivness on the eurozone market . 
  so they need to adjust too . 
  you can just settle anywhere in the eu you want . 
  thats why we need the eu , 
  the plans are there but the implementation is lacking . 
  yes for macroeconomists .
