vw was already going down the toilet as it was . 
  in the us surely because vw had one record year after another recently . 
  the states were never really important for vw as far as i know . 
  and will get no welfare here and will get deported asap when found . 
   a house , health insurance and bills paid by the government + 10 euros/day is something hundreds of thousands here would absolutely take any day of the week . 
  yeah i got 11 euros an hour working as a school student with 15 years of age . 
  the realities are just very different . 
  yeah you got me . 
  i am sure arguments will change you opinion . 
  yeah france is a shithole compared to glorious romania . 
  it really is . 
  i hope you guys wont end up the same way . 
  yeah lets see . 
  the first turks came to germany in the 1960s . 
  the last 50 years in this country were really , really bad i give you that . 
  not only did they help to build this country up again but invented our national dish . 
  they have been the worst . 
  weird that its always the countries that have no muslims whatsoever, 
  apparently . 
  lets hope you get your borders close asap . 
  we need some pressure on hungary for them to accept the quota system, 
  saxony is considering to close the border to the czech republic as well . 
  west germany is a bit richer the old east is poorer . 
   a ) encouraging people to migrate en masse to germany only increases amount of people that will do so . 
  eventually smugglers will even lower the price , so more and more people could afford to be transported/smuggled . 
  this lead to even more deaths in the process of migration . 
  agreed . 
  the influx of people should be limited . 
  but those countries that get the most illegal asylum seekers due to geographic approximity should be helped with a quota system . 
  italy and greece are currently overrun . 
   b ) the same encouragement is not only german burden , but european burden . 
  we are being forced to distribute them in europe ( which , in theory , is n't such a bad idea ) . 
  irresponsibility of german leaders threatens our union . 
  if it was agreed on , there would be no problem - people would be displeased , but some decisions will always be unpopular . 
  but inviting immigrants/refugees without consulting other countries - especially those that are in between , like bulgaria , hungary , czechia and slovakia , is dangerous as a factor weakening the union . 
  i dont get this argument . 
  no one is inviting them . 
  its just that they seek more money / a better ( in their favour ) asylum system . 
  germany should not stop treating them as humans just because the poorer countries are not as attractive . 
  and who is weakening the union in the first place ? 
  its too much hyperbole for me . 
   if someone is an economic migrant , he/she should register in his country in an eu member state embasssy and come here legally . 
  unless there is no embassy left . 
  like in syria . 
  what are they supposed to do ? 
   any person that is found on the territory of the eu that is an economic migrant and do not have proper paperwork should be deported asap . 
  only refugees should be distributed and housed by the eu . 
  but again - if they come here illegaly , they should n't be treated differently than , let 's say , ukrainian fleeing donbas . 
  any person should be treated equaly . 
  ukrainians are no better than any other refugee fleeing from war . 
  economic migrants are / or will get deported . 
   one more thing - we have schengen , so refugees housed in any country that is n't germany , uk or sweden , will try to flee to one of those countries . 
  and we have examples of that already . 
  once they are registered in a european country . 
  they will get deported back to that country asap when they are found somewhere else . 
  they wont get anything in germany / sweden . 
  they may live here on the street for eternity but its more possible that they will get found and send back to their country . 
   and we have examples of that already . 
  source please . 
  and even if that would be the case . 
  it should be even better for the countries which are currently opposing the quota because they would need to care about less people . 
  so you are just talking out of your ass ? 
  they wont get any welfare in any other eu country and they will get deported asap . 
  its all just a lazy way of saying that you dont want to get any asylum seekers . 
   it sounds like a concentration camp . 
  or you know like the thing that every country in the eu is already doing with their asylum seekers ? 
  so thats germanys fault now that people cant understand the language ? 
  the quota system would be really good to reduce the number of people coming to the eu as economic migrants . 
  because you might get sent to ( no offense ) romania or hungary as a refugee . 
  i really dont know why everybody on here is against it . 
   what he is telling you is , that these immigrants wo n't stay here . 
  i dont get this argument . 
  we are talking about 120000 asylum seekers which are currently in italy and greece . 
  so with the quota you get some of them and register them in your country and urge them to stay in the country . 
  when they are found in another country later on they will get deported back because they are registered . 
   issue is germany loses moral high ground here and it showed it 's no better . 
  it was just supposed to be a sneaky remark  it should just expose the hypocritical behaviour some of our fellow redditors ( me included ) show on this sub . 
  i was no way saying that germany is right on this topic . 
   perhaps they could consider the rest of europe before they invite the whole third world to trample across europe . 
  same old same old with this sub right ? 
  people claiming to quote merkel and have n't even read her german sentence . 
  but just follow the circlejerk , 
  and you wonder why germany shows no `` solidarity '' with the pipeline . 
  the same way germany is disappointed with the way the eastern european countries are handling the asylum quota i assume . 
   ireland has shaken off the malaise in the global economy , by posting remarkably strong growth figures . 
  irish gdp jumped by 1.9 % during the quarter , meaning the economy grew by a stonking 6.7 % over the last year . 
  ireland 's gnp , or gross national product , also rose by 1.9 % quarter-on-quarter , and was 5.3 % higher year-on-year . 
  gnp strips out the impact of multinational companies , so is a better guide to the underlying health of the economy . 
  souce : http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2015/sep/10/markets-bank-of-england-interest-rates-live, 
  yeah you would think we are all doomed for eternity . 
  how the heck are we ( germany ) higher than the netherlands or norway ? 
  edit : thanks to you op for the effort though, 
  was redstn oida, 
  no they cant be picky about the country of destination when they are registered . 
   anyway , its a cheap journey from here to germany . 
  once they are registered in portugal they are only eligible for stuff in portugal . 
  they wont get anything in germany so why should they come here ? 
  and austria . 
  but not because its cheaper only because they have no numerus clausus . 
  40 % are from the balkans though .
