   how about first finding a unified migrant law , making sure deportation does actually work not just on paper , so we can take genuine refugees ? 
  agreed . 
   setting up humane refugee camps close to syria ( we could help a lot more people not just those who could afford a trip to europe ) , whats closer to syria to you ? 
  turkey and lebanon are already swamped woth refugees and the conditions there are getting worse and worse each day . 
   setting up legal routes in syria so the most vulnerable can be helped ( children , women etc. , ) . 
  agreed . 
  but its very hard to have an embassy in a country with civil war zones . 
  and when your capacities are really limited due to flights etc. 
  thats basically the same thing the uk is doing by taking in 20000 people until 2020 . 
  which is a laughable amount . 
   perhaps even try and push saudi arabia to help with the burden ( wishful thinking i know ) . 
  never going to happen, 
  what do you thing will happen when slovenia builds a fence and statrs to not let people through ? 
  the refugees will be in crotia with nowhere to go . 
  it will probably be a situation similar to calais in the near future . 
   our politicians already said it wont work why implement it ? 
  its settled then  our politicians said it will work ... so ? 
   so we get sanctions if these people decide to leave , cuz trust me we will get blaimed either way . 
  who the heck cares if they get blamed when its the best thing to do ? 
   we want to find a resolution to this problem , however , the quota system will not solve it , why not sit down and actually look for a real solution that would perhaps help the whole of europe ? 
  so what would be your solution ? 
  doing a australia and pay some shady governments to not care about the refugees ? 
  just let build fences and let them starve in croatia and serbia in the winter ? 
  or just keep on not registering people / provide busses to bring them to your border and hope they will disappear to germany ? 
   i think people forget that those migrants / refugees do not want to come to eastern europe , what are we supposed to do have them locked up so they ca n't leave to germany ? 
  or have them under complete surveillance so they do n't leave ? 
  so whats the problem ? 
  you agree to the quota system and just let all people beg in germany . 
  its basically a win-win for you because you dont need to pay them and dont want them . 
  thats certainly going to happen though . 
   beware that no eu country need any new workers , certainly not germany . 
  come on man at least try to read stuff up ... 
  yeah i know  that wasnt his question though . 
  the real number is way higher . 
  edit : the number is misleading though , see below, 
  so all refugees that have been registered in a safe country after october 21st will be send back except when they did so in greece ? 
  did i get that right ? 
  thats a surprisingly well done article , especially with the videos . 
   do n't let the door hit you on the way out . 
  let 's see how competitive the uk is without the eu , let 's see how the uk enjoys that lower standard of living which is so standard of the conservative party , let 's see how you like becoming just a smaller , poorer , worse version of the us with all the same idiotic laws and pro-business , anti-worker . 
  thats all a tad hyperbolic . 
  but its probably true that an eu exit wouldnt be benifical for the uk economy . 
  it might be for the people though because of more wage growth etc. 
  it could hurt london a lot but the other regions might profit . 
  and they somehow managed to spin it around as a bad thing , 
   i do n't really see how the censoring of porn to be family-friendly is somehow the same as censoring opinions that are deemed `` problematic '' . 
  are nipples more dangerous for kids than hate speech related comments now ? 
  i agree nothing should be banned / censored . 
  but that should includes all topics and not some handpicked ones because of cultural preferences . 
  its totally normal to show nipples in public here so they should never be censored on facebook either . 
  its that distinction that is the photographers intention . 
  otherwise there should be a safe-mode for hate-speech as well . 
  so you agree with the photographer ? 
  censor everything offensive or nothing at all, 
  its not really `` turks '' though  rather a more hateful term, 
   but i really do n't see how it 's their job to censor stuff that might offend some people . 
  nipple should be fine then ? 
  because they censor them all day , all night, 
  most of these open apprenticeship are for jobs which pay rather poorly and you need a minimum amount of education . 
  like cook / baker / haircutters etc. 
  refugees are easily able to get into that after a year of learning the language or just speaking broken english . 
  germany 's is way past that as well , austria reached its point around 2012 . 
  i dont think the way the uk handled things was necessarily better . 
  the eurozone countries are just too different to use a specific way out of a crisis . 
  didnt the uk 's gdp per capita reach its pre-crisis level like three months ago ? 
  yeah sorry you are right next time you `` push for your own interests '' we decide to go nazi-mode again . 
  so please dont do it . 
  are you really surprised that germany is pursuing its own interests ? 
  thats how the world works honey . 
   all while forbiding bulgaria to do the same gas deal , that was the eu and not germany though . 
  it seems to be about time that you push more for your own interests apparently . 
   the leader of europe should be able to stand for the people . 
  yeah the fucking government and not merkel . 
  and it is protecting the german energy stability . 
  they are not elected to provide this stability for ee and probably could not care less . 
   merkel diktats leading the europe . 
  merkel has fuck all to do with it though . 
  its a buisness decision from companies . 
   germany is screwing over all the eastern european countries if this deal goes through . 
  and you guys are screwing us over with the refugees . 
  so we are even ? 
  because the ba uses another method to calculate the unemployment . 
  yeah but especially in this scene so much can change in two years . 
  with berlin probably having the fastest growing start up scene in the world right now . 
   exit value grew much faster in the top european ecosystems than the top ecosystems in the u.s. : 4.1 x europe versus 1.5 x u.s. ( 2012-2014 ) , yet in 2014 the volume of exits was still on average 82 % higher in american startup ecosystems than in european ecosystems . 
  http://blog.startupcompass.co/the-2015-global-startup-ecosystem-ranking-is-live/ thats hardly a recession for me . 
  that report is a year old . 
  and that map is from 2013 though, 
  we have 9 neighbours hence its hard to pick one and it really depends on where you live in germany . 
  austria , switzerland , luxembourg and the netherlands in no particular order . 
  they are all quite similar to germany . 
   world leading on average as a phrase doesnt make any sense . 
  we probably have a different understanding of what `` world leading university system '' means . 
  no doubt that oxford is above every dutch uni . 
  but the worst dutch uni is way ahead of the respective one in the uk . 
  for me the last thing is more important to define the worlds best system . 
  so their unis are world leading on average ? 
  whats world leading for you ? 
  having 3 very good univeristies and 20 mediocre ones ? 
  thats not what i was implying .
