  this is how we see europ\u00e4ische kommission in poland - group of corrupted politicians implementing obscure agenda . 
  just tbc : as far as i know it was not massive occurrence . 
  i understand your point of view and would argue about this `` regressivenes '' , but now i am completly dejected . . 
  sorry to write that , but france was used to be called first daughter of the church . 
  now it is first courtesan of islam and seems to be happy about that ... now i 'm waiting for minuses for writing down the truth . 
  i feel like we are looking for answers , without knowing the question . 
  maybe the first question should consider the reasons . 
  and i think we are the reason - we , who bombed all way through arabic countries and put them into poverty and chaos . 
  shit , i just received info about your reply o.o so : - we have about 17th biggest army in the world ( possibly even better than germans ) . 
  - dealling with assad and ghadaffi by us caused imigrants problems , so you are guilty for this , not these countries . 
  - coastline and the sea are not the only places , where you can resolve the problem . 
  - army should be always used to defend countries borders , not to attack others , like you americans do . 
  - poland should be written with capital letter . 
  fuck special laws for lgbtxs, 
  thanks , that will be helpful for my uk travelling this summer . 
   schulz said that the spirit of europe `` may have to be imposed by force '' . 
   eu blackmailed greece to accept the terms of its bailout  eu wanted to flood poland with refugees . 
   tusk tried to cover up knowledge of a financial scam in poland . 
   eu election procedures were less transparent than vatican conclaves . 
   jean-claude juncker was mixed up in a tax scandal in luxembourg which of these are not true ? 
  lol , i 'm pis supporter and i why should i not publicly say so ? 
  is it such a disgrace on r/europe to support pis , or maybe it is even banned ... ? 
  also let me tell you , only so called ` warszawka ' and higher class in bigger cities backs up opposition here . 
  pis support is about 35-40 % . 
  opposition do n't have strong leaders with any vision . 
  the only thing they can offer is ` administering ' - also the only thing tusk and po did for last 8 years in poland . 
  now if you mix up this ` doing nothing ' with their enormous levels of arrogance , you may see that there is no one who can compete with kaczy\u0144ski . 
  which is bad also in my opinion , as there always should be alternative . 
  after 8 years of tusk and po government , liberal poles are strongly demotivated , they do n't involve , only criticize pis . 
  i do n't like tusk , but he is not doing bad in the eu . . 
  i think it 's better if he stays in the council . 
  i just feel we all have generation of only administrative-technocrat politicians . . no leaders with big strategic vision , maybe except merkel, 
  [ this is utterly perfect ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vzdq4sy.png ), 
  assuimg his views are ridiculous , could we agree it is his still right to speech . . ? 
  he was countered quite well . 
  i agree , center is the ` right ' way ; but although i 'm also strongly pro-eu , it really confuses me it abandons ancient culture , philosophy and christianity , a foundaments on which it is built . 
  now it is difficult to be pro-eu conservative ( even though my generation was learnt in schools , europe grown on greek relation to the truth , the principles of roman law and christian ethics ) . 
  that 's one of our problems , we are quite divided for this left-and-right wings and we downgrade our common goals . 
  that is one of my favourite r/europe comments, 
  indication that we attacked belarus , which is russian ally , and in the worst case - russian agression . 
  in numbers and relative strength we lose , but not significantly . 
  also it is said german army gets soft obviously it does n't imply , it ca n't become major power quickly . 
  [ german military has experience in it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jdiqpup.mp4 ) . 
  this comment must had happened, 
  we have similar military power as germany now we have common military interests only with baltic states , romania , maybe nordic states and , lets say , usa . 
  germany is interested * just * in peace and trade ( which is obviously great ) , but wo n't engage in any conflict . 
  you know , this is what is called being a christian , * in basics *, 
  3-4 submarines with long range ballistic missiles would be enough for deterrence purposes . 
  it would allow anyone to block whole gulf of finland , petersburg area , and to cut them off from the west . 
  we need them , but later . 
  now we have problem with securing kaliningrad ( long range artillery and rocket artillery ) , although it is somehow managed ; and with lack of deterrence possibilities ( submarines ) . 
  unfortunately we will need more f-16 / ( f-32 ? ), 
  soon and new jasm , and this should also be priority . 
  unfortunately our government plans to buy helicopters first . 
  in my opinion securing kaliningrad and deterrence possibilities are more important than helping individuals ... helicopters also play smaller role in ukraine ( they are easy targets on modern warfare and are mainly used at the back of the lines ) . 
  but obviously , we will need them , sooner than later . 
  maybe not in that numbers . 
  it is always interesting to watch what lukashenko will do . 
  although he ca n't go full retard against russia . 
  he can play with eu to some point , but breaking with putin would put him under russian and his own people total pressure . 
  he has no other allies ; common interests only with ukraine , baltics states , poland , ( and nordic states a little ) . 
  anyway , i think in the end he will agree to almost everything putin tells him , by the way picking up a little perk from eu . 
  the thing with `` polish incursions in belarus '' may be used in many different ways . 
  * btw . 
  : *  i really wish we had someone like him in 90s . 
  * you mean austria ? 
  why ? 
  yeah , just like gleiwitz incident was about poland attacking nazi german, 
  although it is ' a detail ' that poland does n't need helicopters now ( more rocket military and submarines ) , i agree . 
  maybe we will learn something from that another crisis - like consolidation . 
  it is . 
  it is also related to many , many others crude `` misunderstandings '' between putin and lukashenko , that we observe here recently . 
  in my opinion lukashenko is coming to the point , where he has to make some tough decisions . 
  context :  senior officials have been soliciting guidance from national security agencies on how to improve relations with russia , ** asking what washington could offer moscow ** and what trump should seek from russian president vladimir putin . 
  tillerson requested a briefing on moving the u.s. embassy in israel from tel aviv to jerusalem , one of trump 's campaign promises . 
  but anyway , do you imply that  the president is an easily controlled fool, 
  in two ways : - deutch resentiments - missing the names , so that the people view the history in way they want . 
  that death camps were polish , malborg german , etc. . . 
   marienburg german death camps ? 
  why is he making eu a whipping boy . . ? 
  start conquering dutch fortresses , they said . 
  you will have fun , they said . 
  i really like greek passport, 
  i ca n't stand this guy , as he attacked our government in such boorish way , i even started to doubt in eu . 
  not at all , usa returns to normality , maybe someday eastern europe will . . holy church is guarantor of our culture , our heritage , our freedom and our states . 
  yep , we already saw that killing catholic priests is what french and terrorists like to do . 
  there is no such thing as separation of church and state . 
  holy church is mainstay of our culture , our heritage , our states . 
  you can deny it for as long as you want to , but this is just falsehood . 
  you do n't need to , kremlin cuts it on the first `` protest '', 
   only the village/poor/uneducated people export them selves to the uk that 's absolutely true , thanks to this our safety levels also go high :d, 
  our infrastructure is shitty because of german complete destruction of our country in wwii . 
  your gay money will not compensate this in next 50 years . 
  furthermore , your access to our free market gives you much more money than structural and investment funds gives us . 
  but i understand your exasperation . 
  i 'm also fed up with eu degenration , with all your gays and pedophiles protection policy , with lack of respect for our culture , with your political correctness and lack of freedom . 
   granting same-sex couples the same rights as heterosexual ones when it comes to marriage and adoption . 
   that 's disgusting, 
  examples, 
   in pagan times lol :d,
