only over ` murican dead body , 
  it is very significant how they lease european/australian ports for exactly 99 years ... just like jiaozhou bay during chinese ` century of humiliation ', 
  did he really has to mention , that it was sarcasm ? 
   they do n't tell the judges how to vote theoretically they do n't but they may suggest something . 
  the stake is too high . 
  i do n't know why , but i have a * feel * , this is uk government play to remain . 
  this * feel * is based on some facts however . 
  well , it is not that butthurted as before . 
  do n't make us such a stiffs . 
  maybe in your country , where the more degenerated idea is , the better . 
  well , maybe because europe is gay and it is more concerned about homosexuals than normal families and european heritage . 
  when it is said out loud , you are shouted down ( or minused , 
   if baltic states or poland are attacked , the usa and any other nato country will move swiftly to defend these countries . 
  lol , will they ? 
  did you learn history ? 
  or you are so sure about nato help ? 
  do you think greeks or hispanic will send some divisions ? 
  or perhaps germany , whose army does not exist ? 
  let me give you a hint : before wwii we were at least so certain about our allies help , as today we believe in nato . 
  automatically i thought about all that blondes . . nahh , 
  from nazi to commie , good progress , 
  oh come on guys , we ca n't force russia by international pressures , by sanctions , by aggressive twitts , and definetly not by use of force ... just let them take syria , georgia , ukraine , baltic states , poland , scandinavia ... who cares, 
  you 're welcomed . 
  i 'm not worried . 
  security is not gained by being likeable , but by common interests ( greatly simplifying ) . 
  for example germans did n't allow us troops pass along their territory to maneuvers in poland - even when germans loved us so much during previous gov. 
  why ? 
  because german interests start to be contrary to us interests . 
  proofs are good for courts and judges , in politics there are intelligence operations , secrecy and we ( citizens ) know just a little what is going on . 
  effectiveness is the key , so if we stopped russian plans by making it public , we should be happy . 
  otherwise , yes , we are little compromised . . 
  it does n't have to fight , it will poison everything around :d seriously , it is a miracle this old cadaver did n't sink yet . 
  just 3 months ago i read an article , that the wreck is going to be repaired for next 2 years , as the only danger it poses , is a danger to its own crew . 
  or maybe they want to repair it during the naval missions :d . 
  and you know that because ... ? 
  because russians said so ? 
  or because you do n't respect anything our government say ? 
  stop apologizing for being alive , like previous gov did . 
  make them speak ` murican, 
   uk will remain at centre of eu decision-making until brexit especially that the most important meetings are held among 27 countries already :d, 
  ehh is it not possible to initate a50 against uk by eu ? 
  it is getting annoying . 
   `` if the eu were to fall apart , that would be a lot worse for our industry . '', 
  nobody noticed , but this is really worrisome , that significant person said it directly : /, 
  but he is not a soldier ( i assume ) , so why would he go to war ? 
  you know , we have professional armies now . 
  trade and sanctions are worth nothing with ` rimland ' countries - they can persevere in poverty for decades . 
  good for france . 
  police says it was 25k , organizers estimate much more , so maybe there was even 50k . 
  they want bigger yuan participation in sdr 2 . 
  some time ago they started to undermine dollar 's position 3 . 
  they want to subordinate kacapia in any way 4 . 
  they are playing to calm down kacapia , as new silk road goes mainly through their territory . 
  they know that best way to keep them quiet is to have infuence on them . 
  i remember this guy . 
  sometimes he says clever things . 
  unfortunately , talking is his only skill . 
  i love that moment , when leftists tell me how i 'm indoctrinated , just after i revealed their lies and propaganda  . 
  calm your language . 
  the fact that you are losing the discussion ( and political support polls ) does not entitle you to be coarse . 
  in my opinion ppl who signed pro-abortion crap had no idea what they were signing , lol , those are mastermind arguments . 
  i was also asking in my post  . 
  but now and then german industry was pushing its government against brits - then to gain some control over sea communication and trade lines ; now to take over london city ( move some of its companies to frankfurt as i read ) . 
  i 'm not great at geopolitics , but does it not begin to look like situation before the great war ( and its runoff - wwii ), 
  lies . 
  liberalization project was signed by 215k people , ordo iuris proposal - 460k . 
   no one really voted for kaczynski shit post - kaczynski had 2nd highest score - 230k voters . 
  lying is n't better than propaganda . 
  do n't you reduce whole situation to black & white by saying so?erdgoan has massive support among the turks , so we ca n't call him ` dictator ' . 
  i think this is , unfortunately , the mark of our times ... and we have to deal with it somehow, 
  at a synagogue ? 
  you probably ca n't connect simple facts . 
  one of which is that jews do n't kill people in terrorist attacks . 
  some people just wait for provocation . 
  you know , like joining or leaving eu ? 
  that 's something that is beyond / r/europe ( and most of `` so democratic '' west ) understanding . 
  they just ca n't accept that most of us have traditional values and that we are catholics . 
  if pis wins next election ( they have majority in surveys ) we should be bombed or something . 
  that 's the post i 've been waiting for so long . 
  these are all things that west fights with - and that would be great , if we exclude from that list christian religion , cornerstone of our civilisation . 
  they always had lot of negative voters , as well as huge amount of core voters . 
  btw . 
  pro-life supporters gathered 460k signs for their project , the opposition only 280k . 
  at the same time pro-life supporters have 450k signatures approving this project ( baby killers only 260k ) . 
  lol , if eu do anything to us , we just leave it and it this could be final step to eu end . 
  poland is not small country that you can f * ck with like you did with 9mln hungary . 
  if we set restrictions on eu products and services you are totally blocked on the east . 
  polish society elected pis and you must accept it . 
  btw : it always made me surprised why there is almost no communication and coexistance between white and blue collars in england . 
  it 's like they avoid and despise each other ( maybe too big word , but that 's how i saw it ) . 
  lol you can easily skip this article as it is posted in gazeta wyborcza , which is main anti-government propaganda  . 
  also the article does n't come from czech newspaper , but is written by journalist from this newspaper  . 
  don ; t get yourself manipulated . 
  thank you very much for that post . 
  truth about the church is still being defiled on r/europe, 
   anti-migrant how can you be `` anti-migrant '' anyway ? 
  there are internal eu procedures regarding migration and they were broken in first place by germans . 
  together with v4 we stick to them , protecting eu borders . 
  that is unfortunately true - their economy is based on military and wheat . 
  are n't you too heroic ?
