  but not every training facilities are adjusted to fight off russians :d, 
  lol , if russia attack us , nobody , maybe except scandinavians ( and * maybe * us ) , would move a finger to help us . 
  do you think we do n't know the history ? 
  about helping greece you were replied - if german chancellor asks economic migrants to come to ue , how you want us to help - also by telling them to come ? 
  that is next step of the evolution , 
  we do n't really have many other options . 
  ~ 20 years in history is not a lot , it 's not even one generation . 
  we are going through crisises now , but we can possibly handle them . 
  that 's how projects are managed - from issue to issue . 
  uk was always half-heartedly in ue , furthermore nothing seems they really want to exit . . , 
  kinda yes , but only ` kinda ' ( i really hate that word . . ) . 
  you ca n't have everyting at once . 
  if we want to transform from confederation to federation later ( i assume we want to ) this transformation must take some time . 
  during that time you take some powers from countries , you shape society , and you hope nothing will blow in your face . 
  at least that 's how i see it . 
  robot it was , 
  first - confederation . 
  than we can go further ( like in 50-150 years . . ? ), 
  it 's good that some of us here * feel * more europeans than germans/french/poles etc. 
  but this is just beginning . 
  several generations must pass away , before it will be common ( my english here probably sucks , sorry : / ), 
  just want to mention , if someone needs to shout how poles are anti-european : poland ( also actual government ) is for confederation , for stronger europe , with common goals and equal chances ( without this strong cores , peripheries , half-peripheries etc ) . 
  as i live in poland , i do n't see it . 
  nothing changes in that matter for about 8 years - then we became most surveillanced nation in europe . 
  but again , i 'm just a normal citizen , so it does n't really affect me . 
  but is it not a trend across whole europe ? 
  maybe there were some problems with previous government , when patriotic/nationalist demonstrations had problems with police ( in my opinion both sides were guilty ) . 
  but now every demonstration is calm and police is bored on them - no matter what values they represent ( patriotic , anti-gov , lgbti , whatever ) . 
  little things matter - i can wear my chrisitian jewellery , and this is not a crime ( offence ? ), 
  like in some european countries . 
  but he was criticizing putin , was n't he ? 
  if you need it in the article , here you go : [ shchetinin called vladimir putin his personal enemy and criticized ` fascist dictatorship ' established in russia by putin ] ( http://en.censor.net.ua/photo_news/403377/russian_journalist_alexander_shchetinin_found_dead_in_kyiv_photos ), 
  i just wonder - 200 officers imply how many expected terrorists ? 
  was n't that chancellor merkel telling them without any permissions , to come to ue ? 
  here in poland we see him as leftist populist that lost his mind ( comparing poland to putins russia , threats , invectives about us ) . 
  btw : is it just my feeling , that the number of threads concerning poland has greatly increased recently ? 
  world is strange place nowadays : trump , farage , schulz , wilders ... , 
  this could be evolutionary process : more responsibility for eu army comes with less responsibility for nato . 
  us is far away from us and their troops ca n't get to poland in any way if we are in trouble ( baltic is a dead zone , and germans often prevent us troops passage ), 
  he did n't forget anything , he just builds his support playing on the lowest emotions . 
  just like n. farage . 
  it is just another step of politics trumpimisation . 
  maybe it gets sophisticated only for us ? 
  maybe in 20-30 years you will be totally lost in technology ( as i see 12-years old children programming software , i think this will be usual skill , just like using windows today ) ? 
  being united despite our differences is obviously main condition of our success . 
  i want to believe , that we can achieve it ... 
  but there are many more problems . 
  nope , soviets invaded poland in 1939 starting ii ww together with hitler , and killed up to 3 millions polish citizens in years 1939-56 . 
  also russian soldiers participated in pacification of warsaw ( for example ss rona - russian soldiers under nazi leadership ), 
  well , maybe not , but at least there are decissions . 
  before the schock , western europe was toothless . 
  you are mixing too many subjects . 
  we do n't have any inferiority complex , we just know how the reality looks like and we know history - russia almost always was and still is unpredictable country , that invades its neigbours when it feels ` threatend ' . 
  germany did n't invade it 's neighbours for 70 years - russia does it all the time . 
  i do n't know a lot about your inferiority complexes , but for sure you lack knowledge about history and about current reality . 
  you can call it `` mindless fear '' or any other invectives , but please , do n't tell me , that border relations have major impact on geopolitics or kremlins decissions . 
  every russian neigbour is potentially in danger , as this country is unpredictable , invaded chechnya , georgia and ukraine , and the only branch of the state , which was not affected by budget cuts , was the military . 
  but your border relations are more important . 
  yeah , working relations , managing the border , just like before this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/winter_war, 
  that is the only proper relation you can have with russian - total separation . 
  yep , i wanted to describe it just like you did , but there was not enough space , so i chose something touchy :p hm i 'm not convinced to think that human is irrelevant and petty . 
  possibly we are just on the beggining of our journey . 
  obviously we like to think of ourselfes as a final and best version of the evolution , but our christian faith tells us , we got lot to learn and lot to achieve , and we need huge amounts of humbleness . 
  we are still type 0 - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kardashev_scale#current_status_of_human_civilization , 
  almost 20 % of population was killed , every city in ruin , than soviet occupation came ... really tough times, 
  this poll is bullshit created by leftist newsweek agenda . 
  no reasonable man reads polish newsweek . 
  you probably have no idea what are you talking about  . 
  due to this eu agency , poland is one of the safest countries in europe for women - http://fra.europa.eu/sites/default/files/fra-2014-vaw-survey-at-a-glance_en_0.pdf . 
  poland is the only european country , where homosexualism was never banned . 
  what do you mean ? 
  russian cynicisms never change ... why they just ca n't leave other nations alone , but must keep expandind all the time . . 
  is there anything ` chrisitian ' in cdu/csu , except the name ? 
   serius question, 
  west increases the economic distance between them and poland , perspectives are not ok : /, 
  no they are not , they have own ideas on european integration ( confederation instead of federation ), 
  it is not west russian . 
  they are belarussians , nation with different history , own culture and own heritage ( as far as i know , they share some commonwealth traditions or even feel as lithuanian successors - need belarussian to confirm , i think it is complicated ) . 
  probably even their origins are different , as russians are mongols/bit slavs and belarussians are slavs . 
  do you know any moment ( even in the history ) , when we had a normal relations ? 
  i do n't  . 
  it does n't matter . 
  it just should be done . 
  yes , because referendum was illegeal , russian troops on crimea were illegal and whole thing is one big russian fraud . 
  but obviously you will say , it does n't matter , because what matter is people 's voice . 
  that 's good , because someday we should make similar referendums in all russian republics . 
  then we have civil war , 
  in 4 months new ct chairman will be chosen , and i think that pis is waiting for that moment . 
  quite few people ? 
  it is like 30 % . 
  nobody knows what happened there . 
  it begins to sound just like north korea threats , 
  we do not even know what crimeans want , as there were no objective observers ( un , ue , osce , even \u0421\u041d\u0413 ( !! ) ), 
  on so-called ` crimean referendum ' . 
  russian cynicism makes me really laugh sometimes . 
  `` russia accuses ... '' sounds just like `` serial criminal accuses its victim of not being submissive enough '', 
  `` price for access to the single market is a loss of sovereignty , since the country is bound by eu decisions without having a vote on how they are taken . '', 
  brits voting ` leave ' will love it , 
  both should already be considerd as terrorist countries , just like isis . 
  ( turkey supports isis , russia supports global chaos ),
