of course there are n't shortages when the water is privatized . 
  i ca n't believe how socialist reddit is ... * gets back to r/libertarian *, 
  that would obviously mean that my opinion is different , my friend . 
  you know , i did n't expect anything more dehonesting to the prize than giving it to obama , but they really made it . 
  i 'm not surprised at all that this subreddit is applauding the comittee choice . 
  it 's dehonesting the prize itself , the eu does n't contribute to peace in any way . 
  it 's the lasting peace between the countries that allow the eu to be happening . 
  hopefully , the eu will be dismanted or get back to just free market , but the federalists still want their dream come true . 
  hopefully , that wo n't happen , as i 'm less sure about it everytime i read this subreddit 's comments . 
  why ... the hell ... should we ? 
  use a common sense and you will see what bullshit you have said/posted . 
  croatia and turkey ... i see what you did there . 
  it 's up to them what their culture is . 
  ( btw this subreddit is about europe , not about gays . ), 
  please , do n't take it as such shortcut . 
  eid = totalitarianism is not what i wanted to say or point out . 
  1 . public institution vs. private institution 2 . you would have to have the identity vs. you do n't have to have facebook, 
  global ( ! ), 
  electronic ( ! ), 
  identity the step itself does n't necessarily mean totalitarianism , it 's just one of those steps that lead there, 
  we 're not talking id cards and especially not the equation of id cards to totalitarianism, 
  totalitarianism step-by-step ... 
  let there never ever be a european superstate with flag , anthem , and other symbols exclusive to nations . 
  progressive europe is what is wrong . 
  we need to get conservative europe ( not conservative only by name , but really free and anti-socialist ) . 
  because we 're in r/europe . 
  the eu is nothing more than socialism europe-wide , 
  there should be low taxes everywhere . 
  especially now when the world needs growth . 
  do n't blame swiss about their taxes . 
  which is very sad . 
  massmedia at its best . 
  what is `` ready '' ? 
  europe is overtaxed in most countries , already . 
  how unfortunate that there are `` forbidden '' opinions which are nothing more than classical european liberalism , or libertarianism , if you want . 
  you have proven vaclav klaus right about the problem of political correctness . 
  funny how two people can have different world-views and one must call the other `` unfortunate '' . 
  those socialists ... , 
   the entire budget is $ 120bn/yr , and the czech republic is a net recipient so it gets more out that it puts in . 
  aside from that , the entire eu employs fewer people than , say , the city of cologne . 
  hardly `` large '' . 
  eu employs lots and lots of people but unless we get to the exact numbers , it 's a pointless debate . 
  your `` net recipient '' argument is used very much in here by federalists , eurofanatics , whatever we call them . 
  do n't you see it 's wrong ? 
  those are not some magic money , those are money of other member states . 
  in future , we would be net contributors . 
  simply the system of sending money over to brussels and then asking them back for some `` projects '' - which some of them may be good , but some of them are crazy and stupid , as well - is just without any sense . 
  i strongly suggest that you read through what i.e. 
  european social fund supports . 
  because i did my research , i did my job in here . 
  this also brings more bureaucrats . 
  i do n't want to support bureaucrats and/or those projects with my taxes . 
   that 's actually your ( klaus ' ) and your colleagues ' achievement : you do n't want to strengthen the common institutions like the parliament which would eliminate the need for all these intergouvernamental conferences . 
  i do n't want the eu at all . 
  and if so , i 'm for staying outside of it . 
  i do n't want a parliament on a european level . 
  a huge democratic deficit is there . 
  people ca n't vote and should n't elect governments outside their countries , there 's no european identity as there was no soviet identity . 
  they tried to indoctrinate us with both here in czech . 
   a common market needs common rules . 
  of course , but there should be minimum of them restricting businesses . 
  they should actually support them ( well , mostly not over-regulating them would be enough ) . 
  subsidization is no common rule , that 's just pure corruption . 
  i do n't need standardized bananas , eggs , sweets , etc. 
  i do n't want to throw uot sugar because the amount of it is regulated . 
  if you believe in central planning , you 're simply a very strong socialist , my friend . 
   and this does n't even address the fact that he denies anthropogenic climate change , which should be a red flag to everyone . 
  it 's scientific consensus . 
  if a politician denies it , it 's clear that he is unable to think straight . 
  either because he 's corrupt or because he 's stupid . 
  i ca n't say what applies to klaus , so i 'll leave that to you . 
  there is no scientific consensus . 
  you make me think again that you just watch mainstream tv . 
  if there was a consensus , i thought that science is not about voting but about the actual facts . 
  some of czechs wanted to prove our history on around 19th/20th century by faking historical documents . 
  and they had historians consensus . 
  our first czechoslovak president t. g. masaryk was against it and the mainstream media were extremely rude in their texts . 
  yet , it was discovered he was right . 
  science was never about consensus . 
  you have n't read anything from klaus regarding climate change . 
  he questions it and thinks about it economically and politically . 
  it 's not just a question for scientists . 
  those green neo-marxist parties want to change the way we live and to change our laws . 
  they want us to give up some of our freedoms . 
  that has to be done at some price , which is to create some new restrictions , regulations , laws , etc. , which is - that 's the most important - a political question . 
  and none other than political . 
  so far , i 'm happy to see ppl stopping their belief in man made climate change . 
  as one of my favorite thinkers said : ** `` an absurd fiction about the acute danger of global ecological self-destruction of mankind . 
  '' ** if you are green or socialist or a strong federalist , i 'm fine with that , just say that so that i do n't argue with you about it here . 
  no offense , you may just have a very different philosophic point of view on world . 
  just say you 're against free market and we 'll argue that in the future , as soon as i get my english on economics good enough  i think that capitalism ( and therefore free market ) is great , gives us freedom and that 's how we were meant to be . 
  i 'm sorry if you interpreted my comment in that way . 
  it 's hard to formulate them all in here , you can read them at klaus.cz on his english pages , but let me simplify it like this : he is a free-market economist . 
  european union is everything but free-market . 
  that would be the main argument , from my point of view . 
  on another level , the nations within are far less souvereign than they should be . 
  i 'm seriously , constantly surprised by opinions expressed on this subreddit , or r/politics or r/worldnews . 
  people are ready and happy to sacrifice their freedoms and feel like an educated elite ( this is no way directed to you ) because they `` understand that they have to '' . 
  you must be kidding me . 
  he places excellent arguments about what 's wrong with the eu .
