  basiclly japanese interment camps during world war ii . 
   the important thing is people can feel like something is being done do n't underestimate the power of truthiness . 
  it might make you realize that there are diffrent people then you and thats too scary for the general public . 
  or how the amish use horse drawn buggies and wear hats and a beard . 
  you ca n't just force the amish to drive cars . 
  no , i mean there was no waco style guns blazen siege . 
  united states government was way more reserve now then 1990s . 
  there was no tanks busting down buildings and there was n't a massive gun battle like before . 
  there was just one or two shot and a few arrrests . 
  yea , thats why the government did nothing with the bundy siege other than wait it out . 
  if that shit happened in the 1990s there would have been more violence . 
  they are called sovereign citizens here . 
  the two bundy standoffs , ruby ridge , oklahoma city bombing and various militias are all from these types of people . 
  they are very very dangerous and they believe that the current laws do not apply to them and some will do anything to defend their rights and fight against the `` false '' government . 
  they are basically right wing domestic terrorists . 
  is religious clothing protected by law in germany ? 
  in america you ca n't fire someone over it . 
  because in america if this happened there would have been a lawsuit already as that is a violation of the civil rights act which states that you ca n't fire people on religious ground or religious clothing . 
  i 'm just wondering if there is such a law on german books , or the limits of religious freedom in germany . 
  well we knew that they would n't let the kurds have all of north syria , i guess now turkey decided to follow through their threats and plans . 
  there was brief chaos for a few days , the pound dropped , but the `` shock '' type drops are usually quick and fleeting . 
  you ca n't be shock forever especially when no change have been made to the status quo yet . 
  because it have n't happened yet , there is a cheap pound yet reaping the rewards of the eu and the uk government shows reluctance to pull the trigger . 
  of course the economy is going to do good for now . 
  so women are abnormal ? 
  there are more men in the world then women , so statistically since they are the lesser of the two , they are the more abnormal . 
  this reminded me when john oliver did a show on why the united states should get rid of all of their nuclear arms . 
  its a nobel goal to strive for world peace , but make sure you have world peace before you get rid of nato or united states nuclear arsenal . 
  i would n't mind if obama gave the finger to neo-nazis or the kkk . 
  yeaa , american values are completely incompatible with europe . 
  [ as seen as this pew research survey on us - european values gap on use of military , beleifs on destiny and the role of government . 
  ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2011/11/17/the-american-western-european-values-gap/ ) there are more differences between america and europe other than yards and meters . 
  their interference was so strong that they prevented the brexit from passing . 
  but seriously politics is messy and it interconnected . 
  eurosceptic and alt-rights are funded by putin . 
  pro eu parties ( and revolutions ) funded by us . 
  meanwhile the us there is a heavy israel lobby and there are arab and even russian lobbies and companies funding our own politicans . 
  interference from other counties is expected and a very normal part of politics of democratic countries at any level . 
  even us is n't immuned to forgein countires trying to infulence their people . 
  strong do what they can , and the weak suffers what they must . 
  it 's one of the perks being a world power . 
  turkey ca n't touch him meanwhile if you are a suspected terrorist in yemen you can expect to get killed by a drone . 
  how can the us be less peaceful before the isis bombing campaign than during it . 
  why does it matter ? 
  dnc made those emails , not russia . 
  i thought everyone knows that putin prefers trump over hillary . 
  as a pittsburger , i did not expect to appear on any of the maps . 
  i want to kiss you . 
  do n't worry , with shootings people staple their agendas to it and rally for change . 
  but as soon as it disappears from the media and the general public minds they do nothing on what they say they are going to do . 
  politicians will blame it on general encryption and probably demand a back door to everyone . 
  yea , its just crazy that everyone including me thought that he must me connected to some organization neo nazi or isis . 
  we sometimes forget that once in a while someone alone might want to do something like this . 
  it use to be the other way arround . 
  i guess times have changed . 
  so its like the school shootings we use to get for a while . 
  no real motive or reasoning . 
  just insanity . 
  people with accordions, 
   speaking to the new york times , mr trump said the us would only come to the aid of allies if they have `` fulfilled their obligations to us '' . 
  i think he might be referring to the 2 % gdp spending obligation . 
  sure i agree that nato nations should be spending more and it frustrating that we have to do alot of the heavy lifting but trump seems to beleive this is the way to motivate those countries into spending more . 
  this makes sense since his campaign is build around making more fair deals for the united states and nato have a couple of freeloaders or unmotivated nations on it . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't think trump 's idea is the correct one , but there are nations who military is basically `` hold 30 minuets to a few hours until the american 's come '' and we want nations to handle their own problems and have the ability to fight along side us . 
  like britain and the falkland wars . 
  no us military needed . 
  i guess [ colorado ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/colorado ) and [ wyoming ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wyoming ) wins . 
  gg everyone . 
  https://wikileaks.org/akp-emails/emailid/92902 translation of this please ? 
  a political purge , simple as that . 
  if you have the ability to arrest anyone you like and throw them away now is the best chance . 
  yea , more the merrier . 
  you just ca n't rely on one system to bring your wmds to the baddies . 
  because you still need to deter russian incisions . 
  as long as russia and china still have nukes , us will have nukes near them too . 
  do n't worry , those will be filled soon . 
   `` at least two f-16s harassed erdogan 's plane while it was in the air and en route to istanbul . 
  they locked their radars on his plane and on two other f-16s protecting him , '' a former military officer with knowledge of the events told reuters . 
   `` why they did n't fire is a mystery , '' he said . 
  also the `` rebel '' jets had locked on to the president plane and * did not fire * . 
   the manifesto which read on trt-1 contains lots of words like ataturk , laicism etc. 
  why a religious leader like fetullah gulen would use such a text ? 
  can you explain to me why this is a big deal ? 
  i have no idea what this means . 
  its like a more concentrated version of / r/ukpolitics, 
  anglo-merica . 
  200 years later the english subcome to the sweet callings of freedom . 
  is n't it tradition to die from toxic gas on polish soil . 
  by not raping her when she says `` no '' or not give consent, 
  even before you formerly leave the eu , american influences are taking over . 
  well yea , they are still in the eu and single market . 
  i wish we can go back to the good old days when you would be killed for attempting to start a union , and 10 year olds worked in the mines . 
  two ways this will go . 
  the scottish will be in the single market with europe post independence because they will bend over backwards for eu membership , but if they do n't then they will compromise and use eu trade policy to get a norwegian style trade deal . 
  the only reason why i see them outside of the eu is due to spain 's paranoia of their own nationalists movements in their country . 
  or scotland will get eu membership then get way more than the normal economic support so the contrast between how well england and scotland are doing by trade and economic wise . 
  i can see eu pulling that to really discourage any further attempts to leave the eu . 
  but if scotland stays outside the single market with england then scotland will be definitely a failed state as they are reliant on raw materials and nations inside of the single market like norway would be more competitive . 
  so if scotland gets into the eu then its because of political bullshit , and if scotland gets rejected to the eu , its because of political bullshit . 
  we declared independence at the right time .
