  4 planes crashing in an hour time span in a couple hundered mile radius is no accident . 
  its pretty much offensive to say its an accident . 
  `` we have to get rid of encryption '', 
  let 's not pretend that pis party is a good role model on how to run a nation . 
  i 'm a patriot source : me, 
  you mean hover van right ? 
  i find the lack of complaints on americans shocking . 
  i thought it 's a stereotype that we are terrible tourists, 
  its called `` united mexican states '' . 
  no , i like being lazy and just calling my country the `` united states '' , honestestly it would get annoying to say `` united states of america '' every time . 
  flag of fourth reich/s, 
  land, 
  [ 72 % of germans believe that success in life are determine by forces outside of their control . 
  ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2011/11/17/the-american-western-european-values-gap/ ), 
  it 's kinda sad to think that aleppo might beat that record . 
  tfw turkey more progressive on marjuana than your state . 
  no , they shoot road signs , not buildings . 
  [ they exist ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavic_muslims ), 
  you can say the same statement about any global power . 
  you better watch out us or china might get you, 
  i placing bets that he will strike delaware next . 
  just because our moral values are different does n't mean we ca n't co-operate . 
  we have been cooperating with europe of decades without this being a major issue . 
  under that definition , u.s. 
  shock and awe is one giant terrorist attack . 
  he never got a majority vote . 
  sugar , sugar , high fructose corn syrup , and marshmallows, 
  when you see 35 upvotes and 150 comments you know it is a nice and calm civil disscussion . 
  i thought it was well known that polish , germans , ukrainians and russians all had large populations that did n't like jews . 
  i remember being told in my history class `` the first country hitler conquered was germany '', 
  if hate speech corrupts so much , then the cops that have to read and wade through hate speech to arrest people must be the corrupt people in the country . 
  russia was being a tsundere . 
  i hold these vigilante groups on the same level as the right wing militias in america . 
  and ted cruz, 
   i am not a eurosceptic by the way i am just sick of american leaders trying to manipulate the country . 
  throw the tea into the baay, 
  putin sits naked on a bed with flower peddles around him , orban was n't impressed until putin showed him 100 free superjets , then orban was wooed . 
  pst . 
  we are coming for your jobs too . 
  you also need black only safe spaces, 
  america ? 
  can confirmed , was beheaded last week when i visited hamburg . 
  how about we name all of europe `` macedonia '' just to see how the greeks react, 
  i bet goldstein gave the immigrants gold . 
  lincoln did n't save us :(, 
  what 's more important . 
  the economic co-operation and free trade , or protecting our countries from white genocide / s, 
  this is the one thread were no one will be upvoted, 
  it seems like an excuse a pedophile would use . 
  holy shit poland , who do you hate more ? 
  muslim migrantes or germans ? 
  it is the organization responsibility to keep those people out and from being the representation of the movement . 
  if you do n't then you will end up like occupy wallstreet were all i remeber from occupy wall street is [ ketchup . 
  ] ( http://www.cc.com/video-clips/d4hmi3/the-colbert-report-colbert-super-pac---stephen-colbert-occupies-occupy-wall-street-pt--1 ), 
  they took remove kebab meme too far before it was a meme . 
  because everyone knows that serbia has the best history with muslims . 
  that really does n't matter . 
  a lot of people here take the bible word for word as fact . 
  and a lot of muslims drink beer and eat bacon . 
  soo if they do n't cover it its censorship but if they do cover it not because they are covering the news but because `` well they are doing it because they will look bad if it 's censor '', 
  [ how about the telegraph ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/12135497/migrants-attack-pensioners-who-stood-up-for-woman-they-were-harassing-on-munich-metro.html ), 
  it 's soo censor its on only small conspiracy website yahoo news . 
  russian techno music will rule the land , while everyone drives yugos and reliable robins . 
  or you can arrest and deport them without shooting on sight . 
  or have a fence that is regularly patrolled by the police and arrest all of though who break it . 
  you only need to use your guns when lethal force is threaten against you . 
  there is a middle ground between north korean style shooting anyone who cross that line and not enforcing any border . 
  even if there is 1000s of illegals a well funded border patrol can go a long way to stoping most attempts . 
  i mean you can arrest them and deport them . 
  us arrests people trying cross borders all the time without going full berlin wall shoot them . 
  it would probably be easier for germany to do that then the us considering its more densely populated and a smaller border to protect . 
  worse case senario from my side of the pond , eu falls apart in a very bitter way leaving relations between curtain countries to be very sour and somewhat hostile relations . 
  it would be hard for the us to adjust its foreign policy with a fractured europe , russia would have an easier time and for the us and europe it would make economic trade there more cumbersome . 
  best case for the us . 
  nato members spend more on their military so they are actually working and operating well oil machines , so the us does n't have to be soo reliant in european protection . 
  but are they anti-perspirant ? 
   he had a french language koran i think its likely he is a french citizen who was radicalize . 
  broomsticks were spray painted to look like gun barrels . 
  is n't there a nazi village in germany ? 
  edit : [ found it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hg-flv-4u8e ), 
  2000 people murdered in new york and america is already a second rate power , i bet teddy roosevelt is rolling in his grave . 
  thanks, 
  can i get a link to that story ? 
  because it makes them no better than the jihadists to the moderates and does n't solve anything . 
  all they have to do to get alot of public support is just to be the better more peaceful people and they would get more support . 
  called in bomb threats were never terrorism . 
  more of dumb teenage hooligans who did n't want to go to school . 
  if you are a terrorist who wants to bomb why would you call ahead of time . 
  why is this news ? 
  it happen twice at my school . 
  im going on a limb and say that this georgia looks better than our georgia, 
  for sale : wwii french military rifle in great condition , never been shot but it was dropped once . 
  still if 71 % of people support it in a democratic government then it should be happening . 
  its a sign of a healthy government . 
  because the only amendment above our rights to own guns is the rights to insult those people who owns the guns, 
  whats the difference between this and donald trump 's wall ? 
  sure it might be fine and easy for us to say , but people did lost homes , friends and families to assad chemical attacks and indiscrimate bombings and its hard to justify us to tell them to fight for the regime that ruined their lives . 
  its more like gathering polish , german , jewish , french and any other refugees from the war and expect them to work together as a single army to fight for one of the factions . 
  syrians have diffrent views on their countries future to the point that they fight eachoter and syrians left their country because some were pursicuted by the fsa , some where pursecuted byt isis and some from assad . 
  still syrians are divided and fighting on both sides of the civil war .
