  i think the biggest difference is that poland was invaded by other nations while syria is fighting themselves . 
  there is no way to create solid unified faction . 
  soon as you create this army then they will fight amongst each other because they are their own enemy . 
  as they go to syria only to join the pre existing factions . 
  some will go to assad , some to the fsa and some to isis . 
  and seeing how all the factions of the syrian civil war are starved of manpower it is adding fuel to the fire and probably will make the war go on longer . 
  what stoping the syrian fighters they train from joining isis . 
  listen if our incompetent nation can survive 9/11 and anthrax attack without collapsing , then the eu can survive too . 
   tell me some numbers . 
  are you saying terrorist deaths are an inherent risk ? 
  like driving ? 
  yes , living in any large city in western civilization has a risk of terrorism , thats why there are plans in these cities governments for what to do for terrorism attack . 
  you also live with the inherent risk of being murdered . 
  someone might have a mental illness and well kill you . 
  yea europe is n't the only place that hates sudden mass migration of syrian refugees . 
  almost all factions in the syrian civil war are having big issues of manpower . 
  no one have enough troops to replace their casualties because the civilian male population are leaving the country . 
  [ you even have factions like isis putting up billboards like this one trying to convince people no to leave syria ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-tdtwxfkrh2g/vfvyhdqlp_i/aaaaaaaaumk/wx9kkbqf1sq/s640/isis%2bgives%2bchoice%2bto%2bsyrian%2brefugees%2b-%2bwhich%2bone%2bdo%2byou%2bwant%2bto%2bwear%2bon%2bthe%2bday%2bof%2bjudgement.jpg ), 
   but / r/europe itself has a large amount of far-right users note the use of far right . 
  he is n't speaking for all of the right . 
  just the fringe beliefs . 
  so it worked in a fucked up kinda way . 
   the pen is mightier than the sword . 
  i 'd rather the canadian gov ' showed up and shot me than to kill me slowly with these deals . 
  what an interesting bunch . 
  trade deficits are negligible considering the gains and will naturally ballence out . 
  unlike what those factories tell you , [ us manufacturing more goods then ever before ] ( https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/indpro ) but [ only needs a fraction of the jobs from the 1970s . 
  ] ( https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/manemp ), 
  intelectual property has to do with business in general and in theory to protect the creator and allow business and ideas to flow freely . 
  what the goal of free trade is to streamline the laws as much as possible to lower overhead costs for multinational business . 
  why have 13 separate laws to have to pay lawyers to read when when you could have 3 . 
  another reason is to protect european industry since canada limits are lower . 
  they are trading stuff back and fourth without tariffs . 
  so since its only 50 years post death until copyright expires in canada it gives canadian industries a 20 year headstart compared to europeans one . 
  if someone before this trade agreement made a copyright in both countries and the canada one expired then they can make that copyrighted material in canada and ship it to the europe market ( tariff free ) with the european industries being unable to compete to without breaking the law . 
  so a unified code of law is needed so canada was the one to bend and extended copyright by 20 years . 
  at least in america , both right and left are 100 % protectionists . 
  despite an economists consensus for free trade there is a political consensus for tariffs and other protectionists policies . 
  its basically the only thing bernie , hillary , and trump agreed on . 
  economy grew less than normal pre brexit but grew more than what was expected post brexit . 
  free trade = opression, 
  isds are a public court to prevent discrimination against corporations . 
  like lets say wallonia knows that their maple syrup industry is screwed with the ceta , so wallonia decided to pass a law that they will print the calories of syrup in big bold letters in front of only canadians syrup meanwhile wallonia syrup will just have the normal label with an extra low fat sticker . 
  that is business discrimination and sueable . 
  you can have regulations and restrictions but you can not show bias or favoritism over one corporation over another . 
  we have this courts for decades now and the world have n't been over run by mega corporations , eviromental standards have n't decreased and labor standards in western countries have n't decreased . 
  it 's just fair . 
  if people can sue and governments can sue why not business . 
  its to hold accountability in the law makers and enforcers allowing a friendly business eviroment where everyone foreign and domestic can compete fairly . 
  ] ( https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-iocddcuogws/vvbdamyueqi/aaaaaaaat3o/oll_rw5xplit-rhnopblzw3n7i1f6d2yw/s1600/69182_4017501070135_358442312_n.jpg ), 
  uh you know i was n't serious right ? 
  pretty soon there will be a stamp act , a paper act , and god forbid a tea act . 
  someone needs to do something before the tyranny goes to far and we have to dress up like native americans and throw your shit into the sea . 
  [ not just israel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_national_symbols ), 
  well you can `` stop the war '' if everyone just surrenders to putin . 
  well jews control alot less of the world than what we initially expected . 
  usa are dirty imperialists who do nothing but cause trouble thoughout hte world . 
  those basic people still do n't understand how the metric system works and are dying under their own mccdonalds and guns . 
  i heard that these no go zones are called french caliphates . 
   no , i 'm saying they deliberately bombed the syrian army airbase . 
  yea i am talking about the same thing . 
  sure us might be out to topple assad but the would do it in a more low key way then making aussies do it for them . 
  uh you can not seriously say that the british , danish , americans and the australians woke up one day and decided to bomb intentionally the saa and help isis win . 
  why would any of these nations give isis any advantage . 
  is n't one of their main points to being in syria is to bomb isis . 
  we were taught that libyan intervention was european led and syria started due to the arab spring . 
  the only one i guess you can say the us is responsible over is iraq for now , but iraqi government did more of the damage and started a sectarian war . 
  us just kinda let that one happen . 
  until the next hitler comes around . 
  what economic war , the war is won already . 
  usd is the universal currency in oil trades and alot of other trades . 
  in order to be relevant in the global economy you have to play by american rules . 
  it was won ever since the us was the only massive industrial power not damaged by two world wars . 
  mom , do n't tell me you have been infected with western lesbianism, 
  its a medical procedure like any other . 
  most states and countries already have limits on when you can have one and when the fetus becomes independent from the mother . 
  usually its around the age of when the child can live independently from the mother . 
  before then its a property of mom and just a clump of cells . 
  you can set the value of this clump of cells as much as you want but you should n't have the right to enforce that values on others . 
  its a personal decision not a decision handle by governments . 
  we should be fine banning chemotherapy because most of will not have to go through one . 
  constantinople shall rise again . 
  looks like every country is having weird elections . 
  i 'm offended . 
  dayton , ohio will become relevant agian, 
  i do n't remember a single thread without this comment . 
  i think it 's a great idea on paper , but lybia is in middle of a conflict and realisticly and logistically i do n't think this would be successful . 
  this will probably be heavily underfunded and no one like to fund stuff across the sea . 
  plus you are putting all of the migrants into a country where isis is still active and powerful . 
  so now you have a sever concern of radicalization . 
  well according to the title `` thanks obama '', 
  well its seems like the western world was running out of problems , so why not make more problems to keep the next few generations busy . 
  so they are too integrated into society for the alt right . 
  then how do you make friends ? 
  i expect a calm and resonable conversation on this subject here on / r/europe and / r/worldnews . 
  i thought it was german humor . 
   if you set foot out of major us cities you are immediately reduced to dial up i can comfirmed op , it took me 19 hours to make this comment . 
  its so his daughter can be a princess . 
  i find it cute . 
  so i can write `` no jews allowed '' and that is perfectly fine with you ?
