because the 1 state solution is totally workable at this point . 
  seriously 400 miles into a vast desert ... road is still perfectly tarmaced . 
  but you guys really should get some high speed rail . 
  east-west coast . 
  that would be awesome . 
  so a european ganges . 
  the crimean khanate enslaved slavs for centuries before the trans-atlantic slave trade . 
  i think i just got annexed ... 
  like our own little guyana . 
  mock the week is fantastic . 
  because black russia is the east ( their is also red russia in the south ), 
  it means white russia , named by the mongols ( it was one of the hordes ) because they used black and white as east and west . 
  does the netherlands not have a large population ? 
  that is why the scots feel ingnored . 
  also i do n't think the scots have ever been slaves, 
  this is seriously a scotsman i knows opinion, 
  the ottoman empire controlled most of north africa , however the first caliph to order an invasion and conquered egypt ( one of the most populas and rich nations at the time ) was in 647 . eventually the uymaddids ( my spelling is atrocious ) who came from the east were leading the native berbers into iberia , and south into mali . 
  the slave trade funded from arab colonialism started to snowball in the 9th century not 19th . 
  you say that like it was not arabs centuries beforehand, 
  yeah but he wrote 4 million ... 
  haha i doubt that the 5 eyes will be giving up their secrets anytime soon, 
  implying denmark takes sweden seriously ... 
  your gon na hemorrhage those eu students then . 
  the current scottish system is bullshit to the ruk . 
  only fees for people from england , wales and northern ireland, 
  dude even ireland drives on the left, 
  unless scotland joins the eu in which case their will have to be a boarder . 
  since shengen became aquis they have to join it at the same time or at least plan to . 
  the ruk would rather put a boarder up in scotland than open the calis floodgate . 
   can the gardai chase you along that road ? 
  clearly , yes , but what if they arrested you on the ni side ? 
  :d the psni and the guards have the ability to retroactively issue warrants to each other , it really helped clean up the drug problems in donegal and fermanagh . 
  because jumping the boarder no longer stops the police chasing you, 
  remember being from northern ireland we get a very clouded perception . 
  has anyone make the obvious shill joke yet ? 
  ... how will this new force screw with that chart because currently france is in absolutely everything . 
  a nuke in dublin would probibly wipe out most of london due to the radiation spread . 
  surprisingly , with the gulf stream galway - belfast would actually fair much better . 
   ireland becomes independent i 'm assuming you mean unified because independence already happened and making us independent would be awful . 
  estonia ? 
  the taffiea ? 
  7 million . 
  i doubt that they care . 
  ... how about we do n't do that again ... that time people started changing boarders poland disappeared ... 
  ee means eastern europe, 
  i like irelands call ... 
  i really like the republics anthem . 
  [ seriously you can dance to it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvowunka18k&amp;list=uu-lkfwvkn6fp_fylomzdmya ) however i also really like [ irelands call ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wz0khzfj-xk&amp;list=uu-lkfwvkn6fp_fylomzdmya ) and [ danny boy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjew19ks2_4&amp;list=uu-lkfwvkn6fp_fylomzdmya ) how anything like danny boy became our anthem i have no idea , because it has nothing to do with national pride ... 
  the irish anthem is also super nice in irish but i figured that most people would prefer to understand the words . 
  i do n't think we can count serbia as a russian puppet anymore . 
  kazakhstan most definitely and belarus is most certainly however . 
  what did you do in 2009 that make france suddenly like you ? 
  better get drilling in fermanagh ... 
  `` any craic ? '', 
  simply because the answer is always no . 
  the world could be ending but `` nah , no craic '' seriously it 's like we forgot to answer the question and just end the formality . 
  ohhh ... we quite like that one ... 
  he looks like george . 
  ummm ... whats the character limit on reddit ? 
  but their is no law against renouncing citizenship ... 
  was their not a big `` no opt outs '' thing that got thrown around for all new members joining ? 
   tried asking for excommunication , it did n't work . 
  piss in a chapel . 
  instant excommunication . 
  i want to make a joke but natural gas just does not get the same ` mercia as oil does ... 
   mlp is my little pony ... yeah even in this context ... ido n't understand either . , 
  * foot thumping intensifies *, 
  no this is sarcasm . 
  i know that on a multinational and multi lingual sub he should not have ... but hey people are inconsiderate . 
  i swear boston is more irish than galway ... plz no annex ireland . 
  or plz annex depending on the price of a loaf of bread, 
  is `` hard water '' bad ? 
  i prefer the taste of hard watr . 
  but that may be just because the tap in my house is high in calcium . 
  cloudy water = best water . 
  ya 'll gon na get ripped off . 
  seriously water charges seem abhorrent to me . 
  you have never been to ni then ? 
  scotland is our main land . 
  not england . 
  we call ourselves ulster-scots for a reason . 
   during the 1990s schemes to export water by ocean-going tankers were proposed to three canadian provinces . 
  [ 4 ] in 1991 , sun belt water inc. of santa barbara , california , in partnership with snowcap waters ltd. , of fanny bay , british columbia , was selected by the goleta water district , of california , to enter a contract to supply bulk water by marine tanker but the government of british columbia reversed its water export policy and introduced a prohibition on the issuance of water export licences leading to an arbitration claim against canada under chapter 11 of the north american free trade agreement filed by sun belt water inc. in 1999 . 
  the arbitration remains unresolved . 
  basically the free market as preserved by the nafta prevents the government from setting draw limits . 
  that is not a government failure it is a free market exploit . 
  but your entire point was about sustainable limits . 
  europe 's current water usage is sustainable . 
  yet in mid west america short term profit is more important that creating a massive desert . 
  [ and get canada to give you their water aswell ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/water_export ) the free market is not working . 
  you have one of the worlds largest water exporters feeding you , but it 's still being used too fast . 
   that 's something that governments , for the most part , fail to do . 
  source ? 
  because europe seems to be doing fine . 
  america on the other hand is overdrawing and turning it 's mid-west into a massive dust-bowl . 
  you guys still pay for it though ? 
  honestly i do n't know much about water charges in britain . 
  ulster fry for breakfast . 
  bacon , sausages , mushrooms , fried egg , soda farl , potato bread , beans are optional . 
  it 's superior to that tripe the english are so proud of .
