  and the time it can take to settle , and the potential economic burdan of doing such would be more damaging than helpful to the eu i 'd be more than welcoming of turkey to the eu but if we have to partition the country to do it , i 'd rather we did not . 
  he 's a former commander in the ira , dedicated to peace or not , he held a gun and fired it . 
  it 's difficult to think that peace is represented by a soldier . 
  i 'm so happy i can actually namethem all . 
  but i can also name every country in africa , asia , and the americas . 
  damn pacific is the difficult bit . 
  except that europe has never been about forming a central government , it has serious problems because it has a lot of monarchies still their and placing something above them would be illegal in many countries . 
  what possible purpose could the countries of europe want for going back to war , the continant is still scarred from the last few . 
  only mildly . 
  and my chrome died so i 'm firefoxing without spell check, 
  why ? 
   i see , why do n't they cut ni in half then ? 
  ah yes the boundry commission that was set up ... . their is totally not a belt of unionist towns set up on the boarder to suggest that the boarder is fine where it is ... 
  the yanks are going for energy independance themselves and and wo n't be up to selling to much for years . 
  i 'm moving . 
  do n't care where , i 'm either gone , or running for parlament and one of those is more likely than the other . 
  actually the north has a unionist prodestant majority . . 
  the boarder was deliberlity jerry mandered to retain as much land as possible and maintain prodestant majority . 
  it 's why ulster got carved up , and why donegal , cavan and monghan are all roi but the other 6 are uk , they even counted in tyrone and fermanagh which were majority nationalist catholics , but they knew they had numbers on their side . 
   you guys have it good then . 
  you still have your own parties that care about your country 's interests instead of solely what their london offices want . 
  hahaha . 
  i 'm dying ... oh your serious . 
  ni politics are bi-partisan to the extreme . 
  prods vote one way and catholics the other . 
  seriously the major problems in ni could be traced to the fact that our parties refuse to do anything . 
  i have an mp who refuses to sit in parlament , like any parliment , not even stormount . 
  until every member of the archaic parties is out of government , and replaced with new ones , noone will actually give a shit about the people . 
  it 's one of the reasons why both london and dublin are distancing themselves . 
  if i was in the republic i would not want union . 
  and every party in ni ... seriously i can not even vote for tories/labour/lib dems . 
  how are you defining nationalist because i would argue that ukip would count aswell . 
  and the bnp should be linked to anti-islam . 
  anti-immigration , and anti-semitism . 
  the mentality in ni is much more `` do n't kick the bee hive '' leave it alone and keep cheaking back to see if anything changes . 
  only then would action take place . 
  i think that the big decider on the future of ni is actually the other major going on in the uk . 
  - scotland . 
  most prodestant communities hold scots closer than english , if scotland goes we probibly will . 
   i 'm not sure if `` rivals '' is the right word to describe britain and ireland though , other than on the rugby field and even then this is complicated by the fact that britain does not play as a single team ... 
  the sports thing is massivly confusing when you live in northern ireland , because we love rugby and the ulster team is really our only decent sports team . 
  trying to figure out why northern ireland and the republic share a rugby team but have differant football teams was odd in school . 
  yes . 
  so much yes . 
  we really need to figure out a way to get that shale gas without pissing off massive amounts of people . 
  you have no idea how much i want this . 
  their is also a big push here in ni to gte the prodestant community learning irish . 
  there is a community centre teaching it in east belfast and the calsses are full . 
  yes it has the potential . 
  their are also other options . 
  we get alot of energy from russia and most questions on energy independantance are about becoming russia independant . 
  most people want to make the eu independant if we move away from russia but their are other optitions , they also come with significently less investment from the eu countries . 
  i believe that we should aim for energy independance eventually , but short term we do n't have the money to do it . 
  african options are morocco , who is currently building massive solar plants in their desert territories , and is activly wanting to sell energy to the eu algeria , who has decided that maybe morocco had a nice idea about something for once and has moved to start considering the same thing . 
  their are also the turkish and cyprus possiblities . 
  they are looking for reasouces in the east of the mediterrian . 
  and with turkey 's bid for eu membership it could be a good opition . 
  long term we could just turn the west coast of ireland into a massive battery , with few shipping lanes wave and wind farms are possibilities . 
  similarily with the scottish islands few shippin lanes and lots of wind and waves . 
  these number of coastlines that are not swamped in the eu with shippin lanes is low but those areas we do have are massive possibilities . 
  i 'm not sure but the mediterrian is massivly clustered , and the atlantic coast of most of porugal - denmark is filled with shipping lanes . 
  i 'm not sure about the baltic , maybe the baltic states could put alot of money into wave and wind , and become tiny electrical exporters . 
  we also have a huge number of rivers in europe that we could possibly use for hydro electric . 
  i 'm not sure how much of this has actuslly been done . 
  i know that it requires flooding large areas and our agriculture is super important , so it may not be the best choice . 
  still think my orkney-shetland super wind farm is the best bet . 
  unfeasibly expensive and would be impossible to get through local government but still . 
  immagine the energy it could make . 
  the modern problems are more indictive of the problems in ni rather than the `` irish question '' when the economic crash hit governments had to act fast to prevent massive problems . 
  stormont refused to meet for three months . 
  so we got slammed with the recession really hard . 
  this really screwed a lot of the younger generation , about 1/4 of 18 - 24 year olds are unemployed . 
  it 's easier to blame a prexisting problem than actually fix anything . 
  also i 'm loving your username . 
  yeah i think you comment is basic economics . 
  northern ireland , is a province of the uk , with it 's own devolved parliment ( like wales ) the region was a war zone , and a sore spot between the uk and ireland for decades . 
  recnetly things have been better but it 's still a historic day when irish president appears in windsor castle . 
  this is in spite of the massive upserge in violence in ni in recent weeks , with bombs on police cars and loyalist paramiliteries going to town on a couple of houses in larne . 
  and the utter ineptitude of the belfast government . 
  todays meeting is a mirror of the queens visit to the republic of ireland . 
  and showthe cooperation between the countries more recently . 
  irish-british relations are at the higest they have ever been . 
  where do you put the line ? 
  i would argue that the ural and caspian sea are the edges of europe eastward and the causas mountains and black sea to mediterrian are south . 
  my sister was born after the fall of yugoslavia and she could place it on a map better than modern baltic states . 
  and how many americans can name the capital of latvia ? 
  and ottawa being the capital is common knowledge . 
  despite the fact that most capitals are the capitals for cultural reasons , when ottawa was made the capital it was a backwater logging community . 
  it 's easy to see why we get mixed up . 
  because as we know besieged populations love those who besiege them . 
  we like our left handed traffic damn you . 
  we love our duels on horse back in the middle of the road . 
  stay in the uk . 
  yeah the eurosckeptics are awful , but i think they are necessary . 
  it 's the only way that reform will ever happen is if their is somebody bitching about it . 
  do n't let the fact that clegg is aweful in debateing deter you , ukip is solely anti-europe , they will only resonate with people who have that as their sole concern . 
  seriously ukips other policies are horrible . 
  the minuite they get a minister in the house of commons i 'll worry . 
  untill then they are an over hyped noncense . 
  seriously the green party could possibly beat them in the next elections .
