  but joining the eu is the fastest way to improve the economy . 
  if a country shoud have no issues like these when they join are you apposed to the uk and ireland joining during the height of the troubles ? 
  and if you honestly think that places like this do n't exist in western or northern europe then you need to stop looking at the post cards . 
  because it 's israel . 
  countries like lebanon can not compete because it would require broadcasting the israeli entry , which would be illegal under lebanese law . 
  but hey qatar wants to join ... 
  it even has a weekly radio show about eurovision ... like every week ... 
  i do n't know how they get the material . 
  i 'm assuming you mean lough neagh ? 
  armaghs nearest lake is lowys an it 's tiny as all heck . 
  the special position of the roman catholic church effectively made the vatican canon legally binding . 
  as was ruled in dozens of cases . 
  such as the fethard-on-sea boycott . 
  so lets look at the alternatives to marrying in a catholic church . 
  marrying in a protestant church . 
  - this is basically a stupid idea , in a time when converting ends you up disappearing , probably best not to sign your own death warrant , but hey !, 
  who does not want their house burnt down . 
  marring in a civil service - no converting everyone is happy , except , where can you do this ? 
  in large cities like dublin sure but most of ireland was ( and i suppose still is ) rural , the only place to get married is in a church . 
  cool so conversion or conversion it is . 
  you can go on claiming that the church and the state were not the same thing , but in a country that banned divorce , contraception , abortion and pornography at the behest of the church and handed over control of hospital , schools , and many other social services . 
  when a catholic church in such a country refuses to recognize any marriages apart from it 's own , it 's hardly surprising the outcome . 
  you can not claim that ne temere was not legally enforced and then claim the ante-nuptial signed without legal representation within a church are . 
  if that ante-nuptial , that was written by a priest , that was signed as part of a religious ceremony , was at no point was at no point co-signed by a legal representive , it should have as much legal binding as any other non legal document . 
  this was the case of the ante-nuptial in the tilson case , again in the mcann case that lead to the fethard-on-sea boycott . 
  it is why the unionist whack jobs could use the cases so effectively ,, 
  the ante-nuptial agreement to raise children catholic was signed so they could get married . 
  full stop . 
  the courts judge exact ruling , gaven duffy head of the high court , `` in my opinion , an order of the court designed to secure the fulfilment of an agreement peremptorily required before a mixed marriage by the church , whose special position in ireland is officially recognised as the guardian of the faith of the catholic spouse , can not be withheld on any ground of public policy by the very state which pays homage to that church . 
   should a mixed marriage have an ante-nuptial agreement to raise their children protestant . 
  this was impossible . 
  the agreement to raise children catholic was legally required , the early irish state handed everything from hospitals to schools to the church . 
  signing the agreement requires your children be raised catholic , this is a state forcing religion onto children , not signing the agreement means you can not get married . 
  ergo the children are born out of wedlock and ireland was notorious for having bastard children taken by the church and sold on . 
   also , i believe in respectable behaviour toward all parties and this guy who 's doing the interview was behaving very poorly and just trying to push for some scandal . 
  he could have been critical without sounding like a prick . 
  in fairness that is just british media . 
  journalist tear the shit out of everyone they can . 
  ukip is just their new scratching post . 
  so is africa , but the boarder between asia and europe has been the bosporus since the romans at least . 
  no the russian jewish autonomous oblast is actually in far east asia . 
  far side of mongolia actually . 
  `` encouraged '' ? 
  the ne temere was held up in irish courts since and is in fact almost entirely responsible for the decline of the protestant population . 
  since the tilson vs. tilson case were high court ruled ne temere because of the special position of the catholic church within the irish constitution . 
  1861 was the start of census in ireland . 
  here is a [ graph ] ( http://www.wesleyjohnston.com/users/ireland/charts/declining_prot_1891_1991.gif ) charting the trend . 
  as you can see the actual decline did not start until 1920 . 
  there are a number of reasons for the decline . 
  mostly the catholic church requiring that children of mixed marriages be brought up catholic ( this was backed by the courts ) . 
  the ira forcing people over the boarder in the border counties and the outright rejection by people of protestant institutions ( such as trinity collage dublin ) as a valid education . 
  and the discrimination against protestant children by restricting access to education even now only 1/50 schools are multi-faith, 
  except children = direct drain on economy while men implies working age , and therefore capable of contributing . 
   the government would not actively discriminate against them [ really ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5a/ireland_protestants_1861-1991.gif ), 
  ohh ... 
  i know where that is ... 
  there is a guy who lives on that street who owes me # 20 ... never getting that back . 
  meh you get used to it ... 
  ... like who ? 
  hungary wants to get involved ? 
  well it 's not just the boobs . 
  people also blame the polish diasporia . 
  i understand why people liked the song though , it was lively and upbeat . 
  austria was different , song wise . 
  it 's why they won , people remembered the song better than all the others that blended together , the bearded drag act meant that when you were wondering who to vote for it stayed in their head . 
  most years the song that wins is a different style to the other songs , it 's why netherlands did so well . 
  that their are car bombs everyday ... we 've gotten the number down to one every week or so . 
  and yes we are counting this as a clean week because the only bomb may have been made by a belfast man with the intent to use it in belfast , but it was found in dublin and we need to work the numbers on this one . 
  russia hates bearded lady . 
  5 points . 
  3rd in televoting ... 
  without the jurys poland probably would of won ... 
  50/50 unless your san marino or albania , in which the jury has total power ... 
  says the countrywith 1/5 englands population ,, 
  competence in foreign relations is achieving your result efficiently . 
  bringing georgia is the strongest message we could send without dropping a bomb . 
  and what is this about `` dancing mindlessly to the us tune . '', 
  do you honestly believe that the uk is some sort of odd american arm in europe ? 
  that is batshit insane . 
  [ he commented because america withdrew it 's support ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2014/03/27/obama-tells-georgia-to-forget-about-nato-after-encouraging-it-to-join.html ), 
  that is chinese citizens , not ethnic han chinese . 
  [ we can win something ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ma6y0bgjbiq ), 
  they are really starting to push this hard . 
  there have been two companies around my farm in recent weeks offering to install solar panels for free , and the wind turbines as well , this would remove our electrical bills entirely . 
  i still do n't know why solar ? 
  we have some of the worst light in europe . 
  rather than building more wind off the north coast . 
  top end estimates at 5 million . 
  there are about 5 million ... 
  it 's a strong international play . 
  it 's basically a `` piss off russia '' , you can disagree with his stances and his statements , but you can not claim he is not competent . 
  can someone define a `` normal country '' ... can i qualify please ... 
  you only need to be in the ebu to enter euro-vision . 
  morocco entered once in the 80 's . 
  and tunisia wants to enter . 
  we love you latvia , your like the back up moldova ... 
  i had no idea the uk ranked higher than the rest of europe ... 
   u guys think iran is well intentioned ? 
  no but really having another gas source would not hurt . 
  also austria , wtf i get the neutrality thing , but this is quite obviously picking a side .
