  or euro-haters . 
  if you look at a language map you 'll se the uligric-perm family of languages in a sea of russian . 
  it 's nothing new . 
  no , the proc does not have many claims to mongolia , mostly to calm the russians , but as with many of chinas policies the policies are for political regions and most people ( especially in northern china ) feel the lands were stolen . 
  the proc and roc both use qing dynasty claims as the boarders of china and have used such in claims about tibet other regions , their propaganda to their own population on this therefore also makes people feel a claim to mongolia , and other regions . 
  the proc has offically given stopped may claims , ( mostly to appease russia and their soviet state allies ) but they still bring them out when it suits . 
  the claims to manchuria actually go back to the manchu dynasty and are not claimed by the roc or the proc offically but again , manchu dynasty boarders have been used when they feel like it . 
  funfact - the name of the bnp crazy leader nick griffin is actually irish . 
  he wants to deport himself apparently . 
  i get the economic - increase homocide link ... 
  but wtf belgium ? 
  absolutly nothing bad could come from this ... 
  surely ireland should learn from ~ ~ the motherland ~ ~ russia and save the catholic people . 
  pre-ww2 the manchuria region was an independant country tothe north of korea , afterwards it was split between china and uusr . 
  it was one of the sore spots between the two for years . 
  china has never relinquished claims to the region but they are not willing to risk relations with russia by doing anything . 
  russia also has a territorial dispute with japan over the kiribalti ( sp ? ), 
  islands . 
  but it 's eastern boarders are not discussed as much here in the west as much as the closer boarders , for obvious reasons . 
  one of the big issues on the chinese side of the relations is that they can not relinquish claims , without weaking their claim on tibet and heilongjiang and especially taiwan . 
  mongolias independance has really eased relations between the two surprisingly . 
  the boarder is probibly chinas most peaceful boarder , but that is hardly surprising , considerinhg how many other disputes china has had over the years . 
  [ this may be more visual ] ( http://i0.wp.com/www.chinasmack.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/republic-of-china-taiwan-administrative-claims-mongolia.jpg ), 
  obviously this person has no idea about the disputed territory between russia and china . 
  `` everyone should just back the fuck off and let ukraine stablise '' that 's about as close as it gets . 
  the suez is the only thing blocking africa off . 
   yep , and at least with turkey around 20 % of turkey 's population lives geographically in european turkey . 
  grumble grumble ... islands are different ... grumble grumble ... britain is not in europe ... grumble grumble ... 
   soberness in some situations is appropriate , you know ? 
  ... your czech ... 
  dude i get culture shock going to england . 
  most of us are just pussys . 
  i 'm always wondering why people forget how much the czechs drink . 
  it 's got some territory at the north caspian that crosses into europe . 
  but it 's much less than even turkey has on the continant . 
  economic left/right : -1.38 social libertarian/authoritarian : -3.28 i 'm round about where i thought i 'd be, 
  but it was in indonesian waters . 
  if one claims it the other will , and those two are hardly known for being best friends . 
  not only that but they have only just found it . 
  they have no idea where the treasure actually came from . 
  just because a malaysian article says so does not make it malaysian . 
  the contents could rightfully belong to maccau or japan , i fail to see what claim malaysia has to it above the other countries that portugal `` stole '' from . 
  even the `` known '' items are generic treasure apart from a magical persian bracelet , and can not be traced back to malaysia . 
  basically this could turn into a diplomatic mine field . 
   i think eventually it might go independent and form a third state . 
  i believe we have a term for this in northern ireland . 
  economic suicide . 
  depends on if their are seperate categories for european and american politicians . 
  attempt 0 apparently . 
  i can also name every country in africa and the americas . 
  but it 's hardly an indication of intellegance , it 's being knowledgible . 
  you could teach a monkey the world map if you tried . 
   i think they were quoting 1984 to support mass migration . 
  nah they linked me comments in a different thread . 
  nope appears to be a legit crazy person advocating killing illegal while at sea . 
  and now i feel ill, 
  where was this gunning down children ? 
  that seems like something that even the hard core racists would avoid . 
  ... page not found ... well that is promising . 
  i think you mean fabulous, 
  i 'm always impressed with belarus 's leadership . 
  they have managed to walk the minuitely thin line between pissing off russia and the rest of europe very well , for quite a long time , quite excellent double speak . 
  like that time when they apparently pulled out of the enp but they did n't actually . 
  we 're not being rounded up and forced to speak irish , it a language class , so if you ever go surfing in bundorn you can at least go to the shop and ask for a pack of fags . 
  no-one is telling them to speak it , they are choosing to . 
  part of the big unionist movement really pushed ulster , as a unionist thing , the knock on effect of this is that alot of people see themselfs as northern irish , or both irish and british . 
   which begs the question why an executive at a polish vodka company would not catch this and sign off on the ad . 
  might be dipping into the product too much . 
  the 1707 act of union required both sides to sign . 
  the devolution powers , also leave them in a government under westminster , not equal to it , as westminster can lodge injuctions ( they never have , against any of the three ) i suppose it is a positive of not having a full constition , that most laws can be overridden by popular vote . 
  actually the russian government did allow them to legaly leave . 
  the uk has a very odd constition , so it 's not a particularly good example either . 
  countries that forcefully and ` illegaly ' broke away would be places like brazil and venezuela . 
   if the uk had a constitution containing that same clause regarding scotland , i 'd wish for that clause to be abolished . 
  it actually does . 
  but the queens seal is on the `` you guys can do this '' important part and so it will happen . 
  shame it forgot to meantion that russia already boarders poland . 
   i prefer the terms north and south myself . 
  i think a man in donegal just started crying :p, 
  ireland is the name of the island . 
  i believe it is prudent to refer to the republic of ireland as such when it is being spoken about along with the concequences of northern ireland . 
  it 's also how we refer to you guys normally . 
  i can see the republic from my house . 
  but i can see ireland from anywere in northern ireland because it 's the island . 
  how do you want us to differenciate between the two in conversation ? 
  i live in ireland but not in the republic . 
   however from 1937 when this became legal in irish law until the good friday agreement of 1998 the british government have refused to use the term ireland as they believe we do not have a right to call ourselves it . 
  knowing what side of the border things were happeningon was massivly helpful during the troubles i would assume . 
  claiming that it 's some sort of moral attack on the name of ireland is ludicruis, 
  kurdish populations are mostly in the south east . 
  near the boarder with iraq , which already has an iraqi kurdistan . 
   are these lines even evident or strong enough to be worth talking about ? 
  no turkey has about as many divisions as a country like england does . 
  it was the centre of an empire , so you would think that it would have alot of different ethnic groups and divisions . 
  but it really does not their is the possibility of a kurdistan , like america is pushing for . 
  but that is suggested to be more about the east/west economic gap . 
  sometime i think it would be funny mostly because they could make batman their capital city . 
  considering location and history , you might think thair was a large greek population . 
  but they were almost all forcefully relocated to greece ( and greece recolated turks to turkey ) the 120,000 left in istanbul has droped to 7,000 . trying to carve up a country should never be done anyway , it always ends badly . 
  natural break up , and independace is one thing , but partitioning another a country is never a good idea .
