  telling people to put aside politics when voting is like telling people to vote with their eyes closed . 
  the union for the mediterranean wo n't move until egypt calms down . 
  they co-president the union and the union can not go ahead until they alter they sort out the suitation . 
  their are other ways to use north africa tough , but exploiting the algeria-morocco problems sending them into an rush , against easch other , to the european market would be economicly good , but not exactily help ther region . 
  that really is the biggest problem about moving away from russia , we have to deal with other such options . 
  with north africa and the arab spring marking them unstable , not to meantion placing our energy supplies in the line of isamist extremists ( such as seen in north mali ) or the middle east that bring its own problem . 
  azerbaijan is the safest line , we can circumvent the armenia problem by going throug georgia . 
  and into turkey , but otherwise we are dealing with iraq/syria , not the most stable region , or iran , who we are sanctioning , and i am untirly uninformed on how eu - iran relations are improving , i know they are but that is th limit to my knowledge . 
  there is a third option , that really is super expencive . 
  going north . 
  and that risks pissing off russia even more , but the artic has massive unexploited reasources . 
  that is all i 've heard here in the uk . 
  recored unemployment . 
  so many people out of work . 
  i think that this really puts it in perspective . 
  ah yes a cold war ... 
  in which we rely on each other for economic stability ... 
  dat union ... also congrats to austria . 
  very impressive . 
  would economic stability again . 
  did we just get an ommision that this is the same government in ukraine as was before the crisis , from russia ? 
  seriously if we did noting would he really cut the gas ? 
  his own country relies on our market . 
  how long before moscow riots when thier economy collapses . 
  moscow has to stop thinking they hold a gun to the eu 's head without acknowledging we are holding one against theirs . 
   all they need to do is slowly cozy up to china and eventually russia will have no cards to play . 
  like a game of ` red light green light ' with higer stakes . 
  hundreds . 
  wat do you think sieging a city is ? 
  yea more research into the topic as shown me that . 
  i 'm sure that china will have no problems taking their oil . 
  in fact it looks like china is their biggest single buyer at 20 % but france germany and italy still make up a larger percentage . 
  basically they have a back up market but it 's hardly enough to save them if russia the eu russian sanctions go ahead . 
  even more so now that russia has said that they will impose sanctions on ukraine . 
  is this just a rail and ferry lines . 
  oh well maybe we 'll get vactrains working witout being rediculiously expencive before we need to update it again . 
  as an aside how much do people think a rail between talin and helsinki help ? 
  i know that that is already proposed . 
  or maybe across the adriatic ? 
  i know that the eurostar between france and england is expencive so it would take a huge . 
  but if this is to prevent bottle necking of goods and people ten maybe a tarento-igoumenssa line would be worth it . 
  because kazakhstan is even more under russias thumb than ukraine ever was . 
  and we see how that is going . 
  if kazakhstan starts to pull away from russia that is it for the eurasian union , i think that russia could come down very hard on the two countries that it maintains almost complete control over , belarus and kazakhstan . 
  not only that but sort term any sanctions against russia will have huge problems in kazakhstan , their only other market currently is iran . 
  they could go to china or azerbaijan but those lines need to constructed , and they can not afford to built those lines if russia gets slammed . 
  great ... now we really are the european texas, 
  is this a viable export market ? 
  because i will bottle that shit where i can ... like every where . 
  italy what the heck are you doing ? 
  and sicily is not italy . 
  sure thing . 
  those greek islands not really greek , sure thing mate continue on , with your day . 
  roman empire sounds so much better that brussels empire does n't it, 
  no those territories become part of the bottemless well of asterisks . 
  the faroe islands are danish territories but not eu , despite actually being in the eu . 
  their are also those dutch isles in the carribean , of which only half are eu , and the over seas territories endless arguments . 
  yes france , directly france , they are a provance of france in the same way the bordeux region and tolouse are . 
  they vote for the french president . 
  if you go there people will tell you they are french . 
  this is not a french overseas territory like the falklands to britain they are france . 
  they has zero devolution , it would be more apt to consider wales it 's own country than to consider french guyana not france . 
  define who a `` european '' is please ? 
  just so i know we are on the same page . 
  yes ... 
  it 's the provance of french guyana . 
  they vote in french elections , are french citizens , and are also eu citizens . 
  i mostly agree , but i think that you need to point out the strain between turkey and iran , especially over syria . 
  iran supports the government and turkey the rebels . 
  turkery membership of nato is also a strain on the relations . 
  turkey also gets a lot of its energy from azerbaijain . 
  ( one of the biggest energy produces in the middle east that has their own troules with iran ) basically your right but you seemed to have painted turkey and iran as bffs when they are mostly allies of convience , and necessity . 
  turkey most definitly can . 
  actually saudi had a large farming industry , they had large underground resivours . 
  i say used to because the 2016 crop will be their last . 
  ah yes ... finland-syndrome . 
  we know it well . 
  the commonwealth has 5 other monarchies in it . 
  and 33 full republics . 
  was morocco not rejected because it was a massivly corrupt absolute monarachy comparible to saudi arabia . 
  the current king of morocco has make massive improvements . 
  but it is still well below european levels , in terms of economics and social mobility . 
  but with the shift away from russia i 'd say we become good friends with morocco . 
  especially because they are pushing away from the african union . 
  ( they are the only african country that is not a member . 
  neither is cyprus . 
  or georgia but they are applying soon ( apparently ), 
  islands are special . 
  you can join too australia . 
  your king of the islands . 
  that is cutting out greece ... 
  the country that litterly had the idea of europe . 
   well that makes sense if you 're expanding into asia , but you 're not , you 're expanding across the ocean into north america . 
  are we talking hypothetical canada or what the eu 's enlargement plan actually is ? 
  because we are most definitally aiming for georgia and that is asia . 
  and that chunck of france that boarders brazil ? 
  is their a ` merica except for the british empire . 
  ifeel their should be . 
  europe is odd to define , because usually it includes kazakhstan but not georgia . 
  i do n't know ... uk ... so maybe it 's russian shills .
