  ahh what a surprise . 
  maybe gay marrage can wait until after they lift the lifetime blood donation ban . 
  because who want o - blood anyway right ? 
   it 's exactly the sort of place that we do not need as allies . 
  how is that mexican boarder going . 
  just 28,000 dead so far ? 
  so ... hows that mexican boarder going ... 
  azerbaijan is one of the states of former ussr pushing away from russia really hard , they are a member of [ guam ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guam_organization_for_democracy_and_economic_development ), 
  comment to watch later maybe you could cross post this to world news , just to see how it goes down . 
  do n't matter , beat france . 
  nah but serioussly 33 ? 
  i have never seen that flag before ... and i see a lot of flegs . 
  catalonia was already told no by the eu why would scotland be different ? 
  he 's in wales , the region is mostly mountains , and not great for growing crops of any type , ( apart from monmothshire which is just little england ) you get massive rocky mountains and the desert of wales , it 's why sheep are so common . 
  they already have an aa , i think they want a dcfta at someppoint though . 
  join eu, 
  monsters !, 
  what will you eat with your lamb !, 
  true about norway they are shengen , i but then i thought that switzerland was as well . 
  i wonder ... 
  if they had , would ireland be independent ? 
  the uk would not of wanted a communist neighbour and the rest of western europe and america would not be happy about communist ireland either . 
  yes i understand that nuclear is cleaner than coal , but the waste still has to go somewhere and i would prefer wind farms , ( you do n't see off shore wind farms in the countryside ) to toxic slag , that is found in both nuclear and coal factories . 
  and considering how ukip wants to keep coal stations open beyond the eu mandate of 2015 . 
  also onshore wind turbines are not that noisy , i live within 500 yards of a turbine and can not hear anything . 
  i would much prefer if we managed to subsist on mostly on wind , wave and tidal but had nuclear factories to act as the fall back during high demand , i would not want them as the front line of energy needs . 
  i 'd reather have massive offshore wind and wave farms , than nuclear , mostly because the toxic waste needs to go somewhere , and i actually think wind farms are awesome looking . 
  how does a peninsula , run out of water ... 
  it 's surrounded by water , this is only irrigation that we are talking about , not drinking water . 
  so why does crimea not have it 's own ? 
  even if the current crisis was not happening , they should probably get a local water source , cheaper in the long run . 
  yeah but he comes with a boat load of other problems . 
  he wants to increase the defense budget by 40 % , he wants to double the number of prisons . 
  he is a climate skeptics to the point he wants to stop green energy supplies form coming to the uk , ( he want to go nuclear though ) there entire eu manifesto can be covered in a single a4 page ( it is a total of 6 pages long with 4 pages being empty ) never mind some of his local policies that it seems he lifted from the mrlp , like tax discs on bikes for being annoying , or immigration destroying parks . 
  your better running yourself . 
  they were so drunk that they spelt `` czech '' and saw nothing wrong with it . 
  seriously it is such an odd word, 
  does that not make nigel farage your candidate ? 
  or would you vote a different member in ? 
  what is your region ? 
  bull . 
  point blank bull . 
  you can look at european countries and tell what side of the iron curtain they fell on . 
  portugal is one of the poorest countries in europe , but had a sizable empire . 
  spain ? 
  the uk almost crashed in the 70 's and is floating along currently on gas , like the netherlands , while france exports nuclear energy . 
  looking at gdp it completely misses that countries like poland have larger economies than former empire countries like portugal , denmark and belgium . 
  hell depending on who you ask poland has a larger gdp than uber rich norway . 
  unless we go by gdp per capita when ireland stomps the uk and spain is being overtaken by cyprus . 
  because attributing the wealth of western europe to the long period of sustained peace and modernization of economies , just does not fit in with your world view ? 
  that a name or a description of gb ? 
  the overseas territories do n't have secessionist movements at all really because they are usually not viable independent and places like st. helena are not usually associated with anywhere else . 
  former soviet countries that need to be brought up to the standard of western european economies . 
   sherlock and dr watson are known as curly fu and peanut in china this is the best news i have read today i love it . 
  ... i 'm certain that germany has done more to repent of ww2 and hitlers atrocities than italy and mussolini has . 
  in fairness if your not a citizen you do n't get to tell a country how to govern . 
  their have been plans but no bridge yet mostly because of [ a territorial dispute ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tuzla_island ) i do n't think it 'll be an issue much longer . 
  i would like to imagine you immediately forgot how to speak polish, 
  the irish are hardly considered foreign in the uk though . 
  yes we have racists , it 's europa not utopia as some other places imagine it . 
  europe still has a long way to go . 
  i use 3 . but the best network is giffgaff . 
  it uses o2 signal but is telefonicia owned . 
  i can not wait for those roaming charges to be abolished , because my phone is a republican and flips signal when i 'm in my own house to charge me more money . 
  sold . 
  must defend ukraine . 
  we do n't elect people if they are not ugly enough . 
  it 's just not cricket . 
  jeremy clarkson , strengthening ties in the eu, 
  i 'm from tyrone and we have some jokes about monaghan , but we mostly care because the fuel is so much cheaper . 
  ireland stone age to peace process . 
  i 've been doing it since i was 5 . 
  history of per-colonial africa was non-exist though , and i know diddly about latin america , or us history , my school focused on `` old-world '' history mostly . 
  the german and italian unification was `` nationalism and liberalism in europe '' we did the same thing with imperialism in europe in year 12, 
  what else do they call themselves ? 
  `` that piece of land between greece and serbia '' does not roll of the tongue . 
  what is bulgaria ? 
  you mean southern romania ? 
  ^ jokes ^ but ^ seriously ^ i ^ do n't ^ think ^ we ^ knew ^ the ^ difference, 
  i did history a-level so i 'm a history buff but we covered the most random stuff . 
  the stuff you mentioned ( bar native americans we did irish history a lot ) was done to death from year 1 till 12 so years 13/14 we went full on empire and transfer of ideologies . 
  how nationalism had origins from charlemagne and how they rippled through to italian and german unification . 
  i learn the break up of the british empire as well as you can imagine . 
  have you ever had to write a paper of why india is allowed to be a commonwealth member despite being a republic ? 
  or how malaysia which has it 's own king somehow maintained membership ? 
  the most dry topics in history and they are burned into my mind, 
  only until the serbs join the eu , then you 'll get promoted to `` acceptable europe '' and poland will be pushed into `` proper europe '' . 
  i started typing this as a joke then i got sad as i realized it 's kinda true . 
  will argue . 
  am both cheap and drunk . 
  lions show up all over europe . 
  lions , bears and bulls . 
  most countries chose one and went with it . 
  never get the euro . 
  calling your money lion is the best thing ever . 
  and ireland into a giant wind farm ... 
   to make whirlwinds in the toilet what a lovely phrase . 
  um ... where are they going to go ? 
  i understand the sentimentality behind this but most of europe is farmed . 
  what sort of damage could this cause to the agriculture industry .
