  no , dude ... 
  it 's a tv show ... you can dislike it . 
   that 's about 300 times the entire harry potter series . 
  i like your measurement system ... 
   a new agreement on water charges was finally made by the two partys yep , we 're keeping our boarder if unification means paying for water ... 
   office for a democratic belarus : where belarus and brussels meet . 
  well ... you got ta give brussels props for accepting a challenge . 
  genuinely did not know this was a thing . 
  the postponement sounds more like it 'll be put off until armenia can join , no reason for the protection of ethnic russians in belarus . 
  like a disturbing russian drag show . 
  just reading some of the comments but really guys ? 
  the arrogence of some irish . 
  this is a political arrest !! 11 !, 
  in what way ? 
  no-one in the north gives two fucks how the ff/sf/fg split goes . 
  and in northern ireland we vote for donkeys with coloured sashes anyway . 
  what ? 
  gerry adams arrest is gon na send people running to the dup ? 
  seriously the worst thing that could happen is losing a seat in europe to sdlp , oh the travesty that would cause to nationalists / s seriously the only way this political arrest would make any sense is if finna fail and fine gael , were somehow working with the psni to weaken sinn feins position in the south . 
  now i 'm not normally a skeptic but seriously this is up there with crop circles and big foot . 
  you know georgia been edging away from russia for decades , but i think that recently they have taken to a full sprint . 
  what treaty ? 
  source ? 
  blame the fbi in america for releasing the information then . 
  it was held in boston tapes . 
  yeah they are a member , but the ebu budget does not pay for eurovision . 
  the cost is covered by the states competing ( an entry fee ) a large sum from each of the big 5 ( hence the auto-finals ) and the rest is covered by the host . 
  that 's why it 's joked that countries send awful entries because they can not afford to win . 
  ( that is actually the only time the ebu budget pays for anything ) ebu actually profits from the event , they get the money from televotes . 
  no it 's paid for by television broadcasters , with larger contributions coming from the big 5 . 
  why would you care , it 's not you tax paying for the competition . 
  excuse you !, 
  gay techno vampires are an example of romanian culture !, 
  nah i mean putin the prime minster turned president and head of the fsb being one of the during forces in the second chechen war . 
  british , next closest is ireland ... well that is creepy . 
  putin came down like a hammer on rebels in the regions of dagestan , chechenya , and ingushetia . 
  but calling them disputed territories is a dumb move because it would legitimize the abkhazia and south ossetia regions , being hypocrites is not going to solve anything , and russia would hardly care . 
  the conflict is ongoing . 
  it 's not about setting a constant price across europe . 
  the uk , france and netherlands would not notice at all , as their is not going to become a new gas importer from that direction . 
  so no new diversity . 
  but the prices in southern europe will drop because of the diversification , opening up other companies to markets they could not access before . 
  getting gas from azerbaijan to austria via italy . 
  in eastern europe like slovakia and ukraine gas prices are set by russia as they hold a practical monopoly basically opening up the market to allow for some competition it force the prices to drop . 
  why do you think that prices might rise ? 
  serbia would be the closest but not if kosovo has anything to say about it . 
  georgia and moldova are about 15 years off if we are generous , ukraine would take even longer . 
  the real expansion possibilities are the other balkans regions , montenegro is the best candidate next to serbia . 
  they already use the euro and connected by road and rail to the surrounding countries pretty well already . 
  no because the northern ireland was never annexed , all of ireland was , when the republic got independence , the northern region violently decided it was staying with the uk , it would be more comparable if the crimea had went to war about staying part of russia when ukraine left the ussr . 
  yugoslavia 50/50 ... what could go wrong ? 
  hey !, 
  we still own a lot of that !, 
  hands off . 
  dat arctic access . 
  i 'm sort of disregarding it the minute it includes belarus as a member of the eu . 
  i had to google what that is ... 
  georgia is almost completely independent of russian supplies , they rely on azerbaijan almost entirely . 
  well connecting to georgia makes sense because azerbaijan is right next door , and the balkans make sense because connecting italy to romania through the balkans provides an alternative path to having to go all the way around and would make gas transport cheaper across the aegean . 
  ukraine is the oddity . 
  it ; s a massive risk considering current tensions to try something like this . 
  moldova sure not currently having a crisis , but i do n't see how this is going to go well . 
  2 dogs , 8 cats , and a terrapin . 
  we 've probably had over 50 cats in my life though . 
  that is the increase in aid , not the total sweden giving 1 % is the largest , the uk had the largest increase . 
  would probibly of put baltics in northern europe , but i can see why they can be central . 
  that flair is west ireland , he 's had it for as long as i 've been on this sub-reddit your being an idiot . 
  what parts of the us , their are massive french and spanish regions , but the east coast , northern states and that california money are probably pretty similar , i would imaging that the mississippi and florida are probably far away from standard culture . 
  the english culture had the money , so the other cultures has possibly assimilated over time but i would think they are still noticeable . 
  they served as mercenaries for varies romano-british after the fall of rome , when they took to fighting among themselves . 
  the three main faction hired from different parts of the german lands , hence saxons , angles and jutes being the most common , they came over got paid and never left , they were holding all the power and decided to just stick around , they were supposed to go home , that did n't work out . 
  and your basing that on ? 
   i am starting to think a sizeable portion of the uk population are going to regret voting against the av voting system really i do n't know why you guys still use fptp , i 've always voted in pr, 
   history channel that 's your problem . 
  `` given land '' is a really nice way of saying it . 
  they were given land like you give a mugger your wallet . 
  that is a big money bucket . 
  like 175 % of france and they have a similar gni , and 150 % of germany , despite their much higher gni . 
  seriously 4 countries have reached the target of 0.7 % and maybe netherlands can make it , but i want to know when this target was set , because if it 's pre-crash i can understand not reaching it because it 's mostly non-euro countries that have reached the target so that must of had to play a big part in it . 
  but look at sweden giving over 1 % and making everyone else feel stupid . 
  also slovakia it 's ok , we 're sure you tried . 
  there is a difference between conquest and immigration . 
  so it 's more like the vikings in ireland than the saxons in england . 
  and those extra 2 mep 's make it more valid ? 
  catalonia has 4 , and is already a devolved parliament with spain , not as much as scotland true , but i do n't see why scotland would be allowed to drift through but not catalonia . 
  ... she is sickeningly happy . 
  like just the giggles ... 
  he walked into the police station . 
  he knew what would happen . 
  the man seems pretty confident that he 's not going away . 
  the truth is that nothing will come of this and nothing should . 
  calm down guys nothing will come of it . 
  i love how most red countries have legit resons for being against sanctions but then portugal is just `` no , because i say so '', 
  kamchatka  _ , 
  most definitely love the pound too much to ever switch to the euro . 
  do n't forget that the sterling is still one of the most traded currencies . 
  it 's closely tied to the euro and has almost double it 's reserve in the past decade . 
  even if it is still only a fifth of the euro . 
  sweden uses their own currency still as well . 
  everyone jealous of eesti .
