  but they have 2 export branches , one to romania , and one to estonia , they are roughly the same distance from the farm so transport costs are the same . 
  the apples prices will fall as estonia  romania  poland . 
  romania has the climate to rival the growth of the the farm , so they need to keep the prices competitive , the estonians lack the same growth potential in the industry so the prices is higher because the supply is lower . 
  travel cost force the prices above the local levels . 
  apples are a product but the limiting factor is the climate . 
  likewise , access to raw materials , a trained population , infrastructure , government legislative , all affect supply . 
  the insinuation that a company `` must '' be able to sell their goods at the same price everywhere at the same price is stupid . 
  that 's how you end up with monopolies , hell you 're implying that in a single market the taxes have to be the same on all goods . 
  does the tobacco or fuel tax in the uk have to be the same as latvia ? 
  the idea that anything should be made the same way for different environments , your clothes are gon na need to be made with heavier materials in sweden than portugal . 
  ... by having eu laws cover brits living in the eu as well . 
  so ... why do n't we just do that ... 
  if finland can do it why does the uk need it at an eu federal level . 
   allowing countries to cherry-pick which regulations they adopt will lead to countries rejecting regulations in order to protect one industry or another , which effectively leads to an immediate demise of the single market . 
  but it does allow certain countries to specialize their economy when necessary , if finland and spain have the exact same market regulations , then either the regulations are so loose to the point of non-existence , or one of the countries is getting screwed . 
   i think that is pushing it . 
  this was an incident involving a very large group of people but can we really say this is true for muslim men as a whole in germany or any other european country ? 
  you could argue it as a whole about the refugees , acclimatizing cultures can take decades , these people have walked in over the course of a single year . 
  especially when these people are n't walking into anything stable . 
  the vast majority of these people are gon na survive on crime , shutting down areas , creating ghettos , and that cycle might take half a century to fix . 
  there are literally bars built on the border . 
  it 'll be grand . 
   what are you calling by europe ? 
  if you are speaking geographically speaking , i think that 's pretty obvious that uk wo n't leave europe . 
  full power to thrusters, 
   we are also a special case , i think that sums up your entire arguement . 
   by that metric discussion on this website is pointless . 
  i do n't see why redditors with a u.k flag and comment history that identifies them as english would lie in order to portray themselves as ignorant and badly-educated . 
  people do n't usually lie to portray themselves in a negative light . 
  this just occur to you . 
  yeah it is pointless . 
  there is no measurable outcome from this discussion , you can make the best arguments in the world but you 'll never convince someone who disagrees with you . 
   i do n't see why redditors with a u.k flag and comment history that identifies them as english would lie in order to portray themselves as ignorant and badly-educated . 
  people do n't usually lie to portray themselves in a negative light . 
  yeah but you 're going to remember the bad more than the good comments . 
  on the flip side why should the english cover more about cromwell than any other historical english figure . 
  you have a stretch calling standard warfare genocide , the 30 years war killed 50 % of germans not a genocide . 
  india , west indies , america , world history , the rush for africa , [ what part of history does the irish want removed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_military_diaspora#britain ) to ensure that the english learn what you want them to learn . 
  give me a place to put cromwell . 
  you admit to having maybe two paragraphs on the english civil war , but focusing on cromwell 's irish campaign . 
  this may surprise you but in the same way as you teachers did n't have time to cover everything leading up to the rise of cromwell in power , english teachers do n't have time to cover every campaign that he fought , what children are learning the entirety of the civil war ? 
  we have limited space in the module , do you want to cut scotland ? 
  the limitations of the monarchy ? 
  how someone like cromwell rose to power in the first place ? 
  why do you think that including sources that indicate the lose of life in ireland being anything from [ 15 % ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=confederate+catholics+at+war&amp;oq=confederate+catholics+at+war&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;es_sm=93&amp;ie=utf-8 ) - [ 83 % ] ( https://books.google.co.uk/books?id=yh8haaaaqaaj&amp;pg=177&amp;redir_esc=y#v=onepage&amp;q&amp;f=false ) are good basis for teaching history when all it shows is that depending on how you argue a point and what evidence you drum up and what you ignore you can change the past . 
  ... it 's a joke ... 
  i had never heard about it in iceland . 
  super interested in a source for that considering how little we ever hear about nordic slavery in general . 
  but i have a problem with suggesting that stopping slaves in the mainland and indian provinces for portugal counts . 
  especially since the cartwright case was 1569 . 
  props to the french for trying though . 
  i 'm confused how it could be reintroduced ... like did they just round up all the former slaves and put them back to work . 
  that seems like a bureaucratic nightmare . 
  i think haiti declared independence before the end of the slave trade so they are probably in that group to . 
  i think that they scrapped the slavery as soon as they broke free . 
  he has to be a troll . 
  there is no way he is not a troll . 
  abolition of slave trade for the entire british empire was 1807 . who was before that . 
   from my experience its primarily england that seems to only see the positive aspects of britains history . 
  what is your experience ? 
  because if your primary source is online internet comments than that 's not exactly a well balanced or credible source . 
  on the flip side what do you know about cromwell outside his campaign in ireland ? 
  compared to his contemporaries in europe his point still stands . 
  the rise of the russian empire , the fall of poland , anything involving prussia ever , austria in the balkans , franco iberian wars , the ottomans . 
  40 % of ireland would barely register . 
  we live on a small rock . 
  as much as comparing people from the mainland to farm animals might be , your logic means that people born in america to irish parents are irish , in the same way as irish people born in britain are irish . 
  by this logic everyone in britain is irish , liverpool is nothing more than an irish colony and the entirety of scotland is a fable crafted by the irish who somehow prefered more rain . 
  phil lynott not actually irish , because his father was black . 
  do you see how stupid your argument is . 
   in u.k. schools they apparently just gloss over how much of a genocidal cunt cromwell was . 
  bit of a stretch mate . 
   i bet as a percentage of world population there 's not much between them . 
  julius caesar commited genocide in gaul and threw rome into civil war , hundreds of thousands of people died because this man existed . 
  exactly the same for alexander , whole generations of people were killed because of his vain quest for glory . 
  the big miss here is the population spike that is the industrial revolution . 
  the roman empire had roughly [ 12 million ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demography_of_the_roman_empire#population ) thatmeans that the nazi genocide is litterly the same as killing everyone in the roman empire . 
   the example of the irish famine , partly caused by anti-catholic laws the assumption the irish protestants do n't need to eat is a bit of a stretch . 
  yeah ... up da ra ... no one in ireland ever claims to be proud of that . 
   as for the middle east - the usa and the uk invaded and occupied iraq ( and afghanistan ) . 
  please indicate when france or germany invaded and occupied a country in the middle east in the last 10-15 years ? 
  i must be a bit behind in world affairs . 
  apparently you are ... countries involved in the invasion of iraq are the us/uk/aus , and the only reason you do n't know of anyone else is because most of the media you consume is probably in english . 
  countries from europe involved in iraq alone ; romania , poland , georgia , ukraine , denmark , italy , netherlands , spain . 
  minor forces were sent from , iceland , hungary , portugal , norway , slovakia , moldova , macedonia , lithuania , latvia , estonia , bulgaria , azerbaijan , armenia , albania , bosnia . 
  france and germany explicitly ? 
  france maintains constant peacekeeping ( this is the same term used in iraq ) forces in africa , most notably the current fight against boko haram , who have sworn to isis cause , and operation hercules in afghanistan , germany similarly was involved in afghanistan ( like all nato countries were ) of course germany and france are major players in eutm ( european union training missions ) were they train up local forces , currently in mali , somalia , kosovo ) i suppose you forgot all those article before the current crisis , where people would flee africa through tunis and morocco , and the italian navy could not cope . 
  [ syria is only the most recent country to join the tide ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/may/15/europe-migrant-tide-tragedy-africa ) so . 
  do you support france 's continued operations in mali despite the tide of refugees coming from such a place . 
  if so i fail to see how you can argue that the current bombing of syria is any worse , especialy as the french have troops on the ground . 
  because tourism is a longer term industry than oil ... 
  why do georgia , turkey and azerbaijan not follow that rule ? 
  i personally do n't think it has , just attributing feminism to feminization of anything is bad language . 
   feminism . 
  umm what ... that 's entirely irrelevant to his point . 
  `` feminization '' has nothing to do with feminism , ones and adverb the other a philosophy . 
  having something undergo `` feminization '' is against many types of feminism . 
  visa free , is not right to work , or right to live , countries can impose visa free travel but applying for a job may still need a visa . 
   now , did i waste my time going through this slowly and point-by-point ? 
  nah , lush , trying to follow these threads is telling me i need more coffee .
