  german ` analysts ' and a washed-up former polish prime minister do not control the french nuclear system . 
  this is a non-story dressed up as though it 's one of the greatest geopolitical shifts away from the usa of all time , and apparently it 's all the fault of donald trump . 
  you can easily consider this as ` fake news ' based not on outright lies but instead on a willful , rather disgusting over-exaggeration , and everyone should be able to recognise that regardless of whether you are pro-trump , anti-trump , pro-eu or anti-eu . 
  even if you accept the jobs are n't coming back , why would someone in that scenario vote for a candidate/party or system which did n't even * attempt * to retain those jobs in the first place or provide alternatives / adequate safety nets ? 
  they have been forgotten , they have been taken advantage of and they have been ignored . 
  like it or not , non-skilled/lightly-skilled immigrants do exacerbate the situation in poorer regions of the west , both economically and culturally . 
  it 's only natural that someone offering control and restriction over immigration , [ which in the uk at least is over 3x what it was in the 1990s ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2001/jan/25/race.world ) at [ 330,000 in 2015 ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-34931725 ) , will get increased support . 
   my nation is responsible no it is n't . 
  the decisions made by a handful of barely elected politicians and the consequent events are not the responsibility or actions of an entire nation and people . 
  individual responsibility is not lost over time . 
  it 's not as though english people even of the time period are responsible , as only 1/14th of the population could vote back then until the reform act of 1867 . 
  it 's hardly comparable to nazi-voting germans of the past . 
  seems useless to attempt any extrapolation without considering the affects of the industrial revolution and emigration . 
  ireland never would have industrialised to the same extent compared to other european powers and population would likely remain quite small . 
  oh yawn , no it is n't . 
  since the eu referendum result the support for independence in scotland has n't reached close to 50 % . 
  it 's mindful to remember that almost 40 % of scot voters also opted to leave the eu . 
  for many proponents of scottish independence , leaving the uk to join the eu is in no way ` true ' independence . 
  an independent scotland will likely never hold a referendum on eu membership , even less likely one that would result in a leave vote , therefore a significant number of would-be independence voters will vote to remain in the uk in any referendum while there is still the distant prospect that scotland would be able to remain in the eu . 
  the scottish independence vote is now irrevocably split . 
  in 2014 they had a chance when oil was high , the eu was strong , the uk prime minister was weak and brits had n't become fed up with referendums . 
  if the scottish national party thought they had even a whisker of a chance at conning the scottish people into voting for independence now then they 'd be jumping at the chance to have another referendum . 
  no , instead they 've taken the juvenile approach of only wanting a referendum when they think they 'll win one . 
  well that 's not how things work in the real world :-), 
  there was never any attempt at invading iceland during the cod ` wars ' , [ but the uk certainly did n't fail when it invaded iceland in ww2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/invasion_of_iceland ) . 
  that 's what you get for refusing to join the allies !, 
  hmm , i suppose we just have different expectations and definitions of integration which of course is difficult to objectively describe . 
   schr\u00f6dinger 's immigrant what an utterly meaningless insertion of a buzzword which never made sense even during the brexit debate . 
  some immigrants work , some do not work , what 's so difficult to understand about that ? 
  regardless , your usage of the term makes no sense in this context . 
  ` integration ' is not defined as whether immigrants and their descendants vote or not . 
  it 's about whether they embrace national culture and customs and western liberalism , defined more complexly than by simply taking part in the election . 
  i think that can be done in a far less divisive way . 
  it could have just had the woman in the poster standing in the centre holding a union jack , the words reading `` this is your home too , make your voice heard '' or something to that effect . 
  it 's different situation in each area of the country and with each group , but on the whole there is generally an issue with a lack of integration . 
  i do n't feel like that 's connected to politics and voting however , if that 's what you 're trying to link to . 
  it 's a set of greatly different values and customs that divide people , most of which would likely remain in place regardless of the level of integration into the political fabric of the country . 
  but we likely have different standards and expectations for ` integration ' . 
  i believe that it 's the newcomer 's duty to respect the ( most of the time ) safer and more developed country they 've moved to and adopt the host country 's values and customs , not the other way around . 
  i 'd definitely prefer the swiss approach . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  it does sound a bit iffy so i think i 'll avoid it also !, 
  i do n't think ethnic minorities need encouragement to vote anymore than white british people do . 
  i especially do n't think they need racially-targeted posters that set one group of people in society up against another . 
  i definitely reject the premise of the poster that symbolises ethnic minorities with small old woman and symbolises white british people with a racist thug . 
  the whole premise of organising a separate ` black vote ' is backwards and socially harmful . 
  it 's part of a growing trend of self-isolation and self-exclusion being perpetuated by some ethnic minorities . 
  i remember some time ago reading an article in the guardian written by a black woman suffering from breast cancer . 
  she had a cyst under her armpit but thought it was harmless . 
  eventually she got it checked out and it turned out it was cancer . 
  here 's an excerpt :  that 's when they told me i had stage two cancer . 
  i remember thinking that this could n't be right . 
  i 'm healthy and fit , and play a lot of sports . 
   as a black woman , breast cancer was n't something i had received much information about . 
  no one in my family had had it , and i do n't remember learning about it in school . 
  ** when you pick up a breast cancer leaflet you tend to see a white woman staring back at you . 
  i never saw it as an issue that specifically affected me . 
  **  but , of course , it does . 
  in fact , new analysis shows that black women in england are twice as likely to be diagnosed with advanced breast cancer as white women . 
   ** i believe black women are less likely to go for screenings because the prevention work is not targeted at us ** . 
  it would be great if larger charities made sure that their messaging reached women of colour . 
  this reminds me of your sentence here :  you 're saying that there 's no reason to encourage members of ethnic minorities in the uk to engage with the political process neither cancer awareness campaigns or election/voter awareness campaigns are directed towards any race or ethnicity currently , and they never ought to be . 
  i do n't think there should be extra effort to engage with ethnic minorities on such matters , because it facilitates and validates whatever prejudices and self-isolationist tendencies that they might have ( just like white people have them too ) . 
  you 've go to be pretty stupid as an individual to not think breast cancer will affect you because a leaflet has a woman of different ethnicity than you on it . 
  and you 've got to be equally stupid to think you should n't / ca n't vote because you do n't see adverts and campaigns directly targeted towards your ethnicity . 
  this is what i see in the left . 
  a continued stride towards backwards and rejected policies like racial segregation . 
  white people and black people do not need separate cancer awareness campaigns , and nor do they need separate election awareness campaigns . 
  if we permit such things we permit racial segregation and prejudice , which actually everyone must work towards erasing , not just white people . 
  i do n't think that 's a disingenuous comment at all . 
  the poster above me referenced portugal and mozambique in such a manner as to equate their former colonial relationship with that of relationship between anglosphere nations today . 
  clarification seemed necessary . 
  i doubt it . 
  no , tl ; dr : the republic of ireland has no remaining independent culture of notable significance to legitimise its exclusion from the ` anglosphere ' . 
  perhaps you ought to ` think ' before presuming to speak on behalf of every non-british citizen of the european union resident in scotland at the time of the 2014 independence referendum . 
  i daresay an awful lot of eu citizens thought scotland * would * opt for independence , and unless you can prove otherwise your claim , quite simply , is wrong . 
  do you keep my username written down in a little notebook or something ? 
  that makes me feel quite special indeed . 
  so no eu citizen would consider moving to scotland if it was an independent nation ? 
  charming . 
  you do n't seem convinced that scotland could make it as an independent nation then , i take it ? 
  i do n't think that there 's any such indication eu citizens voted for scotland to remain in the uk more than they voted for independence . 
  regardless , irish and commonwealth citizens * could * vote in the eu referendum , most of whom would have had reason to want the uk to remain in the bloc , largely for travel purposes . 
  [ over 300,000 irish citizens in the uk were eligible to vote in the eu referendum ] ( https://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/irish-voters-could-influence-brexit-referendum-1.2513054 ) , and likely had a sizable impact on the outcome . 
  thankfully they did n't swing the vote enough for remain . 
  are you trying to flirt with me , pablo ? 
  massive cock actually . 
  anglosphere is n't synonymous with british . 
  more like muppet2 then , is n't it ? 
   we are not british did n't say you are . 
  read it again . 
   anglo-irish people make a tiny percentage of the population of the irish population . 
  do you have the statistics for that ? 
  there are no pure irish people in the world , in the same way there are no pure english or pure french or pure german people . 
   we have our own distinct culture . 
  if you 've read the post , you 'll see that i 'm arguing that whilst ireland has a culture , it 's not very distinct from that in other anglosphere countries . 
  irish culture as understood by the world is pretty artificial and even stronger in many parts of the usa than it is ireland itself . 
  [ i think i 've stumbled across the only solution to this dispute . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_cyprus ), 
   technically what we speak is hiberno english you speak english .
