   the plans to move portraits of former faculty staff from the main entrance wall and replace them with more bme scholars are being implemented by the world famous institute of psychiatry , psychology and neuroscience , following concern among academics that current teaching is too `` intimidating '' for ethnic minorities . 
   the proposals were unveiled by professor patrick leman , the institute 's dean of education , who said that the faculty should not just be filled with `` busts of 1920s bearded men '' but rather more modern , diverse scholars so that the institute feels less `` alienating '' . 
  when our supposed ` intellectuals ' yield to this sort of madness it almost makes you think we deserve to be living through this era of western decline . 
  rotting from the inside out . 
  of course people are becoming ` tired of experts ' when such experts follow dangerous ideologies like racial self-hatred . 
  this is like the beginning of a cultural purge . 
  yes , we * should * remember manchester when it 's the anniversary of such a needless and preventable viscous attack that killed innocent children , just like we should remember the nice attack on its one year anniversary today . 
  breaking news at 11 : [ irishman reinvents the riverdance ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jflevoo_iqy&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=23s ), 
  scotland has n't specifically rejected anything . 
  it was n't a separate entity to be counted in the referendum . 
  what scotland , wales , england or northern ireland individually voted for matters no more than what my own street voted for . 
  i 'll do my best . 
  i do n't know what the problem is . 
  51.89 % is more than 48.11 % . 
  if leaving the eu is without mandate , then remaining in the eu has even less of a mandate . 
  what is the correct percentage by which brexit must be achieved . 
  if you want we can impose that on any referendum regarding irish unification or scottish independence . 
  would 52 % in favour for a united ireland be invalid to you ? 
  do n't lie now . 
   the met 's own figures show there were 261 acid attacks in 2015 , rising to 458 last year . 
  i ca n't think of any legitimate reasons for buying this sort of acid . 
  just ban it and introduce ` acid-carrying ' licenses or something . 
  buying sulphuric acid is n't a human right ... 
  practically no mention in this thread of the terror attack last year in which 86 people died . 
  typical . 
  just pretend it did n't happen . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  if brits had changed their minds and wanted to stay in the eu then in the general election there would have been more votes for the liberal democrats and greens which want a second referendum on brexit . 
  80 % of voters voted for parties that support continuing with brexit . 
  sorry to ruin your deceptive narrative . 
   the powers given to the eu by all of the uk regions the uk regions have never given * any * powers to the eu , only the uk gov has . 
  there were no devolved governments when the uk joined the eu . 
  it 's the uk gov 's right to do what it pleases with such returning powers . 
  the uk is decentralising while the eu is integrating further . 
  it will only be a few decades until scotland has more power inside the uk than denmark will in the eu . 
  and scotland did n't ` overwhelming ' vote to remain . 
  almost 40 % of scots also voted leave . 
   european federation of planets sure thing , space man . 
   the 66-page bill will transfer eu laws onto the british statute book for when the u.k. leaves the bloc in march 2019 . 
  but the leaders of the semi-autonomous scottish and welsh governments attacked may 's plan for failing to give them sufficient powers and threatened to block the bill in votes in the national legislatures in edinburgh and cardiff . 
  the devolved governments should be happy to receive whatever extra powers they get . 
  they would n't be getting any if we remained in the eu . 
  ridiculous that sturgeon wants more powers for scotland now , only to want to hand them back over to brussels in the unlikely event that scotland becomes independent and joins the eu . 
  this is no ` english power grab ' . 
  england is the only part of the uk that has no devolved parliament and as a unit has no political say in british law . 
  england could n't block this bill because it does n't have the means to . 
  why should scotland , wales or northern ireland be able to ? 
  germany did a good enough job of that itself when it called for hundreds of thousands of refugees to come to germany without thought or cooperation with the countries that those migrants would pass through to get to germany or the countries that those refugees would then be free to travel to once accepted as eu citizens . 
  there 's nothing to forgive . 
  the ` misuse ' of food products is not a crime . 
  if i lay bacon on 100 cars , how many police sentences will i receive ? 
  will i only be punished if one of the cars belongs to a muslim ? 
  this is a ridiculous direction we 're heading in , it needs to stop now . 
  what an absurd article . 
  not worth the effort to respond to . 
  few contest otherwise . 
  the newstatesman might be for continuing eu-membership , but the election clearly revealed that most brits are happy enough to leave the eu , else more people would have voted for parties that support a second referendum and ultimately staying in the eu , those being the liberal democrats and greens . 
  i 'm not saying that they 're not ` allowed ' to on my authority , just that it 's a political impossibility and that therefore it 's incredibly unlikely to happen . 
  it 's been rejected continuously by high ranking government officials and in the commons . 
   if brexit is costing ireland , then it makes sense for eu to get uk to pay for it . 
  even if there * are * legitimate grounds for the uk to pay such a bill , the cost of that bill can only be dependent on the uk 's preexisting commitments to the eu budget . 
  random figures and costs like financial aid for irish business ca n't just be added to that bill . 
  there 's no legal basis for any such move . 
   after all , it 's not like uk has any choice in the matter . 
  the uk does have a choice . 
  why do we keep hearing ` no deal is better than a bad deal ' ? 
  because it 's true . 
  the uk will be paying nothing like # 100 billion . 
  sorry , i should make better comments like you do . 
   let 's just add that to the brexit bill . 
   edit : haha . 
  salty brexiters below . 
  it 's so easy to trigger them . 
  [ the one that is n't going to be paid ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/vhbkuczq3ni?t=23s ), 
  guardian comments are just as ridiculous as those from the sun or daily mail . 
  ------  ireland is more prepared for brexit than westminster will ever be ... begging for eu aid does n't seem like good preparation to me . 
  -----  as ever , the uk cares little about the cost of brexit to supossed friends like ireland . 
  i want the uk gov to serve the people of the uk , not ireland . 
  they have a duty to continue with brexit regardless of whatever impact it has on ireland , a foreign country that has its own government looking out for it . 
  it 's not our fault ireland is vulnerable and weak in this situation . 
  -----  maybe britain should pay this , seeing as it 's the cause of the problem no . 
  --  done . 
  no reason our irish brethren should suffer the folies of the brits again . 
  a random guy on the internet feels as though he has the authority to approve this aid . 
  it depends on what type of wealth you want to measure i suppose . 
  you could look at [ median income ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/median_income ) for example . 
  i would n't put much thought into such misleading measurements . 
  it 's not a good measurement of national wealth . 
  according to gdp per capita measurement , brunei has a higher value than norway and oman has a higher value than the uk , france and japan . 
  practically no meaningful economic information can be gained by these sorts of statistics . 
  after brexit , gibraltar probably would be better off if there was some level of cooperation between the uk , gibraltar and spain . 
  the issue however is that it 's not for the uk or spain to impose that cooperation on gibraltar without its say . 
  the uk government serves gibraltar in this sense . 
  uk politicians ca n't support any cooperation unless the people of gibraltar do . 
  it 's the same with the falklands . 
  the uk does n't refuse talks with argentina because of orders from london . 
  the uk serves the whims of the falkland islanders in that regard , and can only hold talks if the falklanders want them to take place . 
   that makes ireland the current top beneficiary of uk jobs coming from england feel free to enjoy whatever scraps you get . 
  largescale investment continues in the uk , there 's been no major withdrawal by any big companies or banks , and today data has been released revealing the uk unemployment rate to be at its lowest since 1975 , at 4.5 % .
