  the savage tribes of ireland were united into one entity by england as an english vassal state , the kingdom of ireland . 
  obviously the kingdom of ireland was united into united kingdom via the act of union 1800 . 
  when ireland became the irish free state , a dominion of the british empire , northern ireland ` opted-out ' via this address :  most gracious sovereign , we , your majesty 's most dutiful and loyal subjects , the senators and commons of northern ireland in parliament assembled , having learnt of the passing of the irish free state constitution act , 1922 , being the act of parliament for the ratification of the articles of agreement for a treaty between great britain and ireland , do , by this humble address , ** pray your majesty that the powers of the parliament and government of the irish free state shall no longer extend to northern ireland . 
  ** the act of union 1800 has only been repealed in the sections of the island of ireland that became the irish free state ( subsequently coming the republic of ireland in 1949 ) , and the act remains in force in northern ireland . 
  therefore it is factually impossible that northern ireland could have ever been annexed from the irish free state because the irish free state was a new creation . 
  it 's a bit embarrassing that i know more about the issue than you do really . 
  that 's right !, 
  hopefully it wo n't come to that stage but we can always rebuild hadrian 's wall if we need to , 
  what i ` fear ' is the prospect of scotland becoming part of the schengen zone and retaining a loose border with the rest of the uk , thereby potentially functioning as a figurative poison-seeping sore still enabling the easy movement of migrants into the remainder of the uk . 
  may sound unfair but my priority is limiting immigration . 
  not at all . 
  the eu is n't important enough an issue for scotland to leave the uk despite the raving of the snp . 
  these negotiations reported in the news only reveals how removed the eu is from life in the uk . 
  no one has heard of these eu politicians , there 's limited desire to rush back to the eu . 
  almost 40 % of scots voted to leave the eu , a great deal of them snp voters who want * true * independence for scotland outside the uk and eu . 
  scots have more sovereignty over themselves than people in england do . 
  scots elect an amount of mps to westminster in accordance to their population and scots fulfill senior roles in all major parties . 
  unlike england , scotland also has great autonomy with its own parliament which legislates policy that only affects scotland . 
  scottish mps regularly vote on english only laws while english mps can not vote on scottish only laws . 
  scotland voted to remain part of the uk , not part of the uk as an unchanging entity that would never adapt or evolve . 
  scotland voted to remain in the uk regardless of what its future in europe would be , that 's what it means to be part of a nation . 
  the snp could have promised that a rainbow would appear in the sky everyday in their manifesto , that does n't mean it would happen . 
  the snp were foolish for including such a claim . 
  it delegitimises them greatly and reveals their political immaturity and incapability . 
  being part of a nation is n't like being signed up to netflix . 
  you ca n't swap and change or cancel your membership whenever you feel like it , and no part of the last referendum stipulated that scotland would be able to adjust this membership of the uk on a whim after voting to remain . 
  scotland did n't vote to remain in the uk as the uk was , they voted to remain in the uk regardless of what its future position in europe would be , regardless of what government was elected to westminster , regardless of whether the uk was in nato , regardless of whether the uk entered recession , regardless of * anything * . 
  the snp have no mandate on this matter . 
  that 's something mainland europeans tell themselves to make themselves feel better . 
  why would india speak english ? 
  would the political classes in 1870s japan have learned english had the uk not been the dominant industrial power at the time still ? 
  english is the only language that 's ever been truly global , and it was so before the rise of the usa , which while eclipsed the uk 's economy much earlier on , did n't have a sustained global presence until the 1940s . 
  what an ugly flag you have . 
  and some more words : northern ireland will never be annexed by southern ireland . 
  south africa , eh ? 
  have n't you got enough problems of your own ? 
  [ you got it !, 
  wanting to reduce immigration is n't racist . 
  if you believe it is then there 's nothing else we can discuss . 
  i 'm not sure if you 'd like to hear what i call the eu . 
  much like the phrase ` little england ' ? 
  why is that okay to be branded all over the place if ` southern ireland ' is in such poor taste ? 
  end the hypocrisy . 
  the uk is n't going back on any workers ' rights thus far . 
  the great repeal bill will allow there to be modifications to workers ' rights laws that have been passed by the eu , but there has n't been any call for immediate modifications by anyone in any serious position of government . 
  i do n't expect there to be any changes to these laws before the 2020s . 
  regardless , a small amount of such laws are unnecessary burdens that make eu countries less competitive . 
  there is n't a one size fits all approach here , which is why the uk government should be free ( with consent from the british electorate after a new election in my mind ) to adapt these laws to suit britain . 
  and i 'd rather like immigration to go back to what it was like 25 years ago . 
  [ in 2015 net immigration was at a record high of 336,000 ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-34931725 ) , [ while in the 1990s it averaged at just 104,000 a year ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2001/jan/25/race.world ) if you 're talking about migrant rights , well that 's good too , because i do n't want eu citizens to have an equal right to live in britain than i do , a british citizen with ancestors here going back hundreds if not thousands of years . 
  i do n't expect equal rights in germany as a german should have . 
  of course i 'm not talking about being able to go around beating up french people and getting away with it or anything malicious , but you explain to me why eu citizens should be able to vote in * any * british elections , even the local ones ( they ca n't in general elections thank god ) . 
  if the uk removes the ` rights ' of eu citizens , that does n't mean that they 're going to be rounded up and forced to work slave labour . 
  and it 's just ` british isles ' but that does n't stop irish bellyaching . 
  i call it southern ireland because i know how it upsets them so . 
  i think the dominions are usually considered independent by most after the [ statute of westminster 1931 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statute_of_westminster_1931 ) . 
  it 's a grey area really , for example some people claim that even ireland only became absolutely independent in 1949 after it became a republic and the king lost the few powers and responsibilities he retained . 
  [ in certain former colonies like australia , the british parliament retained some powers to legislate as recently as 1986 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/australia_act_1986 ) , so some only consider australia attaining complete independence in that year . 
  south africa 's independence date is even fuzzier , it being unclear until it became a republic in 1961 . 
  small scale revolts are not wars of independence . 
  the mau mau were not legitimate advocates of kenyan independence and their rebellion prevented it for some years . 
  same is true in other circumstances . 
  i 'm not interested in reading about the fanatical whims of a fringe political party , no . 
  just accept that you 've posted an unworthy non-article , and that you 've only done it because you hate the uk . 
  `` welsh nationalists want independence '' dur ? 
  well of course they would , they want it . 
  why do we act as though it 's important when someone bias in favour irish unification , scottish independence or welsh independence ` warns ' about it ? 
  they * want * it to happen and of course will behave as though it 's imminent . 
  another issue is how we believe someone like nicola sturgeon when she says she 's done her most to prevent a second independence referendum . 
  really ? 
  she 's wanted scottish independence since she was 15 , she 's not a reasonable , unbiased individual who has tried to keep the uk together in any way . 
  i 'd rather have an indian doctor than a romanian thief . 
  britain may be a ` has-been ' nation , but romania is a ` never-been ' nation . 
  do some research . 
  [ ukip got the 3rd largest number of votes , but because of the first past the post system received just one seat . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_general_election,_2015#results ) [ according to the bbc , if we had a proportional representation system , ukip would have received 83 seats in parliament . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/election-2015-32601281 ), 
  you , with an eu flag , are of course going to say that . 
  maybe you can keep saying it and eventually trick yourself into believing it too . 
  no country is sovereign if it ca n't control something as basic as immigration and its currency . 
  the eu ref was only announced because the conservatives were afraid of losing votes to ukip , therefore allowing labour to win a general election . 
  a real leader would accept when they got something wrong instead of still attempting to maintain some sense of pride . 
  i tell you this will be the welcomed beginning of the end for the scottish nationalist party and movement . 
  no one knows what the future of the eu will be in just 5 years to come . 
  i do n't think anyone could foresee britain 's exit back before the rise of ukip in 2012/13 . 
  the eu has core issues and you ca n't ignore them forever . 
  one day the people of europe will need to chose between closer integration and the return to national sovereignty . 
  it 's clear for all to see that some countries like poland and hungary only remain in the eu because they receive development funds , and they 're not going to need them forever . 
  are you absolutely out of your mind ? 
  reporting factual information of britain 's booming economy is n't being pro-brexit . 
  in fact they try to be as negative as they can regarding the whole thing . 
  even in a tv soap they 've ran side stories trying to demonise brexit by portraying anti-polish graffiti in * eastenders * . 
  allegedly this was to reflect the rise of ` hate crime ' in the uk , which is a joke as that is now defined as anything as trivial as a mean comment on facebook . 
  two in the space of 300 years . 
  good job . 
  why not take a look at france , portugal and the netherlands 's attempt at holding onto their colonies after the second world war . 
  there was barely a moment where they were n't engaged in colonial wars or suppressing independence movements . 
  britain on the other hand only sought to maintain economic control of the suez canal . 
  the only other fighting occurred to hold back communism from engulfing colonies like malaya which were on their way to independence . 
  almost every country granted independence by the uk was given so freely , not because those countries won any wars over the uk .
