  that predates america how exactly ? 
  britain has n't been in decline since the 1980s , remaining a ` great power ' with the world 's 5th largest economy , a world-class military , a permanent seat at the un security council as a recognised nuclear power blah blah i could go on but it seems like i have to do this every week in response to the deluded imaginations of british decline held by citizens of southern ireland . 
  coming from the non-entity that is ireland ( entirely dependent on the uk for its own security ) i 'm not surprised you are so keen to adopt a pan-european identity . 
  solely because of a scandal revolving around heating ? 
  maybe i 'll consider otherwise when irish nationalists win by a great majority and consecutively . 
  so one country has n't changed it yet or refuses to do so ? 
  that does n't change the fact that the bizarre policy * has * been passed and that it has the sole objective of increasing the feeling of a common european identity , which the european commission itself has stated is a defined ambition of the eu . 
  not as effective as potato blight though right ? 
  [ gosh , you could n't be referring to this event here in the independent which reveals faces the attackers ? 
  ( ethnicity might shock you ) ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/crime/croydon-hate-crime-latest-police-release-images-suspects-assault-kurdish-iranian-asylum-seeker-goat-a7663691.html ) still , at least they did n't use nail bombs i suppose . 
  if a border agent is going to do their job thoroughly and properly then they should n't make any prejudgments based on passport colour anyway . 
  the changing of the colour of eu passports , along with european citizenship and other such policies is part of a long game which seeks to slowly strip away the features of individual nationality . 
  most will scarcely recognise it until it 's too late . 
  clearly enough european federalist politicians cared to a great enough extent to have all the passports of member states reduced to the same colour . 
  all part of a backwards ` europeanisation ' policy which occured right under our noses . 
  the call for irish unification will be what fades as the uk and ireland diverge further after the brexit vote and as both irelands but southern ireland specifically becomes more multicultural and non-catholic . 
  you can have national individuality without the primacy of it ruling your life . 
  a green passport is n't the same as annexing part of a another country . 
  they might live in northern ireland but they think of themselves as citizens of the republic of ireland only , indeed they almost certainly have irish citizenship . 
  they choose to remain living in northern ireland despite despising its existence , and only remain with the intention of bringing it under irish rule . 
  it 's still a call for annexation in the same way americans in texas called for the region to be annexed into the usa . 
  do n't you think it would be better if ireland returned to having its nice old greenish passport again ? 
  it 's a symbol of your nationality . 
   analysis from the independent scottish parliament information centre ( spice ) has revealed that the total number of scots without a job between 2015 and 2016 stood at 9.4 per cent of working age adults 322,000 . 
  this compares with the official unemployment rate of 5.1 per cent . 
   labour economy spokeswoman jackie baillie said : `` scotland has a hidden jobs crisis , with the figure for real unemployment standing at 322,000 . 
   `` no matter how much the snp government tries to spin the official statistics the picture on high streets and in communities across scotland is clear -- the government is not doing enough to create high quality , well paid jobs . 
   `` holyrood has the powers to radically reshape our economy but the snp would rather divide scotland with another unwanted independence referendum . 
  wow , the scottish national party government lying again ? 
  who 'd have thought it possible ? 
  ireland has only ever been a united country under english and subsequently british rule . 
  the irish free state , outside of the uk but still a british dominion , only had ( questionable ) jurisdiction over northern ireland for about two days before northern ireland formally ` opted-out ' . 
   most gracious sovereign , we , your majesty 's most dutiful and loyal subjects , the senators and commons of northern ireland in parliament assembled , having learnt of the passing of the irish free state constitution act , 1922 , being the act of parliament for the ratification of the articles of agreement for a treaty between great britain and ireland , do , ** by this humble address , pray your majesty that the powers of the parliament and government of the irish free state shall no longer extend to northern ireland . 
  ** the acts of union remain intact in northern ireland , having only been repealed in the sections of the island of ireland that now constitute the republic of ireland . 
  northern ireland thus remains the continuation of all previous incarnations of the irish nation , with the irish free state ( later the irish republic ) becoming a new entity and division of the island of ireland . 
  sounds like if you want unification now then you better request to rejoin the uk . 
  regarding merkel who has n't got a guaranteed future as the next chancellor of germany , she has said specifically that `` germany will help ireland `` as much as possible '' in meeting its specific brexit concerns '' , and that 's great because those concerns are the same concerns the uk has , which is maintaining the open border between the two irelands . 
  she has n't enlisted her support of a united ireland which will only ever come about when the people in northern ireland want it to . 
  calls for irish ` unification ' now essentially amount to nationalistic calls to annex part of another country , and it 's embarrassing that a supposedly developed country like ireland has a such an angry , nationalistic population in this regard . 
  there 's no law that stipulates an island must become one country . 
  there 's no law that calls for regions that share ethnicity and culture to be one country . 
  there 's no law that says previous territorial claims validate claims today . 
  a united ireland is no more valid than a united mexico stretching all the way to california , or a united uk encompassing ireland , or a united portugal in union with brazil . 
  you and other irish nationalists just need to get over it . 
  perhaps not in other european nations , but in britain [ the entire argument was based around the economy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ua1t13mdd-0 ) . 
  there was no political aspect to it . 
  it was almost solely referred to as just a ` common market ' . 
  even the bulk of the [ eurosceptic movement in 1975 focused on the economic arguments ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mvvgk8_nfo ) . 
   britain could allow free movement of people from the european union ** during an implementation phase after brexit ** to allow the economy to attract talented people , foreign secretary boris johnson said on thursday . 
  the lies began the moment the british people were told they were only signing up to a trading organisation even though the politicians * knew * it was always destined to become something else . 
  righto , i was just using the data in front of me which is where my error stems from - thanks for the info . 
  still , it 's an incredibly large number of migrants from poland and elsewhere who 've arrived since 2004 and onwards in the uk and ireland , and i stand by my point as a whole , especially regarding the uk specifically . 
  i 'm not trying to be offensive here , but these sorts of results really do reveal the society-shaping impact of the eu 's freedom of movement policy . 
  there should in my mind be no situation where polish-born individuals outnumber british-born individuals living in ireland , considering the strong links between the uk and ireland , geographical proximity and the common travel area . 
  this freedom of movement has enabled , since just 2004 , the polish community to expand and overtake the traditional community of british expats , and i do n't mean to argue here whether that 's a good thing or a bad thing , but it most definitely is n't a * normal * thing . 
  likewise , irish people used to be the largest foreign-born group here in the uk traditionally , which helps to explain why they enjoy proxy-british citizenship and the benefits afforded to commonwealth citizens despite ireland not being part of the association . 
  when confronted with this reality , and consider that in the uk there are almost 1 million poles now forming the second largest contingent of the foreign-born population after just 13 years , it only makes sense that people would be concerned by immigration . 
  i feel as though the scale of polish immigration will be replicated and surpassed in scale by romanian immigration over the next few years . 
  frankly i find it absolutely unjustifiable , and really the eu has forced britain out of the union by continuing this bizarre , social engineering-like policy not replicated anywhere else in the world . 
  it only has a parallel in the forced cultural assimilation programs such as ` russification ' . 
  yeah , it 's all westminster 's fault , ` cos somehow they 've managed to make it so that only scotland is in dire economic straits while the uk as a whole has growth among the fastest in the g7 , growing at 0.7 % in the last quarter compared with france and germany which both grew at 0.4 % ... all while scotland * contracted * 0.2 % . 
  oh yeah and brexit is causing so many problems , that 's why [ today jp morgan upgraded uk growth estimates for 2017 upwards , now at 1.9 % from 1.7 % ] ( http://www.cityam.com/262458/jp-morgan-upgrade-uk-growth-forecasts-economy-sustains ) . 
  how about * instead * we look at the hard data . 
  [ take a look at the scottish government publication . 
  section 4.2 found on page 4 . 
  ] ( http://www.gov.scot/resource/0051/00516398.pdf ) you can clearly see the point where the scottish economy diverges from the uk economy . 
  q1 2015 , a short time after nicola sturgeon became first minister . 
  this downturn is a failure of scottish national party policy , a claim supported by the [ scottish chambers of commerce who say  ( http://www.scottishchambers.org.uk/press-policy/press-releases/2017/04/900 )  `` this news must now bring an urgent change in policy from the scottish government in particular . 
  the scottish parliament has just introduced a budget in which medium and large businesses pay a higher rate of business rates than they would in england and where scottish higher rate taxpayers pay more tax than they would anywhere else in the uk . 
  the scottish government is also planning higher planning fees , a potential new infrastructure levy and the returns from the apprenticeship levy are also less direct than for businesses in england . 
  these additional costs for scottish businesses are only now being felt , so could result in an even less competitive business environment in scotland this year . 
   `` it is time for the scottish government to abandon this high tax agenda before it is too late , as these policies risk driving investment out of scotland . 
  instead , it must focus its attention on supporting businesses to grow and to create the jobs and wealth our economy needs . 
  urgent action is needed to reverse the additional costs that businesses are incurring in scotland . 
  yeah i get what you mean , the uk sub has also completely ignored this news because it is n't all doom and gloom . 
  nevermind !, 
   dustballs ... is this a new slang term that i 'm not yet aware of ? 
  is it a synonym for `` great news '' ? 
  take a look at the data . 
  section 4.2 on page 4 of this [ document ] ( http://www.gov.scot/resource/0051/00516398.pdf ) . 
  you can see where scottish growth has diverged from uk growth at q1 2015 , just after nicola sturgeon became first minister . 
  economic development in scotland is a devolved issue . 
   in the final quarter of last year , output in the scottish economy was down 0.2 % . 
   if officials find the economy has contracted in the first three months of this year then the country will officially be in a recession . 
   during the same period , the uk economy as whole grew 0.7 % . 
   the scottish economy grew by only 0.4 % in 2016 while the uk economy as a whole grew by 1.8 % . 
  0.7 % growth in the uk , and 0.2 % contraction in scotland . 
  it 's quite clear that scotland ca n't afford the uncertainty of another independence referendum . 
  let 's hope there is n't a recession , because * somehow * even though the scottish government has wide-sweeping powers over the economy , it will be westminster 's fault ( even though westminster is n't credited for scotland 's low unemployment rate ) . 
   the uk is n't even allowed to test-fire without the us navy , let alone actually fire one . 
  these missiles would be fancy barrels in expensive submerged metal cigars without prior us launch approval . 
  where 's your source for that claim ? 
  unless you have one , we 'll have to believe every other source out there that maintains that the uk 's nuclear weapons are operationally independent . 
  https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/uk-nuclear-deterrence-factsheet/uk-nuclear-deterrence-what-you-need-to-know https://ukdefencejournal.org.uk/no-america-doesnt-control-britains-nuclear-weapons/, 
  the article seems fairly confused . 
  i would expect no less than the bumbling vince cable of the lib dems . 
  very little is about negotiations with india itself , especially regarding the most recent visit to india . 
  it just lists various implied reasons why certain countries apparently wo n't want to trade with the uk . 
  it 's a weak attempt at disheartening and indeed frightening brits into thinking otherwise about brexit . 
  i find it pretty remarkable to be honest , that apparently india ( for reasons largely unspecified ) would be uninterested in a trade deal with the uk , which has the world 's 5th largest economy , but that it has a free trade deal with the city-state of singapore .
