  -----  3 only together can europe be a force in a globalised world . 
  as opposed to the 165 countries in the world that are not part of the eu and still managed to look out for their own interests . 
  -----  5 european values are in our genes . 
  the eu inspires others in the world . 
  no they 're not , that verges on racism . 
  those values are in our national * cultures * which should be preserved . 
  * europe * inspires the world , and has done for hundreds of years , not the eu . 
  the great europeans before us were not eu citizens , they did not hold allegiance to the eu , stop appropriating the successes of the nation states of europe . 
  -----  7 europe is the world 's most popular tourist destination . 
  and ? 
  france alone is the world 's most popular tourist destination , how is that relevant ? 
  people come to visit the nation states of europe , not the european union . 
  why is this point a ` reason ' for the european union ?? 
  -----  11 the eu promotes fair trade with the rest of the world tell that to african farmers impoverished by the eu 's common agricultural policy . 
  -----  12 the euro is a stable currency that offers many advantages yes , and many disadvantages . 
  southern european countries suffer because they can not set their own interest rates for example . 
  ------  18 the eu lowers the number of road deaths road deaths have been dropping practically every year in all advanced countries regardless of whether they 're in the eu or not . 
  stop claiming other people 's achievements . 
  -----  30 the eu ensures clean water for drinking and bathing . 
  is europe the third world ? 
  do countries only have clean water because they 're in the eu ? 
  will britain have unsafe drinking water when we leave the eu ? 
  ca n't we be trusted to check our own water ? 
  ridiculous . 
  -----  33 the eu makes it possible to live and work in any eu member state . 
  some of us do n't like that ` freedom ' extended to our ` member states ' . 
  --  36 drivers in europe do n't have to worry about borders . 
  no , but drivers and everyday people have to [ worry about the lack thereof . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=synefl9ij2s ) --  46 the eu combats terrorism no , the nation states of europe combat terrorism , just like every other country tries to . 
  if france foils a terror plot , france is combating terrorism , not ` the eu ' . 
  --  49 the eu is the world 's leading development aid donator the nation states of europe are * -----  52 the eu is the world 's largest donor of humanitarian aid the nation states of europe are * --  an entire section defending the eu 's actions during the migrant crisis . 
   54 the eu is protecting its borders beyond comment . 
  it 's all up there in his big beautiful head . 
  look at that smile !, 
  56 % of northern irish voters opted to remain in the eu , incredibly low for a country so closely entwined with another eu member . 
  if the result resembled gibraltar 's you 'd possibly have a point . 
  regardless , even after brexit , support in northern ireland for unification with the republic stands pitifully low , at [ 22 % in a poll conducted immediately after the result ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-37309706 ) , falling [ to 19 % in the months afterwards ] ( https://inews.co.uk/essentials/news/politics/major-survey-shows-brexit-hasnt-prompted-irish-unity-surge/ ) . 
  maybe that 's because the republic of ireland could never afford to maintain the level of funding that northern ireland has as part of the uk . 
  [ northern ireland receives 11 billion euros ] ( https://www.ons.gov.uk/economy/governmentpublicsectorandtaxes/publicsectorfinance/articles/countryandregionalpublicsectorfinances/2015to2016 ) a year in extra funding from the rest of the uk . 
  for contrast , the republic of ireland 's gdp is only 255 billion euros to begin with . 
  there would need to be austerity imposed on the roi just to simply * maintain * the current level of spending in northern ireland . 
  not exactly appealing to anyone . 
  there 's also unresolved issues regarding currency and whether northern ireland would continue to enjoy the level of autonomy it does currently in the uk . 
  northern ireland 's place in the uk is secure . 
  my first link even reveals that only 43 % of northern irish catholics would support a united ireland, 
  judging from their migrant deal with turkey ... unlikely . 
  northern ireland is our pillow . 
  no touch . 
  no it does n't , pumpkin . 
  if you want to deny that then you can , i 'm just sharing my experiences . 
  in the vast majority of cases , race or nationality is just picked up as a visible trait in the same way ginger hair is . 
  no , you 're misunderstanding me . 
  first of all , such talk is never banter , and i 'm not absolving the bullies of their blame , of course they partly are . 
  what i 'm say is we do n't know any other variables about the girl 's life and that i do n't think the bullies had the motive of causing the girl to kill herself . 
  that 's a very provocative claim . 
  where 's your justification and evidence for such slander ? 
  i 'm not defending anything , just giving my experience of when such language is used in everyday occasions . 
  your two comments however seem to go in the complete opposite direction and almost accuse a 16 year old girl of purposely bullying this poor polish girl until she committed suicide . 
  no no no , we 're going by your definition now . 
  turkey it is . 
  as if * school children * had the intention of causing that poor girl to kill herself when they said ` stupid pole ' . 
   verbal xenophobic abuse just part of the vernacular you say you 're british so you should understand and know that when people say something like `` effing indian '' they will say it if someone has cut them up on the road or if someone spills food on them . 
  they are n't seriously expressing racial or xenophobic hate towards that person , they are just picking out the most obvious characteristic about that person . 
  it 's exactly the same as if they said ` effing northerner ' or ` stupid blonde bitch ' . 
  it 's not nice but it 's how the working class tends to speak . 
  ( quotes from your previous comment on mislinked thread ) bullying happens in every country . 
  there are almost 1 million polish people in the uk , it 's inevitable they 'll also be victims of crime in the uk . 
  it 's incredibly sad that a girl has been so hurt that she 's committed suicide , but we do n't know anything about her situation , her mental health , family support and hundreds of other variables . 
  now if you 're blaming the people of cornwall for this event , keep in mind that most of them do n't even identify as british or english in the first place . 
   everyday i read about a racist attack with acid for being islamic or some getting beaten up for being eastern european . 
  this is simply not true . 
  you must be reading the same articles over and over , because such hate crimes are incredibly rare , even during the immediate aftermath of brexit such attacks ` skyrocketed ' to a total of something like * 40 * , and even then many of those were ` mean comments ' . 
   britain has turned into a sick country . 
  decades of tabloids going with the anti immigrant shit has shown if a lie gets told enough it 's believed and for the narrow minded commit acts like this . 
  would love to know where you live because britain is one of the absolute least-racist countries in the world and even within europe . 
  and many people are trying to enter europe from safe countries like lebanon or turkey . 
  we can just leave those ones where they are by your definition . 
  the article in this thread does n't match your comment or the title of this thread . 
  it 's linking to an article about deaths in immigration detention centres . 
  bullying happens in every country . 
  there are almost 1 million polish people in the uk , it 's inevitable they 'll also be victims of crime in the uk . 
  it 's incredibly sad that a girl has been so hurt that she 's committed suicide , but we do n't know anything about her situation , her mental health , family support and hundreds of other variables . 
  now if you 're blaming the people of cornwall for this event , keep in mind that most of them do n't even identify as british or english in the first place . 
   everyday i read about a racist attack with acid for being islamic or some getting beaten up for being eastern european . 
  this is simply not true . 
  you must be reading the same articles over and over , because such hate crimes are incredibly rare , even during the immediate aftermath of brexit such attacks ` skyrocketed ' to a total of something like * 40 * , and even then many of those were ` mean comments ' . 
   britain has turned into a sick country . 
  decades of tabloids going with the anti immigrant shit has shown if a lie gets told enough it 's believed and for the narrow minded commit acts like this . 
  would love to know where you live because britain is one of the absolute least-racist countries in the world and even within europe . 
  being accepted into europe is n't a human right , it 's a privilege you should have to earn , especially when fleeing from countries which have failed to make the same advancements we have . 
  there should be no effort made to bring homophobes into europe , particularly when the majority of people coming into europe now are economic migrants fleeing poverty caused by their own corrupt governments even now over 60 years after colonialism ended . 
  no different to ` north american continent ' which does not belong to those living in the north of the united states of america , a country often referred to as ` america ' . 
   the irish sea is n't a controversial term , the british isles is . 
  i say it 's controversial . 
   the main difference being the british subjugation of ireland for ~ 800 years . 
  i do n't see the relevance . 
  there 's no arbiter who can deem whether the fact that ireland was civilised by britain means the name of the british isles is contentious or not . 
  we 'll have to call it what we individually wish to . 
  i 'll be sticking with ` british isles ' , just like the overwhelming majority of the world population . 
  no , north sea oil and financial deregulation saved the uk .
