  she 's said `` not now '' , which means she 's dealt with the issue and has moved back to focusing on the real issue of brexit . 
  there 's only so many times a parent says `` no '' to a petulant , greedy child before ignoring them and carrying on with the ironing . 
  despite your claims , there has been no real shift towards support of scottish independence so it 's useless for the pm to spend much time on it . 
  scots do n't even want a referendum , and as you can see [ over 170,000 scots have signed a petition against one ] ( http://petitionmap.unboxedconsulting.com/?petition=180642 ) . 
  i do n't see a petition in * favour * of a referendum ... ? 
  she does n't have to provide any further justification . 
  good move , most scots do n't want another referendum as polls have shown . 
  i do n't see why a minority of nationalists should continue to be allowed to threaten the british citizenship of millions of scottish people because of xenophobic anglophobia . 
  they were allowed a vote just 2.5 years ago , which is more than what most other countries would allow . 
  see spain . 
  you triggered little mare . 
  you know that you come from a hollowed-out , weak culture only noteworthy to americans who claim irish descent in order to flesh out their own sometimes superficial culture . 
  the achievements of the uk and its people will stand the test of time long after the very concept of ireland has faded from mankind 's memory . 
  with this claim you only enable me to reveal the true history of the british empire . 
  most former british colonies were given independence willingly . 
  the only conflict was in ireland and kenya , both of which were also finally granted independence with british acquiescence . 
  the only country to fight and defeat the british empire and win independence was the usa . 
  ireland became a fully autonomous dominion of the empire on the same day south africa and canada did via british legislation and did n't become fully independent until 1949 . 
  regardless , british rule in no part of the world is comparable to the horrors of fascism , and you are an absolute child to behave as such . 
  it 's a ludicrous claim buoyed only in your mind because of ill-placed anglophobia derived from a bizarre ancestral hatred the result of falsely perceived injustice , which stems from poor education . 
  perhaps you need reminding that civilisation was * brought * to the collection of primitive tribes that was ireland before english and then subsequent british rule . 
  ireland has never been united as one entity except when as an english vassal state as the kingdom of ireland , as part of the uk , and as a dominion of the british empire , which the north remained part of for just 2 days before opting-out and carrying on as the successor to all previous incarnations of ireland . 
  former british colonies around the world are the most prosperous in the world when compared within their regions . 
  compare malaysia with countries in indochina , compare kenya with somalia , compare zambia with the congo , compare botswana with angola , compare belize to guatemala , compare jamaica with haiti and in all of those situations and more you will see the legacy of good british rule which has done more than any other country in the world to spread democracy , human rights , education and other core aspects of advanced civilisation , of which the uk is one of the core proliferators and progenitors of . 
  do n't even get me started on australia , canada , new zealand , hong kong and other outposts of civilisation in an often otherwise brutish world . 
  my country banned and suppressed the slave trade , began the industrial revolution , spread parliamentary democracy , built the world 's first industrialised infrastructure , banned the ritual murder of widows in india , created the global economic system , greatly contributed to the advancement of modern medicine and pioneered in almost every modern science , inventing and discovering to such a degree that the uk 's contributions to the world can be compared and superseded only by the might of ancient china . 
  the uk is one of the only countries in the world that does n't need to hide from its history and has contributed enough to the world to counteract whatever darker chapters may or may not exist . 
  shameful for him to taint the palace of westminster with those names and link them to the actions of the british government , considering all the uk sacrificed to continue on alone the fight against fascism . 
  the snp have only recently become left-wing , they used to known as the ` tartan tories ' . 
  the snp only follow left-wing leanings now in an attempt to differentiate scotland from the rest of the uk . 
  everyday scots do n't care about europe , the environment and refugees . 
  it 's just a proxy through which nationalism is channeled . 
  i 'm not anti-scot , not anti-irish either , just anti-terrorist and anti-terrorist sympathisers . 
  scotland and northern ireland are burdens on the english economy , but i do n't have a problem with that . 
  it 's in other parts of the uk like scotland where they go on about money all the time , i 'm just stating the facts , [ like how through the barnett formula england receives the least public spending on it per person . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-29477233 ) and what exactly does it mean to be ` pro-imperial uk ' ? 
  like what are you even talking about ? 
  you come across like some poor eternal victim , it 's embarrassing . 
  [ ca n't help what i am !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/u6_vyguhkfa?t=1m10s ), 
  well you did such a good job wading through all my comments like a little investigator , why not go try and find it yourself sweetheart , give yourself something to do !, 
  the eu has never been important enough that scots would vote to leave the uk to join it , and now if she 's still ridiculous enough to go through with a referendum and it is permitted she 'll see that screaming the virtues of the eu wo n't work . 
  if scots vote for independence it will be nothing to do with the eu and the world will finally see that it 's just because of anti-english hysteria . 
  i 'm proud of every comment i 've made , glad you 've repeated them here for me so they can get more views . 
  apart from quoting me , what 's your point ? 
  i saw on the bbc an interview with a woman who voted yes to independence last time but will vote against it this time purely because of immigration . 
  the reason i say it is because scotland almost certainly * would * vote to rejoin the eu . 
  there are going to be plenty of people who want scottish independence but who will vote against it because they do n't want to join the eu . 
  an independent scotland would almost certainly join the eu and then never leave , and like nationalists in every country , a great deal of scottish nationalists , the ones who have been for decades not just since 2012 , want to limit immigration and be fully sovereign . 
  therefore , in a vote that occurs before it 's ` too late ' for scotland to remain in or join the eu will see a significant number of nationalist scots vote to remain in the uk with the hopes of becoming independent in 5-10 years time instead . 
  around 400,000 snp voters voted to leave the eu as well remember . 
  there 's nothing easy for the snp and proponents of scottish independence this time . 
  indeed in many ways it 's harder because of the collapse of the oil industry , poor economic growth , currency issues and the core issue of whether there would be a border between scotland and the rest of the uk which will be outside the eu . 
  in fact in light of all those issues it becomes apparent that for independence to win it will need to focus on the emotional argument and fear , such as incoherent rambling about ` what type of country we want to be ' , as the financial and logical arguments are heavily against independence . 
  you 've blamed may for sturgeon 's actions , yet may is pm because david cameron stood down after the eu ref , which he lost because the eu was unresponsive to change . 
  the uk is only acting in the same self interest that the eu is . 
  nytimes is a rag . 
   scotland absorbs the costs of the uk being a g7 power . 
   she is n't wrong when she says may has not given an inch on compromising with scotland 's interests . 
  this whole thing has happened because the eu has n't compromised on the issue of freedom of movement . 
  ultimately you can blame the eu . 
  you 've swallowed her lies very well . 
  the uk gov already indicated it would be willing to guarantee the rights of eu citizens if the eu would do the same for brits in europe . 
  the eu failed to act though , so it is the eu that is failing all europeans . 
  brits tend to have more money and a higher ability to remain in eu countries to the same extent that americans or australians can . 
  it will be the poorer citizens of europe like poles in the uk who will suddenly find themselves high and dry , not by any action of the uk . 
  it 's probably larger than the movement for mercian independence , therefore it should be included on this map , which is ultimately poorly titled . 
   that 's not really your question , is it ? 
  what a vile attitude you have . 
  democracies are meant to be open and clear , not secretive and hidden away . 
  maybe you 'd prefer to live in communist china you lunatic . 
  lol goodluck . 
  well have fun waiting 30 years until there 's another ref :-), 
  fundamentally , whatever she says is n't really important . 
  may has to agree to such a referendum for it to be binding , and if the snp hold one they risk giving the world the impression that scotland is becoming a relative pariah nation . 
  it 's not as though scotland has n't been already given a referendum , the uk is n't standing in the way of self-determination . 
  the simple fact is that such monumental referendums ca n't occur over and over until a small group of people get the answer they want . 
  still i do n't think one will happen for ages , the next ref will be the snp 's final chance for decades to come , and even if they are stupid enough to try and call one before the eu negotiations have concluded , may wo n't approve of one - [ she has signaled that at every opportunity , most recently just 10 days ago ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwzamxqfbok ) . 
  hmm not quite , the united ireland is a bit of an error . 
  [ there is an ulster nationalist movement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ulster_nationalism ) just as valid as the other nationalist movements elsewhere in europe . 
  indeed there are some in northern ireland who want to be part of neither the united kingdom or the republic of ireland . 
  i think the real story is the rise of geert wilders at all in the netherlands , which for so long the media has tricked the world into believing is a liberal paradise . 
  in truth it seems that netherlands-style policies regarding migrants create the most dissatisfaction . 
  it seems that all countries have racists , but that those in countries like the netherlands are some of the worst ( not their fault ofc ) . 
  the way in which geert wilders can openly say that turkish people should leave the country and say that they 're not welcome , but then not be forced to drop out of the political race because of societal expectations shows how much less tolerant mainland europe is compared to the united kingdom which has been lambasted since the brexit vote . 
  nigel farage would never say something nearly as radical as that , regardless of whether he believes it or not , because he knows british people would n't accept it . 
  all over europe we have seen the rise of actual neo-nazi groups and those like afd and the swedish democrats , which are all far more right-wing than ukip have ever been . 
  the rise of these parties is in response to the failure of mainland western european governments , but i can help but believe that if i lived in the netherlands i 'd be voting for his party too . 
  [ jose manuel barroso 2007 : european union is 'em pire ' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2ralocq9ue ), 
  i find it hard to believe that the nazi 's were the vanguard and savior of the white race when they had plans to forcefully move about 80 % of the male population of the uk to mainland europe to carry out hard labour if they had successfully invaded britain . 
  think of the thousands that would have died . 
  no thanks !, 
  it 's meant to be purposely patronising by playing into the stereotype scottish nationalists believe about england . 
  most scots have thicker skin . 
  i read most of the news websites so i can form a balanced opinion of my own . 
  reading through the independent and nytimes is the hardest though , but you believe what you want darling !, 
  it would be but we have a shared history , culture and kinship , it 's not all about money and it 's a shame so many scottish people can hate england so much despite all of that . 
  he was american , he was born in the usa . 
  the kennedy family lived in the usa since the 1840s , you ca n't even pretend that there is any real irish culture or legacy there . 
  do n't matter how ginger they are or how often they visit ireland .
