  i know people who voted to remain purely out of fear . 
  lol , alrighty mate , just giving you some information !, 
  you 're the one who made a silly comment , not me . 
  you go eat rotten fish or whatever it is you people eat !, 
  the only ones who talk about the former empire are those on the left who want everyday brits , the descendants of farmers and factory workers , to feel eternally guilty for the individual actions of long-dead lords and viscounts . 
  at various points in history , my ancestors have mined coal , maintained canal locks , been train conductors and more recently they fought against facsism in north africa . 
  * my * ancestors did n't own slaves or plantations . 
  they did n't invade bengal or partake in the opium trade or cause famine in india . 
  i wo n't feel guilty for it . 
  the uk is a modern post-colonial state , just like every other nation . 
  the uk is n't home to just 5m people however , so it makes sense that the uk , having the world 's 5th largest economy , nuclear weapons and a permanent seat at the un security council among other attributes , will have a different approach to geopolitics than a country like denmark . 
  that 's not imperial-nostalgia , just a reflection of the uk 's different geopolitical standing . 
  it 's plain to see in several countries , quite clearly in austria for example . 
  not sure how you can deny it . 
  ----- austrian presidential election , 2010 freedom party of austria - 15.2 % austrian presidential election , 2016 freedom party of austria - 46.2 % --, 
  well spotted , but as i pointed out previously , parts of the conservative platform have shifted greatly since just 5 years ago . 
  the conservatives now support leaving the european union , and attempted to make businesses list foreign workers for example . 
  this is because public opinion has also shifted , and the same is happening elsewhere in europe . 
  a force like the front national does n't need to win to greatly change french politics , it just needs to change the rules . 
  the anti-globalisation sentiment is not as great in the uk as it is in some other countries . 
  the main concern of brexit voters was the eu and immigration , and most campaigners want to increase free trade with other parts of the world . 
  in france it seems to be a battle primarily against globalism and nationalism , rather than just about the eu . 
  seats are n't exactly important at this stage . 
  brexit would never have happened without ukip , a party which at its peak only ever held 2 out of 650 seats in the house of commons . 
  still , they received just under 4 million votes , about 13 % of the total , and that was enough to bring attention to the eu and , by pressuring the conservative party around the country , helped initiate the referendum . 
  the point is , is that if 13 % of voters in the * netherlands * of all countries could vote for such a party , then that speaks volumes for the situation in the rest of europe . 
  the rise of ` right-wing ' parties in europe recently has set the groundwork for future elections/movements . 
  marine le pen has said things that no politician in the uk could get away with today , yet she could still receive 35 % of the vote in france . 
  it indicates her views are becoming mainstream , and that movements like her 's are swiftly transitioning to become the legitimate opposition to the globalist , multi-cultural policies at the forefront of western european politics today . 
  this is in response to repeated failures regarding immigration , terrorism and the economy . 
  i can only see those problems getting worse . 
  there will be no end to the migrant crisis , there are hundreds of terrorists already waiting in europe , and in many parts of europe the economy remains sluggish . 
  to re-purpose an old british political term , the ` post-war consensus ' in europe is coming to an end , and it 's almost entirely as a result of the effect of islam in europe . 
  it is being aggressively questioned and resisted by large chunks of the population in every european country . 
  the netherlands is supposed to be a liberal paradise , yet 13 % of votes were for a party almost defined by its anti-islam platform . 
  this is a sign of the radical change to come . 
  whether you think that 's a good thing or not is up to you . 
  this sub is far from normal . 
  that 's all i 'll say !, 
   thank you for telling me what to think about my own personal experiences . 
  you 're not every romanian individual , so maybe people do n't hate romanians ... maybe people just do n't like you ? 
  both are equally likely or unlikely , and neither can be proven or disproven . 
   and you still think you 're the underdog in the media . 
  it 's incredible how twisted people 's world views are . 
  it 's difficult to discuss the issue with you when you say that all british media outlets , even including those that deviate from anti-eu/anti-immigration sentiment like the guardian ` have n't got a shred of quality ' . 
  if you 've seen any british tv you 'd think otherwise . 
  thankfully we do n't have any of those awful late night shows with clapping and whooping excitable american audiences , but the remaining british panel shows have become incredibly biased in recent years , blindingly so . 
  well i 'm sorry you think that way . 
  people do n't hate romanians , they just hate being lied to . 
  in the weeks running up to the restrictions being lifted on romanian immigration to the uk in 2014 , those who were concerned that the pace of romanian migration would follow that of polish migration were roundly abused in the left-wing media . 
  you can see this sneering attitude in [ this piece from 1:23 to 3:08 ] ( https://youtu.be/t3eonsghzd0?t=1m23s ) which at the end of 2014 behaved as though everyone had exaggerated the scale of romanian and bulgarian immigration , yet [ this bbc news article says that by 2015 there were already 223,000 romanians in the uk , up from 128,000 in 2013 . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36704783 ) who knows what the number is now ? 
  the issue is n't romanians , it 's the scale of immigration and being powerless to control it while being part of the eu , with the problems it causes being denied by those who * really * have the dominant voice in the media and politics . 
  well there 's truth in the sense that the eu has regulation that separates bananas into different classes for marketing purposes , and that this has some impact on the stock in supermarkets , but of course it does n't amount to an enforced ban on ugly fruit . 
  i have n't got a news report on that to hand however so i do n't know to what degree the message has been distorted in this case . 
  every comment you make about the uk reveals a deep misunderstanding of british culture . 
  it 's not the 1980s anymore . 
  newspapers in print form or online do not have a monopoly on information or public opinion . 
  when there are reports of eu-policies regarding bananas and light-bulbs however , it never leads to hatred or anger , but bemusement and disconnect . 
  at worst , they 're seen as the markings of unwarranted eu-interference in domestic life . 
  perhaps british people do n't spend their entire lives challenging ` the media ' because it does n't actually have that much sway in society ? 
  if you do n't like the sun or daily mail , then you can read more neutral papers like the ft or times . 
  though i think we should be for humanitarian reasons , no one is actually prevented from reading the guardian or independent if they really want to . 
  it depends what they mean by ` access ' . 
  it 's completely unrealistic to charge the uk for just * access * to the market if no other country in the world must do so currently . 
  the idea that additional levies should be placed on the uk alone to make up for the shortfall in eu funding is laughable , so i 'd hope that is n't what is being proposed by germany , which is supposed to be known for its pragmatism and realpolitik . 
  well i downvoted them because your first one is an unfounded accusation against the british government , which i find pretty ridiculous seeings as the [ uk gov has been ranked the most transparent in the world ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-30883472 ) , and your second one is worthless and does n't contribute to the conversation . 
   are you for real ? 
  yes , of course i 'm being ` real ' . 
  why would i bother posting otherwise ? 
  ----- edit : i 've looked at the list of myths , and from what i can tell there is n't a single one here that is in response to a claim made by the british * government * , which is what i 'm asking for . 
  some of these are in response to supposed generic myths and misconceptions , while the remainder are in response to news articles . 
  nothing in relation to the uk gov from my browse - can you point any out to me ? 
  well , friend , if i 'm so clearly and obviously wrong , so much so that you 're in a such a complete state of incredulity , why not find me an example to prove me wrong or change my opinion ? 
   made them change it so they could blame it on the eu and said they are being made to do it i think that 's a bit of a leap to be honest . 
  i keep seeing these claims of the uk government blaming the eu for unpopular policy or other supposed failures , but frankly i ca n't find a single instance of such behaviour . 
  few even in the conservative backbenches actively blamed the eu for anything , especially before the eu debate prior to the referendum . 
  even during the ` steel crisis ' in 2016 , while some [ news sources ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/uk-steel-industry-failure-eu-state-aid-rules-imports-exports-prices-2016-3 ) blamed eu policy , a [ uk parliamentary report ] ( https://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm201516/cmselect/cmbis/546/546.pdf ) specifically stated :  successive governments have not prioritised the issue sufficiently to force it up the agenda at the european commission . 
   the government does not require european union agreement to reform business rates so as to provide a more even playing field for uk steel producers . 
   we believe that uk ministers should have actively promoted eu action in support of european steel at a much earlier stage , and urge ministers to pursue an eu-wide response to illegal trade practices i honestly have seen no instance of the uk * government * blaming the eu for anything , and i 've actually looked , rather than just believe the cheap stereotypes . 
  no , i absolutely understand that . 
  i 'm very sorry and i only meant it as a joke , but i do understand that my comment could come across as very ignorant and offensive . 
  it 's easier to make a such a comment using the anonymity of the internet , and perhaps it did n't come across as innocently as i thought it would . 
  i would never want to purposely or accidentally make anyone feel discriminated against because of their height . 
  we 're humans after all , not giraffes !, 
  i did n't mean to make you feel uncomfortable or unwelcome or gain upvotes at yours or anyone else 's expense so i absolutely do apologise . 
  there 's a lot of german heritage for sure , but the royal family have n't been of pure german stock for some time now . 
  the queen mother and princess diana for example were both members of the british nobility with ancestry in the uk . 
  but * does * the bill ban overweight individuals from modelling as well though ? 
  the bbc article only refers to underweight models . 
   a previous version of the bill had suggested a minimum bmi for models , prompting protests from modelling agencies in france  but the final version , backed by mps 2015 , allows doctors to decide whether a model is too thin by taking into account their weight , age , and body shape . 
  i 'm only going by the bbc of course , so maybe you know more about the bill , being french and everything . 
  use midgets of course !, 
  no , the frequency of obese and overweight models is n't relevant . 
  incidentally , there 's an ever-increasing campaign to normalise obesity , starting with the use of ` harmless ' or ` cute ' little phrases like ` plus-size ' . 
  you can see the evidence yourself [ 1 ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/fashion/2015/nov/10/language-plus-size-modelling-fashion ) , [ 2 ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/sep/26/average-woman-plus-sized-fashion-doesnt-reflect-that ) , [ 3 ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2015/07/22/plus-size-men-empowering-self-esteem-movement_n_7832758.html ) , [ 4 ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2015/05/13/rebel-wilson-plus-size-clothing_n_7272180.html ) , i could post dozens more such articles which are trying to teach children it 's okay to end up like this [ poor beast ] ( https://youtu.be/1_xuwm844by?t=18s ) , who likely wo n't live another 10 years . 
  it 's discriminatory , not to mention incredibly irresponsible and * dangerous * to ban models deemed ` unhealthy ' because they are too thin and not also concurrently ban models who are overweight . 
  the state should have a duty to protect everyone , and not let the rise of obesity go unchallenged for the sake of ` feelings ' or ` self-esteem ' . 
  there are real societal problems with obesity , not to mention the impact on the economy and infrastructure . 
  obesity today is a much greater crisis than anorexia , and banning just overly-thin models sends out a terrible , deceiving message that being overweight is non-harmful .
