  the economy immediately suffered after joining the eec , which ultimately did provide some benefit later on but after the uk had already began to improve . 
  that was entirely unrelated to eec membership or lack thereof . 
  it was for a 3 month period in early 1974 caused by the cumulative impact of the oil crisis and striking coal miners . 
  indeed , the uk was already in the eec by 1973 . 
  [ have your crops gained superpowers yet ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_forest#/media/file:red_forest_hill.jpg ), 
  when born in northern ireland you are * entitled * to become an irish citizen , but you 're automatically a british one . 
  it does n't matter how old you are really , but i 'm not going to waste my time and talk with you after constant attacks like ` bigot ' and ` imperialist ' . 
  i discussed this matter yesterday to its full extent . 
  if you wanted to be part of that discussion you should have commented yesterday . 
  the comments are directed to a british individual born in northern ireland who holds british citizenship as a citizen of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  if you 're 39 years old i 'd expect better really , you just keep calling me a troll or bigot and it 's just incredibly boring now . 
  it 's not disputed by anyone outside of the republic of ireland actually , and is a term only avoided by the british government when talking with the irish government as an act of good will . 
  it 's used everywhere else . 
  you can accuse me of being ` bigoted ' or ` anti-irish ' ( which is funny because i 'm probably more ethnically irish than you are ) but it 's all just meaningless babble which i wo n't countenance with a response . 
  sounds good to me . 
  you brought up the topic of privileges , not me . 
  i stand by every word . 
  i do n't expect you to understand with a ridiculous flair that reads ` internationalist ' . 
  why not go try be ` internationalist ' in somalia , afghanistan , north korea or venezuela and see how you fare . 
  last year we rejected the ` privileges ' of being in the eu and having no control over eu immigration and various other matters . 
  no brexit voter expects or wants the same relationship to continue . 
  it 's a geographical term . 
  there are nuanced differences between the ` british ' isles ' and the ` british ' state in the same way that ` american ' fauna like the ` american buffalo/bison ' differs from ` american ' citizens and the united states of ` america ' . 
  if ireland is n't part of the british isles because it 's no longer in the uk , how can the islands be called the european isles if the uk is leaving the eu ? 
  you might say that britain ca n't leave the continent of europe , to which i 'll say ireland ca n't leave the island grouping of the british isles . 
  the british isles is a purely geographical term and does not imply british control over the island anymore than using the phrase north america implies that the continent is part of the united states of america or that the isle of man in the irish sea or indeed the irish sea itself belongs to ireland . 
   london -- jeremy corbyn should be part of the uk 's brexit negotiating team after theresa may lost her majority in parliament , a senior eu official has said . 
  no , that 's not how it works here . 
  we 've gone through the democratic process and a new government has formed . 
  theresa may has enough seats with the support of the dup , she 's got a confidence and supply deal with them , not with the labour party . 
  the labour party has n't even officially made its position clear on europe regarding whether we 'll be staying in the single market or customs union . 
  the party is full of those who want to stop brexit , of course . 
  this eu talk however to bring in the labour party just reveals that even when trying to play hard ball , eu politicians are desperate for the uk to remain as close to the eu as possible . 
  many of them and indeed many on this sub still think that there 's going to be a mass change in public opinion and that somehow brexit will be cancelled . 
  they hope to help this by bringing in jeremy corbyn , who they seemingly fail to realise only cares about facilitating mass immigration and diluting british culture and society , not remaining part of the eu project [ which he has continuously attacked . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxtvsquphmc )  verhofstadt highlighted the `` red lines '' that have been set out by the parliament , and said : `` it is a very detailed resolution which clearly stated that citizens interest must be a priority , there should not be a trade-off between security and the future economic relationship the eu is in no position to demand otherwise . 
  if talks collapse and there is no deal , uk defence and security cooperation with europe will be threatened . 
  perhaps not immediately , but public opinion will shift and the conservative party under new pro-hard brexiit leadership will almost certainly follow suit . 
  there is no future scenario where the uk continues intimate security cooperation with the eu in this situation . 
  defence and security * is * an asset the uk will use and is an asset that the eu will lose if talks fail . 
   the conservative government 's proposals would strip eu citizens in the uk of multiple rights , and would deprive them of european court of justice protection . 
   verhofstadt called these plans a `` damp squib , '' warning that it would leave millions of eu citizens in the uk with `` second-class citizenship . '', 
  that 's exactly what * should * happen . 
  why should eu citizens have the same rights as british citizens in the uk once the uk leaves the eu ? 
  i only have one account . 
  if you 're getting downvotes it must be because no one likes what you 're saying . 
  spent too long chatting to you and your alt today . 
  getting stale now . 
  same country , same government , same queen , same laws , same nationality . 
  you ca n't escape your britishness , [ best just accept it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bc8quqayyjc&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=12s ) . 
   tell you what - we 'll murder or banish 4 million of you and take the food and wealth from your country and then we 'll call it square . 
  do n't think advocating genocide will go down well on this sub . 
  uhuh fellow brit , so why would we use the shorthand version if officially renaming the islands , fellow brit ? 
  it would be great britain and ireland , would n't it fellow brit ? 
  it 's late , get some sleep fellow brit . 
  and irish nationalist hatred counts for even less . 
  [ lots to be proud of !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxsz6iv0dlm ), 
  not interested in dialogue with you , as whenever you do n't like what you hear you resort to calling people trolls . 
  stick to one account as well if you can manage it . 
  nope , just geographical accuracy . 
  yeah ? 
  ` british isles ' is globally recognised too , so that 's irrelevant . 
  by your logic we can keep using the term ` british isles ' too . 
  no , my motivation is geographical accuracy . 
  if ` british isles ' is inaccurate and must be changed , then ` ireland and britain ' is inaccurate too . 
  the island is and will always be called ` great britain ' to differentiate it from ` lesser britain ' , more commonly known as brittany . 
  we can ignore any islands if you want , the simple fact is that ireland does n't own the entire irish sea either . 
  british isles is n't a controversial term anywhere outside of ireland . 
  i do n't know enough about the channel islands to comment , but they ca n't be part of france in that sense because france is n't a geographical area . 
  perhaps colloquially it 's short for great britain , but not in any official capacity . 
  what is it with you and unfounded accusations of trolling ? 
  do you honestly not understand the term or are you trying to get me banned ? 
  you 'll have to be more creative than that . 
   the names of those seas refers the the seas not any land masses within them . 
  sounds like moving the goal posts to me . 
  why does the inclusion of the channel islands make the term political ? 
  if it implies british ownership of ireland , then the irish sea implies irish control of the isle of man , and the south china sea implies control of every landmass in the region . 
  there are plenty of apolitical examples . 
  it 's just a name fundamentally . 
  there were proposals in the 1950s to rename the uk as the united kingdom of great britain and ulster ( even though not all of ulster was part of the uk ) , but i do n't see how that would have any implication on the validity of the terminology of any of these locations . 
  i do n't see it as relevant . 
  you 're basically saying that the german sea was renamed to north sea as part of a conspiracy by the british to reduce german power in the region or something . 
  seems far-fetched to me . 
   there is a clear reason as to why we do not want to be referred to as british . 
  yeah , so feel free to personally as an irish person to reject the term and phrase , but you have no right or reason to expect anyone anywhere outside of ireland to care and have no legitimate right to be upset when such petty concerns are n't given prominence or attention by others . 
  fundamentally , you are rejecting globally-accepted geographical terminology because of emotions and prejudice . 
  your emotions prevent you from seeing the nuanced distinction between ` british ' referring to a group of islands and ` british ' referring to a citizen of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , yet you can probably distinguish between ` american ' referring to fauna such as a buffalo and ` american ' as in a citizen of the united states of america . 
  at this point such behaviour just becomes petty . 
  the british government only avoids the term when in dialouge with the irish government as a sign of good will . 
  ` british isles ' is used everywhere else . 
  ` great britain ' is the correct geographical term for the island . 
  ` britian ' is factually wrong . 
  using globally recognised geographical terms is not imperialism . 
  well of course you can , new england is n't in england . 
  there are plenty of places called caledonia around the world , most of which are not in scotland . 
  there 's even and england that is n't in england . 
   i thought you brexiters like to say that the eu is n't europe ? 
  you 're right , and the ` british isles ' is n't ` britain ' .
