  obviously this mass transfer of wealth between the countries of the uk ( and within england , from london to cornwall for example ) is justified because of the long-standing shared culture , history and so on . 
  it seems unlikely to me however that danes , frenchmen , austrians and swedes would be happy with such payments to lithuanians , portuguese , greeks and romanians . 
  there is no real shared identity between these people . 
  for the eu to succeed it needs to break down member-state national identity and remove sovereignty of national parliaments . 
  it 's already on the slow path to doing this , and has been for some time . 
  the eu will not succeed without this transfer union , and a transfer union will only come about when eu identity becomes more important than national identity . 
  maybe there 's a greater chance of this happening on the continent than in the uk , but i doubt it . 
   but let 's go with this logic , it 's better for the uk to negotiate , because it is smaller , so you can be more specific . 
  i assume you 're in favor of both ni and scotland withdrawing from the union then ? 
  this may be hard for you to read as a euro federalist , but the eu is a superficial artificial union barely 25 years old . 
  it 's in no way comparable to the intrinsic union between the countries of the uk which have been economically entwined in one way or another for hundreds of years . 
  do n't even attempt to compare the unions . 
   can you imagine a scenario where a country would think it 's beneficial to trade with singapore , and not with australia , or vice verse ? 
  can you imagine a scenario where a country would trade with either , rather than , for example , the united states ? 
  does anything i 've tried to explain even register ? 
  naturally there must be situations like that , but it 's a hypothetical situation which should n't define the actions of the uk for eternity . 
  it seems foolish for the uk to leave its trade relations to the whims of a supranational bloc which does not and can not put the uk 's interests first . 
  the uk is not an insignificant country like belgium , and in this shifting world it makes sense for the uk to set its own goals . 
  you 're in no position to claim whether any country in the world would or would not want to trade with the uk . 
  the uk economy is * not * the same as all the economies of the eu . 
  there 's great differences across the continent . 
  a trade deal designed with the entire eu in mind is going to be inferior to a trade deal arranged specifically for the uk , there 's no denying that . 
  the eu about the same number of trade deals as singapore , so evidently supranational unions are not necessary to have such a number of these deals . 
  as for the map you 've linked , the eu has n't got active trade deal with all of those countries , many are still being negotiated and it 's by no means clear that they 'll ever be completed as of yet . 
  i do n't read the daily mail . 
  the arguments you make are based on an assertion that the uk is uniquely disadvantaged in the world because of the specific makeup of its economy . 
  it 's an absurdity with no basis in reality . 
  regardless , the uk does not seek to merely replicate the trade deals of the eu , it has more ambitious goals of trading with countries as far a field as the philippines , nigeria and mexico , countries which the eu shuns because of ideological purposes , despite their long-term economic potential . 
  the simple truth remains that a uk-us trade deal will suit the uk better than a us-eu trade deal , as it will be tailored specifically for just the british and american economies . 
  this is true in the case of all such agreements . 
   what i 'm saying is , is that it 's delusional to suggest uk can get better deals for itself , than it had when it was part of the eu . 
  it 's the exact opposite . 
  the uk will form trade deals that are beneficial to the uk specifically , rather than having to consider the implications for the italian , french , romanian or austrian economies . 
  it 's ridiculous for 28-member states with vastly different interests to try and have uniform trade deals . 
   what does uk have to offer that would make other countries bend over backwards to trade with it ? 
  singapore is a tiny city-state with just 5m people , yet it has 20 free trade agreements covering 31 countries in total . 
  are you * really * saying that singapore has more to offer the world than the uk does ? 
  are you suggesting the uk going to become an isolated , impoverished backwater like north korea ? 
   when you 're just a tiny nation that 's hardly interesting to setup trade deals with in 1975 , eurosceptic peter shore spoke of a [ ` constant attrition of british moral ' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1j-gb8pk2pk&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=1m16s ) and a rubbishing of our country in order to demoralise brits into accepting the loss of our sovereignty . 
  modern day euro-federalists are just the same . 
  the uk * is n't * a ` tiny nation ' . 
  the uk is the world 's 5th largest economy , it is one of just 5 recognised nuclear powers with a permanent seat at the un security council with veto power . 
  the uk is consistently ranked 1st or second in terms of ` soft power ' , and this enhances the uk 's already potent military power . 
  the uk is a world leader in finance , aerospace , pharmaceuticals and military arms . 
  why is australia a country worth trading with but not the uk ? 
  you ca n't justify it in any way . 
  [ singapore ( population 5m ) has trade agreements with the usa , china , japan , india , korea , australia , peru , panama and others ] ( https://www.iesingapore.gov.sg/trade-from-singapore/international-agreements/free-trade-agreements/singapore-fta ) . 
  what can they offer that the uk ca n't ? 
  [ new zealand has trade deals with china , australia , singapore , malaysia , thailand , korea ] ( https://www.mfat.govt.nz/en/trade/free-trade-agreements/free-trade-agreements-in-force/ ) , and they only have 4m people . 
  you ca n't just talk down the uk to me and expect me to just accept it without justification and explanation . 
  the uk will thrive outside the eu . 
   the mass delusion going on across the pond about `` brexit the success '' , as if there is any chance at all that leaving a free trade union could ever become a ` success ' . 
  how is that even possible ? 
  only a fraction of the world 's nations are inside the eu . 
  the uk has n't been uplifted from third-world status by being part of the eu . 
  the single market only came about in 1993 , and the uk will manage fine outside it . 
  the european share of world gdp is in perpetual decline , and the uk will have a bright future once eu trade is secured after brexit , and subsequent trade deals are arranged with emerging economic giants around the world . 
  if australia , with a much smaller and less diverse economy than the uk , [ can have trade deals with the usa , canada , china , japan , korea , malaysia and others ] ( http://www.border.gov.au/busi/cargo-support-trade-and-goods/free-trade-agreements ) , then why ca n't the uk too ? 
  the uk has a more ambitious plan as part of its intention to become the champion of global free trade in the face of rising american and eu protectionism . 
  we are the world 's 5th largest economy . 
  to relegate the uk 's future to that of a purely european power , to that of a country so reduced in stature that it does n't even arrange its own trade deals , would be the greatest delusion . 
  you saying that does n't make it true , there 's barely any ` salty ' comments here , most people are joking and remaining respectful to each-other . 
  [ is this the ukip sign you mean ? 
  ] ( https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/3f510b25581c993fae11fe42817a9c6d3780f376/0_305_5049_3029/5049.jpg?w=700&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=max&amp;s=95648a1e7590d1aac19782ca61d0c568 ) it was a controversial poster , but it 's not as though the image has been faked or anything . 
  it 's a real photograph that 's been used . 
  i think the aim of the poster was to highlight the claim that the eu has poorly managed the migrant crisis . 
  it is a bit misleading , as britain was n't bound to accept any refugees , but there was a good deal of concern that those people would subsequently receive eu passports and then be able to come to britain . 
  the eu 's decison to allow in these migrants was * deeply * unpopular in the uk , where david cameron had instead committed to only allowing in documented refugees from camps in the mid east . 
  as for the actions of the uk gov , it 's true that it did not place restrictions on eastern european migrants in 2004 like many other eu countries did , but those restrictions would have ended in 2011 anyway , and very possibly brexit would have been happening in the late 2020s instead . 
  make no mistake , a lot of people in the uk still despise tony blair for doubling immigration within a few years of being prime minister . 
  specifically what i 'd bring up is though actually , is that i 've not seen any evidence of the uk government exploiting eu migrant labour or any uk gov criticism of eu migrants . 
  i think some in europe get the views of the uk tabloids and uk government confused . 
  the uk gov has long attempted to justify high eu migration or explain its benefits , but many people disagree . 
  as for jo cox , she was killed by an ultra-right wing fascist , but that is n't representative of brexit voters or campaigners . 
  the remain campaign for example is n't represented by certain communists , who for some reason supported staying in the eu . 
  even murders in prison form political views , but we should n't let our own views be affected by theirs . 
  religious requirement is n't a justification for child circumcision , of course . 
  many religions call for barbaric practices that we do n't tolerate in the west ( like stoning ) , so there 's no real need to be at all understanding towards religiously-motivate child abuse either . 
  religions should n't have supranational jurisdiction . 
  sigh . 
  brexit has nothing to do with the far-right . 
  some of the most prominent eurosceptics have been from the left , such as the late labour politicians tony benn and peter shore . 
  [ sovereignty transcends the political spectrum ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1j-gb8pk2pk ) . 
  we 've moved on from project fear to project hate . 
  the constant demonisation of those who decided to vote for something slightly different . 
  it does n't matter that surveys have shown that brexit voters do n't want eu migrants expelled , or that they do n't want to close the borders . 
  somehow brexit is ` far-right ' . 
  we live in such a hateful , twisted world , that those in the uk who simply wanted to leave a political union are branded as evil , racist , intolerant , or somehow in the same category as marine le pen who actually wanted to have a temporary ban on * all * immigration to france . 
  turns out that people wanting net immigration to be around [ 104,000 a year ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2001/jan/25/race.world ) ( like in the 1990s ) , rather than [ 336,000 a year ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-34931725 ) as it was in 2015 is what constitutes the ` far-right ' today . 
  it honestly makes you laugh . 
  slicing off random body parts of children is nothing other than child abuse . 
  we recognise it in girls , but why not in boys ? 
  i do n't think this can be emphasised enough . 
  i feel bad for those who have been , but i 've got to say to anyone who has been circumcised ... you have been impaired , you have been disconfigured , you have been maimed , butchered and mutilated for life , and you likely had no say on the matter . 
  do n't put your own son through it when you have kids , just to make yourself feel normal . 
  in only the most extreme , hopeless situations should circumcision be considered for those under the age of 18 . 
  this is the 21st century . 
  the uk economy has been doing quite well since 2013 , so i would n't put it down to brexit . 
  ultimately the uk economy is strong , and i do n't think the eventual european settlement will have much impact on that . 
  it makes you wonder how different the vote result would have been if so many had n't bought into fear-mongering regarding a ` punishment-budget ' , recession and a lost decade of economic growth .
