  and protestantism and catholicism definitely are n't different sects of christianity ... maybe the ira just slit throats for ethno-cultural reasons instead ? 
  that 's much better . 
  british forces have always been on the defensive in northern ireland , enshrining and protecting the citizens ' right to self-determination there . 
  republican groups sought to pressure the british government into abandoning northern ireland against the wishes of its people , and sought to terrorise northern irish people into accepting a union with [ a country they still reject today ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-37309706 ) . 
   if such a poll is held , a clear majority of people , 63 % , say they will vote for northern ireland to remain in the uk , while only 22 % would support a united ireland . 
  such republican groups largely disbanded and the good friday agreement came about after largecale infiltration by british forces and intelligence . 
  most ` peacemakers ' like martin mcwormfood only gave up their ways to avoid prison , like true cowards . 
   nope , i just claimed that unionists and the british were the most like isis . 
  lol , you actually have the gall to type it out specifically , good job . 
   the ira never went around slitting innocent people 's throats sounds like you do n't even know your own history . 
   [ there were ira men drinking in the bar , some of whom had returned from the bloody sunday commemorations in derry that day . 
  according to the mccartney family , a republican accused their brother of making a rude gesture to a woman in their group . 
  `` do you know who i am ? '', 
  he asked . 
  mccartney knew who he was but would not apologise , saying he had done nothing wrong . 
  a row ensued . 
  mccartney 's friend brendan devine 's throat was slit and the two friends stumbled outside . 
  a knife was taken from the kitchen and , outside the bar , mccartney was stabbed and beaten so badly he lost an eye . 
  the ira 's latest statement refers only to him being beaten . 
  others in the short strand say he was battered with sewer rods before his head was stamped on . 
  his family say the men went back into the pub , locked the doors , cleaned up , removed cctv footage and did not call an ambulance . 
  picked up by a police patrol , mccartney died in hospital that night . 
  his friend , whose throat was slit from ear to ear and stomach from navel to chest , survived . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2005/mar/11/northernireland.northernireland2 ) well we all know which group is on the right side of history . 
  maybe it 's because of [ this ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_troubles#/media/file:troubles_deaths_by_perpetrator.png ), 
  huh , really . 
  i think you must be referencing those who consider themselves ` freedom fighters ' seeking to fight the ` terror ' of british rule . 
  i mean , [ only one side in northern ireland leaves bombs outside of schools in 2017 . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-39679602 ), 
  it 's a single example which i selected because it was very recent and because it illustrates the process rather well . 
  regardless , doctor who is one of the uk 's most successful media exports and is quite influential in shaping the how the uk is perceived overseas . 
  the only thing funny here is the ridiculous exaggeration of russian influence and power . 
   er , he is ? 
  you support the british army not just the army , [ the navy too !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rb5nbp_gmgq&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=52s )  and openly mock other nationalities . 
  [ lock . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vc8tfiookvu )  have you taken a breath today without calling someone a rabid nationalist pretty sure it was just you today . 
  i never said that were no blacks or ethnic minorities in 1814 london , i said there were no black people in top hats and other examples shown in the programme . 
  such people almost universally would have been slaves or tramps , but of course it 's not politically correct to broadcast such truths , is it ? 
  they had a black royal guard for crying out loud ... where 's your ` evidence ' for that ? 
  i 'm ` upset ' at the propaganda and distortion , not that there were a minuscule amount of ethnic minorities present in the uk in previous centuries . 
  at least he 's not talking to someone who sympathises with child murderers . 
  by revealing these minuscule numbers , all you do show how absurd the situation is and further my point . 
  those numbers support my argument , they do not counter it . 
  london had a population of 1 million in 1800 . 
  a few freed slaves or servants does not justify what was shown in that television program . 
   are we not going to go down the anti-english article we were just describing to list the historical and contemporary citations of anti-english sentiment , aka `` anglophobia '' ? 
  there 's quite a lot of them . 
  we could talk about that for a good while . 
  discussing anti-british or anti-english sentiment for that matter has never been the basis of our discussion , so why on earth would we ? 
  i thought you had a victim-complex , but i did some rooting around and i see that actually your just a rabid irish nationalist . 
  strongly suspect a sympathiser as well . 
  you just keep in mind fella , that [ even after brexit , only 22 % of people in northern ireland want to join the roi ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-37309706 ) . 
  when pigs fucking fly . 
  lol . 
  the oxford dictionary has already listed one of its definitions as a loose term for anti-british sentiment . 
  it does n't matter how many words reference which definition in a wikipedia article . 
  you 're debating ability is so weak that you 've regressed to discussing the most-accurate definition of a word i used in my argument and not the topic itself . 
  you 're scarcely worth the seconds it takes to type a response . 
  do you read your own links ? 
   the term is sometimes used more loosely for general anti-british sentiment . 
  i 'm not sure if you know what ` literally ' means . 
  i 've said nothing about anti-english persecution , and whenever i use the term anglophobia it refers to anti-britishness in all forms . 
  your false quotes do n't amount to anything . 
  i 've only ever ` defended ' brexit ( to use your strange terminology ) against bizarre lies and mistruths . 
  my post history is quite varied as well , it does n't only contain incomprehensible anglophobic ramblings like your own does . 
  i 'm proud of everything i write . 
  you have a terrible victim-complex . 
  edit : funny how i get a couple of downvotes when i 'm not the one making comments that verge on racism and are already xenophobic . 
  uk growth in the first quarter is always weak , i think 0.4 % growth is typical most years . 
  it wo n't really be possible to judge whether there 's been a real slowdown until the second quarter figures are released in some months ' time . 
  the calls to stop brexit have quietened all over the uk in recent months , and in scotland the calls for a second independence referendum have n't increased to replace them . 
  this indicates that most people in scotland are following the pan-uk trend of accepting brexit as a fact of life now , which hopefully means we can all focus on getting a deal that 's good for everyone . 
  for everyday remain and leave voters , it 's hard to sustain any real feeling towards the eu commission , parliament or council and the mandarins within . 
  it 's impossible to remain passionate about the eu or stay angry at it when it is so disconnected and oblique , though i do think some who were previously pro-eu or at least neutral towards it have had their views challenged in response to reports of a 100b euro bill , which is universally seen as excessive . 
  ultimately , i think that most brits are realising that there just are n't enough benefits of staying in the eu to continue a crusade to remain in the bloc . 
  i voted leave , so i 'm happy with this gradually emerging consensus . 
  many examples of propaganda are fiction-based . 
  in the original 1951 ` the thing ' movie , it ends with a radio broadcast something along the lines of `` and let the world know how a group of americans saved the world from alien invasion '' . 
  in rocky iv , the antagonist is from the soviet union , and wears the sickle and hammer on his robe . 
  ultimately he is defeated by an american . 
  the fact that doctor who is fiction does n't negate the fact that it has an agenda . 
  more like up yours . 
  i do n't really watch the bbc that much anymore , but it would n't surprise me at all . 
  the issue is n't even that it 's historically inaccurate , but that so many times in these situations , the actor/actress seems to have only been selected because of their skin colour , not because of their acting skills . 
  it 's like how idris elba is touted as a potential james bond . 
  people advocate it not because of his acting ability , but simply because he is black . 
  to me , that seems like real racism . 
  no , there are just 300,000 brits in spain , which is 0.6 % of the spanish population . 
  think of it this way . 
  despite this small population , does your media desperately try to shove those brits in your face as though they are an intrinsic component of spanish society and culture , and just as spanish as you are , when they clearly are n't ? 
  are your values and expectations being warped by this new agenda pushed by media elites ? 
  here 's an example in the uk . 
  in an episode of doctor who recently broadcast , they visit a ` frost fair ' on the frozen river thames , which occurred in around 1814 . 
  almost every scene is packed with historically incorrect representations of ethnic minorities dressed either in the finest clothes , or other-times showing ` diverse ' wrestlers , chefs , artists and so on . 
  in response to this , the doctor 's companion says `` regency england , a bit more black than they show in the movies '' and the doctor says `` it 's been whitewashed '' . 
  well no , no it absolutely has n't . 
  all these various communities desperately shoved into the show were not in britain 200 years ago . 
  there were no black men in top hats , there were not indians and their elephants , no middle eastern wrestlers , this is n't some secret history covered up by evil white people - it just did n't happen .
