  it 's about the * culture * of migrants . 
  in today 's world however , in places of religious extremism , there is little question of whether people from certain countries support their respective widely accepted practices such as female genital mutilation or honour killings , both of which have increased in prevalence in europe in recent years . 
  in these purposely leaked documents , foolishly the eu has revealed itself to be acting in its own political interest rather than for the good of the european people . 
  the uk has said time and time again that it is willing to agree the rights of eu citizens here and uk citizens in the eu as soon as possible , and eu has refused to proceed . 
  they show that may proposed for a deal on that issue by the end of the month both in that meeting and 3 weeks before , but the eu refused . 
  this shows why it was a good thing we did n't guarantee eu citizens rights unilaterally , as the eu clearly wants to exact a price for the guarantee of brits in the eu . 
  poland has almost 1m of its people here in the uk , and the eu is playing with their lives . 
  how can anyone argue that the eu is looking out for the 4.5 m eu citizens here ? 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/05/01/revealed-eu-has-secretly-plotting-block-theresa-may-eu-migrants/  the eu has been plotting for weeks to thwart theresa may 's plans to secure a deal for british expats in europe and migrants in the uk , the daily telegraph has learnt . 
   jean-claude juncker , the european commission president , is reported to have been `` astonished '' by mrs may 's demand that an agreement be reached by the end of next month . 
   but documents seen by this newspaper disclose that mrs may made exactly the same demand to donald tusk , the european council president , at a meeting three weeks earlier . 
   the eu had privately decided to block any deal , leaked documents show , but did not want to reveal such a move publicly . 
   eu leaders were accused of playing a `` stupid game '' and being more concerned about securing a financial deal than securing the rights of eu and british citizens . 
  sowing the seeds of its own demise . 
  terrorism is n't a force like gravity , nor does it have a mind of its own . 
  ` terrorism ' wins when the goal of the terrorists applying it is achieved . 
  irish nationalist terrorists sought not to just scare people without an aim . 
  through murder , carnage and destruction they aimed to weaken the resolve of the british government into abandoning the people of northern ireland . 
  they hoped to put pressure on british * people * to make the government find an end to the terrorism . 
  above all they tried to bully the people of northern ireland into seeking union with the republic of ireland to end the campaign . 
  ultimately irish terrorism failed because it never achieved its goal of ` unifying ' the island of ireland . 
  the act of terrorism is * never * just to create fear . 
  it always has a motive and it will only end once it achieves it , unless it is crushed first . 
  irish nationalist terrorism did n't end because people ignored it . 
  the peace came about when terrorist groups had been fully infiltrated and were on the cusp of being utterly smashed . 
  the terrorists knew they had no other choice but to seek peace for their own personal freedoms , like true cowards . 
  yes , because the end goal of these terrorists is to cause a slight downturn in the number of american tourists visiting european landmarks . 
  they 're not attempting to instill fear in the population and ultimately badger them into accepting the suzerainty of islamic values in society . 
  i really do n't see the problem with providing compensation from frozen gaddafi funds . 
  it 's not like he can spend it in hell . 
  the dutch prime minister once said `` europe if necessary , national when possible '' . 
  i believe that there needs to be a rethink of * when * ` europe ' is necessary , and there needs to be a repatriation of powers to member state parliaments so that eu states can healthily diverge and do what 's in their own interest while retaining a level geopolitical and security cooperation in a far less constraining union . 
  now that the uk is leaving , france is the only country remaining that hides germany 's outright domination over the direction of the european union . 
  if france does leave and the eu still manages to survive , it wo n't be very long at all until the uncomfortable truth leads to the total splintering of the eu into groups which already have form today , such as benelux , the visegrad group and the nordic council , among others . 
  fundamentally the eu wo n't reform , because the ideology of european intergrationists is rigid and unmalleable . 
  for the eu to survive past the immediate future , the euro must be dropped * now * by countries that need to set their own economic policy in order to compete . 
  schengen must come to an end and control over the basic features of a nation state be restored to members . 
  the lisbon treaty needs to be repealed , restoring national vetos in core areas and reducing the power of the european commission and parliament . 
  integration for the sake of integration , and not for the best interest of european countries , must be curtailed . 
  frankly , considering how unresponsive the eu was to even token concessions when david cameron tried to reform britain 's membership in 2015 , i doubt any change along these lines will come about . 
  ultimately france * will * leave the eu when it becomes undeniable that it is n't an extension of french power , and is instead a purely german appendage . 
  it will still take french voters more than 10 years to come to this conclusion and build up the courage to leave , unfortunately . 
  the military has shrank because the threat to the uk has shrank . 
  21st century globalisation does n't allow hard military conflict with a developed country that could threaten the uk . 
  the uk and france retain military capabilities well above those in the rest of europe , which is why the uk 's continued cooperation with the eu in security and defence will be a major card for the uk in brexit negotiations . 
  even a symbolic gesture of ambivalence towards eastern europe would bolster russian aggression . 
  it 's not just because of the uk 's military strength . 
  the uk being committed to eastern europe helps to deter russian aggression for plenty of reasons , a prime example being because of potential sensitivities regarding vast russian property holdings in london . 
  it 's unlikely that the uk would ever end such cooperation , but the threat needs to exist in the same way the eu threat to break off trade negotiations after brexit exists , no matter how unlikely such an outcome is . 
  the eu stability and growth pact calls for all member states to abide by the 3 % rule regardless of euro membership . 
  this was implemented after romania joined . 
  it 's misleading to call it a ` slowdown ' in the uk economy . 
  the uk economy always slows down in the first quarter . 
  growth of 0.3 % q1 2017 compared with [ growth of 0.4 % in q1 2016 ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/apr/27/uk-gdp-growth-slows-to-04-amid-eu-referendum-uncertainty ) . 
  the uk economy grew at around 2 % last year and is [ forecast to grow 2 % this year as well ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2017/apr/18/imf-ratchets-up-uk-economic-growth-forecast-to-2 ) . 
  the uk is defined by more than the odd demonstration and assassination of an mp by a nutjob . 
  [ the uk created the modern world ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxsz6iv0dlm ) . 
  yet scottish membership of the eu * is * in question . 
  it has a debt of 10 % of gdp . 
  eu membership is predicated on a debt no more than 3 % of gdp . 
  and it 's not just actual membership , but what that membership would look like in terms of euro and schengen membership and the issue of a border with the rest of the uk where scotland does 4x more trade with than the rest of the eu combined . 
  snp over-taxation [ as identified by the scottish chambers of commerce ] ( http://www.scottishchambers.org.uk/press-policy/press-releases/2017/04/900 ) has brought scotland practically alone in the west to the brink of recession . 
  i do n't think anyone can say in 2014 that they knew what the result of an eu referendum would be . 
  there 's a poll here from [ june 2014 showing leave winning ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/jun/21/eu-referendum-majority-leave-opinium-observer-poll ) , and a poll here from [ 4 days before then showing a record for staying in the eu ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2014/06/17/eu-referendum-record-lead/ ), 
  the truth is that we ca n't prove that anyone voted for anything based on any reason . 
  we ca n't prove that anyone voted for or against independence because of eu membership , thus no referendum can be denied or permitted based on the result of the brexit referendum . 
  therefore if a second independence referendum is to occur , it can not be because of anything to do with the eu . 
  mate , can you provide a source for your earlier claim of this :  this is wrong . 
  staying part of the eu was a motivation to vote against scottish independence . 
  i can infer from trends which show support for independence not increasing despite brexit that few people voted on independence based on the eu , as the decision to leave the eu has not lead to an increase in support for independence . 
  the exact quote is  yes ** some ** scots might have voted to remain in the uk to remain in the eu i regret even giving you that slightest concession now , because by some i mean an absolutely minuscule fraction of much much less than one percent . 
  definitely not the 10 % needed to overturn the result . 
  it was common knowledge that a eu referendum would occur , therefore the decision to remain in the uk is n't affected by the uk 's subsequent decision to withdraw from the eu . 
  end of really . 
  sorry , you 're misunderstanding me . 
  yes some scots might have voted to remain in the uk to remain in the eu , but that 's not what i 'm talking about . 
  what i mean is that the vote to remain in the uk stands regardless of the uk 's future position in europe . 
   the anti-independence campaign claimed that an independent scotland could not maintain eu membership . 
  but that was factually correct . 
  in 2014 the only way scotland * could * have * guaranteed * eu membership was by staying part of the uk . 
  things have changed since then , but the campaign was correct at the time . 
  there 's no evidence here that shows what you are suggesting . 
  i voted for brexit in the mindset that it would n't make the uk significantly better off or worse off in economic terms , and that 's what the data above shows . 
  it 's not a black and white question . 
  just because you believe after brexit the country wo n't be worse off it does n't mean you think it will be better off . 
  eu membership has really only been seized upon recently as a supposed reason to hold a second independence referendum . 
  the eu referendum was announced to occur in [ january 2013 ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-21148282 ) if the conservatives won the 2015 general election , and this was always the likely outcome . 
  thus when scotland voted to remain in the uk in september 2014 , they did so regardless of what the uk 's future settlement in europe would be . 
  the european question had risen to the forefront of british politics since late 2012 . 
  regardless , voting to remain part of a country does n't mean you can then call another referendum every couple of years when you disagree with a certain event . 
  if a second ref was tolerated because of brexit then there could easily be one every general election , and holding such referendums or allowing for the possibility of them every couple of years would create great instability . 
  it 's no wonder that countries like the usa and germany have declared efforts to secede from their unions as illegal . 
  fundamentally , there 's been [ no shift towards support for independence ] ( http://www.scotsman.com/news/politics/new-poll-shows-drop-in-support-for-scottish-independence-1-4428346 ) , despite the supposed outrage in scotland . 
  that 's because the eu is n't more important in scotland than remaining part of the uk . 
  yes sorry , i meant to refer to after 1871 when modern germany came about . 
  germany has almost always had a considerably larger population than the uk and france . 
  even in 1900 , germany had around 20m more people than the uk and france , obviously excluding overseas holdings , and i think that has had a long-term effect on the countries . 
  the uk population now is only roughly equal to what the population of west germany was in 1990 . 
  of course that 's not the only reason why germany has been europe 's powerhouse in recent times . 
  german productivity per person is about 30 % higher than that in the uk .
