  ` hiberno english ' is n't a language . 
  even australian english differs more from british english than ... ` hiberno ' english does . 
  the variety of english spoken in ireland is closer to that found in the rest of the british isles than some northern english dialects like geordie are . 
  few recognise ` hiberno english ' because it 's a false division created by a small number of zealots to differentiate themselves from the uk . 
  it simply does n't exist , i 'm afraid . 
   we just get a bit uppity when people refer to us in `` anglo '' anything there 's a sizable population of anglo-irish people in the british isles , including in ireland , and all around the world . 
  do a dna test and you 'll likely find a large minority of ` british dna ' . 
  recent studies have even shown that the distinction between the various people of the british isles is largely a victorian invention . 
  now regardless of whether you like being called ` anglo ' or not , ireland is included in the anglosphere because it is a nation where english is the first and main language of the majority of the population . 
  furthermore , ireland as a new country less than one hundred years old does n't have a distinct modern culture . 
  the cultures in great britain , ireland , australia , canada , new zealand and to a much lesser extent the usa , all are derived from the much older cultures that originated the british isles and have merged over the last 1000 years . 
  whether you like the history of that is beyond the point . 
  ireland resembles the uk in almost every sense , even from what houses and streets look like . 
  old celtic culture is a revival movement , and in any regard does n't belong to ireland as a nation anymore than it does the uk or even continental europe . 
  modern british and modern irish culture is still deviating from the same old culture classically referred to as ` british ' , but neither has transitioned enough for ireland to be considered in anything other than the anglosphere . 
  the anglosphere is n't part of the uk . 
  it does n't imply an area in-which the uk is dominant . 
  the usa is the most powerful and influential country in the anglosphere , and it is hardly majority anglo or irish . 
  most white americans identify as having german heritage , who themselves are fast becoming a minority in the country . 
  brexit should n't be threatened unless enough people want it to be . 
  the election did n't reveal a large-scale desire to stop brexit or to hold another referendum on eu membership , as parties which support such action like the liberal democrats received such a minuscule vote percentage . 
  the labour party has committed to brexit . 
  if every remain voter decided to vote liberal democrat there would have likely been enough momentum to challenge brexit and instigate another referendum . 
  people seemingly put domestic politics first however after accepting brexit as a fact of life . 
  i do n't believe for a moment that great numbers of the population voted on membership of the european union on the basis of that 350 million claim . 
  those that voted for brexit because of that money are probably balanced out by voters who opted for remain out of fear of recession and a punishment budget or world war 3 . 
  the european question had been raging for years , with the actual debate relevant to the referendum beginning [ as early as 2014 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkhtn_ntdzm ) . 
  we 've already made an informed decision . 
  i also completely reject the notion of foreign powers interfering with the referendum . 
  the idea of russian interference only cropped up as part of a mass hysteria after similar accusations arose in the usa . 
  some people then appropriated that hysteria onto the brexit result in an attempt to delegitimse the outcome . 
  there 's no evidence that the donation in your link is connected to a foreign power as far as i 'm aware . 
  the uk outside of the eu will not be subordinate to the usa any more than if we remained in the eu . 
  the eu is not an independent actor on the world stage , it is n't independent from the usa . 
  the uk is one of the only countries in europe that can actually provide for its own defence and has independent strength behind its geopolitical power . 
  eu integration will not save europe from a future irrelevance and dependency on the usa . 
  even the article admits that such a recession is incredibly unlikely and would require a severe contraction of at least 1.1 % in a single quarter and then continuing to shrink . 
   a technical recession occurs when an economy contracts for two consecutive quarters . 
  if the uk 's gdp were to shrink 0.1 % in both the third and fourth quarters of 2017 that would be considered a technical recession . 
   however , in the hypothetical ( and highly unlikely ) scenario that the economy shrunk 1.1 % in q3 , grew 0.1 % in q4 , and then contracted a further 1 % in q1 of 2018 , that would not strictly count as a technical recession . 
   credit suisse was one of the numerous banks to forecast a recession in the aftermath of the vote for brexit , but acknowledges in its new research that it made errors in its modelling . 
   `` it is worth noting that we forecasted a recession in the uk in the aftermath of the eu referendum last year . 
  the recession did n't materialize as consumer spending held up better than expected , albeit only thanks to a massive drop in the saving rate , '' the analysts write . 
   however , many of the negatives around the economy that could end up causing a recession persist in `` haunting '' britain , they argue . 
  so even a ` technical ' recession is unlikely . 
  sounds like they 're trying to save face and credibility to me . 
  just admit you were wrong like the imf has . 
  you need to nitpick when someone manipulates your quotes . 
  take a look again . 
  my comment : she became pm to lead the country according to the wishes of its people as represented via the outcomes of democratic processes like referenda and elections . 
  your comment : she did not become pm `` according to the wishes of its people as represented via the outcomes of democratic processes like referenda and elections '' . 
  you 've missed out a very important part of my comment . 
  i did n't say that she became prime minister via the democratic wishes of the people in my comment , even though ultimately she did via the last election . 
  you might believe her position is illegitimate because the conservative party lost seats , but it 's common for leaders to stay on in other countries when their party loses seats . 
  in the netherlands for example , the vvd lost 8 seats but its leader , mark rutte remains prime minister . 
  may did call the election under the unconvincing guise of improving her brexit hand , but just because her party lost seat and is weakened domestically , it does n't mean that brexit should now be threatened . 
  this is especially true if you do consider in the election how an overwhelming majority of votes were for parties that do not publicly support the idea of a second referendum or cancelling brexit . 
   she did not become pm `` according to the wishes of its people as represented via the outcomes of democratic processes like referenda and elections '' well that 's not my quote is it . 
  `` she became pm ** to lead ** the country according to the wishes of its people as represented ''  once there 'd actually been an election , she remained pm well past the point others chose to resign . 
  that 's very subjective . 
   certainly `` south america '' has at times seen clearer and more democratic outcomes than this . 
  really . 
  it 's called degenerate for a reason . 
  in the bin !, 
  disconcerting to say the least . 
  why would there be ? 
  did you read the article ? 
  it 's a scenario that envisages jeremy corbyn being elected after brexit and implementing an anti-western agenda . 
  it 's so outside the realm of possibility that the only thing you can really have is ` british bemusement ' . 
   britain being designated the ` sick man of europe ' , * britain being designated the ` sick man of europe ' in a nonsensical scenario produced by one newspaper in-which britain declines after a lackluster brexit and subsequent rule by jeremy corbyn . 
   while participating in a european conference/congress which decides the economic future of the country , and possibly its territorial integrity . 
  bit of a jump . 
  the economic future of the uk is decided by global variables , and increasingly less so by the declining european market . 
  [ according to the office for national statistics ] ( http://webarchive.nationalarchives.gov.uk/20160105184445/http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/international-transactions/outward-foreign-affiliates-statistics/how-important-is-the-european-union-to-uk-trade-and-investment-/sty-eu.html ) , uk trade with the eu as a percentage of total uk trade has been decreasing every year since 1999 , even though the eu has greatly expanded and the total value of eu trade has increased . 
  this is because the rest of the world is growing much faster than europe . 
  between 1999 and 2014 , uk exports to eu-countries have increased by an average of 3.6 % a year , while uk exports to non-eu countries have grown by an average of 6.5 % a year . 
  in 1999 , 54.8 % of uk exports went to eu countries , yet by 2014 and even after eu enlargement , this percentage had dropped by 10.2 % to just 44.6 % . 
  if you believe that such trends will continue , by 2029 the percentage of uk exports destined for eu countries could be just 34.4 % . 
  britain 's economic future is outside europe . 
  and territorial integrity ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
   queen victoria must be turning in her grave . 
  she could n't get herself out of bed so i very much doubt that . 
  the uk economy continued to decline after eec membership . 
  the british economy was only rejuvenated by north sea oil , harsh thatcherite reform and financial deregulation in the city of london , sparking an event known as the ` big bang ' , restoring london 's position as the worlds 's largest financial centre . 
   here is a very plausible scenario for the next two years . 
  the conservatives , divided and disorganised , limp through the brexit negotiations , delivering a deal that satisfies neither remainers ( who want as close ties with europe as possible ) or leavers ( who want the reverse ) . 
  the labour party has the luxury of heckling from the sidelines , knowing that it will not take the blame for the deal . 
  labour looks more and more likely to win the next election and as business considers the prospect , it declines to invest . 
  the economic outlook deteriorates and labour 's opinion poll lead escalates . 
   then jeremy corbyn comes to power in , say , 2020 , and pushes through higher taxes on business and on executives ; nationalises the utilities ; and adopts an anti-western foreign policy . 
  ( the nationalisation element will only be possible when britain leaves the eu ; a nice irony for the brexiteers on the free-market right . ), 
  public spending rises , but taxes do not go up enough to cover it and the deficit soars . 
  foreign investors demand higher yields to fund the deficit , weakening the economy further . 
  not only do businesses not commit new capital to britain , but existing businesses withdraw . 
  the world shakes its head and wonders how a country managed to become the sick man of europe for the second time . 
  this is exactly that , a * scenario * concocted by the economist to instill fear and doubt because some fools think that there 's even the slightest prospect of a second referendum taking place in the near future . 
  such comparison is entirely political . 
  it 's laughable when you look around europe and see economic stagnation or even turmoil in countries as diverse as in finland , italy , france , greece and others , and of all those countries imagine britain as the ` sick man ' of the continent . 
  let 's just ignore the reality of the uk having a unemployment rate of 4.5 % , less than half of france 's rate of almost 10 % .
