  japan wo n't want to trade with us because of the language barrier , yet it has free trade agreements with countries as diverse as mexico , mongolia , switzerland and even australia , which must be home to people who speak some sort of bizarre japanese-english creole thus explaining why the door has n't been slammed in their face . 
  i 'd rather like to rename the article `` we have n't began negotiating any trade deals yet . 
  we should just give up and remain in the eu '', 
  it 's not only economic statistics which define power , which is why japan and germany are not world powers in the way the uk and france are , and explains why even russia with an economy smaller than canada remains powerful . 
  the uk 's nuclear weapons are serviced in the usa as part of the uk-usa nuclear cooperation deal . 
  this unparalleled deal gives the uk the most cost effective nuclear weapons system in the world and is a vital component of the ` special relationship ' . 
  the idea that the usa could prevent a nuclear launch by the uk or redirect the missiles is a conspiracy theory perpetuated by anti-nuclear campaigners . 
  there 's no technological basis . 
  if the situation arose and uk-us cooperation ended , britain could reinstate a fully independent system . 
  do you really think the uk has lost the technology to develop nuclear weapons since the 1950s ? 
  france and russia do traditionally maintain good relations , which is why france for example is one of the only european countries that would sell military goods to russia , like the mistral-class ships that were originally for russia . 
  germany is a declining country , expected to lose 20 million workers over the next few decades due to population decline . 
  by the looks of it merkel 's migrants are n't going to be adding to the workforce in any useful way . 
  as for the eu itself , it has n't even got a guaranteed future at the moment , and it certainly will never be an independent third power able to act separately from the usa . 
   `` it is irresponsible to say that in this world , a european country can make its voice and its economic interests heard without the eu , '' steinmeier said . 
  maybe not denmark , austria , spain , italy or in many ways even germany , but the uk * is * in a different situation to most countries in europe , in a grouping shared only with france . 
  * the uk and france are permanent members of the united nations security council and hold veto power over resolutions . 
  * the uk and france are recognised nuclear powers . 
  * the uk and france have special relationships with countries across the world stemming from their colonial pasts . 
  i do n't even mean just the traditional ties between the uk and australia or even malaysia for example , but countries with which the uk has ` special relationships ' with such as belize and oman among others . 
  being british i can speak more confidently on british specific matters , and it 's all too easy to go on and reference the uk 's diminished but still comparatively potent military capabilities , its soft power ranking ( consistently placed 1st or 2nd ) , the economic figures showing that the uk is forecast to become the largest economy in europe by the 2030s , the country 's links with the anglosphere countries , unparalleled nuclear cooperation with the usa , the 5 eyes agreement , the uk 's cultural domination and so on . 
  to put the uk and france in the same category as other european ones just makes no sense . 
  i 'm all for european cooperation , but the uk does n't have to be a purely european regional power , and nor does france . 
  i hope over the next few years that france also rejects the concept . 
  despite valiant efforts , france will never be able to lead the eu now , as the latter has absorbed too many divergent nations . 
  france traditionally maintains an alliance with russia , and this is impeded by german and eastern russophobia for example . 
  many european politicians have an untoward globalist mindset of ngos , supranational unions and so on , and it just is n't necessary . 
  the uk and france are n't belgium . 
  except i 've linked to an example of what i attest to be propaganda and you 've just made a baseless claim . 
  there 's no whataboutism about it , because i reject the entire notion that this article by * the times * is propaganda at all . 
  reminds me of [ this video showing the future of continental drift ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bqywdr-btz4 ) in which the british isles remain separate from europe millions of years into the future while the continent and rest of the world joins together into a mighty new pangaea . 
  it does n't take sea levels into account though i suppose . 
  indeed a sizable proportion of people in the philippines approve of the country 's war on drugs for example . 
  there are clear cultural differences between that country and those in europe . 
  in anycase , no invading armies came to britain and imposed democracy or freedom of the press on us . 
  they developed over time in a natural process , and it can happen elsewhere too if the people there want it enough . 
  in the 1860s , indian independence would have seemed impossible , but it ( and the reforms that paved the way for self-rule over the decades ) was achieved through indian resistance , not through foreign intervention ( of course the weakening of the british empire during ww2 contributed but the process was already well underway ) . 
  the philippine population is currently 98m , forecast to be 128m in 2030 and 142m in 2045 . 
  it 's clearly a country that is going to be somewhat important in the global economy in the decades to come , along with other countries with less scrupulous human rights policies such as indonesia , nigeria , mexico and so on . 
  by 2050 saudi arabia of all places will have an economy of around the same size as the french one , and if europe alone isolates itself from these countries then europe alone will suffer . 
  it 's very unlikely that an established brazil will forgo trade links with an ascendant saudi arabia . 
  my point is that it 's best to form good relations and trading links with these countries early on , and i as a citizen of the uk fully support the government approaching these countries . 
  the european union is poorly suited to dialogue with these rising powers , as it is too focused on attempting to impose its values on other parts of the world via conditional trade and aid . 
  the world wo n't wait around for the european union however , and countries like the philippines will surpass traditional european powers regardless of whether they establish links with said countries . 
  i say that if people in the philippines want european-style human rights then they can achieve that on their own terms . 
  indeed maybe economic prosperity will foster the natural development of those rights . 
  however it must be remembered that other advanced countries which we think of as developed like singapore and south korea still retain authoritarian traits and non-european style human rights systems . 
  the european union in this shifting geopolitical era risks becoming an inward-looking , protectionist bloc with the population and economy of a superpower but the international influence of norway ( notable but only potent among similarly minded countries , and still entirely able to be dismissed ) . 
  perhaps that would n't be such a terrible outcome if russia and the middle east were n't perched next door . 
  if you really want to see what propaganda looks like , then [ i suggest you watch this video made by the european commission regarding the european financial crisis ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0b3zncfyqj0 ) , which essentially boils down the enslavement process of greece to terms and phrases including : * ` stepping up common action ' = removing national sovereignty over finances * ` introduce new stronger rules to keep a tighter check on public debt and deficits to make sure countries do n't spend beyond their means ' = enforcing crippling austerity measures , as has been seen in greece * ` fiscal treaty limiting structural deficits to 0.5 % of gdp ' = enforced austerity * ` ensure public finances are sustainable ' = enforced austerity * ` european financial supervision is being stepped up ' = removal of national sovereignty * ` firewalls to protect the single currency are being reinforced through the european stability mechanism , a fund that will help eurozone countries temporarily unable to borrow money on financial markets ' = making citizens of other eu countries pay into funds for the likes of greece , portugal and so on * ` loans will be provided if countries agree to reform their economies and restore their financial stability ' = enforced austerity these terms are no less scary if read out behind happy , friendly music as in the latter half of the video i 've linked . 
  look at the symbolism at the [ 3:40 mark ] ( https://youtu.be/0b3zncfyqj0?t=3m40s ) to around 3:50 . 
  this is what true propaganda looks like . 
  i feel as though very few legitimate brexiteers have called the eu communist . 
  some eu politicians are former communists however which might play some small role , and most certainly are further removed from the democratic process than politicians in nation states . 
  nigel farage has made [ some comparisons between the eu and ussr ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbbwhjx11bc ) , but certainly no leading member of any brexit campaign group or the public at large has accused the eu of being communist . 
  all the important parts are still there . 
  you would n't know . 
  you 're an american . 
  your culture was destroyed long ago . 
  [ then ] ( https://blogs-images.forbes.com/peterferrara/files/2014/08/670px-mckinley_prosperity.jpg ) [ now ] ( https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/560/media/images/78965000/png/_78965555_kkbreaktheinternetedit.png ), 
  i wo n't pretend to not be upset by the decline of german culture . 
  your country and culture has been hollowed out and replaced with nothingness . 
  how about they try saying [ `` i 'm proud to be a german '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fi0dffrsmpi ) [ oh they did try once before ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmqkv5ctuoy ), 
  gibraltar 's sovereignty is n't predicated on eu membership . 
  the uk has an unemployment rate of 4.7 % . 
  spain has an unemployment rate of 20.9 % . 
  which is the real population that needs distracting ? 
  what country out of the uk and spain is actually stirring up trouble ? 
  the uk is only protecting the principle of self-determination for the people of gibraltar , while spain seeks to annex territory in a land-grab attempt that comes across as incredibly shameful considering it holds land itself in north africa . 
  perhaps spain should set a good example and give those territories to morocco ? 
  no more or less ridiculous than what any other country does when it changes its flag or updates its coat of arms , after which designs outside of embassies must be altered for example . 
  had the new zealand flag referendum passed and the design changed , it would have cost about # 300m just to adapt their passports alone , not accounting for the cost of changing every other heraldic instrument referencing the old flag throughout the entire realm of new zealand . 
  the referendum they held cost # 14m alone . 
  while the cost of the proposed change was challenged in new zealand , it did n't receive international intention or any attempt at mockery because such a change was said to have been received as a moment of maturity and evolution . 
  there 's another standard here for the uk however , because not only as a country are we brimming with self-loathing , sorry instances of human beings already , but the uk is routinely bashed internationally for refusing to go and die in a corner . 
  indeed many zealots , given voices in international media , seem positively enraged at the uk 's new found confidence and return to prosperity . 
  in the 21st century , where in the final years of the previous the uk had been economically superseded by the likes of italy and at a time where the flag was a somewhat tainted symbol , [ the uk is now forecast to become the largest economy in europe ] ( http://www.cityam.com/243966/brexit-bremain-future-bright-british-economy-least-compared ) . 
  of course the pressure is on to undermine this future from all fronts . 
  i 'll be happy when all references to the european union are scrubbed off from the face of the uk . 
  such an artificial union , truly only 24 years old yet only matured to its current form just 8 years ago , should have no ranking position or reference anywhere in the uk . 
  everything i post is bound with facts which i 've linked to . 
  just the spite-filled ramblings of a triggered ethnic indian ( ishaan tharoor ) , repelled by the prospect of the uk reasserting its position as an independent country on the world stage . 
  this message of decline , of regression into a purely european , regional country has been rejected , and it would be backwards to accept it . 
  is japan bound by delusions of forming the second japanese empire by not defaulting to membership of asean ? 
  what of all the other advanced , large to medium sized economies that are n't in * political unions * on a scale of equal depth to the eu ? 
  australia , south korea , canada ( nafta is not a political union ) and so on . 
  fundamentally , the uk only ever joined the ec because that 's where the economic potential was . 
  the eu is now becoming an inwards protectionist cartel , and it only makes sense that the uk follows free trade as it has done for hundreds of years . 
  there 's no real buzz about irish ` reunification ' . 
  it 's only been spoken of since the unionist parties lost their majority in the northern irish assembly after a household heating scandal , rather banal in comparison to issues in other countries . 
  membership of the european union is n't big enough of an issue to tear apart the uk , and it only seems that way because of the hysteria-driven media giving the loudest voices to professional agitators in the form of the snp and sinn f\u00e9in . 
  social media is even more bias in these issues , full of unaware commentators like / u/bvfcbfdgdgdd in this comment section here , who thinks that ireland needs ` luck ' , not realising that a ` border poll ' can be called if people in northern ireland vote for it . 
  northern ireland is n't an oppressed colony which needs to fight for freedom . 
  it has the ability to join ireland if it ever chooses to do so . 
  [ truth is that they simply do n't want to . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-37309706 ) one of the bonuses of leaving the eu will be when irish nationalists have to realise that northern ireland is a separate country once policy in the two countries deviates . 
  every time they look at an updated eu map or new euro coins , they will be forced to accept the reality that northern ireland is a separate entity . 
  it 's a distinction that will last and increase as both countries become more multi-cultural and the call for secession dwindles . 
  you know nothing of irish history clearly . 
  northern ireland is the continuation of all previous incarnations of ireland .
