  if you read about such matters , you 'll see how he dreamed of the uk and germany reconciling and marching together against the vulgarity and degeneracy he saw in the usa ( i do n't support such aspirations , needless to say ) . 
  just report for spamming and move on . 
  ireland was already a dominion by 1926 and fully independent not too long after . 
  it 's not britain 's fault that irish people over the last 80 years failed to pass on this language to the next generations . 
  the decline in irish culture has continued because it does n't compliment the modern age . 
  there 's little place for such oddities . 
  the various scottish languages declined and english rose to prominence long before scotland even joined with england to become the uk . 
  not every culture and language survives into the modern era , you ca n't blame the uk for that . 
  there are faults with how ireland was governed by westminster but there comes a time when a country and people need to take responsibility for their own failures . 
  you need to provide an argument with evidence that runs contrary to what i 'm saying if you wish to contest my comment . 
  if you just want to insult me then you can pm me . 
  no need for such an embarrassing public display from you . 
  the invasion of britain was shelved before operation barbarossa began and before the usa entered the war , when britain alone fought on . 
  unlike the tiny european countries at the time , britain never would have been a land for nazi conquest . 
  there was no nazi plan of annexation of britain , some proposed peace deals even offered britain german troops to keep india in line . 
  sorry to burst your bubble . 
  the second world war would n't have continued to reach the stage where america could get involved if britain had n't fought on alone for an entire year . 
  there would be no american entry into europe , no supplies for the soviet union which would have been overwhelmed with no fronts open elsewhere in north africa . 
  if britain had agreed to the many proposed armistices , then ww2 would have ended then and there with nazi domination in europe . 
  it was the british resolve in ww2 that was tested and opened the door to allied victory . 
  the seeds were sown for british wealth and power by the 1500s when the royal navy got going , well before slavery and colonialism . 
  [ the wealth of the uk was built up by the industrial revolution ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9bdvhcunps ) , built on british ingenuity , british coal and by british workers who suffered conditions just as harsh and disenfranchised as an indian cotton farmer . 
  the debt owed to the colonised people has been paid by providing civilised societies in which people no longer live in huts under oppressive caste systems dying at age 30 . 
  i do n't have contempt for the poor of eastern europe , i just accept that it 's not my duty or responsibility to help them . 
  the uk is already the second largest sovereign state giver of foreign aid behind only the usa , and i 'm sure eastern europe has received its fair share of that money and also from the money that the uk pays into the eu budget . 
  there 's no shared bond between british people and those in eastern europe . 
  i 'm happy to pay money to go to poorer parts of the uk , like cornwall or northern ireland , but i have no intention of uplifting the poor of a foreign country to no meaningful benefit to me or my own country . 
  i 'm especially disincentivised after seeing how many eastern europeans speak of the uk and british people on this subreddit for example . 
   i bet you would n't be so smug , if you endured 70 years of communist oppression . 
  if it was n't for the uk they 'd have seen 70 years of nazi oppression and it 'd still be going on today . 
  not at all , just making sure the right people get the blame . 
  traditionally working class brits are blamed for such behaviour across europe , when its increasingly a different demographic acting in such a way . 
  yeah , like everyone else ... as in brits who were born in this country , the vast majority of who have ancestors that built up britain over the centuries and are therefore * entitled * to the wealth of this country . 
  why should someone just be able to arrive here , push out a baby and then start receiving british money ? 
  it 's insane . 
   thicko  you stupid cunt  white , working class brits are so disgusting , and stupid i 've reported you several times for offensive language and racism , hopefully you 'll be banned and learn some respect . 
  you 've used unnecessary language at least 3 times now . 
  sort out your manners . 
  if you were born in 1995 , ' 2a95 ' , then you should be mature enough to speak like an adult . 
  and even then they still receive benefits like child tax credits . 
  they are not a boon to society . 
  look at the pictures in the article , they 're the same weirdos who put petals in their hair and dance half-naked covered in blue paint while begging for us to cancel brexit . 
  few working class brits would choose croatia over spain . 
  benefits . 
  eastern europeans must really hate the uk then , i wonder why 2 million of them are here ? 
  these sorts of tourists are the same , mostly middle class youths that are so keen to stay in the eu . 
  working class brits have no interest in going to croatia , many would n't even know where it is on the map . 
  the only thing to blame here is the sense of entitlement that the modern , well-off youth of today have . 
  it 's the same entitlement you see among the young who go around protesting democratic elections instead of working . 
  i hate the way so many freaks nakedly flock to stonehenge and treat it with so much disrespect while off their heads ' on drugs but there 's little to be done about it when so much of the media supports and promotes such degeneracy . 
  [ why are there no black british people in clips such as these , despite the proms taking place in london , where the vast majority of black britons live ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bc8quqayyjc&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=12s ), 
  no , i 'm inviting you to expand your point so we can have a discussion . 
  i plan on dismissing your poor arguments , but do n't let that dissuade you , i could do with a laugh . 
   afro-carribeans who are nowadays more british than the british . 
  no they 're not ... what on earth are you talking about ? 
  i really want you to expand on this so i can fully dismiss every point you make . 
  it 'd be wrong to say that they are as equally british , but to say that they are * more * british is something i find absolutely incredulous . 
  i 'm not going to engage with conspiracy theories . 
  there 's no official statistics on such matters . 
  if you want an example , [ how about that ` british ' boy visiting ` swedish ' relatives when he was killed in a grenade attack ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-37161752 ) ( surprise surprise , it 's sweden ) . 
  everyone involved was * somalian * . 
  an increasing number interactions between british people and swedish people take place between people entirely of non-european descent . 
  i 'm referring to western europe , not just birmingham . 
  it 's different in certain areas . 
  the ones who ca n't speak english where i live are brown and wear islamic garments . 
  i see entire families who ca n't speak english and have one child that has to do all the translating for them at the local doctor 's surgery . 
  who would stop him ? 
  the ` powers that be ' ? 
  i do n't want heavy third-world immigration , but i do n't want uncontrolled eu migration either . 
  i do n't have to pick between one or the other , i want all immigration down . 
  regarding eu immigration , that is swiftly changing in nature , with swedish , dutch and german migrants to britain often being somalians , moroccans and turks instead . 
  i had plenty of reasons to want to leave the eu . 
  been advocating for leaving the bloc since 2011 . 
  your definition just disproves your own point . 
  individual conservative politicians or the party as a whole are not gaining from any of these deals . 
  privatisation is not corruption . 
   i hope you see the irony of complaining about `` dem bloody foreigners '' and then selling large parts of the country to them ... 
  there 's a difference between unemployed immigrants and wealthy foreign investors . 
  only one type builds us new nuclear power plants . 
  infrastructure being sold has nothing to do with corruption . 
  if voters wanted such projects nationalised , then they 'd have voted for jeremy corbyn in the last election in greater numbers . 
  separate from that , russians buying property in london and arabs funding skyscrapers are not related to government corruption . 
  such people are making their own profits to their own ends . 
  the # 1 billion deal provides more money to * northern ireland * , not to the dup . 
  i 'm fine with northern ireland receiving this one-off , small increase in funding , as the region is normally overlooked at other times . 
  all coalition partners have demands , and the dup 's was extra funding for northern ireland , which has been met . 
  yes , we 've had a government right-of-centre for several years now , but immigration only increased to unsustainable levels in the tony blair years . 
  [ in the 1990s , net immigration to the uk was at an average of 104,000 a year ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2001/jan/25/race.world ) , while in [ 2015 it had reached 336,000 a year . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-34931725 ) immigration has not come down under conservative governments because even they have adopted a centrist approach to immigration . 
  any attempt in recent years to cut immigration has been met with fury in the left-wing media like the self-proclaimed guardian . 
  it is the * left * that pushes this agenda of high immigration , which is why in these protests since the general election , we 've seen posters such as ` tories out , refugees in ' . 
  they attach immigration and refugees to everything . 
  so the conservatives * have * failed , but this is why people in 2015 voted for ukip in such numbers and why brexit won , because no mainstream party is committed to solving immigration . 
  when voters express that they want lower immigration , they are decried as racist by the left in an attempt to stifle discussion and progress . 
  you see the same with politicians . 
  do you not remember the left-wing media outrage when the conservative party proposed forcing companies to reveal how many foreign workers they employed ? 
  it 's for those reasons we have n't had a government push through immigration controls . 
  there 's been a constant campaign against those who call for tighter immigration controls which poisons the entire debate . 
  that 's a odd way of saying that the republic of ireland is too poor to accept it .
