  britain is not a closed society . 
  there are people from all over the world who come to live here , and the same should obviously be the case with people from european countries . 
  but what i do n't think is acceptable is for non-brits to have * exactly * the same right to come and live here as people who are born british . 
  moving to a foreign country and being accepted by the people already there should be a privilege or reward you have to earn , not a ` right ' or ` freedom ' you are born with . 
  of course it does . 
  if i ca n't elect someone who can adequately affect the policy that controls eu-immigration into britain then my freedom to influence the government as a voter in a democracy is infringed upon . 
  what do you mean ` making up every excuse ' ? 
  this is accurate data from the office of national statistics . 
  this trade relationship was referenced by both sides in the brexit debate and likely affected the decisions taken by many well-informed voters . 
  the truth is that trade with the eu is becoming less important to the uk as the rest of the world develops and grows . 
  i think that the uk has a future just as plausible and legitimate as that of every other country in the world that is not a member of the european union . 
  if you disagree with that , feel free to explain why and we can discuss the topic reasonably . 
  i think it goes against * my * liberty as a british citizen for anyone in the eu to have freedom of movement to come to britain . 
  joining and leaving such institutions is messy business , as we 've seen with brexit . 
  being in the eec was still beneficial to the uk at the time , way before the close integration of today and when trade with europe was far more important to the uk than it is today , in the 1980s forming closer to 60 % of our export market . 
  the eec/eu is n't an organisation you can withdraw from and rejoin at leisure . 
  it 's a important decision you ca n't undo easily . 
  the uk * has * been a stubborn and often unwilling partner , drawing several red lines on which membership has depended on not overstepping . 
  it 's hard to imagine the uk remaining in the eec/eu had margaret thatcher not secured the british budget rebate or if the uk had been forced to join the euro currency for example . 
  overall it remained easier and more beneficial to remain in . 
  i 'd argue that the uk should have left before the maastricht treaty however , by which point the european project shifted greatly . 
  the european question which dogged british politics for the years surrounding this point led to the downfall of 2 prime ministers , including margaret thatcher . 
  she promoted the single market for the economic benefits . 
  the uk was already in the eec by that point when europe had begun to slow down . 
  the uk never would have left the bloc just 10 years after joining . 
  there actually was however some talk about leaving the eu around 1999-2002 and joining nafta instead while part of the eea . 
  you can still find the articles about it if you limit the date parameters on google . 
  [ britain and the eu : a long and rocky relationship ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-26515129 ), 
  every other country in the world manages it just fine . 
  it 's common knowledge that the uk joined to reap the economic benefits of the european economic community . 
  not even the british establishment has ever been for close european integration . 
  the debate over joining the eec in britain was almost purely economic , with the eec being referred to almost solely as ` the common market ' . 
  it had only ever been framed as such to the british people . 
  if you want to contest this accepted history then it is * you * who needs to provide a citation . 
   churchill had a vision of a united europe . 
  churchill was for a ` united states of europe ' but that does n't mean he wanted britain part of it . 
  what about his other famous quote ? 
  `` if britain must choose between europe and the open sea , she must always choose the open sea . '', 
  i can list to you many more small to medium , wealthy nations of various economic complexity and geopolitical strength in addition to japan , canada , australia , south korea and new zealand . 
  * singapore * the united arab emirates * israel * saudi arabia * argentina * chile * malaysia * costa rica if we include countries that are outside the eu but still in the eea i can add : * norway * iceland * switzerland can add in many more recently industrialised but still developing countries soon to reach developed status like : * mexico * thailand * turkey * peru * belize * paraguay * uruguay * taiwan * various island nations from those in the caribbean to pacific and so on . 
  ----- the uk has a higher population than most of these , has a larger economy than all of these countries except japan and the most powerful military of them . 
  certain countries may have valuable resource-based economies like the uae with oil or even australia with its lesser but still notable dependency on mineral extraction but the uk has its aces too . 
  the uk is a world leader in finance , pharmaceuticals , aerospace , military arms and much else . 
  [ the uk is ranked as having the 11th most complex economy in the world ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/rankings/country/2015/ ) . 
  we have much more to offer than a great number of countries all around the world , and one of the most valuable resource in the form of the british people . 
  fundamentally , the uk is n't just one random country out of nearly 200 . 
  we already start in a position of being the world 's 5th largest economy and with other benefits such as london , the largest financial centre in the world . 
  if the uk is n't a country well-placed to chart its own course in the world then i do n't know what country is . 
  perhaps one day in the far far future that would be beneficial , but i think a better option would still be to not join any such union and remain a free and independent nation like japan , canada , australia , south korea , new zealand and a whole host of other nations , many of which are much much ` smaller ' than britain but still manage to function perfectly well and set out their own destinies . 
  there are other emerging regional blocs in the world of course , but few of them have plans to become anything more than loose trading associations or forums for regional co-operation . 
  as i say , these blocs are very loose and mostly lack concepts such as freedom of movement even . 
  i think if there was a european economic bloc fully removed from the political aspects of the eu regarding integration then the uk would be interested in joining it . 
  sort of like a european nafta . 
  [ according to the office for national statistics ] ( http://webarchive.nationalarchives.gov.uk/20160105184445/http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/international-transactions/outward-foreign-affiliates-statistics/how-important-is-the-european-union-to-uk-trade-and-investment-/sty-eu.html ) , uk trade with the eu as a percentage of total uk trade has been decreasing every year since 1999 , even though the eu has greatly expanded and the total value of eu trade has increased . 
  this is because the rest of the world is growing much faster than europe . 
  between 1999 and 2014 , uk exports to eu-countries have increased by an average of 3.6 % a year , while uk exports to non-eu countries have grown by an average of 6.5 % a year . 
  in 1999 , 54.8 % of uk exports went to eu countries , yet by 2014 and even after eu enlargement , this percentage had dropped by 10.2 % to just 44.6 % . 
  if you believe that such trends will continue , by 2029 the percentage of uk exports destined for eu countries could be just 34.4 % . 
  the uk only joined the eec to be linked with countries that at the time were among the fastest growing in the world . 
  the percentage of commonwealth/empire trade decreased during the mid-20th century while european trade increased . 
  now there is a decline in the percentage of eu-trade as the rest of the world matures . 
  [ as you can see from the graphic on page 23 of this oecd document ] ( https://www.oecd.org/eco/outlook/2060%20policy%20paper%20final.pdf ) , the eurozone area is predicted to comprise less than 10 % of world gdp by 2060 . 
  it only makes sense that britain leaves the comparatively protectionist eu and carries on its long-lasting tradition of following trade and money , reemerging as a global trading nation in this modern age of opportunity . 
  the usa has trade deals with other advanced countries like australia , south korea and singapore . 
  the uk has a very diverse economy which is much larger than those other countries . 
  i 'm sure there 's room for a mutually beneficial trade deal . 
  one country will always be the greater winner in such deals , and it 'll very likely be the usa because of its economic might , but there will still be benefits for the uk in the same way that japan will benefit from the eu-japan trade deal . 
  the eu is n't more virtuous and generous in such deals . 
  if a small city-state like singapore can have a satisfactory deal with the usa then i 'm sure america 's strongest and closest ally will as well . 
  he 's not the most articulate individual but there 's a positive sentiment behind his words . 
  he * is * the president at the end of the day and , as buffoonish as he can be , when he speaks he is still alluding to official aims and policies . 
  his words are far more positive than anything obama gave us and he speaks of a uk-us trade deal in much friendlier terms than he has regarding nafta and other proposed deals like the now-abandoned trans-pacific partnership . 
  trump is n't directly responsible for or involved with such matters , but it 's a good sign regardless and a development that the conservative party will use to validate their current brexit strategy . 
  what guff . 
   he looks into the camera and sinks his chin . 
  and smiles -- and holds his smile . 
  he tenses his biceps -- his sleeves were already rolled up when he walked into the room -- and leans forward slightly . 
  he 's ready . 
   he is a professional , through and through , and knows that stage management is part of being a politician . 
  and he certainly knows how he looks and the effect he has on other people . 
   he is the polar opposite of u.s. president donald trump . 
  inviting . 
  unafraid . 
  liberal . 
  he is an advocate of climate protection and migration was this written by a 13-year old girl ? 
  i was under the impression that spiegel was a mature , respected media outlet . 
   when he presented his cabinet that was half men and half women , he was asked why - and responded with the now-famous sentence : `` because it 's 2015 . '', 
  it 's a terrible idea to pick cabinet positions based on gender . 
  the best person should be picked for the job , it should n't matter what they have between their legs . 
   he makes jokes about himself , wears colorful socks and in the campaign , he participated in a boxing match against a rival , which could have resulted in a black eye or even a knock-out . 
   after finishing his studies ( education and literature ) , he taught french and social studies in addition to theater . 
  and he taught snowboarding at whistler , the ski resort outside of vancouver . 
  ... hard-hitting journalism right here . 
  socks and snow-boarding . 
  i wonder why they are n't mentioning his political career and experience ? 
  oh yeah , that 's right . 
  he does n't have any . 
  --------------  spiegel : people are expecting a lot from you , from macron and from merkel . 
  you have been romanticized and idealized . 
  what do the three of you really have in common ?
