  i 'm not convinced that the high productivity of today will be enough to sustain germany 's position as its population ages and declines over the coming decades however . 
  no we are n't . 
  the daily express is a marginal newspaper , and a few tweets do not represent the 17m people who voted for brexit . 
  why on earth would we expect an eu agency to remain here ? 
  the huffington post is a load of shit , who could expect anything else from a paper that published a ` hoax ' article named `` could it be time to deny white men the franchise ? '' . 
  yes it was a ` hoax ' , but they still published the article after reading it and agreeing with what it said . 
  filth . 
  i believe that * most * of them are actually of dutch ancestry , and the difference is that south africa is n't exactly a country dominated by a culture really similar to that of the uk or the netherlands . 
  south africa is actually now on its way to becoming a failed state . 
  the closest maybe would be french people and quebec in canada , but seeings as quebec was separated from france so long ago i 'm not sure how strong the bonds are between those people . 
  lol , australia has a higher percentage of white people than the uk does , so i do n't know what you 're trying to say regarding diversity . 
  you do n't speak for australia , but many studies and opinion polls reveal the strong affinity between the anglosphere nations . 
  your personal prejudices are n't representative . 
  well yes the 5 eyes agreement is too intimate to be considered civic of course and it 's not beneficial to europe directly , but it 'd be foolish to pretend that no eu country has spied on britain . 
  the anglosphere or more specifically the [ commonwealth realms ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commonwealth_realm#/media/file:commonwealth_realms_map.svg ) are never going to enter a union of any meaningful sense now . 
  a major issue is distance , which is why the proposed ` imperial federation ' of the 1920s never came into being . 
  while flight is easier than ever before , we could never have a union between nations where travel would be cut off from so much of the population . 
  flights from london to ottawa or london to are about # 600 and take 10 hours and 20 + hours respectively . 
  a non-stop flight from vancouver to sydney still takes over 15 hours and can be about # 1000 . 
  it 's not the same as a cheap flight to europe or a coach/train trip around the uk and beyond . 
  though no space for political union for these reasons and many more , there can still be a realignment of economic and geopolitical ambition between the anglosphere , including the us . 
  as the article points out there is already the 5-eyes agreement , and this sort of cooperation can be improved further once the uk leaves the eu . 
  regardless however , i think it would be good culturally for the people of the uk to have stronger links to australia and canada and new zealand today . 
  it might be hard for some other europeans to imagine , but think for a moment how you 'd feel if there were countries on the other side of the world of italians , or swedes , or austrians in wealthy , stable countries which share your values , history and culture . 
  would n't you want to have more dealings with them ? 
  practically * every * family in britain has family in australia and other parts of the ` white commonwealth ' . 
  the loosening of these bonds since the 1970s has been one of the greatest crimes of our government . 
  similar feelings that drove pan-germanism or italian unification , or even pan-scandinavianism which has recently reemerged are felt among a great deal of the population in the uk , australia , canada and new zealand . 
  while there are no delusions of greater unity , the lack of intimate cooperation between these nations in favour for * european * cooperation makes many brits uneasy . 
  the truth is of course that it does n't have to be a choice between europe or other parts of the world . 
  by leaving the eu the uk can reestablish civic relations with other parts of the world while being the best friend to europe outside of the eu . 
  my country was built on the wealth of the industrial revolution , one of the greatest achievements of the uk , along with globally suppressing slavery , inventing vaccines , connecting the world via telegraph and railways . 
  britain has contributed the most to human civilisation and continues being a [ centre of innovation and discovery today . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxsz6iv0dlm ) what good has ireland ever achieved ? 
  the only notable achievements of ireland and irish people have occurred while it was part of the uk . 
  all you have is your spite and victim complexes . 
  this site does publish some pretty wacky articles but this is really out there . 
   europe today is a genuine superpower and will likely remain one for decades to come . 
  by most objective measures , it either rivals or surpasses the united states and china in its ability to project a full spectrum of global military , economic , and soft power . 
  just no . 
  so much wrong with this . 
  europe , even the entire continent , does not surpass america in military terms . 
  the us and european economies are roughly on par now , but the [ oecd ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnil212tbpk ) forecasts the american economy to comprise 17 % of world gdp in 2060 ( down from 23 % in 2012 ) while europe 's share of world gdp will shrink from 17 % in 2012 to just 9 % by the same year . 
  both the usa and europe 's share of wealth is decreasing , but america will have an economy almost double that of europe 's , while china and india 's are forecast to be larger still . 
  soft power is one of europe 's strong points , but not the european union 's . 
  the uk , france and germany is where applicable soft power lies . 
  other european countries have it too , but things like the nobel peace prize only go so far as to affecting geopolitical events . 
  despite the eu 's attempts of binding aid and trade with african countries to the conditions of improving human rights laws and such , the eu really does fail with soft power . 
  the eu 's inability to conduct effective foreign policy has left sub-saharan africa 's future almost solely to the chinese where it could have been somewhere europe had real influence over . 
  still got what i wanted in the end though - brexit , did n't i ? 
  i get cheered up thinking of all the people who 've died without seeing a ` united ' ireland , and all the people who 'll die still without accomplishing their backwards , nationalist irredentist fantasies of annexing northern ireland . 
  these are eu organisations , of course they are n't going to remain in the uk . 
  it 's not a ` humiliation ' as the guardian has bizarrely put it . 
  anything to stoke up fear and doubt ... they keep going no matter how absurd they sound . 
  i 'm neutral on the matter of israel and palestine but i hate people coming to european countries and bringing their problems with them . 
  you 're in europe , focus on your european life or go back to wherever you came from . 
  star wars is american in every way , i do n't think filming location is to affect the ` culture ' of a movie , especially if the location in the film is n't even acknowledged to be ireland for example , and instead is just meant to be a random landscape . 
  it 's wrong for example how new zealanders try to claim lord of the rings as their own culture or part of their identity just because the movie was filmed there and directed by a new zealander . 
  the lord of the rings universe exists outside of that film series ( as good as it is ) , envisioned entirely by the * british * j. r. r. tolkien , which is based on * real * european culture inspired by old english legend and norse mythology . 
  to cheapen it as some sort of new zealander instance of culture dating from 2000 and [ have symbols of it plastered on aeroplanes ] ( http://i2.cdn.cnn.com/cnnnext/dam/assets/131202180635-air-new-zealand-hobbit-plane-horizontal-large-gallery.jpg ) is tacky and it 'd probably have sickened tolkien . 
  i simply want british laws influenced by british citizens alone . 
  most irish citizens are not british citizens , even australians are not british citizens , and i do n't think either of them or anyone else should automatically be given the right to influence the democratic process in the uk now that there are fewer and fewer reasons for the people of said countries to ` look out for eachother ' . 
  an irish person in the uk would almost certainly have voted to * remain * in the eu , to facilitate travel and so on . 
  it 's my view that it just is n't fair to allow essentially the citizens of a random country to vote on such a life and country-shaping decision which should have been for british citizens alone to decide . 
  not a single french person in that video . 
  is n't it great becoming so ` diverse ' so that every european major city now looks the same ? 
  mute it and the video could have been shot in paris , london , brussels , stockholm or plenty of other once major centres of * european * civilisation , now cut off from the countries they are supposed to be the metropoles of . 
  i live in a region bordering london which is around 90 % white according to wikipedia . 
  the area next to me , just a few minutes away , is less than 50 % white . 
  the area next to that less than 40 % white . 
  i 've traveled between these areas , i * see * the differences between these regions everyday , and it * horrifies * me . 
   being able to work in dublin 's tech industry , work frankfurts banks , live in paris , retire in tuscany , anyone with the capabilities to do those things currently in britain with eu citizenship will be able to afford to do so once they lose eu citizenship in the same way already that an american could do those things today  a country that might n't exist in 2 years time dramatic nonsense . 
  even if scotland left the uk , the uk would continue onward unchanged while scotland would become a new entity as with what happened when ireland separate from the uk . 
  the only thing that changed about the uk was its name . 
  regardless , at every opportunity mrs may and the conservative and * unionist * party have shown full commitment to keeping the uk intact . 
  you really must n't place so much value on the hysterical media , designed now not to inform but to collect ad revenue . 
  the people applying for those passports have an equal right to own them as you do . 
  they * always * could have applied for those passports , and now they have reason to . 
  i could get one if i wanted , but i 'm utterly disinterested my irish ancestry . 
  if it were up to me the links between ireland and the uk would sever further . 
  why citizens of the irish republic are afforded proxy-citizenship in the uk is anyone 's guess . 
  irish people seem to have even more rights in the uk than commonwealth citizens do . 
  the way in which irish citizens were allowed to vote in the brexit vote was actually horrifying . 
  there 's over 500,000 irish-born in the uk , and they easily could have affected the vote had the result been closer . 
  ireland is no longer part of the uk and as such its people should have no say over decisions in the uk . 
  and irish citizenship is n't exactly a prize or mystical gift by the way . 
  your government sells it to rich chinese folk who make petty investment in the country all the time . 
  finders keepers !, 
  yes , i like it when a random argentinian tells europe it should accept more refugees . 
   only 21 per cent backed the idea of a second referendum in a yougov survey last month , with 69 per cent thinking brexit should go ahead as decided by the majority of voters last june -- including more remainers than supported a second poll . 
   pollsters have searched in vain for signs of `` voter remorse '' among people who backed brexit last june . 
  glad to be leaving a union that is so heavily influenced by politicians who have such contempt for democracy . 
  this was one of the few instances of absolute direct democracy in the uk , where there were no ` safe seats ' or ` wasted votes ' , where truthfully each vote mattered equally , so of course european federalists despise it . 
  it really is remarkable how people like this woman and nick clegg in the uk among others seem so keen to prove nigel farage right about the european federalists attempting to push referendum after referendum until they get the result they actually want , as they did with the lisbon treaty . 
  the way they justify a second referendum is by calling the electorate ` stupid ' essentially . 
   `` when the referendum was held , nobody really knew what it would be about -- not the british people , not even the political class , '' she said . 
  i knew 100 % what i voted for you silly bint . 
  i never had any doubt that in the event we voted to leave that we would leave the single market in order to regain control over immigration . 
  the notion of a ` soft brexit ' was thought up almost overnight , set against a ` hard brexit ' , only called such to instill fear and uncertainty in the population . 
  a ` soft brexit ' essentially amounted to a ` fake brexit ' , and it would never , ever * ever * have been acceptable to any brexit voter .
