  even ireland did n't win any war against the uk . 
  ireland did n't become fully independent until 1948 . 
  every country or collectivity of humans that has ever existed is the product of those things one way or another , even a new country today will likely benefit from sweatshops in asia , in what is in effect modern day slavery . 
  as for ethnic-cleansing , even what appear to be largely homogeneous countries like china are the product of the domination over and expulsion or eradication of other ethnicities . 
  the han chinese population was n't just put there by divine intervention . 
  likewise , pre-colonial ireland for example was n't a harmonious utopia without war , slavery and oppression . 
  you can even go back further and decry in europe the decimation of the neanderthals . 
  you ca n't just arbitrarily focus on one time period between say 1500 to 2000 . 
  therefore , because what you have listed are present in all civilisations and cultures , it becomes more useful to look at the countries which are distinguished by their features that have been contrary to this . 
  with the uk for example , you can see the suppression of the slave trade , early laws against child labour , and the ending of the ritualistic murder of widows in india among other things . 
  i do n't think that the wrongful actions of the british empire are more heinous or evil that those of other empires and countries from throughout all of human history , therefore it does n't make sense to obsessively focus on them and practice eternal social self-flagellation . 
  yes i do see where you 're coming from , but i suppose every empire is born out of bloodshed and treachery one way or another . 
  oh yeah that 's right . 
  well i 'm not very knowledgeable on the subject but i * think * that the treaty only called for japan and britain to help each other if they were attacked by more than one country . 
  [ interestingly , britain nearly did get involved in that war after russian ships accidentally fired on british fishing boats in the north sea ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dogger_bank_incident ) , but luckily the crisis did n't escalate . 
  not sure what you 're trying to say exactly . 
  this is what you 've said :  brits are bad allies brits would only be bad allies if they had betrayed fellow allies at some point , and i say to you that i can think of just one instance where britain had done so , and i 've given you a link to that example . 
  the british empire did incorporate a lot of territory from other countries and empires , but that does n't make it a ` bad ally ' , because for example when the cape colony was seized from the netherlands it was when the uk and netherlands were at war and not when they were allied . 
  britain was a good enough ally to declare war on germany in ww1 after it violated belgian neutrality , honouring a treaty from 1839 . 
  to whom has britain ever been a bad ally ? 
  there are n't many other countries out there that can claim that they 've produced successful , advanced democracies like australia , canada and new zealand . 
  even the less successful former colonies like jamaica are better off compared to similar regional former colonies of other european countries , like haiti . 
  you can also compare belize to honduras , zambia to the congo , kenya to somalia , malaysia to indonesia and so on . 
  [ britain really is the mother of the free ] ( https://youtu.be/bc8quqayyjc?t=12s ) . 
  well i 'm fairly sure that only happened in the case of [ portugal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1890_british_ultimatum ) , the claims of whom to what is now zambia were tenuous at best . 
  other colonies were either purchased or taken during times of war . 
  might be mistaken though and will accept it if you can find an example ofc . 
  britain having to show the rest of europe how to do things properly as bloody usual !, 
  [ scotland trades with the rest of the uk 4 times more than it does with the rest of the eu though ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-38743532 ), 
  the eu was a tiny aspect of the scottish independence debate , and all it was said was that scotland could n't remain in the eu as an independent country , and that at that time specifically the only way for the country to remain inside the eu was to remain in the uk also . 
  [ the eu referendum was announced in january 2013 to occur if the conservatives won the 2015 general election ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-21148282 ) . 
  therefore as this was always a potential , in 2014 when scots voted to remain in the uk they did so regardless of what the uk 's future in the eu would be . 
  the story therefore is that support for independence has remained stable despite the supposed outrage and horror of brexit in scotland . 
  it certainly is n't the message that the hysteria-focused media would have you believe . 
   on another note , the unwillingness to allow them to leave is quite hypocritical scotland already held a referendum less than 3 years ago . 
  no country under any circumstances would ever allow a referendum to occur on such a matter at such short intervals because of the economic and societal instability that would occur . 
  the uk has done more than plenty of other countries would do . 
  see spain and catalonia . 
  scotland is n't being held against its will . 
  the simple truth is that british people will not accept freedom of movement of eu citizens into the uk in any situation whether they be from ireland , scotland or elsewhere . 
  daniel hannan is speaking in that interview * after * the eu result has already been announced , so it ca n't be said that he influenced the result with that statement , and it 's obvious he is just trying to win over remainers . 
  regardless , he was never in a position of power to decide anything and it 's healthy that the leave side would have variation in its aims . 
  boris johnson 's claim is also after the result , after campaigning has ended . 
  the article is titled `` boris johnson : uk will ` still have access to single market ' despite brexit '' not `` boris johnson : uk will ` still be in the single market ' despite brexit '' . 
  the usa has ` access ' to the single market . 
  the consensus was that we 'd be leaving the single market , and [ if you do n't believe that you can watch your claim be demolished in a bbc interview here ] ( https://youtu.be/uhzmchcm7ca?t=2m42s ) . 
  it 's kinda long but i reckon you should watch it all . 
  [ bbc - devolution : what 's the barnett formula ? 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-29477233 )  the main reason the formula has come under criticism is that public spending per head is considerably different in different parts of the uk . 
  it has typically been 20 % higher in scotland than in england , for example . 
  if you are able to disprove this claim from the bbc , the world 's most trusted news provider then why not give it a bash instead of ignoring it because it does n't suit your opinion . 
  [ scotland north sea oil revenues collapse by nearly 100 % ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/scotland-north-sea-oil-97-per-cent-148bn-budget-deficit-scottish-independence-nicola-sturgeon-a7207756.html ) last year the oil industry was a burden to taxpayers . 
  it 's not some sort of trump card to talk about . 
  if ireland joined schengen then the common travel area between ireland and the uk would end instantly . 
  have you considered that irish people must be pretty xenophobic too to have remained outside of the schengen zone in the first place ? 
  hilariously , with the uk outside of the eu , irish nationalists will no longer be able to trick themselves into believing that all of the island of ireland is governed as one bloc . 
  time for you to come to terms with the fact that northern ireland is n't part of southern ireland . 
  [ it was made clear ] ( https://blogs.spectator.co.uk/2017/01/voting-leave-meant-leaving-single-market-voters-knew/ ) that we would be leaving the single market and therefore ending freedom of movement if we voted for brexit . 
  the leave vote won , therefore the british people decided to end freedom of movement . 
  no , the british * people * are unwilling to accept freedom of movement . 
  you clearly have n't been paying attention at all . 
  feel free to trick yourself into believing that this is just a right-wing conservative coup without public support if it helps you sleep at night . 
  so is being gay and wanting to have a christian marriage in a church . 
  well it 's because in england , if scotland left the uk then little would change . 
  the uk would remain dominant in the british isles in the same way that the raf defends irish airspace , so there would n't be much of a security issue once the nuclear weapons situation is resolved . 
  everyday life for citizens without scotland would likely be better to be honest , as via the [ barnett formula ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-29477233 ) scotland receives per person an extra 20 % in public spending than people in england do . 
  this money comes directly from england , as no other part of the uk contributes a net bonus into the uk pot . 
  without scotland there would be more money for poorer parts of england , but more interestingly more for wales which receives less spending per person than scotland does despite being less well off . 
  it does still receive more than england does . 
  the real issue would be the issue of a border . 
  english people will not tolerate an open border with a scotland that is part of the schengen area , as this would give eu citizens an open door into the uk , which is what many people voted to end when they chose brexit . 
  that will be the biggest issue , but at the end of the day it will be scotland which suffers more if closed off from the 59m population + large market that is the rest of uk , while the ruk closed off from 5m population scotland is n't going to be the end of the world . 
  [ you can look at the map of signatures here , it 's almost entirely scots who have signed it . 
  ] ( http://petitionmap.unboxedconsulting.com/?petition=180642 ), 
  oh do n't bother with that sort of witty banter around europeans , i 'm not sure they 're clever enough to understand it . 
   this is an insult to us all . 
  the guardian is the biggest peddler of the notion that the uk is poor as part of its continuing attempt to reduce national self-confidence . 
  all it ever seems to do is hide away positive economic news at the bottom of the front page under articles with misleading , overly-negative headlines . 
  it 's the tory government which is always keen to talk up the latest economic figures so already the premise of the video is simply just wrong . 
  the nhs is a special case so i 'll leave it out of this broader message , but yes the fact is that it 's the * national * health service , not the international health service , and non-british citizens who have not paid into it , have not had family paid into it , and who will never pay in to it should have no right to use it to the same extent as brits . 
  health tourism does not benefit us in any way , and it needs to stop , even just for reasons grounded in principle and ` fair play ' , which are core aspects of british society . 
  there are valid arguments in this video regarding social care , housing and elderly care , unfortunately however these are sidelined so that the arguments can be made for ` refugees ' and foreign aid instead of things for british people . 
  indeed the video makes out as though british people are particularly heartless or uncaring , even though the uk spends the second highest total amount of money on foreign aid in the world , just behind the usa , and the joint highest percentage of gdp on foreign aid alongside sweden . 
  like it or not , the trident nuclear deterrent and world-renowned 1000 year old institution of the british monarchy are more important than resettling refugees and the burning of money by sending it to poor countries with out-of-control birth rates . 
  not going to go into details myself but the monarchy is a financial net gain for the uk , and you can watch a cgp grey video about that [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhyygnhhkfw ) if you want to see how . 
  people laud the eu for the lack of conflict in europe , but nuclear weapons have also played their part in preventing the escalation of conflict around the world . 
  the banking industry makes up a significant part of the british service sector , which amounts to almost 80 % of the uk 's gdp . 
  any country that cares about its prosperity has to maintain and ` bail out ' its banks or you 'll end up like argentina . 
  there will be no public support for ` child refugees ' until they can be proven to be ` children ' and not [ possibly hate-filled islamo-fascist men of fighting age ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/10/21/officials-only-challenge-age-of-child-refugees-if-they-look-over/ ) . 
  the focus of this video on such unpopular ideas wo n't wash with the majority of the british people , instead this video would rather shame us into accepting these values without question like how in countries like germany war-guilt is still used to peddle policies not in german self-interest . 
  not going to work on brits !, 
  it 's very ignorant of you to think that the eu is comparable to the 300 + year union that is the united kingdom . 
  the eu did n't even come about as a political union in any meaningful way until 1991 , and even then it remained largely superficial until the ratification of the lisbon treaty in 2009 . 
  the eu in its current form is scarcely a decade old . 
  this is n't an individual with any power over such matters , he is only the chairman of the european parliament committee on foreign affairs , almost a non-entity with no scope or influence . 
  it is practically a decorative institution . 
  [ far more likely to happen if scotland stays part of the uk ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-38730954 ), 
  the scottish parliament has never had the power to hold a referendum of its own accord , therefore it 's the snp who have made an error by putting an impossibility into their manifesto . 
  in any regard , you ca n't claim that the snp have been voted in on only one aspect of their manifesto , especially an aspect as impossible to achieve as scotland putting a man on the moon . 
  just because the snp put it in their manifesto does n't mean it 's legitimate .
