  it 's a desperate propaganda piece designed to trick children into thinking london has always been a minority british city , that our country was n't built up by our own british ancestors , that our culture is fleeting and has always been supplanted by that of others . 
  this distortion perpetuated by one of the most popular tv shows in the country to me constitutes a real threat . 
  exactly . 
  the eu is trying to shape areas of life which it ought not to have power over . 
  ultimately the eu will be chained to so much law in its member states that leaving will become too difficult . 
  it will already be challenging enough separating uk and eu law and replacing the latter after brexit , but it could be almost impossible to do so in other countries in 10 to 20 years time . 
  mostly because of semi-official exploitation . 
  in the article i linked to it says :  about 61 % of workers from bulgaria and romania worked more than 40 hours a week , compared with about 32 % of british workers this is n't because they 're necessarily harder-working , it 's because they have less ability to stand up to employers , they 're less aware of their rights in the uk , they likely ca n't organise opposition adequately . 
  some , i imagine , even fear that they could be dismissed for questioning such working hours , because there are hostile environments in some of these places . 
  i 'll come out and say it . 
  a great number of non-european , foreign-born business-owning middle-class migrants from the middle east and subcontinent employ and exploit both european and non-european migrants in delivery firms , cheap pound shops and elsewhere . 
  you never see brits working in such shops . 
  some native brits abuse them too , of course , like farmers . 
  despicable undertones of racism and classism in your comment . 
  maybe if you looked into the facts you 'd understand the concerns some have . 
  or you can desperately virtue signal if that suits you better ( ` not all brits ! ' ) . 
  [ eu migrants make up 11 % of manufacturing workforce ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-39576112 )  in a report , the ons said that last year an estimated 3.4 million workers , amounting to 11 % of the entire uk labour market , were foreign nationals . 
   this number was made up of about 2.2 million eu nationals ( 7 % ) and 1.2 million non-eu nationals ( 4 % ) . 
   one in seven workers ( 14 % ) in the wholesale and retail trade , hotels and restaurants sector was an international migrant , with 64 % of these , more than half a million people , coming from the eu ----- ultimately yes , traditional working class or lower skilled jobs have been filled by up to some extent by eu migrants and other foreign nationals in general . 
  it 's not a conspiracy theory . 
  what makes the problem of unlimited eu migration more acute is how disproportionately it hits working class people , not just in terms of employment but also in regards to school places , access to medical services , crime and so on . 
  there 's no reason in this country why after brexit we ca n't introduce barriers to unskilled migrants and lessen restrictions on skilled migrants from the eu and further afield . 
  no one wants eastern european nurses to leave the uk , but there are too many factory workers from that part of the continent , and we should ` filter ' this immigration like normal , advanced countries outside of the eu , like the usa , canada , australia , new zealand and so on . 
  we do n't have such rules because we do n't need them . 
  we live in a civilised country where for example a prime minister stands down after the side they supported in a referendum lost the vote , simply because it is expected of him . 
  our society does n't allow for tyrannical takeovers or despotic control . 
  britain has always been at the forefront of human rights laws . 
  these values have not been imposed on us from overseas . 
  this is the birthplace of child labour laws and the abolition of the slave trade . 
  there 's no reason to be concerned any more than usual about the remits of the government . 
  or maybe it 's just that not everyone agrees with left-wing or even centrist values , and that these people express their views online in a proportion that represents their true population in real life , rather than be sidelined in the mainstream media on television and the like which most are used to . 
  subsequently born generations are often even more extreme and fundamentalist than their parents . 
  there have been countless mass rapes and murders all across western europe which would n't have occurred if islamic immigration was stopped decades ago . 
  if we continue with this level of immigration , it will be much worse in 30 years than if we acted now . 
  close down the mosques , shut all islamic faith schools , end all further immigration from muslim-majority countries , ban islamic garments , make no concessions towards halal products , disperse muslim-majority communities , and offer repatriation to home countries . 
  there should be no attempt at normalising islam , it is a death cult . 
  the problem is n't with just a few muslims . 
  masses of them hold [ views incompatible with high european culture and civilisation . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/apr/11/british-muslims-strong-sense-of-belonging-poll-homosexuality-sharia-law )  however , when asked to what extent they agreed or disagreed that homosexuality should be legal in britain , 18 % said they agreed and 52 % said they disagreed , compared with 5 % among the public at large who disagreed . 
  almost half ( 47 % ) said they did not agree that it was acceptable for a gay person to become a teacher , compared with 14 % of the general population . 
   nearly a quarter ( 23 % ) supported the introduction of sharia law in some areas of britain , and 39 % agreed that `` wives should always obey their husbands '' , compared with 5 % of the country as a whole . 
   nearly a third ( 31 % ) thought it was acceptable for a british muslim man to have more than one wife , compared with 8 % of the wider population . 
   one in six muslims say they would like to live more separately , a quarter would like to live under sharia law . 
   ** [ only ] ** two-thirds ( 66 % ) said they completely condemned people who took part in stoning adulterers , and a further 13 % condemned them to some extent barbarians belong in the inhospitable desert where their death-cult originated . 
  maybe pink for the uk because of traditional [ british empire red ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hzzfuzd.jpg?2 ) / [ pink ] ( http://www.britishempire.co.uk/images4/britishempiremap1915.jpg ) ? 
  nope , we 've had this discussion before . 
  i 'm not going to waste my time writing a new comment for someone who is so ashamed of their own country that they wrap themselves up in the meaningless drapes of the eu in a cheap attempt at stealing the achievements of the nation states of europe . 
  you get a repost . 
   do n't project your own inadequacy onto the uk . 
  you 're clearly so ashamed/embarrassed of where you come from , that you 've adopted a pan-european identity instead so you can steal the history , culture and achievements of all europe , rather than be bound by that of whatever insignificant country you come from . 
   the eu is practically a non-entity geopolitically and an economic basket case . 
  it 's failed in bringing north africa into its orbit , it has no influence in the middle east and has even lost power in turkey . 
  it has abandoned sub-saharan africa to the chinese and is barely considered by the usa , which focuses in europe on the member states of nato . 
   the uk might not be the superpower it once was , but it still dwarfs most other eu countries and has more influence than the floundering eu , as a country with a permanent seat at the un security council with veto power as a recognised nuclear power , which is consistently ranked first or second in terms of soft power , is home to the world 's largest financial centre , is a world leader in finance , aerospace , pharmaceuticals and military arms , has a cultural capital second only to the usa 's , with british culture being enjoyed globally , which can be seen in countless ways . 
  british artists account for [ 1 in 6 global album sales for example ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-36332019 ) . 
   not a crazy nationalist , but i 've got to describe this to you in order to dispel your bizarre claims and accusations . 
  your pathetic anglophobic views do not change reality , which is that the uk has n't been in decline since the 1980s after the initial boost of north sea oil and the revitalisation of the british economy triggered by financial deregulation in the city of london . 
  impressive for an ` irrelevant little island ' . 
  so now the eu is engaging in biological warfare !, 
  be warned europe , we have mad cow disease-infected beef at our disposal !, 
  well no , the ` american indians ' are only called that because people first thought america was part of india when they arrived there . 
  the american indians came from the plains of mongolia and near the russian far east , and they migrated to north america via the former bering land bridge between the continents . 
  not sure if you can even call them ` native americans ' , because there are remains of humanoid ancestors dating back thousands of years before this migration even took place . 
  as for oppression , no actions by the british empire were more heinous than those of any other civilisation from throughout human history . 
  what does set britain apart is the unilateral banning and suppression of the slave trade , the first laws against child labour , the first publishing of academic papers and free-flow of information , the first laws allowing freedom of the press , the ending of barbaric practices around the world like indian sati , and developments such as common law , parliamentary democracy and so on . 
  so much of what we consider to be universal culture today has its origins in britain , and [ the modern industrial , economic world today was born here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9bdvhcunps ) , and our achievements [ continue today ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxsz6iv0dlm ) . 
  the american indians had n't even developed the wheel by the time europeans found and uplifted them . 
  edit : i do n't like to go over the top , but your stupid comments force me to . 
  end of discussion now i think . 
  sounds like you 're just a mongrel to me . 
  do n't try and lay claim to other cultures when you 're clearly just the product of vacuous american culture . 
   i am also part cherokee indian so i guess we can count your oppression of india in my oppression as well really ? 
  please tell me this is an attempt at trolling . 
  do you know that the ` american indians ' and ` india ' are on different continents ? 
  [ see here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6cm2ez/poll_irish_people_want_tougher_stance_on_brexit/dhvsl1w/ ), 
  the irish do n't always celebrate a harmless national pride . 
  it 's very often always tainted by anglophobia or other backwardness . 
  it 's not all about st patrick 's day . 
  being proud of the uk today never means wanting to expand the uk 's borders or annex part of a another country , while irish nationalism still promotes the incorporation of northern ireland into the irish state , despite the wishes of the people living there . 
  that 's imperialism , basically . 
  there 's a real strain of tribalism in ireland , where nationalists absolutely freak out at terms such as ` british isles ' or ` londonderry ' . 
  there are masses and masses of people who despise the latter name , simply because it has ` london ' in it , and it 's just barbaric actually . 
  reminds me of the violent nationalism found in some parts of south eastern europe . 
  i 'll reject it and argue against such nationalism wherever i see it . 
  i do n't hate ireland , two of my great , great grandparents came to the uk from ireland , and they lived in a house by the lock of a canal . 
  apparently they used to let their dogs lick their plates clean , which is rather vile . 
  i do hate the poison of irish nationalism however , which continues unabated today . 
  a great deal of irish people hold extreme nationalistic views , and the worst part is how they do n't accept it . 
  i find people yapping on about british or english crimes from over 600 years ago incredibly tiring , and actually quite racist when those sins are pushed onto everyday brits today , and used as focus points of ethno-cultural hatred . 
  it 's completely unjustified . 
  yes , i saw that . 
  i would n't trust a foreign government to protect ` british interests ' , so i find it surprising that even 43 % of irishmen trust the british government to protect irish ones in my opinion , especially considering historical events . 
  there 's plenty of common ground however , so i reckon things will turn out just fine regarding ireland . 
  i think for some , the title of this article could give them the impression that irish people want a harder stance from the eu towards the uk in these negotiations ( and maybe they do , but the article does n't say that ) , but it actually means that they want the irish government to increase pressure on the eu , with the aim of promoting ` irish interests ' in the talks . 
   the poll , commissioned for david mcwilliams ' brexit , trump and us , ( monday , 9.35 pm , rt\u00c9 one ) shows that 82 % of respondents think our politicians should be tougher in their dealings with the eu over brexit . 
  just thought i 'd clarify . 
  i can only imagine that eu membership is n't important to catalan separatists ? 
  this sounds like a surefire way to become a sort-of pariah state in europe . 
  would it even be recognised internationally , and surely spain would block catalan membership of the eu regardless ?
