  there are greater needs than this . 
   i do expect to see a resurgence in the language over the next 10-20 years . 
  you 're talking about polish right ? 
   why was it in a dying state in the first place ? 
  british rule . 
  i 've never contested that . 
   the failure of the irish government to save a dying language does not mean that they caused its death . 
  but something ` dying ' in intensive care on life support sometimes pulls through . 
  it 's not britain 's fault irish people have given up . 
   blatant racism is n't helping your case . 
  oh please it 's called joking , is comedy still banned in former soviet georgia ? 
   hahhahah based on what it 's well known that languages are endangered globally . 
  they wo n't disappear over the next few decades , but increasingly so over the century and beyond . 
  no , the brits you get are the working class ones . 
   that , unfortunately , outlasted us throwing you out of the republic . 
  what do you mean ` us ' and ` you ' ? 
  you and me have nothing to do with any of those events , unless you 're in your 90s ? 
   we do n't speak english , we speak hiberno english oh please that 's a dialect , it 's not even a creole . 
  talking with an annoying inflection is n't noteworthy . 
  speaking a language incorrectly is n't something to be proud of . 
   james joyce oh yes , that great irish writer , born in the united kingdom of great britain and ireland and who died in the irish free state , a dominion of the british empire . 
  impressive irish icon . 
   because as and when we did engage with english we took the time to generate the single greatest english language writer of the twentieth century . 
  you mean * hiberno * english !, 
   now please shut up you complete moron . 
  only if you promise to stop culturally appropriating my english language and only speak irish instead . 
  maybe you can find some petrified trees and rocks that still understand your dead language . 
  i once had a source that detailed the makeup of the british economy in the early days of the industrial revolution . 
  the details are fuzzy now , but the endeavours of empire such as slavery made up only a fraction of the economy , something like 17 % . 
  unfortunately i no longer have the source to give you . 
  there 's logic to the argument however . 
  if industrialisation was tied to colonialism , then it would have occurred previously in history . 
  britain did n't make nearly as much profit from its pre-industrial empire as countries like spain and portugal , yet those nations never progressed towards industrialisation . 
   the same reason ( along with the famine , etc. ), 
  explains what happened in ireland . 
  without centuries of british subjugation , their language would not have been moribund in most of their own homeland by 1926 . 
  hence , uk 's fault . 
  the irish language could have been restored even that late . 
  clearly that did n't happen , but that 's not britain 's fault . 
  hmm , i can see 1930s ireland now ...  `` paddy , now that we 're finally free of british rule , should we try and retain what little culture and language we have left ? '', 
   `` no , seamus , let 's just speak english with high-pitched accents and speak so fast it sounds like gobbledygook . '', 
  --  that argument applies to any language that is n't english . 
  should the whole world abandon their native languages in favor of english ? 
  only english , spanish and mandarin have futures as languages , and even then they will be largely regionally creoled . 
  the georgian language does n't have a future . 
   accept your colonial past and the actions of your state or do n't  there are faults with how ireland was governed by westminster but there comes a time when a country and people need to take responsibility for their own failures . 
  it 's not one or the other . 
  we 're not discussing events of 300 years ago . 
  britain is * not * responsible for the failure of the irish language in ireland * post-1926 * , which is what this submission is about . 
  nor is britain responsible for irish americans losing knowledge of their own language . 
  many italian americans still have their language and culture . 
  what do you mean ` source ' ? 
  source for what ? 
  request information in a civilised manner please . 
  the docile masses of india had always been stepped on and abused by whatever reigning empire held sway over the region , such was the barbarity of the subcontinent . 
  indian people were no freeer or no richer before the british conquests . 
  india has always been poor , and that 's if you even want to pretend india was a ` thing ' throughout all the years in history . 
  temples built by despotic rulers are not a legacy of a long gone indian golden age of wealth and industry . 
  the only people who lived comfortably in any iteration of india were the elites . 
  indians often refer to the way in which the ` indian ' share of global gdp declined during british rule , and see this as proof that britain made india poor . 
  the truth is that the indian share of global gdp decreased because it * increased * everywhere else , as the industrial revolution spread from its birthplace in britain . 
  india had thousands of years to advance and potentially industrialise , and yet it stagnated like china . 
  all people have suffered famine and oppression . 
  british people were under roman rule for far longer than indians were under british rule . 
  it 's just history common to all parts of the world . 
  britain stands out in history for bringing civilisation and ending barbaric practices such as sati and slavery , which would likely still be commonplace in whatever disunited mess india would be today had britain not unified the subcontinent . 
   most certainly is uk 's fault that the irish language had died out in most of the island by 1926 . 
  it 's certainly been a factor , but as i pointed out , english became dominant in scotland well before union with england . 
  irish has almost been destined to become a marginal language because of the dominance of england in the british isles . 
  the point relevant to this post is that the irish language has continued to decline since irish independence . 
   explain to me how irish culture '' compliments the modern age '' any less than english culture . 
  because barely anyone speaks it , even in ireland . 
  there is a massive irish diaspora , but even in parts of america with large irish ancestry there is little interest in irish language or culture greater than 4-leaf clovers and st patrick 's day . 
  english is ` suited ' to the modern age because it is the global lingua franca and has been the most dominant language for well over 100 years . 
  the modern global systems of finance and trade were built by the british empire and more or less maintained since 1945 by the usa , both of which use the english language . 
  [ this just * screams * working-class . 
  ] ( http://www.croatiaweek.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/festivals.jpg ), 
  the whole point of this is to discuss the situation in croatia . 
  it 's great that you 've brought up cyprus and especially spain because it reaffirms my point . 
  they are warmer destinations and more well-known . 
  working class people do not go to croatia . 
  i do n't contest that they 're troublemakers elsewhere , but the british troublemakers in croatia are * not * working class . 
  what days am i glorifying ? 
  you 're making assumptions and decisions about my character without any information to back up such claims . 
  [ how does me disliking the way that a polish immigrant sending benefits received from the british government and to their child back in poland ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/03/26/three-million-eu-migrants-uk-should-keep-child-benefits-brexit/ ) equate to me being a neo-imperialist ? 
  and do you commit your reddit account to following and investigating me ? 
  it 's rude to stalk people . 
  no manners in your country ? 
  if i were a british nationalist in that fashion , then why would i support the nazis , with whom the conflict with led to britain becoming exhausted as a military and economic superpower and ultimately the decline of britain 's place in the world ? 
  it does n't add up . 
  i support putting british people first , not germans . 
  yeah i really do n't care what you 've got to say about it . 
  look at your username , you 've clearly got no connection to the uk , you do n't get to decide who is entitled to any part of it or its wealth . 
  an * eighth * of the irish population died in the famine , the rest emmigrated as did millions of others from around europe to the usa and other parts of the new world . 
  we 're discussing the decline of the irish language since 1926 . 
  other languages have seen a revival over the last 100 years , and irish has n't because irish politicians and people have n't taken enough interest in it . 
  the forces of globalisation do not advance the cause of the irish language , which you can even see in early examples . 
  when irish people emigrated to the usa and were free of british rule , they * still * did n't maintain a degree of the irish language among themselves , because they would n't have been able to function in modern society . 
  this is n't the fault of britain . 
  it was never part of hitler 's original designs to conquer the uk .
