nice misleading tactic by their politicians . 
  i do believe they deserve the right to independence , but i also recognize the fact that they think this will help their economy and solve their employment crisis . 
  absolutely not . 
  they 'll do this , get their independence and be exactly where they are today , when the parades are over and reality sets in . 
  i really need to work in germany . 
  being in it , this sounds like a godsend . 
  thanet earth is fully renewable and produces like 15 % of the food for grocers in britain now ( they stock places like tescos ) . 
  they should just clone like 10 of them . 
  problem solved : http://youtu.be/rwkay9mi0xc, 
  i took the e46 from prague to karlovy vary a year ago , and it was well better than most american highways . 
  however , the moment you got off of it , past karlovy vary , that was a different story ... lolz !, 
  many roads without signs , potholes , etc - it would have been impossible without gps . 
  so , it 's not all bad . 
  just half ... , 
  i love how all former soviet bloc nations are saying in unison `` hell no ! '', 
  `` you are not taking this back . '', 
  i was saying this before . 
  the ukraine should destroy their military bases in the crimea . 
  no point in giving a free gift to russia . 
  fair point . 
  hmm . 
  this is why it was pretty asinine for the tartars and ukrainians to boycott it . 
  all you have is doubt of interests . 
  if they actually voted people could react . 
  now we know nothing to make such a stance . 
  the eu needs to change their strategy and get a unified standing military . 
  it is absolutely necessary compared to nations the size of russia . 
  i do n't blame him on that , but he created the soviet beast which did it . 
  thats ' what the ukranians know . 
  they were forced to put the statues up like they were forced to learn russian and downplay ukranian whenever possible . 
  the statues are the legacy of the `` russification '' attempted on the ukraine during the cold war and something they do not want now , like they did n't want it then . 
  the legacy of the language presence is a perfect example of that . 
  i do n't think so . 
  all ukranians , especially the elderly , know of the [ holomodor ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holodomor ) and have not forgotten about it . 
  i really have to ask : where do they get the billions of euros to make these from ? 
  ok , fair enough . 
  well , explain pussy riot in the context of this `` freedom of speech . '', 
  mind you , while being european , i am very pro-russia and believe you 've brought a great deal of stability and progress to the world in recent history , especially when it came to syria . 
  i do n't see russia as disconnected from europe as others , as you do have a shared history and are european , with a good part of yourself in the continent . 
  on a bit of realism , i must remind you that ukraine has not forgotten the holodomor and being forced to be russian speaking ( with no apologies for either ) , so you 're going to always have friction there . 
  for better or worse , ukraine has n't been one big happy family with russia without brute force for nearly a century , no ? 
  i actually do understand why this is occurring . 
  basically jobs are getting more and more cut-throat by the day , and unless you are 100 % fluent , which you are not going to get done through coursework , it 's not going to contribute to your job ( and you must pursue a second degree where it will have value ) . 
  essentially , there is no room for middle ground . 
  additionally , there are very , very few careers which will hire you solely for the language degree . 
  it 's getting pushed out economically ... 
  ok , look , here 's the problem . 
  it 's not that they 're utility companies or that it should be in the constitution . 
  they 're really taking the wrong approach . 
  what needs to be done in all countries is that industries that have an extreme inelastic demand that has a high barrier to entry needs to be controlled beyond the market . 
  it 's been conclusively shown that whenever you have a situation like that ( utilities , internet , education and healthcare in the us ) , the industries rob your country blind . 
  it 's one of the critical flaws in capitalism , even though capitalism is the best choice of economic systems , based on human nature . 
  but , this * also * has to be done right . 
  you have to incentivise things to make it function or it will disintegrate over time . 
  in order to do that , whether it is a nonprofit private company or a public government agency , i believe the way to accomplish it is to make it as localized and transparent as possible . 
  while it can be organized by a country , the district/county/area you live in should have payments directly made to them and you should be able to see where every penny goes to . 
  people are less able to corrupt a system where everyone 's neighbor 's eyes are on it . 
  per hungary , i give it a 50/50 chance it will work out . 
  while not the ideal approach , it is the easiest and most achievable . 
  i 've seen many healthy nonprofits do well , and calling something `` political '' because it 's regulated by the government and implying that corruption is inevitable sounds not all that european , and far more american , like the government monster those politicians ( who are part of it ) try to create false fear about . 
  we shall see . 
  look , please do n't consider me unempathetic , but people are not thinking this through . 
  syria did choose to have a civil war . 
  we did not cause it . 
  it was all part of the arab spring . 
  it went bad . 
  how do you see 800,000 syrians in germany ( and more in others ) as a permanent situation ? 
  that 's at least 550 mosques and there 's a trend toward anti-assimilation . 
  additionally , everything they leave , isis takes . 
  that 's all those weapons , properties , and money . 
  while emotionally it 's great to help , how exactly does this help out europe or syria , in the end ? 
  please tell me that . 
  no , but it 's a strategy of incrementalism . 
  just like most muslims in their area do n't want to be part of daesh , they still submit to them . 
  the more in other areas that wo n't fight against them , the easier it is to take over the other location . 
  you are aware that total world domination ( dar al-islam ) is their goal , no ? 
  look , i 'm not anti-islamic , but this is exactly what isis wants . 
  they get the largest population possible settled in europe based on our `` sympathy '' , they get settled in for generations and the demographics shift so that they can later extend their caliphate . 
  i 'm quite sure they 're laughing at us right now . 
  i would n't let them in . 
  people tend to fight harder when it 's their country and they have nowhere to go . 
  i do n't like this at all . 
  sorry guys , you have a civil war and a war with isis . 
  fight it out . 
  we 're moving towards situation where jobs are so automated that this is permanent . 
  better to accept this and tax the corporations with astronomically record profits to pay for it than be negative and hold on to the old paradigm . 
  it is coming ... 
  well , unfortunately you 're wrong . 
  it 's being done now : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/philip_morris_v._uruguay and intended to stop things like this : http://aftinet.org.au/cms/node/519, 
  wrong , this is what it used to do . 
  it is now a trojan horse for things like this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/philip_morris_v._uruguay and intended to stop things like this : http://aftinet.org.au/cms/node/519 so , no , you are dead wrong . 
  what something once served does not mean what it serves now . 
  no , it 's both . 
  i was told there was an educated population earlier in this . 
  am i wrong ? 
  why repeat what already exists . 
  yes , education is # 1 but i thought greece was not lacking ? 
  that 's vague bs and has been tried forever . 
  and it 's not what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm talking an effort with that focus of a laser pointer at a creation/invention epicenter for the entire greek economy .
