i actually consume mostly foreign media on the internet . 
  and you still have n't told me how exactly is the west responsible for this . 
  how exactly are the us or eu fucking up ukraine ? 
  do you really believe euromaidan was orchestrated by the west ? 
  i see only russia being responsible for the suffering of ukrainians , because ukraine is strategically important for russia . 
  the west does n't give two shits about ukraine , it 's ukrainians themselves who are afraid of putin 's autocracy and see future in the west . 
  \u1d98 \u1d52\u1d25\u1d52\u1d85, 
  muslims have their religion . 
  two completely different ethnic groups , any yet they 're united by their religion and minority status in the uk . 
  they 're united by their religion and their opposition against mainstream british culture . 
  if they were in a muslim country , they really would n't have anything in common . 
  but in the uk , their minority status unites them . 
  christians are n't a minority and are divided into many sects , many of them are also religious only nominally . 
  jews are an ethnic group as well as a religion . 
  they do n't mingle , but they still feel like one community due to their religion . 
  you 're both ignorant and butthurt . 
  we have a longer history as an independent state than portugal - the duchy of bohemia is 2 centuries older than portugal , also portugal got most of its territory only during reconquista . 
  you 're so aggressive because your country was once powerful and now it 's just an incredibly poor shithole . 
  in that case what is portugal ? 
  that all just supports what i said earlier . 
  iranians are shias , so it makes sense they do n't mingle with sunni turks . 
  and indians are n't muslims and they generally hate pakistanis . 
  easy , they collect some wood and trash and burn it in boiler . 
  i strongly doubt that . 
  in my country there are no gypsy beggars , people are hating on them so much they would n't give them anything . 
  maybe it 's time for the nordics to learn from our example . 
  mean ? 
  i just repeated what he said , i did n't mean to offend . 
  it works that way everywhere - tell me how exactly i 'm wrong . 
  i know , but it can come only from the word for grandma , because in the sense of `` chicks '' it 's a new slang . 
  i 've never understood the decriminalization thing and why every american on reddit is talking about it like it was a miracle . 
  here you can possess certain small amounts of any drug , but nobody is talking about it . 
  both - islam tells them they 're a part of the ummah , and at the same time they flock together because of external circumstances like trying to find a place in the new society and being singled out by the majority . 
  they have much in common . 
  almost all muslims in the uk are sunni , so they share the same religion and a sense of community , although they 're still separate groups . 
  no , bab\u00ed l\u00e9to comes from b\u00e1ba - grandma . 
  allegedly because there are spiderwebs flying in the air that reminded people of grey hair . 
  btw the word exists also here in the sense meaning `` chicks '' and it 's also slang . 
  you 're poor as fuck , at least within western europe . 
  czech republic and slovakia are richer than portugal , and poland is going to overtake you soon . 
  the difference is that eastern europeans are n't one group , they have little in common . 
  what is your problem ? 
  are you a jew too ? 
  i 'm willing to bet there are many villages in spain that are named `` death to moors '' or similarly due to reconquista , but i 've not noticed any muslim compaining about that . 
  and keeping an old place name is really not the same as raping someone . 
  trying to erase our history because of political correctness is just wrong . 
  as someone pointed out earlier , the correct translation is death of the jews , not death to jews . 
  in any case it 's an historical name that should n't be changed just because a certain powerful jewish organization has decided to blackmail the village via the media . 
  sure , i 'm an evil anti-semite . 
  do you expect me to fall on my knees and beg for forgiveness ? 
  are you aware of the fact that the term `` holocaust industry '' [ was created by a jew ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_holocaust_industry ) ? 
  but he was probably a neo-nazi too , right ? 
  the undisputable fact is that the village has been named that way since the middle ages or probably earlier . 
  if the village was named `` death of brits '' or `` death of germans '' , you can bet no one would care and no one would take offense . 
  but because it 's jews , they feel they have the privilege to order people to change the name of the place where they live and their ancestors lived . 
  wiesenthal center is a true representative of the holocaust industry ... they will always demand more , they will not stop at any point until everyone is kissing their feet . 
  they should rather focus on the fact that israel is killing thousands of palestinian civilians now ... but palestinians are not the * chosen people * , right ? 
  you could easily abolish all oil and petrol taxes because you have enough oil revenues . 
  you could even subsidize petrol to compensate the high price levels . 
  how does it make zero sense ? 
  you tax oil to make people buy electric cars , that 's it . 
  but you * want * to have most expensive everything . 
  if you did n't tax oil so heavily , you could have the cheapest fuel in europe . 
  but norwegian socialists apparently said no , let 's subsidize electric cars , even though we have shitloads of free oil . 
  because they 're the descendants of low class workers from anatolia and are religious , of course they vote for erdogan . 
  i 'm sure they realize it deep inside , even if it 's not politically correct to say . 
  it does n't matter they 're 2 countries now , they 're still a single nation . 
  that 's what i 'm saying , it 's not been a frequented topic as of late . 
  what comments ? 
  it 's mostly not the government , but rather upper austrian citizens and ngos who stir up trouble . 
  it was also the citizens who voted to close zwentendorf . 
  anyway , it 's not been a frequented topic in the last few years . 
  sorry , but you will always be the second . 
  unless you manage to defeat russia or something . 
  i was rather talking about germans in general , because their attitudes differ by region . 
  but you 're right , i do n't really dislike germany or merkel . 
  it 's just the fact we have too few neighbours . 
  most : that 's obvious . 
  least : germany ( including austria ) . 
  perhaps the worst are austrians and bavarians , because they have problems with our nuclear power plants , while northern germans are generally closer to us . 
  there are catastrophic news all over our media : trucks carrying roquefort cheese were stopped on russian borders and turned back . 
  it seems we will have cheap cheese for a while . 
  you think they 're integrated because there are so few of them in poland . 
  they still steal and rob people , you just do n't know about it . 
  they still do , at least the sami minority in the north . 
  almost no gypsies in the czech rep are nomadic , but they still behave like gypsies . 
  the fact that they stopped being nomadic does n't mean they integrated into the society in any way . 
  reindeer are n't protected in norway - so if you were in the same situation as norway , you would send in hunters who would shoot them and then sell them to people who would eat them . 
  we simply decided not to genocide anyone anymore . 
  yeah - in albania you would simply trap them in and eat them . 
  diversity is strength !, 
  also , war is peace and freedom is slavery . 
  there are very few electric cars in slovakia , so they probably do it for advertisement . 
  in the usa there are tesla charging stations , where they charge the car for free if you buy one of their more expensive models . 
   then at the same time , someone who is ethnically german but does not have german citizenship is also not always considered german . 
  that makes no sense , citizenship is really irrelevant to the equation . 
  it 's just a piece of paper , we may as well pretend it does n't exist . 
  germans without german citizenship living in other countries are german . 
  those with just some german ancestors who have lost their german culture and language ca n't be considered german , though . 
  as if it mattered ... germans are an ethnic group .
