  i seriously doubt that, 
  obviously latvian russians need no provocateurs to want to join the glorious empire of putinstan, 
  first thing i thought of , honestly . 
  the main reason is that the eu is composed of a number of countries which need to reach an agreement before actually doing anything . 
  and some of the countries are sort of filibustering it , since they have huge trade with russia . 
  it says european countries . 
  hence no turkey . 
  can you link me the one with north korean workers ? 
  i would like to see it, 
  hope he did n't get gangraped and infected with hiv ... 
  communist deer lived in a forest since 1980 ; do not realize pink curtain moved to the east, 
  it is n't happening in the eu though, 
  jezus has leeft the building, 
  that would be cool . 
  and the israelis would have the opportunity to do something good at least once in their history . 
  come on , they 're just returning a favor that 's long overdue, 
  they probably are having him flown into kiev as we speak, 
  hipster kid or not , you got ta admit the kid has balls, 
  you kind of could see that coming . 
  a lot of poles want to vote for knp , but most of them have n't reached the voting age yet, 
  i envy you . 
  i hate christmases . 
  they 're probably just buying time , nothing will change, 
  i do n't believe it, 
  looks great !, 
  hope polish ones will have a hussar . 
  more like boner kebab , amirite ? 
  you seem to confuse socialism with communism, 
  i ca n't read this bullshit . 
  maybe they 're just triplets torn apart by the neo-nazis in their youth ? 
  if only they had added an s to the beggining ... 
  probably the one with cowboys, 
  how about natu ? 
  it 's because bisons piss on it . 
  hence the yellowish colour . 
  i confirm that . 
  used to drink a lot of it while at university , now i completely forgot about it , thanks for reminding me !, 
  you got 7-eleven ? 
  wow, 
  that 's probably the next step, 
  i remember just randomly checking out a city in russia in google street view , and i was surprised to see one of the shops was under the mlekovita brand . 
  round two fight !, 
  how is poland at 11 % and the netherlands at 5 % ? 
  does coal count as a renewable source ? 
  bikes have weak headlights, 
  exactly . 
  if that is the best they 've got , they ai n't got shit . 
  uh , france ? 
  [ even for this ? 
  than it 's time to buy a shovel and start digging, 
  and the eu certainly might resort to appropriate measures, 
  due to a high polish minority , the british isles will soon secede to poland . 
  referendum in uk now !, 
  the space self-defense units, 
  he 's just thoughtlessly repeating ideas put forward by our polish [ borat ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/janusz_korwin-mikke ) , the good news he 'll grow out of it . 
   this is the complete opposite . 
  even the arab civilization is way closer to true europe . 
  apparently that 's a paradox . 
  and apparently you 're retarded . 
  my thought exactly, 
  obviously the guys in russia did n't plan europa universalis, 
  hidden german option, 
  he 's just trolling guys , ignore him, 
  that walk is old footage, 
  yeah and schroeder got a sweet ass job in gazprom for it . 
  hey , i 'm from earth , why is there no earth flag on reddit ? 
  now that i think of it , that 's kind of how they taken over poland after ww2, 
  everyone got nukes from uncle sam , polan only got sleazy cia interrogation camp ... we had nukes only in glorious soviet times . 
  better get those nukes near veghel ready, 
  he was probably sarcastic, 
  they 'll just send medvedev ( a.k.a. 
  putin 's bottom bitch ) , duh, 
  it was abolished in poland some time ago . 
  i do n't think it 's a very bad thing , the military turns boys into men and it might actually help them acquire some skills in the meantime . 
  it should n't be too long , though , one year of compulsory service max . 
   if you ca n't travel to go shopping anymore in baden-baden or nizza or london , or ca n't access your accounts , then the pressure builds . 
  not being able to go shopping in baden-baden will surely convince putin to rethink his foreign policy, 
  how will russia ever recover , it must be sheer chaos and panic in the streets over there . 
  [ russia might be next ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/international/story?id=82969 ), 
  what ? 
  scotland can into referendum and crimea can not ? 
  soldiers ? 
  what soldiers ? 
  they are paintball players . 
  i like their style . 
  they should rename it to gr8 . 
  why has n't this been done yet ? 
  maybe not useful , but it is a lot more easier to learn , since it is constantly around us . 
  i , for instance , acquired english while watching cartoons on tv when i was a kid , and required no tutoring later in life , just started reading books in english one day . 
  this is the case quite often among my peers . 
  i had german at school and university for about ten years , and still can not comprehend their articles . 
  other than that i think some poles have some sort of inborn prejudice which makes them shiver at the thought that someone could tell them what to do in german . 
  i guess hitler counts as eu too , though, 
  nah , we had one in the west built by hitler, 
  seriously , though , the eu should go back to [ straightening bananas ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commission_regulation_%28ec%29_no_2257/94 ) , that 's the only thing they seem to be good at, 
  at least they had the balls to admit it was them, 
  i wonder whether putin will still claim those were crimean self-defence units . 
  `` helicopers ? 
  you can by them in any helicopter shop , do n't be silly . '', 
  you can get those anywhere these days . '',
