the verb is prove . 
  goede morgen ( if that 's how you spell it ; which ( probably only in some dialects ) sounds like '' / huje morhe / '' , which is similar to hujem w morde in polish ( dick in face ) ), 
  again , he did it for the benefit of the ruling party . 
  law was changed , decisions on a national level were made for the benefit of a certain group of people who want to rule a theoretically independent country . 
  holland will win , it sounds almost like polland, 
  yes , brussels plz send peacekeeping forces !, 
  and russia , bring more army to kaliningrad , asap !, 
  ** please !!!, 
  ok , it might be . 
  but the money is to be printed not out of care for the economy or prosperity , but ** in order to allow the ruling party win the elections ** , and that is , i believe , the biggest scandal . 
  but it 's not done in order to invigorate the economy , but to invigorate the ruling party 's ratings . 
  you 're very likely to get a professional opinion on reddit , a lot of professionals here . 
  you came to the right place , friend . 
   there was never talk about any bribes or anything like that . 
  just two sovereign forces within state structure agreeing on an approach and deciding to change the law . 
  the head of nbp gave certain conditions for his support , all conditions have been met since the meeting . 
  his support is essentially printing more money and giving it to the government so that it can pretend that poland is prosperous . 
  remember greece ? 
  they should be and are in theory . 
  what , you 're having a tape scandal happening right now too ? 
  these recordings were made long before the ukrainian crisis, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=po3-wu_rdxa&amp;feature=youtu.be here 's a vid of the chief editor of that paper being attacked by the secret service, 
  oh my god , ladies and gentlemen - the king of lemmings . 
  i hope you wo n't hear of another scandal involving this govt . 
  because it will cease to exist in a matter of days . 
  exactly , just different faces . 
  and people who see only two parties are narrowminded to say the least . 
  they reached a compromise - we get the president ( the commies ) you get the prime minister ( the new commies ), 
  i ca n't imagine him staying in power after this . 
  maybe he 'll flee to germany , 
  some of our politicians ( ministers and head of central bank ) were recorded while making different deals . 
  not all tapes have been leaked yet , the one that has includes a conversation of our interior minister with the head of the national bank over how the bank will help the ruling party win the elections by printing money if the party replaces the minister of finance and gives th head of nbp more power . 
  ( edit : the replacing and giving more power things have happend after the tapes had been recorded ) now the government lost their mind and sent a prosecutor , the secret service to the hq of the newspaper that published those tapes and are confiscating their computers . 
  a shitload of police and reporters from other papers/tv stations are on the spot . 
  tuskin probably lost his shit out of fear what might be on those tapes and acted irrationally . 
  this situation shows to what extents he is able to go to remain in power . 
  i do n't believe he will remain in office for much longer and i sincerely hope so . 
  not an outrage ? 
  police + secret security forces accompanied by a prosecutor raiding a newspaper 's headquarters and demanding the reporters ' computers on the orders of a compromised minister is not an outrage ? 
  maybe in belarus or soviet russia , but i 'd like to think i live in a democratic country . 
  exactly . 
  the prosecutor general has started a case in order to establish who was the person making the recordings and bring him to justice . 
  poland is a banana republic . 
  i 'm pretty sure he saw a horse at some point . 
  shit fart ? 
  and if deutschland decided it braucht more lebensraum in the ost , the panzers are equipped with a self-destruct protocol which can be triggered from the bundestag, 
  last communist leader and first president, 
  wawel or pow\u0105zki ? 
  i ca n't , i 'm going to be working at my minimum wage job . 
  so sorry . 
  seems legit, 
  poland . 
  invading europe since 2007 . 
  very good idea, 
  it reminds me of poland taking zaolzie from czechoslovakia in 1938 , when hitler was occupying another part of czechoslovakia , sudetenland . 
  only when we sing, 
  not to mention that they succesfully destroyed the iraqi weapons of ass destruction !, 
  would n't that be cannibalism ? 
  because shit stains on your underwear are so slavic, 
  volvos are awesome , i used to have an s60 t5 , it 's the best car i 've ever driven . 
  took too much gas , though . 
  i think it said 360 types , but i found that difficult to believe . 
  it 's probably 360 different beers . 
  the beer thing is the thing i associate with belgium . 
  i 've read somewhere you have about 360 different types of them . 
  impressive . 
  before that i had thought germany is the beer empire . 
  would you rather they mentioned surstr\u00f6mming ? 
  we do n't do our laundry in a bucket with our tits hanging out, 
  do you actually think that jaceniuk is hitler awakened from hibernation after 70 + years ? 
  i think most nazis , if not all of them , have been long dead since 1945 . 
  but it 's a good idea for a sci-fi movie . 
  is n't it impressive that , considering the circumstances ( war , few polling stations ) over 3/4 of people did go and vote ? 
  bush was right , putin is a true democrat . 
  also , it was a great idea to make a polling station in moscow . 
  at first i thought it was a joke , but apparently it was for real . 
  great idea . 
  btw : possible explanation - the ballot actually said free donuts republic instead of independent donetsk, 
  next time we 'll fart on them, 
  hey , that 's actually [ correct ] ( http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/joseph_goebbels#misattributed ), 
  democracy at its best, 
  does the ballot for greatest patriot go 1 ) lenin , 2 ) stalin , 3 ) putin , 4 ) ... 
  i 'm not very good at russian, 
  ... or as it is in best korea, 
  nice, 
  actually he 's already in mother russia, 
  new type of the russian reversal, 
  wow , i did n't know that . 
  - joseph goebbels, 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlmgknvr_pg ), 
  i think vladimir is busy with annexing stuff . 
  besides , hitler got just one olympic games , so it would n't fit into the scheme . 
  kind of reminds me of that monty python bit with mr. hilter, 
  now i wish i could read in russian, 
  it was a translation error , he actually said the ukraine border will soon pull back from russian troops . 
  achievement unlocked, 
  . . which shoot butterflies instead of bullets, 
  sound like a swell guy , would fit into the pro-russia entourage perfectly . 
  it used to be a quite popular solution around here, 
  yeah , but 1 ) it would rather take a long time for the us to deploy any serious amount of forces to europe , they also need infrastructure and stuff 2 ) nukes,
