  gender , homosex , monies , and marvelous job opportunities in the uk, 
  europa shall repel the invaders with its eloquent rhetoric and body language . 
  do not fret , comrade , i 'm sure that every option is on the table and everyone is deeply concerned . 
  no need to panic . 
  step by step oh baby gon na get to you girl step by step step by step ooh baby gon na get to you girl step by step ooh baby [ really want you in my world ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icrargw1rrm ), 
  than italy should kill the british for invading the british isles , since they used to be part of the roman empire . 
  can you give me any source on ukraine being a country in 900 a.d. ? 
  i just find it difficult to believe , but maybe i 'm wrong . 
  since when was ukraine a country ? 
  and when did poland invade ukraine ? 
  what were the major battles in this invasion ? 
  it was ethnic cleansing because they killed polish women and children , not soldiers . 
  i think vampires are more sophisticated edit : no they are n't , they are n't real , just realised that . 
  ha , you seem to confuse the term `` war '' with `` ethnic cleansing '' , my dear ukrainian friend . 
  then they might demand an extra-territorial highway to kaliningrad ... 
  maybe we can into annexation of lw\u00f3w ? 
  soon we 'll be invisible, 
  i think that 's exactly it . 
  that 's exactly what i 've heard people say : `` putin is a bastard . 
  i do n't really care about the ukrainians , but he is a bastard . '' . 
  people ( especially older people ) still remember the massacres from the 1940s , my grandmother is from those lands and she remembers what was going on and she hates ukrainians more than anything . 
  if it was about defending ukraine , noone would care , but since it is about defending ukraine ** from putin ** , everyone seems to care . 
  i do n't know . 
  they did n't ever compensate me . 
  maybe it 's time for a lawsuit . 
  and best korea 's beloved leader, 
  hitler and stalin were nominated too . 
  nothing says `` i 'm sorry '' better than a shitload of money, 
   chechen do n't have their own country anywhere in the world . 
  how about the czech republic ? 
  [ oh , wait ] ( http://newsfeed.time.com/2013/04/23/czech-republic-forced-to-remind-the-internet-that-chechnya-is-a-different-country-after-boston-bombing ), 
  i wear a sock on my wee-wee, 
  actually the svoboda party is openly anti-gay and pro-life and all that crazy religious stuff . 
  in the unlikely ( as it now seems ) case that russia decides to invade poland , i honestly doubt any military action would be undertaken by our allies from nato . 
  one reason is the risk that an open conflict with russia could potentialy go nuclear , the other is gas . 
  as to the current reactions , i think that since europe and us are so very concerned and worried about the situation , they should undertake appropriate non-military measures to make russia think twice . 
  i also think the situation might get really ugly only when/if russia decides to advance further than the crimea , which i hope they wo n't . 
  objectively speaking , it is a fact that crimea has a majority of russian population and russian presence in the region could be somewhat understood , but only if their intentions were made more transparent for the general public . 
  maybe he 'll ride into kyiv on a tiger wielding two assault rifles . 
  without a shirt of course . 
  they do n't even want to impose sanctions on russia , france does n't even find it appropriate to stop selling battleships to russia . 
  ukraine is left on their own , the russians will do what they want and all will go back to normal in a few months . 
  removing kebab through creating lebensraum in the east . 
  they will just fuck them up big time and than say the ukrainians started . 
  classic nazi way of starting wars . 
  i think we can be pretty sure of that . 
  even if the ruskies attacked a nato member , i 'm not convinced the reaction would be harsher than what we are currently seeing . 
  next year lithuania , followed by a polish provocation ... and bam , back to the stone age . 
  [ and soon we will have these fuckers ] ( http://blog.tankpedia.org/2013/10/02/the-polish-pl-01-concept-tank ), 
  yeah , but they 're constantly upgraded . 
  russians have mostly t-72 tanks , which were also developed in 1970 and t-90s , which were developed in 1991 . 
  hahaha, 
  it might have been planned , or something . 
  i think planning is an important aspect of warfare . 
  i do n't think any of the nearby countries have the capacity to engage in an open conflict with russia . 
  [ english language source ] ( http://www.breitbart.com/system/wire/upi20140303-141009-3946 ), 
  apparently [ they went in the wrong place ] ( http://www.breitbart.com/system/wire/upi20140303-141009-3946 ), 
  we just bought 119 leopard 2 tanks from germany at the end of 2013 , buy i doubt whether we already have had soldiers trained to use them, 
  yeah , i remember all the fuss about the greek nationalists getting an high amount of votes , the hungarian jobbik is evil as fuck , but the ukrainian nationalists ? 
  wonderful guys . 
  are polish , muscovian , jewish not nationalities/ethnicities ? 
  well , actually , one point of the svoboda programme states :  ukraine should again re-acquire tactical nuclear weaponry which would mean that they might ultimately be quite difficult to stop . 
  an old bolschevik legend says the ark of the covenant is to be found in the forests near kiyv, 
  yeah , they also massacred polish women and children , the third great evil of the 20th century . 
  ok , that 's the way you see it because that is what the media tell you . 
  do some reading on your own and then you will realise that russia is not only looking for whatever kind of gain it might get from having ukraine as their vassal , but might be genuinely concerned about the fate of their citizens , which form the majority of the population in crimea . 
  nevertheless i do agree ukraine should be a sovereign state , i 'm just sick of the mindless railing on russia . 
  dude , do you know the name of the svoboda party before it was called svoboda ? 
  it was the social-national party of ukraine . 
  seems a bit similar to national socialist german workers ' party , does n't it ? 
  the current president of ukraine is a representative of that party . 
  i do n't care if it 's 3000 or 30,000 extremists on the street , one extremist being president is far than enough . 
  do you notice those black and red flags often shown on tv on the maidan ? 
  [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_insurgent_army ) is what they symbolise . 
  also , yushchenkno , when he was president , made [ stepan bandera ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stepan_bandera ) a national hero  in late 1942 , bandera 's organization , the organization of ukrainian nationalists , was involved in a campaign of ethnic cleansing of volhynia , and in early 1944 , these campaigns began to include eastern galicia . 
  it is estimated that nearly 70,000 poles , mostly women and children along with unarmed men , were killed during the spring and summer campaign of 1943 in volhynia [ 34 ] by the oun-bandera which bears primary responsibility for the massacres . 
   on january 1 , 2014 bandera 's 105th birthday was celebrated by a torchlight procession of 15,000 people in the centre of kiev and thousands more rallied near his statue in lviv . 
  [ 75 ] [ 76 ] [ 77 ] the march was supported by the svoboda party and members of batkivshchyna . 
  amen brother , amen, 
  yeah , it happened already once , but it was the soviets who were liberating us ... oh , wait ... 
  dumb ? 
  i just have my own point of view and do n't believe everything tvn24 tells me . 
  they had an agreement , had they obeyed it , i doubt it would come to russian involvement . 
  paid for ? 
  are you dumb ? 
  who would pay me for posting on reddit , dude , do n't be paranoid . 
  i think it would n't come to this if the `` maidan '' had respected the agreement signed by the eu foreign ministers and janukowych . 
  they brought this situation onto themselves , and the media are ( as always ) antagonizing russia . 
  do not worry lithuania , polan will protect you, 
  and if you repeat a lie a 1000 times , it becomes the truth , 
  go poland , show them , you so stronk , you ca n't possibly pay more for russian gas , so what the hell, 
  we should call it rzeczpospolita obojga narod\u00f3w, 
  u jelly ? 
  yup , he looks like your typical british guy . 
  it 's suspicious that only the russians and the germans knew about it . 
  it might be a trap, 
  so funny , you came up with that by yourself ? 
  or is that joke like 10000 years old ? 
  [ madagascar ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/madagascar_plan ) would have been a much better choice . 
  i 'm sure that 's better than a visit from the mayor of toronto ,
