well no shit the military is n't going to comment on an ongoing operation . 
  i know you just copied it from the article op , but that title seems really tasteless to me . 
  the parade was to honor those who fought and died to liberate yugoslavia . 
  `` serbia honors putin * at * military parade '' delivers the same information , without the snide implication that the whole thing was one big pr stunt . 
  obviously it was part pr , and that 's the interesting part for foriegn press to report on , but you can do it in a way that does n't completely belittle the entire country . 
  well we 've got this one to account for : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/korean_air_lines_flight_007 so i think by the rules of moral equivalency being established here the us or a us ally gets to shoot down one more passenger airliner and nobody gets to be mad about it because the russians got 2 and we only got 1 . 
  edit : they got a congressman , but he was kind of a fringe nutter , so maybe we 'll get zhirinovsky 's plane to make it even . 
  i agree pretty much 100 % . 
  stuff like the visegrad group is a good start . 
  as someone attempting to give a neutral take from abroad , i think an integrated military command and a more centralized and united foreign policy is vital for europe to remain a top power in an increasingly multipolar world . 
  the us is going to need to step back from some of its foreign policy commitments eventually and europe seems like the obvious place to start . 
  i think lots of europeans are sick of having us around and lots of americans are sick of footing the bill for deploying there for what feels like no good reason . 
  this whole thing is incredibly unsettling to me . 
  russian doctrine seem to be fine tuned to tap dance around and expose the inherent weaknesses in article 5 . 
  say a baltic government was overthrown in such a way where russia can maintain plausible deniability over its involvement ? 
  obama can go to tallinn and give a speech about how committed he is to the baltics , but he 's still got to sell a military response to the congress and to the american people . 
  i 'm not sure how much support there would be for a serious confrontation with russia in that situation . 
  war is changing and the type of conflict nato was designed for is n't the type of thing we 're likely to see . 
  i 'm afraid that nato gives a false sense of security to eastern europe , and that they conduct their foreign policy banking on a guarantee that might not actually be there . 
  i 'm afraid that energy security concerns are going to lead germany towards a more non-aligned foreign policy . 
  i could n't even blame them , as it would likely be in their best interest economically . 
  not that all of this is going to happen in the next 2 years , but over the next 20 ? 
  it certainly seems more plausible than it did a year ago . 
  the guy with the microphone is for staying in the uk and the people shouting at him are for independence . 
  russians do n't smile in public around people who are n't close friends , it 's considered insincere . 
  this kind of stuff is pretty amazing to me because of the remarkable cultural and linguistic homogeneity here . 
  obviously there are dialects , but the only thing i could compare to something like geordie , that 's unintelligible to me unless i can slow it down and take it a chunk at a time , would be some of the more back-country versions of cajun or appalachian english . 
  basically places that spent the last couple hundred years very much isolated from the cultural mainstream . 
  speaking of geographic isolation , i 'm always interested in asking native speakers what they think of cajun french and amish/mennonite german . 
  there are quite a few examples on youtube . 
  i 've had someone from france tell me that cajun french sounds perfectly clear to them and a german tell me that anabaptist german sounds like gibberish . 
  although he was from brandenburg , and it 's my understanding that the anabaptists largely came from southern germany and switzerland so i 'd be interested in what someone from there has to say . 
  i 'm mostly in support of us policy in regards to europe , but that does n't mean someone should n't be able to disagree reasonably with evidence to back it up . 
  everything you 've said is more or less true and you should n't be getting downvoted for it . 
  interesting how things have changed here , 6 months ago pro-us pro-nato opinion would be more likely to get you downvoted . 
  kosciuszko has a huge statue and monument in west point as well . 
  he was the engineer in charge of the defenses there during the revolution , and his insistence that we open an officer training school led to the academy opened there . 
  he wrote a book on cavalry and artillery tactics that was taught there for many years . 
  i actually just ran into something really cool in an old / r/askhistorians thread tonight . 
  in 1926 poland sent a 111 volume tribute to the 150th anniversary of our independence . 
  it contained over 5,500,000 signatures , or over 1/6 of the population of poland at that time . 
  edit : [ should probably have put in the link ] ( http://www.loc.gov/rr/european/egw/polishex.html ), 
  talk about purple prose ... not terribly familiar with this site , but they need to hire an editor . 
  we 'll see who 's laughing when i get it published in the journal of linguistic anthropology . 
  sadly we never quite could annex those crafty bastards , but one probably could make an analogy comparing american cultural influence in canada with russian in some of the ex soviet republics . 
  there 's an added dimension though where english canada tries to maintain its own distinct culture alongside quebec trying to keep all anglo perfidy at bay . 
  us aid to israel is functionally just a us tax subsidy to our arms business . 
  by law every cent is spent on us equipment and it has very little effect on the israeli economy . 
  not to mention egypt , bahrain , quatar and saudi arabia get the same thing . 
  were talking about the difference between a complex modern economy and countries that exist almost solely on pumping fuel out of the ground , [ you can take a look at the export maps yourself ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_economic_complexity ) . 
  as far as respect for opposition goes israel is the only country in the region with any respect for western ideals of human rights . 
  [ idf soldiers stand outside all day and get spit on while photographers wait to see somebody snap . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0tz4w.jpg ) you really think any of the gulf monarchies are putting up with that shit ? 
  bottom line is it 's pretty damn easy to criticize israel 's defense policy when you are n't the one with rockets raining down on your house every night . 
  egypt is not even close in either respect . 
  the fact that you would even suggest egypt and israel are economically on par shows you do n't have the slightest clue . 
  uae and qatar both sit on top of plenty of oil , but they do n't have functioning modern economies and it shows in wealth distribution . 
  not to mention they 're both autocracies with no protections for personal freedoms and rule of law is arbitrary at best . 
  edit : saw you snuck brunei in there . 
  nice try , but you 're a couple thousands miles away from arabia . 
   apartheid the same apartheid where arabs in israel have more personal liberty and better standards of living than anywhere else in the arab world ? 
  i heard something interesting from donald tusk as far as things you can do that are n't quite sanctions , but put some pressure on russia . 
  he was talking about all the eu countries that want to buy gas from russia coming together and negotiating as one . 
  you still use the russian gas that economically makes the most sense to buy , you might even get a better rate on average by buying together , and you prevent russia from bullying smaller countries by forcing them to negotiate with a united bloc . 
  of course this requires close cooperation and trust , but this crimea situation may just be the kick in the pants that the eu needed to help get everyone on the same page . 
  as part of the ascension agreement cheap vodka will be shipped in from st. petersburg and arkhangelsk , and finns will no longer have to deal with [ evil estonian nazis ] ( http://i.imgur.com/neki0l0.jpg ), 
  i 'm pretty ignorant here , but i assume russian interests in moldova and any russian aggression would be limited to transnistria . 
  transnistria is probably not where those eu citizens live , and it 's been outside of moldava 's control for 20 years . 
  demographic wise , it 's not as pro russian as crimea , but it 's still a majority slavic region in a non-slavic country . 
  propaganda wise russia would be able to line up lots of nice photo-ops with the ` liberators ' just as they have done in crimea . 
  basically as long as it does n't touch nato directly any response would be economic in nature . 
  damn , mccain has really gone insane these past couple years . 
  i mean , he 's always been a hawk , but he no longer seems connected to realty . 
  he 's taking photo-ops with syrian rebels and ready to declare war on half the world , it 's getting embarrassing . 
  for anyone here who only knows him as the guy who lost to obama , and is curious why he was at one time a guy that everyone generally liked and respected i recommend [ david foster wallace 's piece about following his 2000 presidential campaign ] ( http://justpaste.it/weaselshrub ), 
  your argument presumes that the eu was playing puppet master behind the protests . 
  the fact that they made a deal letting russia keep a lot of its influence in ukraine , and the polish foreign minister getting overheard telling protesters they 'd all be killed if they did n't back down suggests they had no clue how weak yanukovych really was . 
  they may have recognized the resulting government , but they were n't the ones who overthrew the previous one . 
  yes lets burn more coal instead . 
  the nice thing about coal waste is it gets blown right into the air so you do n't have to worry about storing it . 
  seemed like france was the one dragging it 's feet during negotiations last time , not us . 
  you can add in congressional districts drawn by state legislators in most states . 
  this leads to basically the envisioned role of both houses being reversed . 
  the people get a real direct say over their senator every six years , while every two years the entrenched powers in each state send a delegation favorable to themselves . 
  then there 's the senate filibuster gone from extraordinary measure to forgone conclusion . 
  i think california 's open primaries are an interesting idea . 
  i think there should be more mechanisms to bring bills to the floor for an up or down vote instead of letting the majority party leadership hold it hostage . 
  no more committee chairs determined by party loyalty , and last but not least term limits . 
  together i think we 've got around ten . 
  well most of you guys have parliamentary systems which tends to produce a larger number of parties in the legislature that are more ideologically pure . 
  our system produces two sets of longstanding coalitions that last for usually around 30 + years before gradually unraveling . 
  currently our congress has the left wing progressive caucus , the centrist new democrats , the center right republican study committee and the right wing tea party/liberty caucus . 
  personally i 'd prefer a more fluid parliamentary-style legislature , but it 's really not even among the top ten silliest things about our legislature that i 'd like to see reformed . 
   the usa is far more powerful and far less reliant on russia than the eu . 
  it therefore holds that the usa would be best placed to implement stronger sanctions . 
  yeah , we have our own gas and we pay [ less than a third ] ( http://www.bp.com/content/dam/bp/images/core-editorial-main/natural_gas_prices-2012.jpg ) of what europe is paying for it . 
  it 's important to keep that mind before criticizing europe for not taking a stronger stance here . 
  if there are some targeted sanctions the us can apply to the russian elite , then ok , but there 's no sense in anyone in europe being unable to heat their home next winter because of a dick measuring contest between politicians . 
  sometimes we get caught up in talking about this stuff in the abstract , and forget that there are real people 's lives behind those numbers . 
  http://imgur.com/o4lemuf i never saw the op image , but i assume it was this one .
