  ironically , even the special organizations that ( with full eu support ! ), 
  are supposed to act * against * corruption are internally used as political devices , and the eu observatories play in such a different league and assume such a higher level of democratic and political culture that they literally seem to `` not get it '' . 
  this does n't help with the average joe 's perception of the eu , who seems baffled that such a supposedly important institution can be tricked like this , and is left with no choice other than to assume that they 're actually helping the corrupt government to screw them even harder . 
  people like me or axtolip are n't demanding fools who think the grass is green wherever we do n't live . 
  i am perfectly aware that power and corruption come hand in hand , and i know corruption is anywhere i live -- but in the place where i * used * to live , they were n't an unwanted pair , they were symbiotic organisms . 
  the group of people who effectively form `` the state '' have long severed any kind of mutual connection with `` average '' people ( i.e. 
  people outside their group ) like myself -- who , despite their wishful thinking , simply did n't have any * democratic * means to force a change . 
  i was n't implying that this * happens * , i was implying that there are a lot of pretentious idiots whose political discourses imply either that it 's happening , or that it is n't happening , but it 's for everyone 's good :-) . 
   well , you ca n't ban now the separation of men from women . 
  apart from the obvious examples ( toilets ) , let 's say you have an artistic project where you want to involve the public and you have them separate ... 
  yes , you can , if it 's made on a religious basis . 
  if you have an artistic project where you want to involve the public and you have them separate , you announce that prior to the event and if anyone does n't respect that , you just go along . 
  the same applies to skin colour ; it would be daring , but not illegal , to ask the crowd to observe some form of segregation if it 's a component of an artistic performance . 
  asking them for segregation just because they do n't have the same colour would simply account as a form of inequality . 
  i am not saying that this should be * forbidden * -- i am well-aware that there are people for whom this has been the norm for generations , and they would actually feel uncomfortable without it . 
  so just provide a section in the crowd for people who * want * this : if there were `` women '' , `` men '' and `` couples '' sections , there was definitely room for a `` do n't care '' section . 
  this way , people who are comfortable within their cultural framework can still be comfortable without making everyone else uncomfortable . 
  same goes with toilets -- unisex toilets are common in small bars , where there just is n't enough room . 
  in a place with several restrooms , going to the one of the opposite gender is , at most , somewhat frowned upon and met with disaproving glances , but it 's merely an issue of convenience , not a continuation of a culture where breaking segregation often results in severe punishment . 
   what these guys tried was guarantee a friendly audience ( because apparently they got booed a few times ) . 
  they got booed when the muslim representative refused to shake hands with a woman , and then continued to talk about how they treat their women as equals in everything . 
  i think this is the kind of example that illustrates where our understanding of religious tolerance starts failing . 
  it 's also the kind of thing that -- in my opinion -- rightfully frustrates people whose iq is slightly above that of a fairly modern microwave oven . 
  an important part of our society -- one of those that actually guarantees that every religious person , regardless of whether he 's a crackpot or not , can practice his religion -- is that no religious law is any more important , in a state-wide deployment , than any other personal wish . 
  to anyone claiming to organize such a debate from an impartial standpoint , the fact that a man who adheres to the laws of islam does not want to stand near a woman should be exactly on the same level as the fact that a guy in a pub does n't want to sit at the table closest to the bar . 
  either sit there or fuck off . 
  the fact that some precept is religious in nature does n't make it any more significant than any pact people make with their imaginary friends . 
  government authorities should either fine eira for this ( or take whatever legal measures are taken for discrimination ) or take schizophreniacs just as seriously . 
  bezbojnicul 's comment is sound . 
  back before the 1990s , science and engineering were consciously shoved into school as part of the communist party 's strategy . 
  if anyone was good at math , physics , or in general any exact science , where excellence was not related to regurgitating the works of the founding fathers of communism , it was very hard to remain undiscovered -- and they were otherwise encouraged . 
  in the short term it was worth it , in the long term it brought a fair deal of social imbalance in the workplace market , oversized technical universities , somewhat of a stigma on engineering and , having been done at the expense of other areas of development , like humanities , it was an overall loss if you ask me . 
  you brits converted me . 
  people make the chips rather thin around here -- the peculiar , tasteless variety you call fries -- and serve them with ketchup or mayonnaise . 
  then i discovered that you can make chips thick and serve them with vinegar . 
  my consumption of ketchup and mayo has declined considerably . 
  you brits showed me the true way of the chips . 
  people make fries rather thin around here and serve them with ketchup or mayonnaise . 
  then i discovered the thick chips and the fact that you serve them with vinegar . 
  my consumption of ketchup and mayo has declined considerably . 
   so here comes my question . 
  how can a site as progressive as reddit , still ` defend ' the right to bear arms . 
  just wait until you see the first post about how someone who used to carry a gun , but no longer does because the law no longer allows it , is raped . 
  then everyone will be outraged at how a website as progressive as reddit can still ` defend ' a ban on carrying guns . 
  when someone abuses a right , it 's easy to forget what happens when other people abuse the lack of that right . 
   the early muslim doctrine was that , while the qur ` an was what god told muhammed , the book was still written by muhammed and was therefore a fallible temporal object . 
  turns out the violent people usually had the upper-hand in those days . 
  also turns out the more violent people are usually the stupider ones , too . 
  although , to be fair , the stance you quote was never `` the early muslim doctrine '' iirc . 
  probably the shortest description of how what used to be the center of learning of the civilised world turned into one of the places most deserted by reason . 
  just because we view something through our own values and standards does n't mean it 's not inferior * by our own standards * . 
  i also perceive the segregation as inferior and undesirable ; i would n't want my daughters or my sisters or my friends to go through it . 
  but this type of segregation is a personal choice . 
  it does n't hurt anyone when it 's done willingly ; it hurts * a lot * more people if it 's denied simply because it 's foreign . 
  judging by the downvotes , i presume someone has a problem with the term ethnocentrism , which is n't as bad as it sounds . 
  it means only the assumption that your own values are universal . 
  the article quotes at least one woman who claims she actually feels this type of segregation is sometimes comfortable for her . 
  to us , europeans , it feels like this is a type of discrimination : as we grow up , boys and girls grow up and play together , and have common activities as adolescents . 
  in many muslim societies , this is not the case , not as much as it is in our western society , which is why there are muslim women ( and men ! ), 
  who feel that they sometimes need to be surrounded only by other women ( or other men ) in order to be comfortable . 
  it feels wrong to us . 
  it does n't mean it feels wrong to them . 
  of course , it does n't mean it feels right for every muslim woman , either , but those who want it should be allowed to have it , in the virtue of exactly the same reason why we think it 's imoral to force men and women apart . 
   for many dutch people , living in a historically tolerant and liberal country , the idea of separating men and women has led to some criticism that these buildings are effectively condoning some kind of gender inequality . 
  [ ... ] `` it turns into reality . 
  the rules of the koran are discrimination , it is stimulating discrimination . 
  it 's taking us back to medieval times . '', 
  `` these immigrants are from lower social classes , they 're not educated , they 're bringing those values to our dutch society - the opposite should happen , they should adapt to our modern and free values . 
  this is a textbook example of ethnocentrism . 
  not that i do n't understand why dutch people ( or some dutch people , whichever applies ) would want that ; if i were in their shoes , i 'd want it , too . 
  but putting it in pompous explanations of why it 's wrong is very unconvincing . 
  just say you do n't like it and be done with it , and if enough people are unhappy with it , solve the matter through the legal system . 
  bringing politics into something that is otherwise a simple cultural debate is sickening and very unproductive . 
  this sounds like a very familiar story , except i 'm seeing it here , in eastern europe . 
  sorry mate , we could n't sort things out either . 
  you 're welcome  . 
  in my opinion , it 's not a matter of `` their mindset '' in terms of ethnicity . 
  it 's a matter of a social group 's mindset . 
  this group is n't predisposed to it because it 's made up of gypsies per se -- it 's predisposed to it as a set of cultural constructs and values , which are the way they are because they worked for the members of the group , not because they were such and such . 
  it 's a set of values we obviously do n't agree with ( hence , it looks so `` heavily messed up '' to you -- it does n't look a lot better to me either ) . 
  unfortunately , modern europe also has a taboo against sending people away or telling them to fuck off . 
  the white colonialist has been an asshole for so long , having denied others the things they rightfully wanted , that now he ca n't even bear the thought of admitting there 's a social group that does n't * want * his values . 
  and , with our history of deportation and forced civilisation , of course we can `` integrate '' any group , we just have to be tolerant and help them overcome their marginalized position . 
  could that segregation be partly voluntary from both sides ? 
  never !, 
  who would n't want to be part of the modern european world ? 
  really , amidst all the buzz with the roma being sent home by the french , i was very zen about it . 
  i can totally understand them . 
  really , the only objection i had to the gesture was that they were sending them * back here * . 
  where they would n't knock on the door of the hundreds of ngos and anti-discrimination groups to find work options , would n't reach one of the public agencies for workplace occupation or return their children to schools . 
  yes , many of the schools in rural areas are understaffed and lack educational means . 
  but those are problems for all the children in those areas , not only for the roma . 
  i 'll try my best :-) . 
  background : lived in eastern europe , with a few pauses along the years , but overall gathered a lot of time there . 
  also went to school there . 
  also , i currently work and live there . 
  most of my experience is related to romania and serbia , but i 'm quite sure it applies to * most * eastern europe . 
  historically , eastern europe has had a sizeable roma population , and it probably comes as no surprise that they were not exactly well-liked , mostly because it was the late middle ages ( oh -- and prolongued , as much as you can call it that way in the the not-exactly-feudal system of eastern europe ) and people were stupid . 
  in romania , their legal status was pretty much that of a slave until the mid 19th century or so , i do n't remember exactly how it was in serbia . 
  historically , eastern eruope has also had a somewhat different social evolution from the western europe .
