  the enlightenment ? 
  yeah , we pretty much spent that working grain and milking cows . 
  there were some notable exceptions everywhere , of course , but not of the same scale . 
  a combination of several factors led to a somewhat slow industrialization until the second half of the 19th century ( i can ellaborate on that , at least when it comes to romanian history , with which i am more familiar ) , the end result of which was that a sizeable portion of the population was still largely rural , unalphabetized , practicing subsistence agriculture and overall not being too willing to challenge traditional social norms . 
  this is n't to say everyone here was dead poor . 
  romania , serbia , bulgaria , oh and hungary ( but those guys lived closer to the germans for longer ) had wonderful urban centers , a booming cultural trend , a growing scientific community and so on . 
  it 's just that the vast majority of those who labored ( mostly in agriculture since -- you guessed it -- industry was kind of slow ) were not exactly in the position where they begin to do interesting things , socially . 
  imagine 19th century england begining its industrial revolution and you have a pretty good comparison . 
  well , minus 15 centuries of political and cultural development . 
  turns out being in that place of the map where every big country fights every other big country for several centuries kind of sucks . 
  ok , i said nothing about the gypsies so far . 
  what happened to them through all this time ? 
  well , the combination of a heavily traditionalistic , hardly alphabetized society with almost no cultural elite * and * a mostly nomadic ( i 'm hesitant to say `` nomadic '' because , well , the anthropological meaning of the term is somewhat different ) culture with a strong dislike for those outside their culture is bound to breed exclusion . 
  most romanians learned to dislike gypsies simply by social construction . 
  traditional romanian ( and , to some degree , serbian and bulgarian ) social values are very much opposite to those of the roma population . 
  it did n't help that the roma people did n't quite like outsiders , either . 
  so , long story short , around the 1940s or so , there were large groups of gypsies that the other populations did n't really like and had historically enslaved ; and of course the roma communities did n't really get along well with the outsiders . 
  basically , both cultures had somewhat of a taboo on the other one . 
  and most people of both population were either dead poor , or had so little property ( and possibilities of development ) that they were on the brink of it . 
  then two things happened : nazi germany and communism . 
  i wo n't bore you with the first part that much , it 's probably familiar enough , but the other one is interesting because , starting with the mid 1960s or so , it had a very strong nationalistic construct . 
  needless to say , * again * , it sucked to be an ethnic minority around here , perhaps with some exceptions in the former yugoslavia , even that one ended badly . 
  the roma were already well marginalized ; the new regimes had no reason to improve on that -- and even if they had , they pretty much fucked up almost everything they tried to improve , so you can guess what happened to what they did n't . 
  the mutual exclusion simply continued to build up . 
  so far it sounds like eastern europeans suck and the roma are pure spirits , but there are ( as usual ) two sides on each coin . 
  turns out traditional societies are actually quite ok with strangers here in eastern europe , as long as you 're not too blatantly different at first . 
  all the foreigners who come here love our food , love how hospitable we are , enjoy our cities and or warm conversation over a beer -- and people do n't do that out of a fake kindness , most of them really are that way . 
  until you begin putting cranberry sauce on your steak , or you leave the spaghetti al dente instead of boiling them until they 're so soft you can have a spider use them for webs . 
  at that point , they freak out . 
  so there are actually a lot of people of roma ethnicity that are not hated by anyone around here , simply because they at least tried to fit in a little . 
  they 're the famous `` that 's not true , i have a gypsy neighbor and he 's a really fine guy , we even have a beer at my place every once in a while '' , or `` no , i know a lot of gypsy musicians and they rock '' . 
  why do n't you hear about them ? 
  the same reason why you do n't hear about my other neighbors : they do n't do anything notable . 
  well , unless they 're really awesome people like johnny r\u0103ducanu , which most of the people * everywhere * are n't . 
  in most cases , when someone from around here says `` dude , i do n't have * anything * with gypsies '' , they really mean it . 
  what about the * other * ones you hear about ? 
  turns out -- like in every cultural group -- that being a hardline traditionalist does n't require being consciously aware of it ( which also makes it look kind of out of place , because you 're bound to think that no one who can understand and express something like hardline conservativeness can be that fucking stupid ) . 
  every highly-individualised , closed cultural group , with a history of marginalization and a general dislike of people outside itself is bound to be rather resistant to change . 
  and theirs is . 
  unfortunately , the very vocal advocates of this group are so annoying that everyone tends to extend a lot of hatred from them to those they are advocating for . 
  to a westerner , it looks like easterners are whining : just put the guys in school , help them if they are in need and shut the fuck up , what can be so hard ? 
  unfortunately , every easterner has had the experience of roma parents simply refusing to let their children go to school , or sending them to school only for the state aid ; almost every easterner who was mugged or beaten has had the experience of getting it from a gypsy . 
  not because all of them are like that -- simply because there still are huge communities that practice this as a way of life , and * like it * . 
  these are n't groups of opressed people who are kicked out of schools , these are hardline social groups that * refuse * sending children to school ( which , by the way , is actually free ) . 
  there are otherwise more foundations and ngos trying to finance poor roma children through school than there are for helping gifted romanian children through school . 
  there are even separate places for roma children in public education , which are only eligible for members of their ethnic group , so that the barrier of entry to quality higher education ( i.e. 
  the minimum required grades ) are lower . 
  the guys who beg on the streets of paris are n't the heroes of the groups we marginalized , they 're the representatives of those who have been otherwise consistently refusing ( or worse , mocking ) help for the last 20 years or so . 
  the heroes of the groups we historically marginalized are now well-off , settled people with professional careers and nice families . 
  the other ones are no longer marginalized just because they 're gypsies . 
  it helps even less that these communities are either extremely poor or obsecenely rich . 
  remember , this is eastern europe , where a 25 year-old teaching assistant can barely afford the general living expenses , let alone the rent for a single-room apartment . 
  people are bound to hate the obscenely rich folks , who have no job but 12-bedroom houses ( you are free to guess where they got the money from ) . 
  the extremely poor communities ? 
  they just make bad economic decisions , like all poor people . 
  every last cent they make ends up invested in material goods , not education or development . 
  ( edited for some minor typos ; i hope i have n't missed any ... ) tl ; dr due to historical reasons , the roma communities have been heavily segregated , which is less big a deal than it sounds because their culture is n't exactly open to outsiders , either . 
  nowadays , people hate it that they have to go through a lot of effort to support communities that otherwise refuse or simply profit from the support , while continuing their practice . 
  most folks feel that the roma communities should try their best to fit in , in exchange for the aid and tolerance they get . 
  when they do n't do it because it 's against their cultural values , people are naturally frustrated . 
  i wholeheartedly agree with 7500 . 
  we europeans simply are n't civilised enough , nor tolerant enough , not compared to you guys ; we have effectively become the opressors here . 
  plus you have a lot of land that could benefit from the additional population density , you know , just sayin ' , it 's a little crowded here . 
  besides , your policy of multuculturalism is a great opportunity for growth and thriving , for any cultural group that 's joining you . 
  it would be a shame to refuse these people for petty political reasons . 
  pretty please with , uhm , maple syrup on top ? 
   the core possibility for political participation in europe is every citizens ' right to elect members of the european parliament . 
  however , citizens often feel that they have little opportunity to make their voices heard on european issues besides the european parliament elections . 
  there is no obvious forum within which they can discuss these issues together . 
  living in one of the countries that definitely suffer from a serious erosion of democracy ( and with the recent elections , it 's only going to get worse ) , i feel that an important problem is that my elected european parliament representatives have very little accountability in front of their citizens . 
  some of the european mps of my country have had a meagre contribution at best ; others have represented the interests of their national parties , not of their electors . 
  but if this happens , turns out we 're kindda stuck with them . 
  the political tradition of the eastern bloc , former communist countries is very much different from that in the west . 
  most people who turn to politics here are really doing it just for the additional opportunities of getting rich ( read : if you 're high enough on the political ladder , it 's easier to get away with breaking the law ) . 
  most of those who want to further their careers as european mps are just classier . 
  i do n't have a passive stance on this . 
  not even close . 
  what i am against is decemvrezerg 's suggestion that my compatriots gave the convicted criminals a 58 % majority * in spite * of having alternatives . 
  no , they did n't have any . 
  most of those who lost their parliament seats face similar allegations of corruption , money laundering , human traficking , and the only reason why fewer of them have been convicted is that they had a sufficiently large majority to ensure protection until now . 
  due to our legislative system ( voted into being by -- gasp !, 
  -- the parliament , and heartily defended by the folks who just lost majority ) , serious legal investigation of an mp requires approval from the parliament . 
  guess whose actions face legal investigation and whose do n't . 
  it 's not due to lack of lexical diversity that i called them mobsters . 
  this parliament is as bad as the previous one . 
  the disaster of these elections lays in the fact that it 's bad , not in the fact that it 's worse -- because it 's not . 
  it 's just as bad . 
  edit : for reference : some of those who ended up as mps did n't win the popular vote in their colleges . 
  it 's still possible to get a seat if you come in second , or even third . 
  as for my options : my electoral college brought forth , as candidates for a senate seat , several people with zero political experience , an ex-minister famous for incompetence and several dubious contracts , and a bunch of guys whose name did n't even turn up on a google search . 
  i went to vote and , lacking any real alternative , i simply put several stamps on the card , to make sure it gets invalidated . 
  it seemed like the only logical thing to do . 
  the previous coalition of mobsters initially ran with about the same amount of popular support four years ago , if not even higher ( pdl and psd had way over 58 % iirc ) . 
  ah , fair enough . 
  thanks for the clarification !, 
   you would not be making that comment if you knew the type of criminals the romanian parliament contains . 
  oh , give me a break , it 's not like they 're new faces . 
  the majority has n't magically shifted away from the hearty defendants of justice and into the hands of the mobsters . 
  it simply shifted from one group of mobsters to the other . 
  it 's not better , of course , but it 's not worse either .
