  you ca n't really blame people who still remember about the churches bombed during easter for instantly going apeshit as soon as they hear there 's a chance about all that shit coming up again . 
  even with military intervention off the table , the foreign policy of the us is something i , for one , would be happy not to see anywhere around my border . 
  it has a history of backing the wrong kind of people . 
  i do n't agree with how the eu is handling this , either , but the us does n't seem like someone ukraine ought to be taking advice from . 
   a stable ukraine would be bringing much more money in ( or at least reduce a lot the average loss in eastern europe ) than a few oligarch . 
  this is of course true , but it 's only a valid argument for people who prefer satisfying long-term sustainability demands to immediate demands from their political and financial backers . 
  i do not know if the ambivalent position of the eu has anything to do with oligarchs or other financial interests though . 
  it not only seems rather unlikely , but it also seems like a stable ukraine would make the eu even * safer * for those of them who suddenly decide to go on vacation with 10 % of mother russia 's gdp and never return . 
  it is as likely to imply that they deal with it better across the board as it is likely to imply that they are prescribing even when they are superfluous . 
   of course it could also be that denmark tends to diagnose and treat depression properly . 
  aye , that too . 
  statistics never paints anything but the shadow of a half-truth  . 
  people who are on antidepressants typically do n't quite report they 're happy . 
  what the article infers is that , while the average would suggest denmark is a happy nation , the optimistic-looking average is in fact hiding a stern division between generally very happy and generally miserable people . 
  this could suggest a different kind of disparage -- e.g. 
  the environmental factors with which depression is strongly correlated ( stress , lack of social integration etc. ), 
  may be prevalent only in certain sectors of the population , while essentially absent in others , inferring that there is an underlying social inequality issue . 
  imagine an equivalent scenario : a country with low rates of teenage pregnancy and high religious adherence has huge sales for medicines used in the treatment of stds . 
  this could e.g. 
  suggest a social problem : low rates of teenage pregnancy and high religious adherence probably means that , when hormones kick in , a lot of young males do n't have sexual partners of their own age ( high std rates suggest the rate of teenage pregnancy should be quite high ) . 
  both they and the married men who cheat will typically get the stds from women who ca n't / do n't seek treatment for their stds -- which , quite possibly , may not even know they have . 
  this , in turn , means that some of the population is too poor to afford medical treatment and , quite possibly , so poor they have to resort to prostitution . 
  it does n't mean that the people who inhabit that country are promiscuous !, 
  ( remember : low teenage pregnancy , high religious adherence ) , but it indicates a possibly even more unsettling fact . 
  bucharest : you should really , i mean * really * like dogs , otherwise you 're pretty much screwed . 
  prague : you should know there is always more to life . 
  ah ok , so if i 'm saying that people in britain are a bunch of racist cunts , i 'm obviously not refering to the british people , just to those of them who are racist cunts and therefore , obviously , not british ( because everyone knows the british are n't a bunch of racist cunts ! ) . 
  phew , i was almost convinced saying something like in the presence of people who are n't idiots would be frowned upon ... 
   the only reason why they get some preferential treatment in some circumstances is because they cause problems . 
  i do n't think we should reward their lack of effort . 
  i am also of the opinion that preferential treatment -- for immigrants or not -- should n't be handed out based on troublemaking . 
  it 's hard to make * any * case for preferential treatment in a modern law system , but this one is among the least defensible . 
  it 's ok , it 's not that easy to figure out what 's behind the written words :-) . 
  cheers !, 
   there 's no way i 'd accept to pay more taxes to give the roma access to more benefits like free housing just because unlike every other immigrant community they tend to not even try to integrate . 
  this is the kind of common sense attitude that both extremes -- the but think of the children we have to integrate !, 
  and the ultra-conservatives -- are slow in picking up . 
  it is also quite representative of the fairly wide-spread opinion that i see in romania : even the people who * agree * that poor people should be helped by those who are n't poor are not ok with their help being bluntly taken , then hijacked . 
  it 's hard to make a legitimate ethical case when the same parents who happily accept ngo help to send their kids to school take them to beg in paris on a whim . 
  it 's insulting not only to those of romanian ethnicity , it 's * especially * insulting to those of rroma ethnicity who actually struggled to live a sustainably-better life . 
  i went to school with a guy who literally lived in a cardboard house , whose parents worked their assess of to make sure he does n't live there forever and * he * studied and worked his ass off to make sure their efforts were n't in vain . 
  he 's a decent , honest guy who pays his taxes and lives a normal life now , and the worst days of my life have been nothing like his every childhood days . 
  imagine asking * him * to empathize with the bad singers in paris ' metro . 
   as sad as it is , i think we should do like romania and others , and make france unattractive for roma way of life i 'm not sure how you could achieve that , sadly . 
   unfortunately , paris is going to be an even bigger roma-begger paradise than it already is . 
  roma beggers outside every supermarket , bad musicians in every metro wagon , pick pockets all around . 
  we 're really , really sorry . 
  we also tried to make them stop singing but they just would n't listen :-( . 
  i , for one , am quite torn whenever i see this spectacle on the french streets . 
  on one hand , there is the poetic justice ruskyandrei talks about . 
  back when i was a kid , my parents knew a guy who was doing a lot of work in some of the first officially-recognized integration efforts . 
  i did n't really understand what he was talking about at the time , but i later did ; the great deal of external pressure , and the frustration at explaining * why * the failure rate of their efforts was so high , was the central topic of almost every discussion he had with my parents . 
  so yeah , i chuckle a bit when i think `` so , you think you 're pretty good at this , huh ? 
  '' , but it goes away quickly . 
  i 'm not even mad on them for ruining the experience of the tourists . 
  there 's something to ruin your experience in every country . 
  but i do feel bad the residents whose lives suddenly got a tiny bit more miserable . 
  i know ascribing guilt is a difficult matter , but every time i hear another `` votre anneau , monsieur ? '', 
  i just want to go to the poor dude and apologize and get him a beer and pretend the lights from the city of lights are n't going dark that quickly . 
  as i mentioned above : the question was `` why is this news-worthy '' , and i think i gave a valid reason . 
  of course it 's not a surprise the dude got killed ; if you join the guys half the globe wants killed , there 's a high change you 'll end up dead . 
  `` undercover agent killed by allied country '' is enough to make it to the news , though , precisely because of the situation . 
  the ironic situation at which this is hinting is that , considering the high-profile espionage scandals in which the two countries are embellished , you 'd think not killing undercover agents is at least a mutually-useful use of the information the nsa retrieves . 
  it 's naiive , of course , considering how these things work ; but * again * , this is how newspapers work . 
  first , no one got mad at you . 
  second , the question was `` why is this news-worthy '' , which i answered : because a security contact of an allied country got killed . 
  of course it was not a surprise , considering that he was undercover !, 
  but it is the kind of stuff that can make it to the news , yes . 
  why the hell are you so butt-hurt ? 
  if i understood this correctly , it says he allegedly intended to remain in communication with his police contact , but then disappeared ; now that the report about his killing surfaced , we also know * why * he disappeared ( i.e. 
  he was killed ) . 
  that the reforms were more than due , there is honestly no discussion , but perhaps it should be somewhat tempered by the following :  land reform ( splitting the land of the villages `` owned '' by the boyars between the boyars and peasants ) the land reform left the vast majority of the large possessions untouched and , partly because of the relatively small amount of land that was distributed , partly because of the lack of additional legislation to prevent fragmentation of family property , its effectiveness over a period of more than 10-15 years was debatable at best . 
  it was also followed by a * decrease * of agricultural production and in fact deepened the social crisis in the countryside . 
   established first democratic principles in romania and also thwarted them , frustrated by the parliament 's obstructions of his measures and of its scrutiny over how some of the larger projects were funded . 
  the merit of being first is also debatable , but his contribution was indeed a cornerstone in the democratic development of romania . 
   corv\u00e9e and all feudal privileges discarded they were * legally * discarded , but due to the relative inefficiency of the agricultural reform , many poor peasants still found themselves having to work on large landowners ' land , with limited legal protection . 
  none of these are meant to diminish any of its contributions . 
  i definitely count him among my personal heroes as well ; i just wanted to remind everyone that , like everyone , he was tributary to his own imperfections as well , and there are lessons to learn both from the positive and from the negative effects of his measures . 
  because it is possible that the us just managed to kill a security contact of one of their allies , maybe ? 
  indeed , it seems that your defense of the ussr 's acts in lithuania is rooted less in your origin and more in your ignorance . 
  in that case , going with the organization that blew up two space shuttles may not have been that good a choice , eh  ? 
  yes , * but * if you turn it upside down ... 
  the internet should get you a beer !, 
  taxi driver `` forgot '' to put the counter on and called for friends when we declined to pay the outrageous sum he demanded . 
  you severely underestimate not only the quality of police training , but also the amount to which it can contribute to compensating for the difference in weight and height . 
  source : i know a woman who 's in the army and personally saw her beating the crap out of a six foot-something guy who had an axe . 
  also have an ex who , after several years of karate and several more years of living on the street , could kick my ass royal style , and i was in quite a few fights myself . 
  care to place a very cynical bet over what happens if , in spite of the sharia council 's decision , the woman will hire a solicitor and file a petition with the court ? 
  care to place an even more cynical one over whether or not the members of the council will suffer any legal consequences afterwards ? 
  close , but not quite :-) . 
  i lived in one of the countries where everything axtolip described applies ( maybe to an even higher degree than in spain ! ) . 
  i think you are well-intentioned and realistic , * but * after enough years/generations in a country with at least a basic democratic exercise and political exigence , it 's easy to underestimate the amount of corruption and incompetence that * can actually exist * . 
  for example , i presume the uk forbids ( or at least the political parties take reasonable steps to forbid ) people who have been tried and convicted from holding offices , at least on the duration of their convictment . 
  i also tend to presume that people who are closer to being illiterate than they are to being an * average * student usually do n't get promoted to high functions in their parties or the political structures they occupy , unless they actually have something strong going for them ( e.g. 
  excellent organizatorial skills , sharp thinking , great strategists ) . 
  i have only seen fragments of debates in the uk parliament , and while not all of your folks are amazing speakers , they can at least speak their native language correctly . 
  they 're probably not the brightest british people , but not necessarily representative for the most imbecile specimens of your region , either . 
  breaches to these two basic things are not `` known to occur '' where i lived , * they are the rule of thumb * . 
  it 's easy to attempt to `` be the change '' when you at least have one of the state powers along with you , but that did n't happen . 
  any attempt at being some sort of a change was stopped early and promptly by the law courts .
