it was started during his regime , yes . 
  its building was , however , preceded by the razing of a large-ish residential neighborhood ( unsurprisingly , things had existed in the middle of the city prior to that thing ) . 
  across the street from it , on one of its edges , stands another huge ( but quite deserted ) building and , except for the side that faces the large central boulevard ( unirii ) , most of its surroundings are unkempt and quite heavily degraded . 
  the building itself is ugly as fuck , too . 
  you do n't see that from a distance because you ca n't quite see the details , but if you get really close to it , it 's dirty and of questionable taste . 
   what i think : not everywhere in romania is internet access . 
  where internet is available at all , high speed connections work , as those areas with intenet are highly populated ones . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  i have a friend freelancing from a small village in transylvania ; the nearest town has a whopping population of twenty thousand people , and reaching the village is rather difficult on account of no railway passing through it . 
  his interwebs are perfectly snappy . 
  careful where you put it , it may not be yours much longer :-d . 
   romania 's looks really cool but also really terrifying . 
  it 's bloody sinister in real life . 
  you 'd have a really hard time finding someone in bucharest who likes . 
  the recent incident , with the children killed on the beach , is a pretty good illustration of that . 
  air knocks only protect against * some * civilian killing , and the time interval of 10-15 minutes is a joke . 
  care to join me in a cynical bet about how much time it takes for an elderly person in a wheelchair to get away after an air knock early in the morning ? 
  it is people like you , kind sir or lady , that form the examples of dedication towards science which i strive to achieve . 
  to the bar , then !, 
  fermented and distilled , most likely . 
  it 's strictly psychological . 
  they have been essentially out of the reach of law enforcement and justice for ~ ~ years ~ ~ decades , so they really do n't think there 's any reason to use special channels for conducting illegal business . 
  much-needed context : the dude mentioned in the last sentence ( adrian duicu ) had his phone tapped . 
  unfortunately , he also was n't very careful . 
  material released to the media implies that the prime-minister was n't entirely unfamiliar with what duicu was doing , as some of the recorded material implies duicu was actually * in the prime-minister 's office * while doing some nasty stuff . 
  of course , it 's not the prime-minister 's office that was bugged , but the dude 's phone , but that 's not really relevant to a lot of people who vote . 
   there was no invasion of a sovereign country . 
  of course they were n't , comrade !, 
  the soldiers were just visiting . 
  military presence is arguably the last official ukrainian presence there that russia can not question the legitimacy of no matter how skilled putin is in newspeak . 
  it has the potential of being disastrous , no question about that , but not doing it would effectively be relinquishing control and not being able to get it back anytime soon . 
  i heard they had to develop new fat-piercing bullets for occasions like these . 
   why would they be `` forced to go live in the west '' ? 
  stalin did n't really know how to say `` please '' . 
  i do n't know very much about the protests themselves , but i do n't live * that * far away from bosnia and herzegovina and i know people who live there . 
  i 'm not insinuating that the protesters are dumb , rage-driven maniacs who disregard anything but their drive for violence . 
  but i think they were rash * as far as setting this building on fire was concerned * . 
  it 's pretty much common sense to ask `` what 's in that building '' before setting it on fire . 
  the unkempt state of the archives and lack of knowledge about their presence is sad , * but * they 'd still be ok if the building had n't been set on fire . 
  i know how corrupt the government and the media are , but they are pretty much as corrupt now as they were a week ago , so * arguably * setting the building on fire did n't help much with corruption . 
   noone intended for it to happen . 
  it was all in the government building and noone knew it was there . 
  come on , this is the kind of thing one expects from a bunch of teenage kids . 
  it 's really regrettable , but it could have been avoided while still protesting against the government , even violently if this is how the people there feel it should be done . 
  i have n't heard a more idiotic answer in a long time . 
  do n't you have any respect for the history and culture of your country ? 
  it 's not exactly a bunch of newspapers you guys set on fire ... 
   i wish people like you recognized that a supposed destruction of the historical archive can not even begin to compare to the cultural , structural and economic destruction that had been done by the idiots in the government . 
  so why not just burn the idiots in the government instead of the historical archive ? 
   romanian beggars and musicians are going to be evicted from a camp in h\u00f6gdalen , stockholm . 
  forty names appear in the city 's application for the eviction of beggars and their tents , sheds , cars and caravans . 
  the youngest is seventeen . 
  yeah , so this is a bit embarrassing but if you evacuate them can you please not send them back ? 
  i mean do n't get me wrong we 'd * love * to take them back but new ones have filled the every public place and vehicle of public transportation in bucharest and there 's simply no room for the old ones now . 
  besides , this would really drive down the begging market which is already in a pretty bad state with all the beggars . 
  i watched the game . 
  your folks played really well , congratulations !, 
  we all hope so !, 
  no , please , do n't go !, 
  i want to know more about when it 's ok to kill people and when it is n't !, 
   i need a source on that , not saying i do n't believe it , but i think it 's only fair given the fact i gave a source for the thousands of individuals ( that we know about ) ethnically cleansed in that small sub-conflict . 
  it 's the human rights watch number , see e.g. 
  i 'm giving it because it was actually admitted by nato officials . 
  yugoslavian sources give a higher count . 
   and i do n't think you quite understand the difference between collateral damage , and ethnic cleansing . 
  you see , the united states was specifically bombing military units that were partaking in ethnic cleansing , while trying not to target civilians , although like i said , collateral damage happens . 
  the military and paramilitary units were partaking in ethnic cleansing , where their entire intention was to kill and massacre civilians . 
  so nato bombings ca n't be considered massacres , at all really , in the context we know it . 
   yes it does . 
  massacre means `` an indiscriminate and brutal slaughter of many people . '', 
  dropping explosive material on people 's heads is pretty brutal , and when you end up killing both civilians military , it 's quite indiscriminate . 
  indiscriminate + brutal = massacre . 
  * i do n't fucking care * that yours was politically-motivated and theirs was ethnically-motivated . 
  a slaughter is a slaughter . 
  `` collateral damage '' is really no different from ethnic cleansing . 
  both of them refer to people being killed by other people for the only crime of having been in the wrong country at the wrong time . 
  it 's also pretty fucking presumptuous to call it `` collateral '' . 
  collateral damage is when you kill a bunch of dudes and your mom gets killed in the process : that 's why it 's collateral -- you killed a lot of dudes ( so the other side griefs ) , but you also killed your mom ( so you 're not thrilled about it , either ! ) . 
  nato bombings killed no nato personnel , so none of the damage was collateral . 
  if nato actively cared about not killing civilians you 'd think it would have been better at , you know , not bombing houses . 
   but dude , you 're right , i 'm sure the u.s. getting involved through nato had absolutely no effect in stopping any of that shit . 
  you 're totally right dude , they just stopped and worked out their differences one day because of their own free will , not because of any outside influence , specifically from the united states . 
   ah , you 're so clever . 
  lol ah , yes , of course . 
  thank god we have the us to stir fire with the sword . 
  had it not been for the divine intervention of democracy , latin america and the middle east would have been ravaged by civil and international war instead of being the peaceful , corruption-free paradises they are now . 
  the ethnic conflict in kosovo totally got solved correctly , too , i mean even the serbians agreed kosovo belonged to the albanians and wanted to leave their homes , i 'm not even sure what they were fighting about , really . 
  since we 're now haggling over the number of victims , to what list do we add the * at least * 400 civilians killed by the us bombings that happened pretty much everywhere * except * for kosovo during the kosovo war ? 
  were * those * massacres ok ? 
  what about the ethnic violence against the serbs who remained in kosovo ? 
   because , before we intervened , the srebrinca massacre happened , and that was actually the motivating factor for us to intervene . 
  because ... i do n't know if you remember ... but the united states was pretty god damn hesitant to do anything for close to a decade ... and then 2,000 bosniaks were ethnically cleansed in a area supposedly declared `` safe '' by a dutch peacekeeping force . 
  that 's not the intervention i was talking about . 
   how many more people starved in sarajevo after the united states intervened ? 
  do the victims of the kosovo war count ? 
  i mean , i know sarajevo is n't there , but since we 've reached the subject of people dying in the balkans ... 
   then the united states gets involved , and people feel need to be contrarion to the united states is more important than the issue of ukraine itself . 
  people in the eu and especially in eastern and south-eastern europe quite distinctly remember something you seem to forget : the us intervention in yugoslavia . 
  remember how well that went ? 
  a lot of people living in this part of the world are equally worried about a russian intervention as they are about an us intervention .
