yeah , from ireland too and could n't believe these numbers . 
  seriously it 's been over a decade . 
  how is converting to an dead , unused currency useful in any way ? 
  i was expecting to see the date of this survey to be 2003 or something . 
  * comment thread, 
  when an american named `` worldleader '' posts unrelated pictures of american soldiers in the midst of serious threads you 're going to get that type of reaction . 
  if that was actually your point then your original post was extremely vague . 
  how you think anyone could have made that connection is beyond me . 
  it just came across as a childish attempt to justify a certain behavior of some american tourists because of the past deeds of american soldiers . 
  in any case i highly doubt donkeyshotz meant * all * americans , japanese and chinese ignore local culture . 
  ignores point ; refers to unrelated decades old event, 
  gdp growth has been predicted as high as 6.1 % for this year . 
  your argument based on gdp growth is retarded . 
   but tax breaks for the very wealthy under the guise of protecting ` job creators ' is bullshit . 
   ireland should be offering incentives and infrastructure for [ ... ] actual high-skill / wage employment as opposed to call centres google , facebook , ibm , apple , twitter , glaxosmithkline , pfizer , dell , oracle . 
  giving them tax breaks is bullshit . 
  they do n't create any high-skill/wage employment . 
  i 'm actually saving that post, 
  yeah sorry i typed that in a rush, 
  yeah let 's just forget all those extra taxes that were inflicted on middle-income earners during the recession . 
  if you 're not on social welfare you deserve for the government to take 53 % of your income . 
  only something like 23 % of our bailout was bank recapitalisation costs . 
  irish people love to blame `` de bankers and de powers dat be '' but conveniently forget the ludicrous amounts ordinary people were borrowing, 
  i agree . 
  i think we should pay relative to usage but i do n't think the average user should end up paying even more tax . 
  we already pay an effective rate of 53 % on income over 32,800 , 21 % below that . 
  plus 21 % sales tax . 
  the irish government is already over taxing . 
  if they want to introduce water charges they need to relieve the tax burden somewhere else, 
  [ bom baaaaaaaam ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxlacn2dp6a ), 
  interviewer sounds like an arsehole, 
  you would think that . 
  i thought on tv they always called it that ? 
  to keep everyone happy, 
  yeah , i 'm against the name . 
  not because i 'm a crazy republican , purely because it 's such a stupid name . 
  `` oh yes , let 's stick the name of our capital city onto this town name to make it more british '' . 
  he did n't say they were fixed , he said they were on the right track . 
  ireland is definitely on the right track . 
  unemployment is falling and the economy is growing at one of the fastest rates in the eu, 
  was n't that part supposed to be read as not his opinion ? 
  he was raising that argument in order to challenge it . 
  exactly . 
  the article is ridiculous . 
   putin 's pushback should have come as no surprise . 
  after all , the west had been moving into russia 's backyard and threatening its core strategic interests , a point putin made emphatically and repeatedly this article seems to start off with the assumption that ukraine in some way is the property of russia because they claim it so . 
  i 'm not saying they do . 
  i just find it funny that there 's such a fear of immigrants taking jobs even though it flies in the face of stats like this . 
  ca n't be . 
  all those dirty foreigners are stealing british people 's jobs . 
  the eu are probably just faking the numbers . 
  those eurocrats ca n't be trusted . 
  i would have gone with our absolutely fucked up catholic-control era . 
  even to this day new scandals are emerging . 
  i 'm irish myself and i 've heard it plenty of times . 
  even with the most recent `` wave '' of emigration you could easily see why it 's a positive thing during a time of economic crisis . 
  people leave to work elsewhere rather than staying around drawing benefits from an already strained welfare system . 
  obviously it has awful social impacts but economically it 's not all negative . 
  emigration was often attributed as a good thing for ireland years ago . 
  people left and sent their earnings back which helped fuel the economy . 
   citizenship should n't be based on ancestry it really should . 
  you 're putting policital ideologies before the homes of humans . 
  in fact , in your world there would never be change . 
  if anyone disagrees with the current ruling ideology they have the option to shut up or leave . 
  what a ludicrous idea . 
   if you want cheap goods and low taxes , you should move to estonia or ireland . 
  [ ireland is not cheap . 
  ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/ireland-fifth-most-expensive-state-in-european-union-1.1662959 ) you should research these things before you spout out nonsense also :  i do n't care if your family has lived in sweden for ten generations alarm bells ringing . 
  when does someone become swedish enough for you to allow them to stay ? 
  presumably you are more entitled to call sweden home than someone who was born and raised there ? 
  should the americans leave the usa unless they embrace the native american lifestyle ? 
  absolute rubbish . 
  between the uk and ireland you can use almost anything . 
  unless the airline ( cough ryanair ) decide to implement their own arsehole requirements . 
  if going with are lingus you can even use a bus pass iirc, 
  no hellos in dublin . 
  it is , not just americans though . 
  lots of brits and people from various other european countries . 
  i think it 's a pretty massive leap to make to assume he meant it the way you interpreted . 
  i think `` what 's happened , i 'm not from your region so have n't heard '' is the way most people would read it . 
  something like , `` and you europeans call americans racist ? '', 
  this comment is ridiculous on so many levels, 
  plus russia is a horrible , horrible place that no one ever wants to visit . 
  i think the $ 10 unlimited deal is gone now . 
  you can only get it if you 've had it since before they got rid of it . 
  might be wrong though . 
  but they do have other $ 10 deals , just not as good as before . 
  oh good god i 'm sorry but it 's not actually for 18-22 year olds . 
  i mean why would they ever , ever do something like that ? 
  i do n't even think it 's the * amount * we drink , more so the * way * we drink . 
  we very often drink to get out of our heads . 
  i 'm not sure whether it 's because ireland has bad weather ( like britain , russia , scandinavia , mountainous regions etc. 
  ) , or because we 're shy people . 
  i suspect the former with the latter being a consequence . 
  we 're not used to socialising sober . 
  it 's part of being a young , european idiot . 
  if not aiya napa then ibiza . 
  every swedish person i 've met has been fantastic ( 4 people ) . 
  also that was in a nightclub and in a hostel in new york so maybe my findings are biased . 
  he meant it 's a currency as in you spend some of it on something you deem worthy,
