  to store unwanted things in obviously . 
  i mean , you would n't actually ... live there . 
  ples chang camp . 
  even syrians know that ireland is the real [ el dorado ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/lives-in-limbo ) for [ asylum seekers ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/af/direct_provision_centre,_athlone.jpg/350px-direct_provision_centre,_athlone.jpg ) . 
  i find this sub to be incredibly racist in general to be honest . 
  i also find it funny that there 's anti-immigration protests in the country that has huge amounts of emigration . 
  i said this in another comment but i should have said `` modern islam '' in my original comment . 
  and by no means am i implying other religions are ok . 
  in fact i think catholicism is one of the most disgusting . 
  the vaccine against mind viruses is education and critical thinking . 
  thankfully in the western world religious beliefs are dying . 
  i find it hard to connect a belief in islam with advances in these fields . 
  what i _ could _ believe is that back then islam was n't oppressive enough to _ impede _ progress . 
  in which case in my original comment i should have said _ modern _ islam, 
  if you blindly believe something without basis or evidence , that 's bad . 
  pity we do n't screen for viruses of the mind like we do viruses of the body . 
  islam is a particularly malignant one that damages the host and those around it . 
  it was a national emergency . 
  ca n't see why protestants and catholics would n't have been able to get along ... 
  i mean the actual religious differences are pretty minor . 
  i always thought the aversion to protestantism was less about the actual religious aspect but more about the fact that the protestants were/were descended from the british , ie : the colonists . 
  and were n't there laws against catholics ? 
  they could n't own property etc. 
  if catholics and protestants had have been treated equally we could have happily lived as one united kingdom . 
  i think it 's just that back then the irish were seen as second class and were treated as such both socially and legally . 
  wow that is one ugly city . 
  i 'm sure it is but asylum is rejected all the time . 
  i was unaware that countries were 100 % required to accept anyone that arrives on their shores and puts their hand up to claim asylum ? 
  anyway , do n't the australians have a similar issue and they just return the migrants to their original location or something ? 
  well said, 
  i used to believe most of them were like this but the more i read/watch about the topic the more cynical i get . 
  if the eu really wants to save lives they need to stop the migrants crossing the sea . 
  to stop them doing that they need to stop allowing them all into the eu when they get rescued . 
  one beer in dublin . 
  would n't even pay a bus ride and back into the city centre . 
  because we 're the good guys , duh . 
  this sub is so left wing it 's incredible . 
  it 's so glaringly obvious that capitalism creates far more prosperity that its alternatives . 
  but people will continue to turn their back on it while redditing on their iphones while driving around in their private cars . 
  yeah i think that was what they said but some people said it was a warning because we had sent aid in the forms of ambulances/fire bridge to the north after they were bombed . 
  well i did a degree in computer science and did a 6 month internship . 
  not sure about as a mature student, 
  i do n't see any issue with ireland lowering it 's tax rate to compete with other countries . 
  ireland is a sparsely populated island in the atlantic ocean . 
  we ca n't compete with massive markets like the uk/france/germany which have much higher populations and , consequently , levels of infrastructure - so we lower our prices . 
  other countries are free to do the same . 
  maybe i 'm misunderstanding but are you saying foreigners earn more than locals ? 
  do you have something to back that up beside your personal experience ? 
  it 's just when i see foreign guys holding signs for strip clubs and working in fast food i become sceptical . 
  not everyone who comes to ireland comes with a university degree . 
  there 's a housing shortage so prices of property and rent were rising quite quickly but : * they crashed hard so this is possibly to be expected * the central bank have introduced new borrowing restrictions that limit borrowing to a multiple of your salary . 
  the purpose of this is to prevent another crash, 
  as an it professional : cushy . 
  everyone else : \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  yeah because ireland was an economic powerhouse under british rule . 
  legally there 's no obligation but morally i think returning them is the fair thing to do assuming the circumstances are n't suspicious . 
  that said i 'm irish so probably my filthy republican bias kicking in again . 
  fucking brits at it again , taking whatever they want from the poor aul irish . 
  not surprised in the slightest about northern ireland . 
  bigotry is a national pastime for a lot of people up there . 
  what ? 
  yep , and homosexuality was only decriminalised in 1992 or something . 
  not an ireland i 'd like to have been raised in . 
  apparently people still separated pre-divorce but i think it was less common and more stigmatised . 
  it think it was common for couples to continue living together until their children were adults . 
  i just brought this topic up in the office before writing this reply and people are still talking about it 15 minutes later . 
  19 years is a long time . 
  plus divorce is constantly in the media so it 's not like it 's this strange foreign thing that irish people just are n't aware of . 
  i think you 're oversimplifying . 
   can somebody explain to me why low divorce rates are better than high ones ? 
   i marry , if i 'm unhappy in the relationship i get a divorce . 
  no shame in that . 
  no one is saying we should restrict divorce or shame divorcees but surely lower rates are better ( all other factors being equal ) . 
  firstly , people who were `` born '' catholic and went through the usual catholic motions ( baptism , communion , confirmation etc. ), 
  just tick the catholic box on the census regardless of whether they believe its teachings or attend mass . 
  secondly being catholic has a non-religious aspect in ireland . 
  the british that came to ireland were protestant and they imposed laws that oppressed catholics . 
  your religion was the the easiest way to tell whether you descended from native irish or planted british . 
  i do n't think i worded that well but you get the idea . 
  tl ; dr : the census results are a terrible indicator of religiosity . 
  ireland really is n't as religious as people think . 
  i 'm going to screenshot this, 
  yeah , general elections often work out shit too . 
  but at least you 're voting for someone who will make it their day job to run the country , hopefully with a bit of experience and input from the right people . 
  whereas asking the average joe soap about massively complex trade agreements is just asking for trouble . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  the idea of putting these sorts of issues to the general public is scary . 
  look what happens any time we have a referendum . 
  people with vested interests blatantly lie and convince ordinary people how to vote . 
  uninterested people vote depending on how satisfied they are with the government regardless of the issue at hand . 
  yeah because london 's housing market is perfectly affordable and able to keep up with demand . 
  * economy of london collapses * literally 50 % of the employees in the company i work for in london would be deported . 
  britain for the british though . 
  according to the newspaper i read on the tube today the average house owner in london has lost # 6,000 off the value of their home from this quarter . 
  it 's the first time house prices in london have n't risen since 2012, 
  is it unfair though ? 
  we are a small , sparsely populated island nation that simply are n't blessed with the resources to compete with the likes of the uk , france , germany etc. 
  why is it unfair for us to lower our prices ? 
  but then they 'll just make out like they make no money in that country with clever accounting manoeuvres . 
  not saying it 's right but actually it 's difficult to define absolutely where tax burden lies .
