and the u.s. does seem to make diabetes the course of least resistance for the poor with the low-effort , affordable drinks and snacks . 
  this did n't make any sense to me until i started reading it in my head with a russian accent . 
  living in whatever nation you want is not a human right . 
  op spammed this to worldnews & til as well . 
  being on mobile i ca n't see where else tho . 
  arabs were slaving long before whites . 
  it comes down to the israeli left not having any answers for rockets that keep coming & netanyahu leading the israeli right , scrabbling anywhere & getting in bed ( figuratively ) with anyone in order to hold on to power . 
  that scrabbling has required alliances with the sort of people who support settlers strongly . 
  it 's shit , but there it is . 
  there 's no doubt that the settlers are serious trouble & in for no one 's benefit but that of satisfying their own aims , but i 'd rather have settlers dictating the actualities on the ground than you . 
  so , while it 's not all well & good , it 's certainly better than anything you have to offer ;-), 
  i 'm not angry , i 'm from philly . 
  sweaty * racists . 
  sit down , austria , your slip is showing . 
  by existing of course . 
  how could you not pick up on this most popular narrative . 
  ( i do n't know whether to put an ' / s ' at the end or not because i 'm being both sarcastic & sincere . ), 
  of course i 've spoken in a temper & more than twice , but no , never to criticize/condemn someone based on race , creed , color , gender , etc. 
  so no , if the doctor had cursed out the woman , calling her an asshole or whatever , then you 'd have a point . 
  but he refused to treat her , singling her out for religion . 
  that 's not excusable as 'em otional instability ' , that 's bigotry . 
  super cool pulls . 
  ` schlimazl ' goes hand in hand with , ` schlemiel ' . 
  the way that it 's been told to me is that the schlemiel walks around in life spilling bowls of soup , and he schlimazl is the one who walks around in life getting bowls of hot soup spilled into his lap . 
  in the languages you 've called out there , do they have the ` agent of bad luck through life ' & ` agent of receiving bad luck through life ' . 
  it 's interesting because the proposition of one 's fate in life , as opposed to free will , is implicit , and fate is a it rarely posed proposition in judaism ( schlimazl being yiddish ) . 
  do n't care enough . 
  and people freaking out in outfits , dancing in the streets and starting fights is all the updates i need . 
  okey doke ; thanks for the info . 
  i 've no idea of the standings . 
  world cup ? 
  totally just guessing . 
  maybe they did n't even have a team . 
  crazy here in toronto , which had nothing to do with anything here . 
  flags all over the place for world cup . 
  flags all over the place for world pride . 
  could be the former ? 
  i 've no idea of israel 's involvements in the world cup . 
  oh dear , there goes the neighborhood . 
  again . 
  i 've heard from many people that english is the best language for swearing/foul language . 
  may i ask your opinion on that proposition ? 
  yes , i was quite surprised . 
  but canadians are a fair bit different with a few beers in them . 
   as long as you state the only god is allah and the his prophet is muhammed nobody cares where you came from or how you look except for the bloodthirsty sectarianism in iraq . 
  and non-wahhabis in ksa . 
  and wahhabi outside of ksa . 
  and al qaeda anywhere . 
  and palestinians trying to live outside of refugee camps . 
  in fact , no one kills more members of the ummah than other members of the ummah . 
  you went from having a bit of a point to ridiculous & unsupportable posturing . 
  `` i got you an oatmeal cookie '' , to paraphrase kissinger . 
  the messed up thing that i 've witnessed in canada many people who have the same view you depict of europeans . 
  get a few beers in them & they tell you that chinese can never be canadians any more than they can be italians . 
  crazy . 
  nationality * means * citizen . 
  both infer allegiance . 
  * heritage * means your origins and does not * at all * infer allegiance . 
  that 's why this propaganda of traded allegiances which just so happens to coincide with putin 's power grab is so wrong . 
  then you are a citizen of both . 
  that 's why it 's called dual citizenship . 
  i think that you might be conflating citizenship , nationality , & heritage . 
  and speaking russian does not necessarily mean russian heritage . 
  and russian heritage does not give putin the right to invade . 
  no , citizenship * does * mean nationality . 
  anything else is absurd . 
   was there a majority of american citizens in iraq in 2003 ? 
  russian speakers = !, 
  russians . 
  the crimean people are not russian citizens . 
  believing otherwise is buying into ridiculous propaganda that not even rt has the shamelessness to publish . 
   have the russian federation claimed that ukraine is hiding wmd 's in crimea ? 
  they 've claimed nothing . 
  it was a silent invasion with all russian insignias stripped off their uniforms because they could n't justify their actions openly . 
   did the russian forces open the attack with a barrage of cruise missiles ? 
  unjust invasions do not become just through use if different ordnance . 
  the two invasions are altogether comparable due to their unjust nature . 
  there was no purpose to the invasion beyond the exercise of russian power . 
  that 's rather hypocritical of you then . 
  the two military acts are unjust invasions ; nothing more than unprovoked & unjust power grabs . 
  i 'm rather amazed at people who laud putin in this deceitful invasion but criticize bush ii in his abuses . 
  do you think that bush ii did anything wrong in iraq ii ? 
   you do not play russias game when trying to bring ex-communist states into the fold . 
  one of the classic blunders . 
  current events show that they 're both equally guilty in efforts but the us has a technological advantage that they use strongly . 
  however , russia 's monitoring has shown that their granting sanctuary for snowden was a chess move , not an exercise of priniciple . 
  and as far as chess moves go , in the global response to spying and in the ukraine & syrian proxies , putin seems to have the upper hand . 
  [ crab bucket syndrome ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=crab%20bucket ) in north america . 
   is n't this because the danes are the best at detecting cancer ? 
  [ what ] ( http://images.ak.instagram.com/profiles/profile_462792580_75sq_1373691363.jpg ) sort of oncological technology or expertise do you suppose is unique to denmark ? 
  or are other doctors on earth just lax ? 
  nah , you 're out of line there . 
  i did n't say anything about characteristics of those people , nor did i imply anything other than the proposition that they 're not on / r/europe sharing the same views as / u/terriblenames . 
  ` middle america ' and ` bible belt ' are non-pejorative identifications of demographic groups in the us that have been used for years . 
  they identify voting blocks & target audiences . 
  ` walmart shoppers ' is something that i added , but it also identifies a value set that is distinguished from / u/terriblenames ' statement of ` we americans ' . 
  there are 314 million americans . 
  crying ` stereotypes ' when identifying different demographic groups & voting blocks is a foolish attempt at invalidating avenues of inquiry . 
  people condemn stereotypes when they lead to discrimination . 
  that has nothing to do with this .
