  because it interests me and i like to discuss things that interest me . 
  edit : sorry you got a rat problem . 
  try calling pest control . 
  i feel good she did n't got raped and severely harmed that low life . 
  i like it when bad people get hurt . 
  it gives me a tingly sensation in my belly . 
  because the woman went hannibal lecter on him . 
  i feel good whenever the bad guy loses , but that 's just me . 
  they just arrived , give it time . 
  because in this case the perpetrator was getting his tongue bitten off . 
  i think it 's the kind of feel-good story we need from time to time . 
  i would also mention this if it was a polish or a french citizen . 
  i think it 's relevant here , because it 's an international crime . 
  or people with a certain beautiful culture and/or religion . 
  finland , where photos of dark skinned criminals are ` lightened ' to avoid people becoming prejudiced . 
  edit : it was sweden after all , not finland . 
  i think it was news worthy because his tongue was bitten off . 
  he used middle eastern to say `` islamic '' . 
  the middle easterners mostly are n't brown , but olive skinned . 
  no agenda ? 
  how come , on the site , you can only comment on topics that are n't highly controversial ? 
  it would be if it turned out to be a '' '' `` refugee '' '' '' . 
  whenever i do n't like a vacation spot , i go back home . 
  source that it was a pakistani citizen : https://www.polizei.bayern.de/muenchen/news/presse/aktuell/index.html/226973 apparently thelocal.de thinks that 's a detail that should be left out . 
  i mean most supermodels , but also actresses like kiera knightley or zoe saldana . 
  about time . 
  i 'm sure a lot of nice skinny women out there , but i mean if you like them because of the fact that they are underweight then there 's something not right . 
  not meaning skinny women who are just like that naturally . 
  nowadays , skinny = underweight . 
  normal weight = full figured . 
  as a straight male , underweight women freak me out . 
  i do n't find them sexy . 
  also , as a westerner , i 'm ashamed that this is called a western beauty standard . 
  looks like you 're either a racist or welcoming of refugees . 
  what if you 're neither of those things ? 
  those companies could also move it 's factories to a country with enough workers . 
  probably a former pirate . 
  i wonder what brand of tea ... 
  could also have been users of / r/worldnews or youtube commentators . 
  [ * click * ] ( http://static.rcgroups.net/forums/attachments/3/5/3/7/9/a5214459-132-4056-hitler-approves-of-your-post.jpg?d=1349658022 ), 
  if they were , they would n't have come all the way to germany . 
  quote : `` the eastern state of saxony , of which dresden is the capital , has suffered a series of ugly anti-migrant protests , '' no , this article is not biased at all . 
  this guy is worse than hitler . 
  idea : we pick a couple of greek islands , which western europe has paid for already , and bring them all there . 
  it 's a failed project . 
  it was good for economic cooperation , but it has become too political and too powerful filled with politicians in power that are rejects from their own countries . 
  by that logic hating nazis is also bigotry . 
  exactly what i meant . 
  i 'm not joking . 
  i wish i was , but i ai n't . 
  these ` incidents ' are not helping to create tolerance and compassion from the european natives to say it mildly . 
  a dead european union would make me soooo happy . 
  it 's a fake democracy and rising numbers of europeans are beginning to realize that . 
  those terms do n't mean anything anymore , thanks to the pc leftist xenophiles . 
  facebook is just like a pub ( or biergarten ) where people get together and talk about things that concerns them and sometimes say stupid shit . 
  it 's not like shouting in the public square . 
  too much hateful talk about immigrants/refugees lately , huh ? 
  maybe listen/converse with your ( at least ) 1/3 of your people that are disgruntled by how you handle this crisis , nah , they 're all nazis and should be ignored and censored , right ? 
  typical dutch response . 
  a group of 10 people complain about xenophobia/racism and they comply with their demands . 
  same thing with the zwarte piet discussion . 
  it 's a very small group , but they are getting all the attention . 
  it 's just an italian man that got pussy whipped into becoming a muslim . 
  not exactly representative . 
  [ how the fuck is this legal ? 
  ] ( http://www.krank.ie/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/picard-wtf.jpg ), 
  back to pakistan , ghana , balkans , bangladesh , whatever . 
  most are n't syrians . 
  well let 's put all these unemployed neonazis to work then . 
  i 'm sure they are eager to deport them , even for free . 
  so the fact that they were christians did n't matter at all , huh ? 
  the germans take their humour very seriously . 
  i think we need a breakdown of western immigrants and non-western immigrants . 
  maybe they ( merkel and her posse ) should tell that to the german people who are worried and not call them all xenophobes . 
  my libido also shrivels everytime i see merkel . 
  after ww2 , mainly because they did n't extradite nazis to the allied countries . 
  source/link ? 
  mag ook in nederlands . 
  when you criminalize any open discussion on the topic , well , it 's not very liberal is it ? 
  maybe we should encourage them to start building some then . 
  not that they lack the resources . 
  what a bunch of nazis !, 
  that 's grand . 
  i think we should only take these kind of refugees in europe , among for example christians and jews who are victims of islamic brutality . 
  no more `` normal '' muslims , we have enough of them already . 
  they can go to saudi arabia or the gulf states . 
  * feck off, 
  you 're right . 
  i 'm a nazi , because i want to keep europe free from religious nutjobs . 
  let 's all welcome these new europeans !, 
  they are not going to cause problems at all !, 
  too much hateful talk about immigrants/refugees lately , huh ? 
  maybe listen/converse with your ( at least ) 1/3 of your people that are disgruntled by how you handle this crisis , nah , they 're all nazis and should be ignored and censored , right ? 
  i only like it as an ingredient for peanut sauce . 
  my wife makes excellent indonesian style peanut sauce using this magic stuff . 
  perfect for bbq 's . 
  once again , germany is leading the way to the destruction of a free europe . 
  quote : `` the migrants are `` more and more aggressive '' and tend to evade compulsory registration , he said . '', 
  no respect or regard for the country they are in and i saw a video of a group refusing aid because they had a red cross on the package . 
  but no , let 's welcome them all , i 'm sure they will adjust and adapt very quickly .
