  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkvmlmc1hsm such a beautiful culture . 
  not liking muslims is not racist . 
  islam is n't a race . 
  not yesterday neither . 
  not ever , actually . 
  just claim a greek island and build a center there . 
  the country is technically ours now ( all the money they got ) . 
  sounds so mechanical , typical german ... 
  okay , can we then send all our turks back to your precious country to make some room for them ? 
  as a dutchman , you know why we do n't want them ? 
  because we do n't have enough houses left for our own people !, 
  would n't it be cheaper to send them back and take away the money they earned ? 
  where are the flashbangs and water canons ? 
  africans ? 
  no choice ? 
  you could send them to egypt or ethiopia or saudi arabia , why would they need to come all the way here ? 
  it 's a fucking gold rush . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mv04lvzxqls ( the people on this video are n't even africans , but pakistanis or whatever , it 's ridiculous ), 
  germany ? 
  new syria !, 
  i 'd give it 10 years before that will actually happen . 
  so their race was abused ? 
  why are they even mentioning race ? 
  are these journalists racist ? 
  [ go on ... ] ( http://replygif.net/i/163.gif ), 
  because they see the shitstorm that is happening in the west . 
  i just do n't think it helps to point out their racism , but rather point out their appalling/disgusting behavior . 
  those people are proud of being called racist , because they want to be like that . 
  do n't give them that is what i would say . 
  how do you abuse someone racially ? 
  it 's just abuse and it 's disgusting . 
  yeah , fuck those people for wanting a country of their own for their own people . 
  then most people are naive and clueless or it 's a rigged pole . 
  so pegida are neo-nazis too now ? 
  so anybody who is anti-islamization is a nazi ? 
  keep saying that , i 'm sure that will help the problem . 
  http://i.imgur.com/rpu78h3.gif `` thelocal.whatever '' is one of the most left wing/pc bullshit sites there is . 
  they also does n't let people comment on topics they know is n't going to suit their biased agenda . 
  no , but they are the ugly tip of the iceberg of what the majority thinks but not dare to say . 
  also , prepare for your taxes to rise to pay for all these gold diggers . 
  soon we will see this in france , netherlands , belgium , uk ... mark my words . 
  it 's only going to get worse . 
  most people do n't want more immigration , even immigrants who already live here . 
  it 's such a beautiful culture too : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkvmlmc1hsm #gem\u00fctlichkeit, 
  i do n't think skin colour is their main concern , much more the culture they bring . 
  i was talking about the people of heidenau and they are n't all neo-nazis . 
  i do n't feel shame or pride for something other people than myself have done . 
  what a nuisance , the will of the people . 
  off the coast of libya ? 
  i hope they are then returned safely on the libyan shore . 
  something with living in an ivory tower ... 
  do n't they have separation of church and state in belgium ? 
  i do n't believe this , i bet they only count forest trees , because in my country there are trees planted along practically every road , be it a city street or a rural lane . 
  we also have a lot of small forest strips along side highways . 
  and we have a lot of roads and highways in the netherlands . 
  we have a lot of trees in the south , but it 's pretty empty in the northern provinces . 
  ever heard of de veluwe ? 
  you should visit sometime . 
  probably never set a foot in a muslim country . 
  he should try it some time . 
  i bet it would change his views . 
  self hating gays ? 
  then maybe control your own borders ? 
  i think that will change austria 's attitude . 
  you really think that ? 
  aww , how adorably naive of you . 
  how dare they make decisions how to run their own country ? 
  well , it 's not like anyone forced them to go to germany . 
  no , he does n't wear blue contacts . 
  this photo is too bad quality to tell anything about his eye color , but if i were to guess i would say blue or green . 
  still enough room in russia . 
  o rly ? 
  why is that ? 
  just look at yugoslavia during the 90 's . 
  let them choose : castration or deportation . 
  i knew it was a joke 15 years ago . 
  the only upside is , i appreciate my own western culture much more and made me see that most other cultures are backward . 
  it would stop me . 
  number of births per woman and life expectancy are the major factors , i recon . 
  germany , soon to be the land of the second sun this solar system has ever seen . 
  i 'm afraid he will not be saying anything about quebec ... ( username reference ), 
  so the far right has actually more in common with the left ? 
  who knew ... 
  wow !, 
  what a surprise ... 
  erdogan should make his moustache smaller . 
  he 'd look more the part . 
  looks more like a czech berlusconi . 
  i think that 's malm\u00f6 . 
  northern france is mostly frankish in origin and at least half of france lives there . 
  well , most french people originated from a germanic tribe , called the franks . 
  so you guys are pretty closely related historically . 
  no , but the correlation effect it has on temperature is . 
  man made global warming is ( for the most part ) a myth . 
  it 's warmer than 100 years ago , but not because of us . 
  the ocean theory is just alarmists grasping at straws . 
  ... and the fear mongering continues ... 
  for a second i thought i was in / r/gaming and looking at new fallout 4 screenshots . 
  yeah , let 's help people who put themselves in this mess because france is n't good enough for them ... / s, 
  not the end of the world .
