that interviewer 's beard looks ridiculous . 
  feed them german frankfurters instead . 
  til britain 's law is racist against white people . 
  the article ( s ) did n't mention if it was a refugee or not . 
  i try not to assume things based on presumptions . 
  thus this post is not related to refugees . 
  so ... what is your question ? 
  looking at your tag , i feel sorry for you that you live in the epicentre of self-destructive europe . 
  i 'm loving this !, 
  beautiful !, 
  kid : `` thanks for stopping us from entering the dirty land of the infidels , oh great ottoman protectors . '', 
  maybe it 's powerful photo , but it 's not representative of ordinary refugee . 
  i was wondering about that . 
  most refugees probably never heard of finland . 
  til saudi arabia wants to do islamic bukkake on europe . 
  when muslims start to worry about other muslims it 's time to get scared . 
  they stopped being refugees when they left the last safe country they set foot on . 
  i like them . 
  i had the exact same feelings when i saw van rompuy . 
  the u.s. needs to find better friends . 
  no , he makes them look good . 
  meanwhile they forbid to build churches in their own country . 
  that 's grand . 
  i hope you mean for the tears of emotion it triggers ... 
  that 's not journalism , but propaganda . 
  no , i just think they zoom in too much on the few women and children even though they are only 25 % of the people . 
  as a straight male , i can not argue with this statement . 
  `` refugees '', 
  i know , it 's a shock to me as well . 
  oh , they find the couple of women and children in the stampede . 
  how good of those `` journalists '' . 
  only the u.s. approval is enough . 
  nobody is going to stop us if the americans back us . 
  that was ` murica , not us , and it would be temporary until the crisis is over . 
  i figured . 
  if i was in charge i would send the entire dutch navy to help . 
  it 's just an indicator that the number of rich people has increased . 
  or are danish females generally poorly endowed ? 
  i think i 'll be going to do some scientific research on this ... 
  there would n't be any war to speak of . 
  just a couple of days to remove the warlords/crimelords that are ruling the coast with a few troops of special forces , build some camps for the refugees and establish order . 
  i even think tunesia and egypt would applaud it . 
  oh , i thought it was a typo . 
  sorry , my knowledge of balkan topography is n't that great . 
  the question was how to identify boats that are anchored and how to destroy them . 
  i suggest invade libya and take control of their coastline so you do n't need to destroy anything except for a couple of extremists/warlords , whatever . 
  i 'm afraid they wo n't shy away from violence if necessary . 
  but then again , a lot of the refugees are very aggressive so at least some deserve to be treated the same way . 
  til there are minefields in slovenia . 
  wtf ? 
  you can patrol your territorial waters and send every illegal boat back . 
  i was talking about destroying empty boats . 
  not about blowing up people . 
  try me . 
  what is the maximum sentence in sweden ? 
  1 ) look at how much trash and thrown away passports are lying around . 
  2 ) are you kidding me ? 
  3 & 4 ) deploy some soldiers . 
  some c4 would do the trick . 
  sikh article , bro . 
  not all immigrants . 
  mostly people from non-western countries are over represented . 
  some countries of origin more than others . 
  balkan immigrants are also over represented in some countries . 
  i was just saying that if a certain group , for instance moroccans , attack dutch people who are just walking by , it should be considered a hate crime , because they attack someone because they are of a certain ethnic group . 
  nevertheless , when you hear the same kind of stories over and over , 99 % involving the same group of people , it 's only logical you 'd start thinking about a pattern . 
  i honestly do n't like my national anthem lyrics . 
  i like the tune , but i do n't like the text . 
  it 's all assumptions , because it 's not like there are precise statistics on it , but until now they have n't been proven wrong to me . 
  everywhere i read and hear first hand the same stories over and over . 
  i 'm sorry you do n't believe me , just come visit amsterdam , the hague or rotterdam some time and see for yourself . 
  i was talking about my country netherlands where we have huge problems with moroccan youth . 
  i 'm not blaming all immigrants . 
  i 'm blaming politicians that allow this to happen and try to forbid people to talk about this . 
  depends on what media you consume . 
  i 'm just trying to say that their culture has evolved into a street culture where everyone who is n't like them is fair game . 
  they do n't learn to respect other people . 
  it 's a big problem . 
  of course a lot of immigrants are good people , but there are big groups of youngsters in certain neighborhoods that act like they can get away with anything . 
  the percentage of immigrants who are street thugs are way higher than the average percentage . 
  overwhelmingly immigrants from certain countries that have a islamic culture . 
  this is bad for all good people , because it makes all immigrants look bad . 
  they always hunt in packs . 
  of course , they do n't accept that in their neighborhood . 
  good on them . 
  what 's your point ? 
  maybe i 'm biased , but i never see immigrant kids beating up other immigrant kids of their own ethnicity . 
  they mostly attack natives . 
  it 's just as racist as nazis beating up immigrants . 
  i 'm dutch and we see that here everyday . 
  the immigrant petty criminals always rob people who are not of their ethnicity or religion . 
  especially the weak , like old people , are victims of this . 
  i can tell . 
  why then are n't we seeing violence against germans by migrants in the mainstream media which i 've seen a lot on the internet lately ? 
  does n't matter if he 's a migrant . 
  the white kid is attacked for being a german , thus it 's racist . 
  end of discussion . 
  this is not fighting , this is unprovoked assault . 
  that brown kid is clearly being peer pressured by the guys behind the camera to attack the white kid . 
  it 's basically the same logic .
