except that it 's a polish group , with everything in polish and representing polish interest . 
  yes , anyone could join , but saying it 's 220k of 7 billion is bullshit . 
  actually , if anything it would be 5,4 billion if anything as i would imagine there would not be alot of muslims in this group to begin with even if that were the case . 
  anyone can join it, 
  it 's a guage of how many people share that view , not how many would show up . 
  i am member of that group too , but i 'm not going to travel 350km to warsaw for a protest , nor would i even go to one in wroclaw . 
  i have two kids to watch . 
  i saw poll somewhere recently , that showed that most people that vote pis do so only to avoid po keeping power - and most people that vote po do it only to keep pis from gaining power . 
  she will lose the elections in a few weeks in an absolute fucking landslide . 
  they have absolutely no chance , she 's trying to secure herself a position in european parlament by acting as `` one of them '' . 
  she 's also trying to fuck stuff up for pis when they win the election as expected ( poland has more then two parties , but only pis/kaczynski and po/kopacz matter ) - just like when komorowski lost the election they spent all the money in the presidential budget as quickly as possible so duda had nothing left to work with until the end of the year . 
  they want to make it look like pis failed . 
  po is no where near center-right . 
  they can call themselves what they want , but they are left as fuck . 
  my hope is that after the elections , pis will back out of any obligations regarding migrants . 
  very very few people here want them , despite the `` polls '' that are being forced down our throats . 
  those same poll companies on our presidential election were so off it 's not even funny . 
  not everyone here supports pis , in fact most people vote for pis as the lesser evil anyways . 
  in poland we have a choice between thieves ( po ) and religious nuts ( pis ), 
  i do n't deny the existence of self-hating muslims . 
  fuck those people litter alot ... 
  because we 're racist , obviously . 
  the same way it happens in arabic countries . 
  various sects of islam fighting against each other . 
  in this case in addition to that there will be europeans fighting against them when they get in large enough numbers to try to impose sharia law . 
  they 've been killing each other for thousands of years . 
  i 've read as many as 400k ukranians in our country right now . 
  we have loads of chechans as well . 
  do you want these people to turn our countries into warzones ? 
  this is one of the reasons it 's being protested - they want to force us to take them , force us to keep them here , and they do n't even want to be here . 
  there were - with * substancially * smaller turnout . 
  one could also think that most people are actually anti immigration , and it 's the mainstream media throwing pro immigration down your throats . 
  i do n't know a single person that is pro-immigration , even on facebook . 
  the most ironic thing about germany is they say we shoudl take refugees because we were once refugees ... who was it again that made us refugees to begin with ? 
  so we have no right to choose if we want to be more ethnically or religiously diverse ? 
  not every country has to be multicultural . 
  very small , but we are seeing what is happening in western europe . 
  we think it 's a a ridiculous idea to `` let in muslims until terrorism starts , and then do something about it '' ... an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure . 
  not really . 
  what we have is a shitty national healthcare system . 
  we have something called nfz , and clinics get contracts based on bidding the lowest amount on `` points '' . 
  so for instance , a dental clinic might have 15k points per month - a cavity might cost 300 points ( i 'm just guessing here , i do n't know ) and they have to spread out these points over the month evenly according to the nfz rules . 
  we do n't have a shortage of doctors , you just have to wait a while if you want to go on the national healthcare . 
  endocrynoligists have even several year wait on the free healthcare system , but i can go tomorrow if i want to pay 30 euros or so privately . 
  it will ... all these protests are organized by nationalist groups and then posted up and passed around social media so its really just normal people supporting the protest . 
  this is a huge turnout for poland , and for every 1 person that went 100 support the idea but cant be fucked to protest . 
  its not like these few thousand are some radical group and only ones that feel this way . 
  the right has more support here every day, 
  the protest is organized bya nationalist group , but the protestors are regular people mostly . 
  we would love it if you deported our countrymen back here . 
  we will gladly take them . 
  we want them back ... 
  wrong . 
  most of my friends are doctors , dentists , software developers , network engineers etc. 
  educated people , not hicks and hooligans - and i can not find a single one that is happy about islamic immigrants . 
  the protest was organized by a nationalist party - but the people there do not all belong to it . 
  i dont and would have went if i was closer to warsaw ... this is honestly the view of most poles on this topic . 
  the turnout for pro refugee was 200 in warsaw . 
  anti was in the thousands ... 
  do n't miss your chance to visit heritage sights before isis destroys them !, 
  what fucking poll did you read ? 
  onet was 96 % against !, 
  i dont know a single person that is pro-muslim immigrant . 
  we 'll just make our own schengen . 
  with black jack !, 
  and hookers !, 
  if the lady in that story keeps that shit up , she 'll be laughing all the way to the rape crisis center ... 
  if we had question about islamic refugees in referendum the frequency would be 90 % ... 
  no , i 'm saying that quite a large amount of those people are economic migrants which have not had their lives destroyed by isis , and might join isis . 
  i 'm also saying that being muslim is a prerequisite for joining isis . 
  they do not for instance , accept christians , jews , athiests , etc. 
  so exactly 0 % of isis members are non-muslim . 
  well , first off - it would seem like a prerequisite of becoming a member of the islamic state is being muslim - so yes , statistically speaking these muslim children are more likely to be radicalized and join terrorist groups then non-muslim european children . 
  every kid is a potential hitler , but not every non-muslim european kid is a potential isis candidate . 
  for every 6 kids there are 60 adult males there - which is shocking considering how much higher their rate of reproduction is compared to europeans . 
  besides that , hitler , stalin and every member of isis were smiling children at some point too . 
  if there is a million immigrants , then at least 700k of them is men of fighting age . 
  i 'm sorry , so you are saying there is n't diseases in africa that do n't currently run rampant in europe ? 
  you are saying that it 's not possible for unquarentined africas shortly after a large ebola outbreak to bring diseases here ? 
  also funny how it 's only young men running away from war . 
  poor guys , having to leave all the women and children to fend for themselves . 
  i do n't know , but the indians in north america had an immigration problem 300 years ago and now they live on reservations ... 
  you 're wrong , in 5 years it will be named germanistan , not germany . 
  i have a friend that lives in serbia near the border . 
  says there is thousands of people going through his small town , mostly men and very few women/children . 
  whatever though , if germany wants to become `` die islamische republik deutschland '' that is their problem ... just do n't try to force other countries to take them if they do n't want them . 
  so we 're to understand that germany is the only country in europe with employment , schools , nice people , cars and football ? 
  not that i 'm complaining , you can take every last one of them . 
  i would start by sending every last one of them to germany , since they seem to want them so badly ... 
  it was the same shit with the macedonia pictures . 
  in the pictures it was all children crying , but in the video where they are declining the red cross help because `` not helal '' it was all men again . 
  this is an invasion force , not women and children ... 
  anyone fucking notice that it 's literally like 98 % men there ? 
  media spams all these photos of poor women and children , but there is barely any ... 
  canada is getting immigrants from various countries in europe , south america , and the middle east and is a culturally diverse - whereas many countries in europe are not , and we are not getting immigrants from various countries but rather are getting literally invaded by a single ethnic group that only wants to leech of social systems . 
  it is n't `` countries '' that seem to want to take the migrants , it 's politicians of those countries . 
  not every german wants refugees , although some do . 
  here in poland , very few people want african refugees - there was an online poll on a large left-wing news site that showed something like 96 % against taking african refugees . 
  even the 2000 we agreed to take is a huge , huge problem for people here . 
  we 're a relatively poor country , and some of our own people live in poverty that we need to take care of before taking on a million muslims ( of which some are likely radicalized ) and watching them .
