  where is the clay ? 
  is this a real thing ? 
  also from urban dictionary : `` mildly offensive term for a lower class white person from the southeastern states of the usa . 
  derives from someone who spent a lot of time on manual labour outside and so received a `` red neck '' from the sun . '', 
  but check out some other sources besides ud . 
  there are many cultural aspects which attend this term . 
  i would bristle if i heard someone referring to a german or an australian or a chinese person as a redneck . 
  the word also has a history which should n't be ignored : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stypftrdnc8, 
  american here ( living in czech ) : [ redneck ] ( http://i1.ytimg.com/vi/hprno75nbx0/mqdefault.jpg ) is really an american phenomenon , someone who likes nascar and shitty beer and loves the usa . 
  a [ yokel ] ( https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcqpiemooxrzdp7qbodzdbujcsfkt_gqsgmhur7lenxu3n3cxhe__q ) can be from anywhere , plenty of yokels here in moravia . 
  just an uneducated country bumpkin ( another good word ) . 
  i guess i should stop teaching the term ` redneck ' to my classes . 
  why is the polish flag upside down ? 
  at least it 's only garden gnomes , these fuckers messed up a unesco historical site : http://praguemonitor.com/2011/08/29/french-tourist-damages-charles-bridge-prague, 
  let 's hope golden dawn are just as understanding . 
  agreed . 
  fucking canadian education . 
  forgot a lot of things, 
  what happened to cz ? 
  interesting that you split the czech republic in half . 
  it 's anathema here to say this is * eastern europe * . 
  on the other hand , by your definition `` east = communist states , '' the returns from the first round of the presidential election this weekend , the eastern part of the country , moravia , is more left leaning , and the western part , bohemia , is more right/eu thinking . 
  source on that `` most dealers are arabs ... '' ? 
  if that 's true that 's ridiculous . 
  certainly the state only lends legitimacy to idiots like him by prosecution . 
  if he was n't doing something dangerous the state would n't need to intervene , since the state is intervening his words must carry weight and pose a threat to society as a whole ( rather then being the ramblings of an ignorant minority ) . 
  agreed , and shale-gas ? 
  yeah , that 's really the kind of forward thinking that 'll reverse this slump . 
  the reason there is 50 % youth unemployment in spain is absolutely not because the government spent too much money educating people . 
  what ? 
  what ? 
   actually solving the problem as far as hungary is concerned oh great , that sounds perfect . 
  interesting that they choose gcse scores as the standard . 
  while i agree that genetics plays a * minor * difference between students outcomes , the most important things are environmental and truly raising groups out of poverty and giving everyone an equal opportunity are the keys to creating that virtuous cycle . 
  right , so it 's important to have good primary education , even in economically depressed areas , so that every child , regardless of race , can contribute to that virtuous cycle . 
  got ya !, 
  so women have not contributed much , but we 're not doing good science ? 
   it sort of is yeah , sort of . 
  i just looked at the list of nobel laureates in economics and ... 98.6 % are men !, 
  there must be something in male culture , because surely there is a gender divide in our society , that allows men to excel in this field . 
  women 's genes should be modified to allow them to succeed as well . 
  totally agree . 
  so in the end it has nothing to do with race . 
  ok , thanks for clearing that up . 
   national effort that begins in elementary school like those high quality elementary schools in india or russia ? 
  now i really do n't understand what this has to do with a group having `` genius tier iq 's '' . 
  thanks for the civil reply ( i was kind of a dick before , because ... well c'mon )  you do the world a huge disservice spewing your nonsensical denial of genetics and the large effect even just a small genetic difference can have you really need to think about how small the difference your talking about is . 
  we share 98.8 % of the same genetic code with chimps . 
  the difference between jews and non-jews is insignificant . 
   jews have won a total of 41 % of all the nobel prizes in economics , 28 % in medicine , 26 % in physics , 19 % in chemistry , 13 % in literature and 9 % of all peace awards . 
  let 's do some other comparisons : how many have been male ? 
  how many have had dark hair ? 
  how many have been right handed ? 
  how many have been college graduates ? 
  conversely , how many jews are in the basketball/baseball/football / rock and roll hall of fame ? 
  it just seems an arbitrary choice . 
  it is n't racist , it 's idiotic . 
  you said that a small population has a high average iq , but then say that many of the unicorns in the us are from other parts of the world including india . 
  follow the money , my friend . 
  why does isreal have a strong high tech industry while the rest of the region is mired in civil wars ? 
  because of genetics ? 
   criminals that are genetically predisposed to being violent unempathetic idiots that ruin society for the rest of us  violent unempathetic idiots  * unempathetic * your comments in this thread have been hilarious , thank you . 
  i think you forgot a couple '' / s '' 's though . 
  no it is n't, 
   and a couple small areas outside of it really ? 
  where ? 
   the eu had very little to do with this mess : this is all on the ez thanks for putting that into perspective . 
  for some reason i never really made that distinction , and i think it 's a fairly spot on analysis . 
   the sheer will to be europe that has been on display for nearly seven years by whom ? 
  have there been any rallies supporting greece in northern countries ( serious question ) ? 
  it seems the people who are working hard to keep the ez together and who desperately want to `` be europe '' are the people with the greatest economic interests . 
  they tried the left , now they can try the right . 
   accident-prone i do n't think it 's being `` accident-prone '' , more that czechs put themselves in positions where things can go wrong . 
  czechs believe they can handle everything . 
  this weekend is going to suck !!, 
  what 's the feeling in spain ? 
  a sickening `` we 're next '' or something more positive ? 
   an exaggeration mainly from the opposition parties to induce polarization that 's what i thought , but is there really no basis ? 
  there must be * some * policy they point to when they make these exaggerations . 
  that 's what i meant if it was n't clear . 
  it 's easy to say ` the protesters were peaceful ' when the police are n't provoking and gassing them . 
  and people wonder why there were no riots ... the protesters are so peaceful !, 
  can someone explain what stalinist ( or perceived stalinist ) measures syriza is taking ? 
  the guys at esa are probably pretty happy about stuff . 
  where ? 
  that 's exactly what dracula would say ... 
  why do you think so ? 
  also , everyone i talk to here bitches about having to buy polish goods in supermarkets ( i mean , it 's not here or there , but just came to my mind ) . 
  yeah , in czech it was 1 ) electricity in 2014 2 ) car insurance 3 ) giving birth, 
  it 's how the peasants and towns folk approached frankenstein 's castle  sign this !!, 
  / r/europecirclejerk is leaking, 
  corporations are average citizens too !, 
   from russia umm , check that wikipedia article again, 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  thanks , did n't see it, 
   what will define europe in the next decade is the re-emergence of the nation-state as the primary political vehicle of the continent . 
  indeed the number of nation-states will likely increase as various movements favoring secession , or the dissolution of states into constituent parts , increase their power . 
  this part is particularly interesting to me , as it seems to be saying one thing and then the complete opposite . 
  `` the nation-state will become more important because nation-states are weak enough to split apart '' .
