  uhh , slovakia are you alright ? 
  also born in moravia . 
  this list was not exhaustive , presumably the catalan flag would be banned as well . 
  and pineapple ... 
  the czechs seem to be fairly against the flags as well . 
  it 's the first line of the good soldier \u0160vejk . 
  it 's got same good examples of czechs ' attitudes/relationship to austria . 
  also , it 's hilarious . 
   i also wonder if austria-hungary always seemed like kinda provincial to let 's say britain and france i do n't think so . 
  the habsburgs were a old royal family and vienna and prague were cultural centers of europe . 
  niinisto , stop staring into my soul . 
  i love that last one . 
   although participation will be open to all students , those who identify as black or mixed-race will be prioritized in selection . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.boston.com/news/education/2016/02/03/uconn-creates-new-living-space-for-black-male-students/dyrqrc0kxc93kaodqbt9ci/story.html ) also , it 's a place for 40 people that is in a dorm with 700 other students . 
  universities should not be bullied into not letting people speak , but i think this uconn thing is a different issue . 
  why ? 
  the center in gdansk is beautiful though . 
  and poland , cz , the baltics ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  really interesting article . 
  these lines puzzled me though :  after all , the aim of the radical loser is to make as many other people into losers as possible . 
  as the islamists see it , the fact that they are in the minority can only be because they are the chosen few . 
  do n't they adopt this mindset precisely because they are not the `` chosen few '' ? 
  - some english guy a hundred years ago, 
   what this little shit gem of a country needs , is a firm and harsh ruling hand , doing what needs to be done , well , that 's terrifying . 
  i 'd zlaty bazant owned by heineken ? 
   well , solidarity movement and gda\u0144sk shipyard strikes started in response to meat prices rising announcement , and we ended up accidentally a system . 
  i hope you teach modern history in a secondary school somewhere . 
  can anyone translate number 8 ? 
  is he promising to fix the road or is it irrelevant ? 
  why is he standing next to minor road construction ? 
  do people have a negative opinions of him ? 
  your post was ambiguous . 
  can you give some examples . 
  in my experience , yes . 
  and fuck are they expensive . 
  i 'm sorry , but i 've got some bad news ... 
  this is what i thought , but we just moved from cz to spain and it 's not - it 's totally not normal here . 
  edit : on the other hand , my so is from fulnek and i know what life is like there . 
  and look at olomouc , absolutely beautiful , but there 's nobody . 
  that 's what i thought , but i was going to give him a chance . 
   for example , a few months before the whole crisis in ukraine , it was the us , backed by the eu , that put ukraine in front of the ultimatum and said that yanukovych had to choose between them or russia . 
  putin said that he is prepared `` to help the ukraine avoid economic collapse , along with the west , and make it a tripartite package countries . '', 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  i did n't know that and would like to read more about it . 
  what 's the race in question ? 
   thx np, 
  why is gove going to be better off in the pm position ? 
  do you have a source ? 
  no czechs in here ? 
  must not have stopped drinking since thursday ... 
  are roaming charges necessary ? 
  [ you two are n't banging , are you ? 
  the obama campaign won an advertising award in 2009 . 
  a couple actually : https://www.theguardian.com/media/2009/jun/29/barack-obama-cannes-lions, 
  i 'm not sure trump is the kind of guy who would react positively to that message . 
  although i might be wrong , who fucking knows with this guy . 
  why ? 
  what 's the matter , congo ? 
  you look worried . 
  has he made any public comments the past few days/weeks ? 
  i was just joking but did n't feel / s was appropriate , 
  czechia can into western europe ? 
   nation it 's not october yet . 
  slavici z madridu is my campfire jam . 
  i understand they 're not trying to roll it back . 
  i understood your comments to mean they supported leave before the referendum . 
   in june 2016 , in the run-up to the eu referendum , corbyn said that there was an `` overwhelming case '' for staying in the eu . 
  in a speech in london , corbyn said : `` we , the labour party , are overwhelmingly for staying in , because we believe the european union has brought investment , jobs and protection for workers , consumers and the environment . '', 
  from : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jeremy_corbyn#european_union are you saying this is incorrect ? 
  castro is literally hitler . 
  oppression fatigue . 
  thinking about it , i 'm surprised there is n't a cimrman bit about religion . 
  last night my girlfriend said the eu wants to put restricitons on , or ban , farmers markets , but i ca n't find any information about it . 
  anyone hear something similar or is this just typical czech anti-eu rumors again ? 
  it 's in czech , but it seems it 's just some hyperbole before an election . 
  [ here 's the trade deal the candidate is talking about ] ( http://www.foeeurope.org/sites/default/files/foee_iatp_factsheet_ttip_food_oct13.pdf ) , well actually an analysis/criticism of the deal by friends of the earth europe , so i do n't know how bias it is . 
  [ here 's a reuter 's article about the us side of the deal ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/03/04/us-usa-trade-baucus-idusbre92317s20130304 ) from the article :  the chairman of the senate finance committee on monday warned he will not support a proposed free trade agreement between the united states and the european union unless it tears down barriers that have long blocked u.s. farm exports . 
  so now i do n't know what to think . 
  saw this over in / r/geopolitics . 
  what do you guys think about this ? 
  the european union will be unable to solve its fundamental problem , which is not the eurozone , but the free trade zone . 
  germany is the center of gravity of the european union ; it exports more than 50 percent of its gdp , and half of that goes to other eu countries . 
  germany has created a productive capability that vastly outstrips its ability to consume , even if the domestic economy were stimulated . 
  it depends on these exports to maintain economic growth , full employment and social stability . 
  the european union 's structures -- including the pricing of the euro and many european regulations -- are designed to facilitate this export dependency . 
  this has already fragmented europe into at least two parts . 
  mediterranean europe and countries such as germany and austria have completely different behavioral patterns and needs . 
  no single policy can suit all of europe . 
  this has been the core problem from the beginning , but it has now reached an extreme point . 
  what benefits one part of europe harms another . 
  nationalism has already risen significantly . 
  compounding this is the ukrainian crisis and eastern european countries ' focus on the perceived threat from russia . 
  eastern europe 's concern about russia creates yet another europe -- four , total , if we separate the united kingdom and scandinavia from the rest of europe . 
  considered with the rise of euroskeptic parties on the right and left , the growing delegitimation of mainstream parties and the surging popularity of separatist parties within european countries , the fragmentation and nationalism that we forecast in 2005 , and before , is clearly evident . 
  these trends will continue . 
  the european union might survive in some sense , but european economic , political and military relations will be governed primarily by bilateral or limited multilateral relationships that will be small in scope and not binding . 
  some states might maintain a residual membership in a highly modified european union , but this will not define europe . 
  what will define europe in the next decade is the re-emergence of the nation-state as the primary political vehicle of the continent . 
  indeed the number of nation-states will likely increase as various movements favoring secession , or the dissolution of states into constituent parts , increase their power .
