stalin was more than willing to throw millions of soldiers at the germans knowing that most of his soldiers would die , i summer he would react similarly to a nuclear bomb threat . 
  there were only really two options on the cards at the time . 
  leave poland to soviet russia or start another massive land war to push russia back to its pre-war borders . 
  after 1 world war , people were n't keen to start another . 
  i would n't be surprised if they did , it 's really impressive . 
  especially considering it 's about 700 years old . 
  i 'm not religious in the slightest , it 's all about the history for me . 
  i have no interest whatsoever in going into a new ( or relatively new ) church building , they 're not nearly as impressive or interesting as some of the churches , abbeys and cathedrals that are hundreds of years old . 
  i 'd like to add the entire city of bath to that list . 
  it 's a stunningly beautiful place and it houses a fantastically preserved example of [ ancient roman baths ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/08/roman_baths_in_bath_spa%2c_england_-_july_2006.jpg ) . 
  i 'm partial to [ salisbury cathedral ] ( http://www.best-of-european-union.eu/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/salisbury-cathedral-england-uk-2.jpg ) myself . 
  i do n't know if they knocked everything around it down or if they just built salisbury that way but it sits in the middle of a lovely [ open space ] ( http://salisbury.drupal-staging.com/sites/default/files/styles/standard_page_style_manualcrop/public/photo%20aerofilm1.jpg?itok=agrddowm ) . 
  it 's hard not to feel like a citizen of the eu when you use the euro . 
  me too , it 's actually much higher than i expected . 
  he knows about it but it has n't changed his mind on the russians . 
  they took a sample of his dna to verify the identity of the bodies . 
  for those unaware , prince philip was the great-nephew of [ tsarina alexandra ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shooting_of_the_romanov_family ) . 
   well given that ukip are consistently polling higher and higher , and clegg 's defiance ended up with him being slaughtered , let 's be honest here , only 34 % of the country voted . 
  we ca n't really call the eu election results ( ukip winning ) a representation of what the majority of country thinks . 
  if the point of the juries is to vote based on musical skill rather than favouritism , surely it should n't matter whether it 's a national jury or not ? 
  unfortunately not enough for it to be noticable for all countries involved . 
  they should have a set list of jury members who are then picked randomly and assigned a random country . 
  for example , belarus ( whose rank for russia is usually 1st , regardless of song ) might have a jury that consists of french , greek , swiss , finnish and georgian judges , rather than 5 belarusian judges . 
  that way , even subconscious favouritism is counteracted by the other judges . 
  i would n't really call 850,000 out of 63 million a huge polish population . 
  i 'm sure it had more to do with the women singing the song and their `` assets '' . 
  i 'm not surprised to be honest . 
  you would n't believe the sheer amount of times i 've tried to convince people of most of these facts . 
  and did it work ? 
  of course not . 
  it sort of makes sense if you think about it . 
  washington was born to british ancestry while the colonies were under british control , making him more british than american . 
  * `` do n't you not want russia to not annex crimea ? 
  considering that officers are either being ordered to kill protesters ( and not refusing ) or doing it of their own volition , i 'd say a mentality of kill or be killed among the protesters is pretty understandable at this point . 
  also , i highly doubt a medic is going to be beating anyone to death . 
  i wish we had that mindset over here . 
  i genuinely enjoy watching eurovision but it seems like we 've been purposefully entering acts that will fail for a long time now . 
  which would be fine but when we do n't win , people always complain and complain about the quality of our entrants . 
  i definitely agree there . 
  an anti-eu stance has been pushed by the media ( mainly right-wing tabloid newspapers , etc. ), 
  for so long that even people that consider themselves more left-wing feel like they should be against the eu . 
  i 've found that if you asked the average person why we should n't be a part of the eu , they either wo n't be able to give you a reason but think we should n't anyway or they 'll give you one of [ these ] ( http://tabloid-watch.blogspot.co.uk/search/label/europe ) as a reason . 
  * there 's a better website that lists lies told by tabloids about the eu but that 's all i could find for the moment . 
  while they are pro eu , they do n't like to mention it much . 
  seemingly through fear that being openly pro eu and trying to push more integration would hurt their chances of being elected or re-elected . 
  the newspapers ( specifically the right wing ones like the sun and the daily mail ) have forced the public to believe that the eu is something we should be trying to get out of . 
  i 'd rather they had n't because i 'm of the view that the eu is something we should be a part of , but i 'm afraid the damage may have already been done . 
  existing customers do n't have to remove it themselves . 
  i 'm with bt for my broadband ( and have been for a few months ) and the filter has n't been applied to my account at all . 
  if i had n't heard about it on reddit and the news , i would n't even know such a filter existed . 
  can confirm . 
  i became a bt broadband customer a few months ago ( before the filter ) and my filter is off . 
  people are finding ways around the current blocks within hours , there 'll definitely be a market for it . 
  i wonder how many people are young , educated and [ underemployed ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/underemployment ) . 
  i would bet it 's quite a lot . 
  i have qualifications in it and graphic design but i 'm currently earning minimum wage working part time ( 9 hours a week ) as a janitor . 
  i really wish they were called czech checkers instead of czech inspectors . 
  epping , a small market town in essex . 
  also , maldon , where i 'm currently living with my girlfriend , charges roughly the same for fares within maldon . 
  it has a larger population than epping ( by about 4000 ) but still a lot smaller than bristol . 
  bristol is a fair bit bigger than where my family lives . 
  bristol is a city with almost half a million people in it . 
  it definitely has some appeal . 
  for me it was mainly useful if i did n't want to drunkenly walk a mile home or if i 'd gotten off the train with heavy luggage and did n't fancy carrying it for a mile . 
  to my family 's house from the local underground station . 
  most cab companies charge around that much for journeys within the same town . 
  in the case of my brother , it 's over-tipping that they have to put up with . 
  my brother drunkenly once gave a cab driver a # 10 note for a # 3.50 fare and told the driver to keep the change because he did n't want to have to dive into his pocket for the exact change . 
  i do n't really tip anyone unless they did an amazing job at whatever it was they were doing for me . 
  my logic behind it is that salaries pay for average service , extra or amazing service deserves extra money . 
  i do n't really have a list of professions that i do or do n't tip . 
  the number of unemployed people is going down however . 
  it 's gone down by 37,000 since august 2012 last year and down by 185,000 since august 2011 . 
  i have little to no knowledge of economics but i heard on the news today that this shrinking only caused * fears * that we 'd head into recession again , not that we definitely will be . 
  helping their countries by turning them into violent places where non-british citizens live in fear of them or their children being attacked . 
  not to mention the fact that racism is mostly practiced by people that can hardly be called even moderately intelligent . 
  considering that they 're approaching drunk londoners and telling them off , not very long . 
  i do n't know about anyone else but i definitely would n't bother learning the border locations of the country i devoted my life to serving . 
  me too . 
  i know the last five years did n't really help his popularity but i do n't know what people expected from him as the leader of the minority member of the coalition . 
  with 250 less seats than the conservatives , there was never any way the lib dems could have ever pushed through a change the tories did n't want . 
  probably . 
  he seems like the kind of man that would think israel would be a better ally than the entirety of europe . 
  i thought you meant the quoted paragraph in the article , not the title . 
  besides financial bullshit ? 
  london is the largest financial centre in the world . 
  also , the value of our exports is over # 400 billion . 
  of all those exported goods , the usa buys 14 % of it . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_united_kingdom ), 
  not exactly , no , but he does call england a small island ( which , first of all is geographically wrong ) and he says that england does n't make anything that any other countries want to buy . 
  no , it 's not a direct quote but it is a mix of two directly quoted sentences . 
  it 's from a paragraph from his own book . 
  it 's difficult to quote someone any more directly than quoting something that they wrote . 
  i think they made a [ chicken in a can ] ( http://foodnetworkhumor.com/2009/04/a-whole-chicken-in-a-can-yummo/ ) . 
  that 's something , right ? 
  judging from what he said about england before coming here and what he said yesterday about the uk not being ready to host the olympics yet , i 'm assuming he cancelled his speech in germany in case he mentioned anything to do with wwii , which would hurt his relations with germany and europe massively . 
  for a man travelling around europe , he definitely does n't seem to like it much . 
  the uk government controls the whole of the uk , not just england . 
  i did n't mention england at all throughout my entire comment . 
  you can bet that it will be introduced in the rest of the uk soon after .
