  this is the 21-st century - it favours the brave and spits out the weak - deal with it . 
  and for the record  things were as bad as they are now , or worse i do n't see a single bad thing about the situation now . 
  the fact that 1.5 million people capable of working are able to support 3.5 million people in their late 60 's , 70 's or 80 's is not just good . 
  it 's absolutely astonishing . 
  exactly what i was about to say . 
  the whining is absolutely surreal . 
  but i think that 's a generation thing . 
  seems like this is fading away drastically in generation y. 
  the further back you go , the worse it gets . 
  for example last night i went out to grab a few drinks with some people from work . 
  however it ended up being a group of 40 people from completely different backgrounds . 
  but it was generation y , top to bottom - in 7 or 8 hours i did n't hear anyone bitching about anything . 
  i called a cab around 4 in the morning and things changed - the driver was in his mid 50 's i 'd guess and he did n't stop bitching about everything you could think of . 
  ffs , i even heard something along the lines of `` see that tree ? 
  what kind of an idiot plants a tree next to a bus stop '' . 
  i was forced to tell him to stfu and just drive . 
  sorry , i would never call this a protest . 
  i call this a bunch of hooligans and vandals that need some jail time . 
  i actually agree with that one as well . 
  they all seem to be fond of putin ( he is their role model ) , and as we know he is nothing short of a nazi ... 
  left demonstrations in a nutshell ... 
  well even if she does find a blonde man she ca n't be sure whether the child will be blonde or not . 
  that 's how genetics work ( or do n't work , depends how you look at it ) . 
  strange ... 
  i have n't heard or seen anyone using uber ... 
  you have absolutely no idea how happy i 'd be ... 
  tatiana , what a shame - an asteroid falling on her head ... 6 consecutive times . 
  what are the odds ... 
  yeah , except the vast majority of bulgarians consider russians to be our brothers in the same way we consider giraffes to be our brothers . 
  in other words we do n't . 
  those who do are most commonly in their 80 's or even 90 's who are very unlikely to make it till the end of next year , or a couple of drug addicts , hence their similar chances of survival . 
  as i said , the romanian guy did n't give us enough samples to make a final conclusion , so i 'm ignoring his case . 
  the bulgarian - well think of it this way - he signed a contract when he started work and this documentary is part of his , let 's call them duties . 
  and i 'm willing to bet he did put `` advanced english skills '' , which would suggest that he should n't talk like a chimpanzee in a real life situation , including a formal one . 
  been to all three of them ... let 's see ... latvia ( riga ) - very similar to home , except their capital has a river which is a huge bonus point . 
  also there are open spaces ( where as we have none of that anymore in the capital ) . 
  lithuania ( vilnius ) - kind of similar but ( do n't kill me for saying this ) feels a bit more russian . 
  estonia ( tallinn ) - feels scandinavian , but not entirely . 
  lots of drunk finns , stunning women , coming pretty close to german women ( let me straighten this - i have a thing or two for women with short hair and germany is full of them ) . 
  well the documentary could work for him ... 
  but it will probably have to look like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mio85jjxgpu ) . 
  i 'm not irish , but [ honorable mention as well ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5w8sqtqzxpw ) ? 
  no , and he barely said anything ... 
  which is better than embarrassing yourself on tv . 
  neutral , huh ? 
  ok , i 'm well aware that what i 'm about to say is way off topic . 
  i want to talk about the bulgarian journalist . 
  being bulgarian myself , i 'd gladly punch him in the face if given the opportunity . 
  why ? 
  glad you asked : my cousin is 8 years old and his english is at least 5 times better . 
  not to mention that my little cousin speaks german far better than english . 
  seriously , if you are going to make a documentary , do it right . 
  ffs ... 
  nah , i heard he slipped on the wet floor in his kitchen and fell on a knife which he had dropped earlier , resulting 39 stab wounds ... 
  idk about the app . 
  not always but a lot of content ( video ) seems to be `` unavailable in your location cause f you '' . 
  over the past few years , they 've been scandalizing their work a lot ( the clickbait thing ) - the whole `` sensation '' thing has become a big thing for them . 
  then there 's the `` you can not watch this video from your location '' . 
  they did n't do that several years ago . 
  nah , nothing like [ bild ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bild#criticism ) . 
  dw is somewhat similar to euronews in a sense . 
  the one thing i 've noticed is that they try really hard to ignore their personal opinions and just give the facts . 
  pretty much the reason why i support them . 
  i hope they keep it that way - i used to approve the bbc 6-7 years ago cause they used to be similar in that sense . 
  does n't feel that way anymore though . 
  why the hell would i downvote someone asking a question ? 
  what 's wrong with dw ? 
  hmmmmm good question ... 
  i guess rt , fox , daily mail ... ok , jokes aside , this is a tough one . 
  seems a lot of sources are nothing more than clickbait . 
  hell , even the bbc has been turning into this over the past few years . 
  come to think of it , there is n't much left out there . 
  only euronews and dw seem to be good on my list . 
  i was n't really interested in what was happening in the political world while i was living in spain . 
  come to think of it , i was n't interested till about 3 years ago . 
  i did go through their website and when i think about it , if i were spanish , i 'd most likely vote for them . 
  and their leader , albert rivera - i 'm genuinely impressed ( that does n't happen often ) . 
  holy crap i 'm single handedly kicking luxembourg 's average butt , not to mention the rest of europe . 
  however one of the languages is bulgarian which is basically useless ... 
  damn ... 
  got ta love prejudice and all that jazz . 
  i 'm anything but a leftie by the way . 
  i like to use the real terms . 
  but the whole ' be awesome again ' without being able to elaborate what that means , coming from all over europe is not just a stereotype anymore i see . 
  cute . 
  i met this nice old lady ( 94 years old ) in the fernsehturm 's elevator , and she kind of fell into the category of `` perfect english cause yeah '' ... 
  well last time i was in germany , just about everyone spoke english and the vast majority a lot better than many of the native speakers . 
  well i 've only been to berlin , hamburg and munich but still ... 
  `` i 'm not racist , but ... '', 
  overall i think the one and only problem are the people . 
  currently i see two groups - those who simply love to pretend they are victims of an invisible force , whining 24/7 just about everything and looking for someone to blame . 
  needless to say , i absolutely despise that group . 
  the good news is that it seems that this group is shrinking drastically . 
  which brings me to the second group - those who shut up , admit that they have to sit on their asses and work for what they want . 
  it 's all about expectations and those who carry on whining like the few remaining b. . . , need to realize that they should lower their expectations , face reality and remember a few very important things - life in those regions is cheap and it takes little to no effort to live without a care in the world , especially when it comes to the financial bit . 
  when it comes to corruption - yes - there 's that but again - it 's all about will . 
  that 's the good thing about the second ( and now much larger group ) - people are finally starting to rely on themselves and dropping the whining . 
  in fact , given the demographics and the ratio between people in working age and the pensioners , the country is holding up pretty damn well . 
  i mean 1.5-2 million in working age being able to support another 4-4 .5 million is pretty damn impressive . 
  so no broken dreams .
