  [ robert muggah ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rokpqhc9id0 ) had a talk on ted where he touched this topic . 
  go to around 5:40 and you 'll see what i 'm on about . 
  and of course - agriculture has been overtaken by machines . 
  but machines are generally more efficient at manual labor than humans . 
  i mean yes , they are expensive to buy but you get hundreds of more things done in a day than 200 people would ( completely random number , but you get my point ) . 
  and cities are naturally growing and for a very good reason . 
  now think about younger people . 
  what sort of education can you get in a village with 20 living people in it . 
  and where would you rather live if you 're 18 years old ? 
  a place where the most exciting thing that could happen is a car passing by or a place where there 's always something happening ? 
  yes , it costs a lot more to live in a city - everything is more expensive , you may not get the best sleep even if you live in a quiet , residential area ( hello ) but it 's a price a lot of people are willing to pay . 
  in the past 15 years the population of our capital has more than doubled and it 's growing by the minute . 
  a firm made some studies not too long ago and it found out that the official numbers are over 1m off and it 's closer to 2.5 million . 
  and it makes sense - i work in a semi-large company and around 70 % are from other cities . 
  and a large number of them have not updated their address of residence so officially they are not living here . 
  there has been a trend though - many people are buying properties in the outskirts of the city ( even i 'm considering it ) so they can escape the madness . 
  but in no way moving to a small city or village even though my employer has no problem with me working remotely ( a computer and internet connection is all i need ) . 
  still . 
  not ` nuff . . 
  well they work in close cooperation already . 
  what they should both do is start working more with privately held companies . 
  there are already many who are investing a lot in space exploration . 
  even musk has stared looking up and judging by his portfolio , that 's always a good sign . 
  companies and universities that is . 
  well that seemed more likely . 
  i mean even luxembourg has [ one ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communist_party_of_luxembourg ), 
  wait ... basically a pro-russian party in finland ? 
  really ?!?!?!? 
  the hell ?!? 
  basically [ this ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.droidplanner ) . 
  and the other problem would be some hardware modules ( radio controller to be more specific ) that go in the tablet 's usb . 
  the nexus 7 was doing the job well but it 's life is hanging by a thread . 
  i 'm not entirely confident about it but i 'm interested . 
  i did come across them some time ago but never really looked into them . 
  i 'll have to try how sailfish will be handling android apps . 
  i really do n't have any purpose for tablets except for quadcopters and drones . 
  just a weekend hobby when it 's not raining ( which has been pretty much all day , every day for the past year and a half damn it ) ... 
  thanks . 
   decline of forestry and ** mobile phone business ** microsoft is known for screwing things up . 
  i used to be nokia 's greatest fan before android came into the picture . 
  if that 's what they shipped with today , i would have probably still been very loyal to them . 
  actually it turns out that i 'll need a new tablet for my new quadcopter and i am trying to figure out if the nokia n1 will be able to do the job ... 
  well done !, 
  your score : 100 % 01:20, 
  wwii is over maybe ? 
  my best friend 's father ( french ) : `` i knew very little about bulgaria before '94 when your football team made me cry like a bitch at the world cup '' . 
  odd cause he was cheering for germany last year . 
  i do n't really know if there 's an easy way to soften the blow on this but ... have you heard about a region in spain called costa del sol ? 
  basically the stretch between m\u00e1laga and gibraltar more or less . 
  as someone who studied there for 5 years , seeing spanish people outside m\u00e1laga is not what you 'd call common . 
  many of the supermarkets , stores , bars ( almost all of them ) , restaurants are exclusively english-speaking ... and by that i mean english-speaking only . 
  for being the [ texas ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/29/world_speed_limits.svg ) of europe , that 's actually surprising ... 
  have n't seen a boring country yet . 
  that said , all countries are interesting in one way or another . 
  perhaps germany is on the top of my list with all the museums and the way they managed to turn a really dark historical periods into a tourist attractions . 
  luxembourg - having 3 official languages and english being semi-official . 
  gibraltar for similar reasons except they mix up spanish and english waaaaaaaaaaaaaay too much . 
  i wanted to shoot myself in the face every time i was having a conversation with the locals even though i speak both languages . 
  having lived in large cities most my life , i do find them unnecessary ( for people with similar lifestyle ) . 
  when i was a kid my dad bought me a swiss army knife and i used to carry it around 24/7 ( except in school for obvious reasons ) . 
  i used to make wooden ships and stuff like that but that 's what kids do ( i think ) . 
  but that was it . 
  more recently some otherwise obnoxious relatives gave me a new one for christmas but it has spent it 's entire life in my tool box in the closet . 
  i was referring to the community - scientific discussions end up being big and interesting and posts like `` look at me , #beach #sun #thailand '' are for the most part ignored . 
  in other news : unsustainable number of `` tourists '' on their way to prague ... 
  while i approve the idea , there 's a fundamental problem . 
  yes , people are extremely egocentric and social networks are on a roll so catching up is no easy task . 
  google tried to give facebook a run for it 's money and it failed ( kind of ) . 
  i do believe that g + is far superior but getting everyone to ditch one established service for another is a tough job . 
  as a result g + is home to uber geeks ( and thus making it far more interesting for people like me for instance ) . 
  in that sense it 's a total success but other than that it 's a failure . 
  what people need to understand is that in order to be able to live up to the hype , you must offer something completely different and new instead of another `` look at me '' service . 
  eeerm ... no - berlin ( east ) from fernsehturm . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't have anything against business managers at all . 
  but i work in a company with +500 business managers and out of those maybe 10 know what they are doing and are doing all the work . 
  the rest are :  5200/4 = 1300 impossibru !!!, 
  eerm . . 
  does it count if i 've been there and i recognize it ? 
  either way the beach resort in frederikshavn . 
  [ easy to guess for anyone who 's been there i guess . 
  at least 20 according to the state and anything more is up to the employer . 
  jackpot !, 
  wait wait wait woah woah woah !, 
  i never said it is the best education . 
  i do admit that the current education system is a mess and completely inadequate and i 've been saying this for a long time . 
  it 's better to have a degree but there 's something fundamentally wrong here - a degree does not make you qualified in any way ( see my comment just above ) . 
  not sure about plumbers or traders but as a software engineer , i agree . 
  the only downside i guess - you must live in a large city or very close to one . 
  i remember reading an article in mid 2012 i think about the shortage of software engineers in europe and there was some estimation . 
  something like a shortage of  2m by mid 2014 and come to think of it , [ it might as well be true ] ( http://imgur.com/auuo56k ) . 
  since last thursday or something and those are all recruiters . 
  but as you said , instead of that we get `` a huge excess of lawyers , marketing types and media degrees . '', 
  i 'm more in favour of the concept rather than against it but realistically it 's kind of unlikely ... at this day and age at least . 
  i do n't know that many finnish people but the first one off the top of my head ( that i happen to know personally ) graduated the university of helsinki and ... um ... 
  i do n't even want to imagine what the world would be like without him ... 
  that 's a different story . 
  personally i would n't count the `` business managers '' at all . 
  i deal with such on daily basis and about 98 % of them are total morons . 
  i spent an entire hour earlier today , trying to convince one that 5200/4 = 1300 . 
  and i 'm not entirely convinced he got it ...
