  things have changed significantly overtime . 
  back when i was studying in spain , my personal opinion was that the majority of english people were very friendly ( though speaking english was crucial ) . 
  these days the numbers have dropped dramatically . 
  almost overnight actually . 
  now it seems to be around 50-50 . 
  i travel a lot , so i get to meet a lot of people . 
  conditional probability at it 's finest - if your experience has taught you that a large number of people ( some obvious , others not so much ) despise you , would n't you take a step back and possibly avoid yet another obnoxious conversation ? 
  is that your definition of xenophobia ? 
  keeping in mind that around a decade ago i used to defend those same people * almost * unconditionally . 
  gather 1000 people and ask them for their full and honest opinions and you 'll likely get 1000 different answers . 
  life in the uk - i 'm speaking from the point of view of a tourist and nothing more . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a bad place . 
  in fact it 's actually mind-blowing - museums on every corner - awesome/10 . 
  however saying that there is some discrimination in the uk would be a colossal understatement . 
  as for those living in spain - you do get both and one group more common than the other if we 're going to divide them in such way . 
  i do know a number of nice english people and as i believe i mentioned i fell utterly in love with one . 
  you could n't find any of the common arrogance in her . 
  might be due to the fact that she had spent her entire life in spain - do n't know and really none of my business . 
  the bottom line is that she was nothing short of amazing and just spending a few hours discussing different topics was a pleasure . 
  that does n't change or excuse many others that i even used to defend in the name of `` let 's try to be friends '' . 
  and perhaps an appropriate time to ask a question : what did i get in return ( attitude-wise ) ? 
  * rhetorical question . 
  * even if you think it 's unfair for me to say any of this , let 's face it - the world is rarely a fair place . 
  yes , i 've my positive views have gone to neutral ( but in no way negative ) and this might come as a surprise to many people who knew me back then . 
  but as i mentioned in my previous post , that 's the result . 
  a bit out of context , do n't you think ? 
  yes , i 've changed my position ( from positive to neutral ) but here 's a relevant analogy : i had a cat when i was a child . 
  during most of her life the kitchen was her greatest fear . 
  thunderstorms were heaven compared to the kitchen in her book . 
  she got burned on the oven and as a result that became a no-go zone . 
  an accident but nonetheless she did n't stop eating food even though it kept coming from the kitchen . 
  so let 's just say i got burned . 
  it 's the exact same thing . 
  language is one thing . 
  i was referring to the general attitude in britain and abroad . 
  i literally could n't care less what language the people in my back yard speak ( well the flat just underneath mine but you get the point ) . 
  this notion of arrogance that keeps shouting `` we stronk '' . 
  as for the outcome of a referendum - as i said , i care far too little . 
  and besides - feelings and more specifically polls , as we 've just seen , are worth just as much as the paper they 've been printed on ( or the electricity your monitors have consumed ) . 
  something that i knew a long time ago . 
  before i begin , i 've been accused of anglophobia on more than one occasion but rest assured , no such thing . 
  however there 's been a slight change of wind . 
  and i do realize i 'll probably be accused of 1001 things , including the fall of the roman empire but nonetheless ... 
  some background data : as i 've mentioned before , i studied in a uni located in southern spain . 
  to be more specific , i used to live in costa del sol , where the population is give or take 50-50 spanish/english . 
  i should also point out that this was just when bulgaria was about to join the eu . 
  i was very pro-eu back then and i still am now , in fact more than before . 
  now hate me for saying this as much as you like but it 's a well known fact that british expats ( political correctness of course ) are the ones that are least likely to adapt to a different culture or learn a foreign language ( i know , historical reasons ) . 
  truth be told , i could n't care less - i spoke both languages so why would i be bothered . 
  but every now and then there were tensions between the brits and the spaniards . 
  small and insignificant things imo , such as someone complaining how he 's been ignored in a local pub for half an hour after the bar attender found out he does n't speak english , or not being able to ask for something at a supermarket . 
  i never doubted any of those stories - witnessed them on more than one occasion but in the spirit of the community , i used to defend the british people and think of idiotic reasons such as `` spanish is a difficult language '' ( total lie btw ) , `` you never know what personal problems people have and they might be nice on a different day '' and stuff like that . 
  that was 3 or 4 times a week on average for half a decade . 
  but as it turned out , i was largely misunderstood for many years . 
  i think i was second year in uni when i found out that people thought that i felt threatened by all of this . 
  and to most people 's surprise , this could n't have been further from the truth . 
  and no , i 'm not left-wing under , no matter how much people try to twist this around . 
  fast forward a few years , graduation , a few months of fiestas and the one way ticket home was put to use.it 's safe to say that my life got sorted and it exceeded my wildest expectations by a factor of 100000 . 
  so these days i spend just about every available minute travelling . 
  so far 2 eu countries i have n't visited yet . 
  there is a trend though . 
  let me put it this way - there 's germany , spain and ireland in that order , and on the completely opposite end of the scale - the uk ( england and wales ( partially ) , scotland and northern ireland are not there ) , if you know where i 'm going with this . 
  in the first 3 , you do feel at home from the moment you step off the plane . 
  the uk ... 
  political correctness again , not so much . 
  not necessarily because of my country of origin - i 've heard the same thing coming from germans , french and spaniards . 
  which to the least will cause a change of hearts for many people across europe . 
  making assumptions from idiotic newspapers such as the daily mail which can produce over 1000 crap articles in a matter of 12 hours is one thing , and i really would n't care if that was a newspaper read by 20 people . 
  but that 's not the number at all so it does leave a bad impression . 
  more negative points . 
  so as far as the britain 's eu membership - not really concerned . 
  my point remains . 
  yes , these days i tend to avoid even even british airports if possible . 
  that 's the result , not the cause . 
  do i mind british people ? 
  do i keep a distance ? 
  yes . 
  there are brits living here , including one of my neighbors and i do n't have a problem with them . 
  they do n't talk to me because they were left with the impression that i 'm an incorrigible fascist ( completely false but that 's a different story ) . 
  there 's another one i know who moved here in pursuit of a local girl he met on holiday in austria . 
  almost two years later he found out that she was a lesbian . 
  and yes , i constantly make fun of him because of it . 
  but overall i would n't say i want britain in or out of the eu . 
  i 'm keeping a neutral stance on the subject . 
  this time i wo n't be taking sides or defend anyone , right or wrong . 
  i do n't think it 's that bad but far not my first choice for a friday night . 
  i was referring to how much people around these parts complain for no reason whatsoever . 
  that 's the analogy . 
  i think howard the duck given that complaining for no reason should be the primary factor . 
  actually i 've been thinking about this for a while . 
  for instance a lot of the old factories which became obsolete overtime are now mostly private owned around these areas . 
  and in fact you can rent parts of them for close to nothing . 
  and it 's actually a very nice thing cause you get your own personal space and there 's security 24/7 . 
  i used to rent a decent sized room with a bathroom in one and used it as a weekend office ( working at home was n't that much of an option before i bought my own flat with a designated room for this purpose ) . 
  so just in that domain , there are tons of uses for old buildings and very little work is required . 
  and then there are companies such as [ betahaus ] ( http://www.betahaus.com/ ) who have used old factories and buildings and turned them into a very profitable business . 
  some time ago i watched a program about old factories in berlin that were turned into exposition halls for less known artists , meetups and stuff like that . 
  and while there is no use for a lot of them , there is a lot of use for some of them and it would n't take that much effort to turn them into something useful ... 
  afaik , it 's been really bad . 
  my best friend is from hamburg and he told me that a man died a rock throw away from where he lives .
