[ they terk urr jerbs ] ( http://images.sodahead.com/polls/004523673/198409305_jerbs_82331276051_xlarge.png ) : dddd, 
  well my friend used to work there at least - have n't seen him or spoken to him since the last time i was in germany :p, 
  damn , you a cop or something ? 
  i generally despise games so knowing 4-5 is an achievement . 
   inno games eerm no . 
  but a friend of a friend of the friend i was talking about works there afaik . 
  inception !!!, 
  a lot . 
  i have friends working at 3 of the 4 composites i mentioned and the answer is a lot . 
  i 'm giving you a rough estimate - between 60 and 70 % of the development . 
  i would n't say it 's that far behind - there are a lot of european companies developing games : rovio , king , ubisoft , gameloft , demonware ( even though it 's owned by activision ) . 
  i have a friend working for a german game development company in hamburg , surely i 'm forgetting tons of them . 
  all of those companies have a huge development force in europe . 
  i 'd say the reason why we are behind is simply because the european it industry is very decentralized as opposed to having one or two gigantic cities dedicated to this industry . 
  looking for developers with very specific skills is never an easy task . 
  new caledonia is part of the eu ? 
  i guess you do learn new things every day . 
  i always thought it was something like the falkland islands or something ... 
  for a moment i was wondering if i had been drinking anything other than apple juice tonight - i thought this was the bbc and i was shocked to see a report for a group other than poles/romanians/bulgarians . 
  ok , the apple juice is fine . 
  even though my work is in the field of ai and neutral networks , i have to agree . 
  what bothers me more is that the hardware needed to build a large and powerful neutral network has become cheap as dirt . 
  you could have a supercomputer delivered at your doorstep for less than $ 20k and i imagine the other components needed to make something lethal are not much different . 
  or as torvalds once said `` i wish everybody was as nice as i am '' . 
  most certainly not . 
  i 'd be more afraid of someone working on something like that in his basement . 
  the david hahn accident as a reference ... 
  i never have and by the looks of it it 's fairly unlikely i 'll ever be for a million and one reason . 
  the situation in greece is far more complex and a lot of people tend to ignore 90 % of the facts and turn it into some sort of identity crisis , mixed with communism and nationalism . 
  there are lots of people who are still alive and remember very well how that ended the last time that was the primary scene . 
  and we can see how that ' working out on the eu 's eastern border . 
  given the flag next to my user , i think you 'll understand what i mean when i say that sometimes the wrong people have to pay the wrong price . 
  but we all do it anyway and it 's best if we accept reality as it is . 
  yes , i live in a city that has more than doubled it 's population in less than a decade and while a lot of effort has been made to make it look nice , there is no denial that there are areas , which to my mind are completely uninhabitable , but i accept it . 
  surely it 's not my fault for being a soviet province for 50 + years but that 's the reality . 
  and i accept the reality : i have to pay the price along with many others for generations to come . 
  the same way you can tell which is east and west berlin when you see two pictures . 
  except we did n't have west sofia , and everything i like about it is either new or 100 + years old . 
  it 's not fair but the world is not a fair place and it never will be . 
  reality bites . 
  2 decades ago i would have simply called it a balkan syndrome but now i know it 's a well known phenomenon across europe . 
  people tend to blame everyone but themselves and no one is willing to admit that most commonly the problem is internal and not external . 
  and by internal and external , i do n't purely mean in-state and foreign but personal as well . 
  the ability to say `` hey , i got it wrong , i 'm sorry '' . 
  but instead people praise false prophets ( guy verhofstadt was absolutely right when he used that term ) . 
  whether they will be dyed in the wool socialists or `` i 'm not racist but ... '' , hate me all you want for saying it but i see no difference whatsoever . 
  because as you can see now , the far left and far right in the eu parliament are together and support each other almost unconditionally . 
  and what they all fail to understand is that there are people in the other countries and they keep ignoring their will . 
  there were 4 or so elections this year . 
  and let 's face it , the winners ' campaigns were nothing other than hatred . 
  call them left , call them right - they are the exact same incompetent morons who lead to more problems and less solutions . 
  greece made it far worse for themselves but that was expected - you ca n't pretend that you are having a civilized discussion with someone and the next second start calling him or her a terrorist . 
  it 's not how that works . 
  you are either a skitzo or a complete moron . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's the greeks ' fault entirely . 
  but they are to blame . 
  germans on the other hand were expecting to meet people that are just as willing to change as they are . 
  germans are extremely good at changing and learning from their mistakes and they are willing to admit them , as history shows . 
  the other big mistake that people are calling the eu `` ideology '' . 
  it never was ideology and it never will be . 
  cherry-picking is not how a union works . 
  ideology leads to communism and some of us know how that works ( or rather how it does n't ) . 
  the point here is to : 1 ) face the facts and admit that even the big states in europe are too small to compete with the us , china , japan , etc. 
  2 ) instead of finding more reasons to hate each other and act like someone else should do everything for us , adapt , cooperate and hate it or not , pay a certain price . 
  tl ; dr with or without the eu , the prices that people have to pay for their or other people 's mistakes wo n't come down . 
  they will go up for everyone and if something goes wrong and the eu collapses , trust me , it wo n't be long until everyone starts regretting it . 
  this is where you are right : there are more similarities then differences between people . 
  perhaps the internet has a good contribution to that factor ( and some of the counter effect inevitably ) . 
  as far as relationships - that 's not really an issue either . 
  and this is coming from a man who : a ) studied abroad for years . 
  b ) was in such a relationship for exactly 2 and a half years . 
  and still few to none cultural differences . 
  could have something to do with the fact that we both were completely out of touch with traditions or religions . 
  birthdays and christmas ( though we had this exact conversation and we both concluded that we did n't understand christmas ) . 
  and really nothing out of the ordinary . 
  and the fact that it did n't end up too well had nothing to do with cultural differences . 
  convert it zwd , millionaire status achieved . 
  ai n't that brilliant !, 
  since our currency is pegged to the euro and has been since germany adopted it , this is kind of irrelevant . 
  i really could n't care less if price tags say 1.95 or 1.00 with a different symbol at the edge . 
  berlin , dubling and luxembourg . 
  yes !, 
  signed . 
  with the recent changes - i 'd say yes , totally . 
  but with a certain fallback mode : the current education model is completely out of touch with reality . 
  and we currently have a generation where the gap is immense . 
  and what i mean by that is that we 've been training people how to do things that are obsolete by the time they graduate . 
  and i 've personally experienced this . 
  some industries more , others less but it 's a general trend . 
  i graduated uni around 6 years ago and i can honestly say that a large portion of the concepts have evolved so much in that time that my specific training back then is completely irrelevant now and it boils down to nothing other than experience . 
  that said , many kids know exactly what they want to do with their life from a very early age . 
  i sat in front of a computer at the age of 3 and never bothered to stand up really . 
  i never really cared about games , i wanted to know how it worked and how to squeeze more out of it ( yes , i was a very odd child in the eyes of many ) . 
  hence my overall support for such idea . 
  but there should be some fallback mode for the children that get lost in puberty ( when the existential questions start kicking in ) . 
  seems like those that fell in my category were predominant back then and it looks as if the numbers are increasing . 
  but still , there is the other type . 
  i think we are really off-topic here and you seem to miss a crucial point . 
  i can list 10 or 15 books off the top of my head , which could serve as a symbolic analogy to what i 'm trying to say , though i 'm not entirely convinced there 's any need for that . 
  and even though it 's way off-topic , i 'll answer your last question anyway : terminological inexactitudes are one of the most distinct ... let 's say `` features '' of mankind .
