  [ a slightly more visible representation of the data ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vhtxiie.png ), 
   local labour bureau given what kind of people are likely to attend you ( around these regions that is ) , i think you 'd have a very similar chance of success at the graveyard . 
  i totally agree . 
  but there is a problem - the number of people who are off the radar is absolutely ridiculous . 
  a lot of people work on their own * `` projects '' * in their spare time and i know a lot that have come a long way but even more who are stuck on one thing or another . 
  in that sense things like betahaus or meetup are doing a fine job . 
  truthfully i would have probably been a customer of betahaus and would have been spending my evenings and weekends in those places if i did n't have all the space , hardware and supplies at my disposal at home . 
  i mean there are those who are deliberately keeping away from the public ( that is the last thing i need ) but then there are those who are struggling to keep up with everybody else and show their potential and work . 
  this is where meetup comes into the picture but it seems to me that generally people are skeptical about those . 
  i 've been to a few gatherings around here - they are as boring as they can get and the people who approach you are 90 % of the times annoying recruiters , hence the reason i have n't attended any in over 2 years . 
  but there are cities where there is a community for those types of things . 
  not many but there are some . 
   you are part of the 24 % of young men your age who have used the internet to look or to apply for a job . 
  for real ? 
  where the hell do you look for jobs ? 
  newspaper ads ??!?!? 
  on a side note , i 'm doing pretty damn well ... 
  no problem with it whatsoever . 
  and just for the record - not because i was * somewhat * of an immigrant at one point ( no intentions to stay , just study ) . 
  changes inside europe - some might be a nice touch like requiring to learn the local language in a certain period perhaps . 
  but that period will probably have to be decided by the local authorities - some countries have 2 or even more official languages . 
  asking anyone to learn 4 languages in 6 months is a bit unrealistic . 
  second thing about europe is that while there is free movement of people and capital , there is also the legal option to deport people back to where they came from if they do not find a job and have no affiliation with their country of residence ( essentially those who are not workers or students ) and no one can say a word about it . 
  as in the state has the full right to do this and the eu has no word in this . 
  some countries have this practice while others pretend that there is no such thing ( political reasons maybe , you be the judge ) . 
  people from outside europe - still no problems with them . 
  there is a side note about both types though - i do n't want anyone to misinterpret my words . 
  i do have a problem with religion . 
  that is any kind of religion . 
  religion should have been abolished centuries ago but it is still causing chaos . 
  i do n't have problems with christians , muslims , buddhists or anyone else . 
  i do n't have a problem with anyone who is religious but i do not want to see more religious buildings to be built . 
  churches , mosques or any other . 
  keep what we have as a cultural heritage - abso-f * ing-lutely . 
  build more - nope . 
  sorry , it 's the 21-st century , the world is n't flat , the sun does not revolve around the earth , the world is not 6000 years old , deal with it . 
  no need to preach more propaganda . 
  while i was studying - not at all . 
  i guess spanish people are just very friendly and i felt at home since day one . 
  and i do mean it - from the first moment i got there , i felt like i had been living there my whole life . 
  from the very beginning there was this `` you 're one of us now '' sense . 
  actually kind of awkward at times ... edit : and i am really thankful for the kindness and hospitality . 
  really can not thank you enough . 
  around these regions , it 's hard to say . 
  there has been an increasing number of refugees ( still kind of small since the total number probably does n't account even for 0.5 % of the population ) but the ones i 've seen have always been very kind and have n't caused any problems . 
  you do hear occasionally about a village with a population of 15 people ( all of which around the age of 95 or they are all first cousins or both ) making a fuss about a family that moved into a house but i feel this is the exception rather than the rule . 
  from what i 've seen there are some remarkable individuals among those refugees , kids want to study and learn so it really boggles my mind when i see people considering this a problem . 
  as for those from europe - you have two groups - the large one , who are doing anything in their powers to blend in and a small one made of people who build their own communities and tend to act like they are in charge now . 
  true but they are most commonly associated with austria around these parts - both ferdinand and his father , august were born and raised in vienna . 
  then again they are all related ( royal families ) . 
  nice guys - showing everyone why you should stay away from your cousins :d, 
  i do n't think the 7 days money back guarantee applies after a whole century . 
  we 'll probably need to get a new one ... 
  should we ask the austrians if they happen to have another spare prince laying around ? 
  off with your head !, 
  does that mean i can no longer apply ? 
   who is needed in liberland ? 
    liberland currently needs people who :   have respect for other people and respect the opinions of others , regardless of their race , ethnicity , orientation , or religion   have respect for private ownership which is untouchable  do not have communist , nazi or other extremist past   were not punished for past criminal offences sounds like a nice community actually ... 
  my bad , i was left with the impression that nokia is 100 % owned by microsoft now ... 
  so basically microsoft is buying alcatel-lucent : /, 
  guys ... eeerm ... 
  i always thought that this is common sense but if you are not happy with the people leading your country , you do n't settle for something more extreme . 
  you should usually settle for something more moderate instead . 
  well my lack of enthusiasm about having children could be found elsewhere - i know i will be a terrible parent and that 's the worst thing you could do to a child : better to not have children if you 're going to cripple them from the day they are born . 
  the only difference is that i 've thought about it and i 've come to the conclusion that people like me can not possibly raise children efficiently and if does somehow work out in the end , it will be purely due to good luck . 
  for better or worse i know a lot of people who think this way . 
  might as well try to stay focused on the good things : the world is overpopulated as it is , and at the current rates it will be the home of 9 billion people by 2050 . 
  luckily i do n't suffer from nationalism so i do n't really have a problem with the consequences . 
  that plus the fact that the last woman i invited for a drink did turn out to be my cousin ... 
  arms are overrated . 
  well from my point of view , i feel like crying every time i 've been away from work for over a week and it takes me just as much to get back on track . 
  a year and i might as well try a new career cause i 'll be equally incompetent at everything . 
  good thing i 'm starting my own company , huh . 
  while i see where people are coming from , i feel a lot of those methods are idiotic . 
  firstly we need to acknowledge some facts : 1 . 
  the faster a country is developing the more birth rates drop . 
  surely this does n't come as a surprise . 
  which are the countries with highest birth rates ? 
  most of them are in africa , asia or latin america . 
  however the lifespan is also significantly lower and mortality rates are much higher . 
  this is how the world functions . 
  there is a correlation - the satisfaction people get from work is tightly related to their desire to have children ( more specifically the lack of desire ) . 
  tv ads promote sex as acts of patriotism ? 
  this actually frightens me . 
  and how is that going to work for smaller nations ( considering that most european nations are in fact small ) . 
  hey kids , meet your mom , your second and third cousin , your aunt and your grandmother . 
  her name is * whatever * . 
  while there is a lot of sense behind getting paid nearly their full salary for more than one year , there is a second side to that . 
  staying at home with your child may seem like a wonderful option but i feel that you 'll loose track of the real world completely . 
  so some sort of compromise is a must i think . 
  4 . this actually does sound fun . 
  `` hey , let 's reproduce '' . 
  a more polite way of saying it anyway : dddd  dating site is only for danes who want to have children, 
  yeah , i 've always wondered why is that . 
  everyone i know from belgium is absolutely mad about cycling . 
  and by everyone i mean absolutely no exceptions , men , women , young and old . 
  how did that happen ? 
  and then there 's me - the most die-hard atheist ... \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  yes , all countries do . 
  but i do n't see how this is a problem .
