they would bomb slovakia, 
  do n't do it . 
  what will happen with your dogs ? 
  you are the world to them . 
  hi  just send me a message, 
  hi i 'm 20 years old too and in need of a friend . 
  pm if you like to . 
  count me in . 
  can you send me the link too ? 
  happened to me too . 
  i got drunk , tried to kill myself but cowarded and cryed in front of my friends for 2 hours . 
  you can talk to me . 
  pm if you wish . 
  yes, 
  pm me if you want to, 
  it started my depression, 
  call the police or 112 . 
  in my opinion it 's better to do something than nothing . 
  cops will find him . 
  good luck, 
  they are saying this so england can win gold in soccer, 
  are you or your family from slovenia ? 
  great read . 
  i 'm happy you did n't give up . 
  my inspiration , 
  randompls, 
  11 thanks op, 
  2000 shades of grey, 
  happy birthday !, 
  thanks !, 
  i was very mad at trump when i created my profile  . 
  and it looks like i 'm not the only one who has doctor appointment on his birthday :(, 
  i met a girl i really like , she lives in spain ... 
  i 'm just wondering why is everything so unfair . 
  it 's the first time i 've been happy in 3 years and now i 'm home and more broken than before . 
  sometimes i just upvote every post on fresh page . 
  i hope this makes someones day, 
  but then eu4 would be banned in bih and albania :p, 
  well serbians tried to take bih and albania because they had an idea of great serbia . 
  they killed a lot of people and one of the leaders in serbia said that serbia should be from beograd to tokio . 
  so people in bih would say this achievement supports serbian nationalism . 
  stop smoking, 
  visit a girl from spain, 
  pass college this year, 
  try to beat depression, 
  was one of the volunteers from slovenija or slovakia ? 
  but its says slo and that means slovenija . 
  i hear voices in my head . 
  what should i do ? 
  you are the worst !, 
  thanks, 
  hello from fan in slovenia  i cant wait to be awake all night watching the game !, 
  from slovenian fan !, 
  because they work !, 
  almost same !, 
   where from croatia ? 
  i live a little south of ljubljana . 
  nice username !, 
  do you know where in slovenia ? 
  im not only slovenian for browns !, 
  do you have slovenian surname ? 
  around cleveland there are 100 000 people with slovenian heritage . 
  its slovenian capital in usa as we call it . 
  more slovenians than americans :d, 
  yes . 
  its slovenian alright . 
  there are a lot of usa-slovenia clubs and meetings . 
  some brown players were slovenians . 
  and even one mayor of cleveland and guverner of ohio ( just found out ), 
  lets look at positives . 
  you can see by my name im not a fan . 
  i actually wasnt thinking on slovenians when i picked the team . 
  but its a great bonus !, 
  im interested if those players are famous :, 
  tony adamle ,, 
  mike golic ,, 
  randy gradishar, 
  im new to nfl so i dont know . 
  yes . 
  a lot of people moved from austria-hungary right before wwi and after wwl . 
  and ohio and pennsylvania were the main destination because they had a lot of jobs in industry ( as far as i know ) . 
  mostly slovenians and croatians . 
  but ... trump is working when he is playing golf !!!, 
  sorry , but only americans are here . 
  good !, 
  because i bet no one speaks french here, 
  maybe some french people should comment too, 
  every comment under any post is about clinton or pedes . 
  and in france its not a nice word , 
  im not . 
  but it looks like you are just to prove a point . 
  from the_donald like almost every user , 
  a weird way to say you are gay, 
  you worship a `` virgin '' , 
  tito was dead for 10y when yugoslavia had a civil war . 
  he was actually the one who held the country together, 
  i agree his economic ideas may not be too good . 
  but you need to be a good leader to hold together a country of people who hate each other . 
  do you know what croatians and serbs did to each other during war ? 
  he made them stay together and live in peace .
