  i guess only the future can tell us which of these 3 will suceed, 
  virtual arsenal can be used in game . 
  sop for such issues , verify game cache . 
  if that does n't help post here again . 
  what happens of you press yes ? 
  shameless advertise on the wrong subreddit , which is already bad , but the idea that you get a rank for money kinda disgusts me . 
  on top of that , with the rank sergeant in most communities you would get a squad to lead or at least a fireteam . 
  if that 's the case in your group as well i would n't even want to join , simply because any dickweed can buy himself into a leadership position . 
  no thanks , i 'm fine . 
  i did not make this thread to talk about the sway , we already have 5 of those, 
  if you are talking about the squares and such they are listed in empty under structures, 
  the googles have no special function afaik , like tactical shades, 
  let 's not talk about the sway because we already have 5 threads for this . 
  the bootcamp update had no performance impact whatsoever , i am not experiencing more or less fps than i used to . 
  when i used the launcher it did n't list any of my mods . 
  also way you set your mexmem and mexvram is a bit weird, 
  yes , just toss all pbo 's in one folder . 
  use a mod launcher , the arma 3 launcher or a shortcut with startparameters, 
  no it means there are no `` playable '' slots left in a mission for you . 
  try creating a new profile . 
  if the respawn script does n't work and all playable units die , will come back as seagulls . 
  same for jip in mp missions when the respawn is not properly set up . 
  old tfr did it as well, 
  not worth the hassle , imho . 
  but if you do that op , make sure you get consent from the mod authors before releasing them ( if you plan to do so ), 
  not sure if this was already posted here but i use it frequently to connect to servers and it works like a charm . 
  also saves you the awful minutes waiting for the in game server browser to list servers for you . 
  the way it works : just filter for the server you want to connect to , copy it 's ip and port , on the server browser enter the ip and port via `` remote '' ( bottom right ) and done . 
  hope it helps you as much as it helped me . 
  what do you mean still ? 
  the game is not even a year old and gets frequent ( almost monthly ) rather large updates . 
  the price is imho completely justified . 
  agreed but it 's at least something . 
  the game , while already out of beta still gets a lot of updates adding features and content . 
  this idea deserves all the upvotes . 
  it will make all parties happy, 
  i prefer this server list as i find the server browser clumsy . 
  it 's not like i invaded your pc and forced you to use this instead of the steam browser . 
  like i said i do n't like the steam server as it feels a little clumsy . 
  arma ingame browser takes ages to even start listing servers . 
  this is the best alternative for people who wish to join directly a server without having to wait for it to come up ( i.e. 
  eutw , or certain unit pub servers ), 
  have a downvote for being ignorant , bi already announced those features you names for future updates . 
  can you expand on that ? 
  it is to my knowledge that you can have shared radio channels . 
  what makes tfr superior to acre in my opinion is the easier-to-use keybindings . 
  you can shift channels , and transmit on different radios easily , without having to break your fingers trying to press 3 buttons . 
  if you dropbox the mission and pm me a link ill have a look at it, 
  same here , even if the content is not so satisfying i am sure bi will work on it until the community likes it , something that is rarely seen amongst other studios . 
  eutw and koth are typical game modes for tvt . 
  there are a bunch of european invade and annex servers as well . 
  to use weapons you downloaded they have to be in the mission you play . 
  the mission is pre built and ca n't magically detect what mods you have unless you use vas or the virtual arsenal, 
   is anyone else getting this same crap going on ? 
  and, 
   and i think i speak for everyone when were all sick and tired of game devs fu ** ing us over, 
  no you are not speaking for everyone , as i literally never heard of this issue . 
  i run arma 3 on similar specs and never had a single issue with the game suddenly not working anymore ( at least in vanilla ) . 
  i suggest putting in a ticket on the feedback tracker , if enough people up vote it ( and they should because you ` are speaking for everyone ' ) bi will eventually reply . 
  edit : i also advise googling `` ijl15.dll '' , when i looked it up i got thousands of results for fixing your issue . 
  verify your game cache . 
  if that does n't work try deleting all your arma 3 files including the ones you have in your / local / folder , a fresh re install might do the trick . 
  thee things that bother me the most in the current editor :, 
  * copied assets do n't carry the `` playable '' stat over . 
  so if you create a squad and copy/paste it , you have to click on each individual dot to make them playable . 
  quite problematic if you work on +50 playable units . 
  * order of the playable units in the mission lobby is depenedent on the order you placed them in . 
  if you want to have , let 's say your infantry platoon leadership * above * the squads but you placed them later than the infantry you have to go into the mission sqm and re-arrange manually . 
  * documentation about several modules is really poor to non existant , which makes working with them really painful . 
  yeah they should do it like ea : if you do n't have the dlc , you ca n't play with others who have it . 
  who is bohemia to think that dlc owners and non dlc owners shall play together on the same servers . 
  get your shit together and stop whining . 
  im playing arma sincea 2 oa and i agree for some people the lite textures were better , ** but ** better bohemia interactive is a company that needs to make money . 
  and if enough people do n't buy the dlc because they have the lite model anyway , why would they try the same thing again ? 
  it 's the communities fault not caring enough for bi and wanting free shit when there are clearly other game companies who have a far worse policy . 
   greed and populrity , is the downfall of bis, 
  no , it 's customers like you who do n't appreciate companies like bi . 
  bet y' all would be flipping your shit if you heard that on dlc owners can not play on the same servers as dlc owners . 
  they asked for 3 pros and cons about their dlc model , not the karts dlc, 
  knowing how bi handled dlcs in the past is not relevant at all . 
  relevant is how bi handles dlcs in relation to other game companies . 
  care to explain ? 
  as much as i would love to see it , i do n't think we will be getting a startup process not even a simplified one . 
  we also ( probably ) will be missing out on proper pre-flight checks , which is a shame but they will have to make the cut somewhere for a ) what 's viable for players and b ) what is worth the effort . 
  i do hope though that we will see a realistic aerodynamic model in regards too wind affecting the airframe as well as several helicopter related issues ( explained in a few dcs huey videos by dsylexi ), 
  for me the biggest downside to all of this is the with the heli dlc and the rotorlib fdm they seem to be completely ignoring fixed wing aircrafts , but hey maybe in the future . 
  i think they are asking about the `` everyone gets it , but only owners can play with it '' model , and for that you do n't need to see how it turns out with helos and rifles, 
  i prefer parenting entry any day over not being able to play with dlc owners . 
  yeah because all of bohemia is working on modelling new stuff , just like the entire company dropped everything they were working on to make zeus . 
  when will people like you finally understand that a game designer has a different job than a programmer . 
  that 's a discussion we will have to postpone until the actual content is out . 
  because i see no reason in discussing the value or quality of a dlc if it 's not out yet . 
  maybe the helicopter dlc will give us one crappy transport help that is bugged and not worth a penny , maybe the helicopter dlc gives is +10 airframes with high quality models , perfect flight balancing and so on and so forth . 
  i agree with you that it 's great that we have modders in this community who share their content for free but why should that exclude bi from making content that they will sell ? 
  no one is forcing you to buy it and at the end of the day it 's the mission maker 's choice what vehicles to include . 
  on a completely different note though : this whole `` why would we give the company money if the community can do it just as well '' is a ) not entirely true as user made content barely reaches the quality of original content and b ) can be harmful , if we rely on the community too much bi will do the same and will eventually pass the work on to community modders , which is not a good thing , believe it or not . 
  adding to the other comments : i read somewhere here or on the bi forums that the forward observer is not supposed to turn on the designator up until the shell is 5-10 seconds out , might be more , might be less . 
  most game servers need a restart after a certain time . 
  mostly to flush memory from the cpu and ram . 
  also when people play they tend to leave things lying around like weapons ammo and so on and so forth , same goes for the enemy , when you kill them they leave their weapon lying on the floor , a server restart deletes all entities lying around and gives a clean map .
