  launchparameters are 90 % placebo, 
  i7 supports hyper threading and has a higher base clock usually , i5 does n't . 
  that 's all there is to it , and since most games do n't use hyper threads you do n't really need an i7 . 
  different story if you want to stream or edit videos on your rig, 
  that 's also bs , that used to be the case but arma 's own memory allocator outperforms any third party now . 
  there are some reports from bi that third party memory allocator a cause stability issues and do n't increase performance . 
  but if you want to upload to youtube a benchmark where you first play a mission with the default memory allocator and then on the same settings using a third party one i would greatly appreciate it, 
  what about lifting weights + ??? 
  = gaining muscle, 
  milsim in 3rd person ? 
  i do n't meant this in a patronizing way . 
  it just surprised me because the milsim units i know usually go full realism , where 3p is a no go . 
  even the `` over the shoulder '' camera gives you a slight advantage . 
  it 's all good , i know the other side too , where someone basically mocks others for the way they enjoy their game . 
  as i said i just surprised me . 
  whatever floats your unit 's boat , as long as you have fun . 
  you can actually ice her through the curtains , which was what i did . 
  admittedly i used instinct to line the shot up , but one precise shot and the show was over . 
  out of all the issues hitman has right now , this is the least pressing one . 
  do you maybe have dx12 enabled ? 
  that causes stability problems, 
  that 's it then . 
  use dx11 for now . 
  what cpu and gpu do you have ? 
  it 's not a hardware issue . 
  dx12 worked fine in the beta but flat out crashes for everyone after a few minutes . 
  name : gruene, 
  events :, 
  reaction :, 
  hitman is loved by its fans for its replay-ability . 
  there is no way you explored the entire paris level in one run . 
  in what language is this written in ? 
  i was going off your `` the content is shallow '' statement , when it is objectively not . 
  i 've got one word for you : peanuts . 
  where i live they are dirt cheap for 500 grams , and 100 grams per day gain you 600kcal , though they 're also high in fat and salt , so make sure you drink enough, 
  if no one replies here i recommend going to a local gunstore ( i.e kettner ) and asking them . 
  they can also look up if you are not permitted to buy guns in austria, 
  2 hours for 13 euros ( steam price ) , thats 65 euros for 10 hours , standard in the industry , whether that is justified or not is for everyone else to decide . 
  but as i said , it has a lot replayability value . 
  i already got 4 hours and i have n't explored everything , so in my eyes i got good value for 13 euros . 
  if acre works like tfar : locate your radio sounds in you teamspeak 3 plugin folder , replace the sounds , done, 
  this is nit picking but also a pet peeve of mine : arma 3 does n't tie your fps to server fps , this was confirmed by a bi dev in / r/arma, 
  the game just runs slower if there is lots of stuff going on, 
  i found that pen and paper are your best friend when learning about nested loops , function calls and raw pointers, 
  c is dead , java is declining and not used outside of minecraft , c++ is used only for low level programming . 
  you can only pick c # or python , everything else is practically obsolete, 
  edit : seems like sarcasm does n't translate well over text, 
  you know i was n't serious , right ? 
  generally speaking the syntax of an if-statement ( at least in c # and similar languages is ), 
  bool condition = false, 
  / / something happens with condition that might change it, 
  if ( condition ), 
  / / do something here if condition equals to true, 
  right now your if statement doesn have a condition , so it doesnt evaluate anything . 
  to me it seems like you are not 100 % sure on what the term algorithm means so maybe you should read up on that here https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/algorithm, 
  yes that is an algorithm . 
  algorithms can even loop around , they do n't always need to branch, 
  no i ca n't , the language you learn has nothing to do with algorithms . 
  typically the topic of algorithms and data structures is not approached anyway until you have the basics of a language down . 
  what language you want to learn is highly dependent on what you want to do with . 
  on top of all that the sidebar and wiki is filled with information, 
  or do n't because steam and the bi store are the only authorized online stores for arma 3 , so buying it and one of these two you ensure the money goes to bohemia interactive, 
  there is no other way to obtain the game than through steam , that does n't change the fact that steam is the only authorized arma 3 key vendor , where you are sure to get a legit key and th revenue goes to the right place, 
  i have n't really noticed an influx of oop related posts . 
  it 's just a concept that 's rather hard to grasp for beginners , and since it 's a feature in many many languages you will naturally see a lot of posts about it . 
  you know it 's true because the moment your ad block stops working for whatever reason your pc gets just spammed with ads . 
  everyone works a bit differently . 
  some people take weeks to get behind the idea of pointers while others are able to work with them within mere hours . 
  the whole idea of objects is abstract to someone who never programmed before . 
  you are better off asking this in / r/raspberry _ pi, 
  have you played the official coop missions ? 
  they are short , simple and well made, 
  as i said , it 's a bit different for everyone . 
  i was in a programming 101 class in my first year of uni where people had the most ridiculous issues when it came to using classes and and functions in c++, 
  care to elaborate ? 
  38 seems a bit excessive, 
  most of them seem to be repetitive . 
  there was one about more water , less alcohol , less carbs more protein , that can all be condensed into one point . 
  people digest information better if it 's concise and simple, 
  have you read the faq and the wiki ? 
  honestly for a guy your size your squat is n't really impressive , but then again neither is your bench you should be cutting back on neither . 
  imho you should be running sl 5x5 or a similar program until you get some strength . 
  just because you workout 5 day instead of 3 does n't necessarily mean you will get stronger faster . 
  remember it 's a marathon not a sprint, 
  no it 's not supposed to be like this , you hacked a solution together that happens to work rather than understanding why your code works . 
  edit your do-while loop should check if num is not zero and start again if that statement equals to true . 
  you should always understand the code you wrote . 
  why for example did n't you just do while ( num ! = 0 ) ? 
  yes but why did it say that and how would you fix it ? 
  one is to seize a small base . 
  when you are in the mission select menu in the server you should be able to see them on the right side, 
  it does n't matter which value since the do while loop will execute anyway at least once , though it 's a good idea to not initialize the variable with a random value, 
  will this mean that amd cards will finally not be crippled when gameworks features are enabled ? 
  i have a 390 and it lets me select ultra settings . 
  i was under the impression hitman was taking place prior to absolution, 
  what exactly is funny about being arrested in a foreign country , where you do n't speak the language and you do n't know when or even if you can come back . 
  the allegations made against the two bi employees where pretty serious iirc, 
  i agree , sometimes i want to play squad but i ca n't for whatever reason communicate with my team . 
  sometimes i just ca n't use my headset , other times all english squads are full and i see nothing but '' [ different languae ] mic only '' which is frustrating to say the very least . 
  that 's unfortunately my impression of the game so far , i get that it 's a great community and all that but sometimes you just ca n't yell fire control orders down a microphone,
