  yes but ww1 also had austria-hungary and serbia involved and not just britain , the us and germany . 
  also world war 1 had way different weaponry than what we have seen so far . 
  and if that was n't enough , what 's going on with the battle zeppelin ? 
  i do n't care if they paint all their characters blue and call them smurfs , it 's their game but do n't give us a lame ass historical accuracy argument when they have all the aforementioned in their game, 
  what ? 
  you can apply this argument on all paid assets . 
  practically every server uses helos so they should give at least one of the dlc helos to everyone . 
  given that most of us bought the game dirt cheap either during a sale or back in alpha i feel like the extra 30 bucks for apex is fully justified . 
  even more so when you think about all the free updates we got since release . 
  zeus , ffv , 3den , graphical update , end game , and that 's just to name a few . 
  the list also excludes the ridiculous amount of mod support we get for this game, 
  but why ? 
  they have two . 
  one with a mod pack the other one without one, 
  they recently put it up , im not sure what kind of mods they use but the members of the 7cav play on it every now and then, 
  sitting in a house on a small hill with my squad while the rest of our company is completly cut off from us , separated by a large minefield . 
  csat forces were approaching our hideout from practically all sides when the 1ic attached to us suddenly decided they only way to fight off the enemy forces was artillery . 
  and so were sitting in a tiny hut on top of a hill ordering indirect fire practically on our doorstep , walking each shot closer to us . 
  we survived but it still surprises me that we did, 
  client fps is in fact not bound to server fps . 
  this has been discussed over and over so what you see is what you get . 
  the only limiting factor as far as i understood the issue is the connection speed of the slowest client to the server, 
  two factors : 1 ) as i said fps may be dependent on the slowest client connected, 
  2 ) popular servers have a lot going on . 
  guns being fired , vehicles flown around , lots of movement . 
  you may be comparing apples to oranges . 
  i just ca n't be fucked with public transportation anymore . 
  takes longer , more uncomfortable , less freedom, 
  i have n't actually gotten my license yet . 
  i am starting my first lesson on a motorcycle next saturday . 
  i will buy a ktm duke 390 or an equivalent by the end of august , i 'm so hyped, 
  whatever style suits you better . 
  there is no universal good or bad for learners, 
  i need more amd in my life !, 
  different strokes for different folks . 
  the guy in the video was just asking if it was okay for his leader if he seperated from the group , nothing else . 
  there was no yes sir/no sir involved , but keep that circlejerk going . 
  do you mean by quasi future the current time ? 
  because the two big mods everyone uses for old a2 assets are usually technology from 60s to 80s, 
  so two hours into a three hour session you ruined an event other people probably enjoyed ? 
  and you still boast about it roughly 3 years later ? 
   but hey what can you do ? 
  disconnect and never come back maybe, 
   live and let live, 
  still continues to make fun of other people . 
  what 's with the condescending tone ? 
  apparently you did not otherwise you could have avoided being an asshat and could have left a group of people alone . 
  i really hope your decision making has improved since then, 
  well i took the base from this function from my professor who does it the same way and if you google `` recursive quicksort '' you get very similar results . 
  edit : i changed the function so qsort is called right after swap , but sorting doesnt work correctly, 
  i did do that but it 's not sorting correctly . 
  it is as if the entire array is sorted but the last two big pieces, 
  recursion is slower than iteration, 
  valgrind does this on linux and with the time command you can time the execution of a program, 
  your level does n't tell us much about your experience . 
  what is your highest ranked in competitive play ? 
  pick a language , any language really and start digging . 
  java is pretty beginner friendly , will yield quick results and allows you to move on to gui programming relatively quick . 
  but wanting to learn to make a game without even knowing a programming language is an impossible task . 
  its like wanting to build a house but not having any material, 
  if you 'd like it used more in your missions just put it in and assign a uav operator . 
  i think it 's a great tool and fun to use with lots of different areas of deployment . 
  next week : will a dual cpu setup benefit arma 3 ? 
  the answer is no but we 're gon na try anyway, 
  i ca n't read your code , because of the messed up indentation but my guess is that you do the same thing 4 times . 
  look into how to use vector , then create one vector with 4 servos in it and iterate over the vector as you see fit . 
  done, 
  look into vectors . 
  if vectors do n't work for whatever reason ( system you 're working on , homework specific limitations ) check out arrays . 
  the basic principle is that you make one array and each element in the array is a servo . 
  you can then loop over all elements, 
  as it was explained to me by a friend who works in an electronics store : the average buyer does n't look for performance per dollar or performance per watt . 
  they look first for names and then for price or the other way around . 
  he told me whenever someone comes shopping for a pc or a video card they ask for a gtx , because it is more established in the market , is known more by the non-enthusiast audience . 
  secondly they look for the price : a 970 used to cost a lot ( at least here ) , the 960 was cheaper but still has the gtx branding on it . 
  so naturally they choose this model, 
  you need to understand that its not a matter of being lazy or being scared of anything . 
  making changes to an engine can be a very long and resource intensive task . 
  bohemia probably crunched the numbers and asked themselves `` how much will this cost us , and how will it affect current arma sales '' . 
  the answer was probably that it was a financial risk not worth taking , after all they are a company and can only sustain themselves if the make financially sound decisions . 
  sorry for the late reply, 
   i can not recall now how many years i have been waiting for a major engine overhaul , not many communities are as patient as the community that arma has . 
  from arma 2 to 3 was a pretty major overhaul in terms of graphics engine if you ask me . 
  you should n't disregard this upgrade . 
   now , the great majority of new players that arma got since the arma 2 and dayz mod days are not `` as loyal '' costumers as the old fans from the early times . 
  take your elitism somewhere else . 
  you are not better than any other arma 3 player just because you started earlier , neither are you more or less loyal . 
   there is much need for improvement , they have a great , passionate community behind , creating , sharing , experiencing ... they have all the support possible in the world for such a `` niche '' simulator game . 
  and the game is constantly improving . 
  there are constantly performance updates and tweaks . 
  the game has improved so much since the alpha and official release . 
  a loyal customer and fan of the company would acknowledge their hard work . 
   i am just saying , one can only imagine what could be possible if arma engine was more modern and capable of using our actual hardware . 
  that is nice and all , and its also good to hear you so loyally support bi , but as a matter of fact you did n't say what would be possible with arma . 
  you also did n't acknowledge bi 's work . 
  what you literally said was :, 
   so they are just to ~ ~ lazy ~ ~ scared to focus on solving performance . 
  arma 6 will be them . 
  neither of which is true . 
  bi are not too lazy to implement dx12 or a new engine , nor are they too scared .
