  i hear supersampling fucks with text and makes it unreadable . 
  can you give some insight ? 
  sweet i 'll definitely try it out . 
  is it as simple as enabling supersampling in crimson and then change the resolution in the game settings ? 
  given that crossfire gets more love in future games ofc . 
   on your modern os , you are not allowed to access memory that is not under control of your program , so you ca n't overwrite sensitive regions in memory . 
  how do memory scanners and cheat engine work ? 
  i 've seen a video a couple of days ago where someone altered their level in an online game by scanning the memory for a specific value and simply changed it . 
  sidebar / wiki read ? 
  well if you 've read the entire wiki you 're already golden . 
  send it to your friend, 
  i checked out his first couple videos which were an introduction to c on windows . 
  however i believe i saw the -  operator in his source code , which i am not sure exists in c . if it does n't , then yes . 
   ** is it a bad idea ** to get an amd graphics card for arma ? 
  / u/scorch052 replied, 
   amd cpus yes , gpus no . 
  downvote 'cause salt ? 
  i care about the purpose downvotes serve . 
  downvote posts that dont bring any meaningful content to the discussion . 
  do n't downvote because your feelings are hurt . 
  why ca n't they use it ? 
  what 's the error ? 
  i ca n't cite any sources rn but i recall someone saying here that heat breaks up the protein and it 's not super ideal . 
  i like to mix my shakes at room temperature . 
  hoch lebe multithreading, 
   is there a language which is considered best for making games ? 
  `` best '' is a relative term . 
  c++ will be the faster language than java , but as it was already pointed out its a pretty steep learning curve and you will take a while before you even can consider making a game . 
  but then again , same goes for java . 
  you ca n't sit down today and be expecting to make games by the end of next week . 
   was considering java but i 've been lead to believe java is n't very good because it has security flaws and might eventually be abandoned . 
  is this true ? 
  neither is true , java 8 got its last update in november . 
  java 9 is set for 2016 . 
   my understanding is that java is easier , but is limited - whereas c++ is the opposite . 
  is this true in any sense ? 
  java is limited in the sense that memory managment and garabage collection are hidden and you ca n't access them . 
  that makes the program written in java slower than c++ . 
  c++ on the other hand forces you to do these tasks on your own , which increases performance but creates other problems . 
  memory leaks are a common error among beginners . 
  tl ; dr c++ is faster , java is easier in terms of game development the difference for a beginner between them is negligible they are both hard and it will take you a while before you make your own first game . 
  even worse than people who throw the towel early are those who actively work against you if you do n't forfeit . 
  i 've started a 2v2 and suddenly had to fight in a 1v3 . 
  the game needs to punish own goals in ranked matches ~ ~ in a harsher way ~ ~ . 
  a `` report '' button , or negative rp / xp would fix the problem imho , at least to a certain degree . 
  okay , well then they take his work and do n't credit him directly . 
  i do n't see his name or the linus media group mentioned anywhere . 
  it would work if we had a csgo-esque overwatch system . 
  you can also report players for griefing . 
  since cheating is not really that big of a deal in rocket league * , such a system could help to battle griefers . 
  * apart from those who hack their rank to show up as rocketeers , but who cares about those . 
  lets see . 
  the facebook post itself does n't give any credit . 
  it 's just a link to 9gag . 
  on 9gag then the video is embedded but if you hover over it , there is no dropdown for the name of the video or who made it . 
  continuinung the video has the title shown in the facebook post and is accompanied by, 
   tech porn , such a beauty . 
  11:50 for completed pc . 
  \u25ba related : building a watercooled pc looks like an artsy porno, 
  followed by another 9gag link . 
  if i want to know who made the video , i have to go out of my way , go to yt and view the video there . 
  credit given = none, 
  works in csgo , you just need people you can trust . 
  for example , yes . 
  i do 1,5-2 g per kg bw protein , 0,5-1g per kg bw fat and fill up the rest with carbs until i hit my calorie goal . 
  for bulk more carbs , for cutting less carbs, 
  iirc this only affects ranked matches . 
   but as always it depends on the server more than anything, 
  was n't this branded as myth a while ago ? 
  in the wiki there are two calculators linked . 
  try both of them and maybe a third from somewhere else . 
  the 3 will give you slightly different outcomes so just go with the mean value . 
  yes thats normal, 
  whenever someone talks about ohp they usually mean a standing shoulder press , while shoulder press is done while sitting . 
  at lest that explanation was given to me, 
  i 'm sorry but it 's hard to believe you got a 100 % performance increase from something that has been debunked as negligible fps increase . 
  5 i can see but 30 ? 
   core parking is a sleep state ( c6 ) supported by most newer x86 processors , and newer editions of windows . 
  core parking dynamically disables cpu cores in an effort to conserve power when idle . 
  disabled cores are re-enabled as the cpu load increases once again . 
  this technology is very similar to frequency scaling , in that it seeks to throttle the cpu when idle . 
  from [ here ] ( https://bitsum.com/parkcontrol/ ), 
  did n't they click the `` fix engine '' button during development ? 
  damn : /, 
  making changes to a game engine is never trivial no matter how large the game is . 
   if you have advice keep it to yourself because for the most part i understand my weaknesses and i 'm a work in progress . 
   talking shit, 
  there is a huge difference between the two . 
  if my team mate constantly does the same stupid thing that fucks us over i will tell him to do it differently so we win . 
  ftfy, 
  its not a dlc , its an expansion and as already discussed in this thead you get the following :, 
   with the brand new 100 km \u00b2 south pacific island tanoa , a co-op campaign , and new vehicles , weapons , and characters at the heart of arma 3 apex , this upcoming expansion for arma 3 aims to dig into the theme of near-future combat , expand the main game 's line-up of more familiar / modern-day armaments , and introduce new vehicle classes , such as vtol aircraft and light strike vehicles . 
  its currently 20 % off for everyone . 
  alpha buyers do n't have any special priviliges . 
  i tend to throw myself on the ground when i see someone in the distance . 
  i also throw a grenade every now and then when im just trying to check whats in my pockets . 
   they have n't told us anything about this expansion yet . 
  well if you know they have n't , why are you asking ? 
   why should i pre-order it ? 
  you do n't need to .
