  as i started earlier , dedicate some of that time to projects , if you can show off what you got , then you will become a valuable c++ dev for an employer, 
  have you tried using the search function or sidebar ? 
  this question gets asked at least twice a day, 
  that would be a good start , would n't it ? 
  that is correct but that does n't mean you can go haywire with the products you use . 
  jetbrains ~ ~ community / ~ ~ student editions prohibit you from utilizing their ides to create commercial software as it 's intended for educational purposes only ( or open source creation ) . 
  but then again , who 's going to show up at your doorstep and check what ide you used to write the small app you are selling on google play, 
  look at that !, 
  thanks for clearing that up , i 'll edit my comment, 
   but kevin was easily the most neglected and poorly treated character on the show in terms of how he was developed, 
  i 'd argue that that would be toby . 
  said it here before , but i 'll say it again , toby was a poor guy bullied by his boss for unknown reasons , but he was n't too bad , he was actually funny in the earlier seasons . 
  then shortly after michael left they turned him into this unlikeable mess , reduced a well rounded character to a few traits , basically ruining toby, 
  there is a stop light at some railroad tracks down the road , if a train or two comes it can last up to 3-4 minutes for that red light to turn green , sometimes even longer . 
  when that happens i turn off my bike , not because of heat but because i want to save gas . 
  however the manual suggests to only turn off the bike if the stop is longer than a few minutes and only if the engine is already warm . 
  same goes for cars btw, 
  i do n't know , but i guess old habits die hard, 
  nope , the 7thcavalry has two modded recruiting servers . 
  one is running air cav vietnam , the other is running a plethora of mods all bundled in a steam package and a custom made insurgency-esque mission, 
  drop the weight and increase reps for a while and work your way back up or eat more . 
  [ density of air ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/density_of_air ) changes with temperature and humidity ( although the latter not currently modded in a3 , afaik ) . 
  generally speaking , the less dense a material is , the easier it is for an object to move through . 
  when air gets colder , it becomes more dense , thus its harder for an object to move through and so the object will lose more velocity over time . 
  what if i told you that / u/killallthethings is a well known member of / r/arma and has a lot of critical insight where it 's necessary . 
  in this case you are complaining about a coop campaign that you played alone and felt lonely . 
  additionally survive , adapt , win where 3 major milestones to the game , while the campaign to tanoa was more or less just a little extra , the main content of the tanoa update was the map , the factions and the inventory to the factions . 
  after all arma 3 is focusing on being a sandbox game , not a singleplayer rich experience . 
  want immersion and realism in missions ? 
  do n't want to feel alone ? 
  join a unit , participate in ops with them , they 'll be able to deliver the experience you want . 
  alright then , lets take a look at that, 
   if you read anything i wrote , none of it had to do with ` feeling alone ' . 
  did you not ? 
  because in your original thread you wrote, 
   but on this new installment , it 's just horrendous . 
  i do n't think there 's a single battle throughout that you have your squad with you . 
  it 's like cod . 
  just running in and trying to do everything on your own . 
  which sounds like you are complaining about the lack of friendly ai , which more or less translates to feeling lonely in the campaign . 
   was i asking how to get the experience i was expecting from the tanoa campaign ? 
  again , no . 
  no you were n't , but that does n't mean i ca n't express what i think . 
  / r/arma is an open subreddit , moderated by some very kind folks . 
  they decide what goes in threads and comments , not you . 
   i used to be on a special forces mil-sim unit . 
  why could n't you just say that you were in a unit , is it any important for me to know that it was `` special forces '' ? 
   fuck , did you read anything or did you just see my one comment bitching at killallthings , and decide to chime in ? 
  little bit of this , little bit of that , to be honest . 
  and lastly :, 
   the fact that he is a well known member means nothing to me . 
  he just copy and pasted bits from bis ' website , or wherever the hell it came from . 
  the post was asking people for their opinions on the tanoa campaign , not their opinion of my opinion or for them to give me information on the game that i already have . 
  welcome to reddit !, 
  when someone comments on your thread they usually want to reply to the content provided in the post . 
  when someone comments on a comment , thus creating child comments they usually want to express their opinion about what you have said in that comment . 
  specifically killallthethings responded to your criticism , which is absolutely fine . 
  if you do n't like it take your shitty attitude back to / r/gaming . 
  you come here with some criticism about the tanoa campaign , which is fine , but as soon people started disagreeing with you you became rude and kind of a dick . 
  the pipe is n't necessarily padded , that could be insulation for all we know, 
  took it directly from german , thanks for the correction, 
  look like the dash of a small aircraft, 
  here in austria the exams are the same for all bike classes , however your age and previous license may restrict you in terms of what power the bike produces . 
  getting your a1/a2/a license ( that 's the three european standardized motorcycle license classes ) consist of 4 hours classroom , then 6 hours on a parking lot practicing basic riding skills , a theory exam where you answer around 40 questions from a 150 question pool , 12 hours worth of riding with an instructor from your driver school on the road and then a practical exam which consists of three portions :, 
  * the student is being asked mechanical questions about the bike ( what are the lights on the dash , where are the fluids , how to properly take care of your chain ), 
  * a parking lot part where you are riding slalom , two wide 8 's , a controlled stop at 30km/h , an emergency stop at 50km/h and an emergency swerve around a cone at 50km/h . 
  if you passed that you are, 
  * riding the bike in traffic in front of the instructor who is sitting in a car giving you directions over radio . 
  you are required to ride for at least 20 or 40 minutes ( ca n't remember ) before you are told that you passed . 
  it 's extremely tedious , and given that you do n't fail the first try and have to take more lessons the license costs upwards of 1000 euros, 
  keep in mind that 1000 is the lower end . 
  as i said in my other comment it 's usually 1000up , the mean average is at 1200, 
  i 'd still like to know how much of it, 
  thinking of it , it may be more than 6x2 hours on the road , since your last lesson is 4 hours . 
  so it 's 5x2 and 1x4 , in total 14 hours . 
  but who cares i 'm done with it, 
  mandatory question : what does a fully loaded goldwing weigh in average ? 
  still less than a small car right ? 
  those handlebars look insanely scary , what does it feel like to ride such a bike ? 
  nothing stops you from drilling large holes in your engine . 
  live your dreams , man !, 
  that thing needs more than just a little love to get back on the road, 
   i was looking to play an fps game that is the opposite of what project argo is . 
  pretty much this . 
  i enjoy playing arma because of the huge maps , playing with dozens of players at the same time and the sandboxy-ness . 
  while i wo n't dismiss argo right away , when i want some quick 5v5 action i 'd much rather play csgo , r6 siege or even overwatch . 
   the only reason people put up with it in normal arma 3 is because 90 % of the game play is walking around or doing nothing . 
  i 'm sorry your arma experience has been this dull , maybe find your joy somewhere else . 
  like in a unit or on pub servers, 
  after the for loop , just write a while loop , i do n't see the issue ? 
  that depends on many factors . 
  the country you live in , the university you go to , what your professor 's ground rules are for the course . 
  if it 's a `` law '' you wo n't be sued over breaking it but academic consequences could always follow . 
  im not saying that 's necessarily the case but i know my university would handle it that way . 
  `` where was the army when we needed them most during the great pizza wars ? '', 
  this is your third thread about learning to code in a day . 
  have you read the faq yet ? 
  get on a good program with tons of volume . 
  if you can spare another day at the gym i recommend phul, 
   if you can spare another day at the gym ** i recommend phul ** .
