  hey , i 'm currently studying physics and computer science both in undergrad programs . 
  can i ask you a few questions about your education and work in a pm ? 
   okay before i start on this news-item , i really need to state that this is based on a vague rumor , nothing has been confirmed or denied otherwise . 
  here 's the story , some reports say polaris 10 ca n't hit 850 mhz reliably and that availability will be pushed back to october . 
  what a garbage article . 
  what kind of journalism is this ? 
  instead of reaching out to the company in question and asking if they can respond to this rumor , they just published vague information from an unreliable source . 
  gg no re, 
  you can , but not exactly inside eden . 
  you can create a mission with eden though , in which both playable units are zeus , which technically gives you the same freedom as eden . 
  you best talk to a peer in your group and what you need to know . 
  above all you should have fun though , if you 're not having fun you should drop out and find a unit that suits your needs better . 
  edit : im saying ask a peer in your group because there is no standardized arma 3 battledrill plan . 
  every group does their things a little bit different . 
  this is proving my point from [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/rocketleague/comments/4ite4w/ask_dumb_questions_newbies_welcoming_wednesday/d312bin ) comment i made yesterday . 
  i do n't believe its fair that a champion gets matched against challenger 2 and elite . 
  my thoughts exactly , though even the unranked guy played like the devil was after him . 
  he later remarked that he only recently switched to pc and that he 's grand champion on ps4 . 
  either way , i agree with you , there should be a check in place that if the highest and lowest ranks of a party are too far apart you should not be able to queue for competitive games . 
  it ruins the experience and progression for others . 
  i usually encounter smurfs when playing against premades . 
  the score is misleading , the two played us against the wall , we had no chance to begin with, 
  i already stated in this very thread a possible solution : implement a check that prevents party members to play ranked with each other if the highest and the lowest rank of the party are too far apart . 
  that would make smurfing a lot harder than it is now, 
  on github you can browser open source project by language . 
  if you select c or c++ you 'll find a ton of projects you can study . 
  none of them are particularly easy though . 
  anyone else finding the volume for this video too quiet ? 
  i have to fully crank up my speakers to even understand what you 're saying . 
  also i think a highlight reel ir anything special about that video would have been better . 
  i believe the only reason you get upvotes for this is because of the title . 
  there is just nothing interesting about this clip , its your standard run of the mill arma 3 sessions you have with your pals . 
  for german speaking folks is the title pretty witty but definitely click bait-y . 
  i dont know if or how audi markets their cars outside of their home country . 
  either way it 's the low quality stuff this sub is definitely not in need of . 
  it 's fun solo , the campaign is definitely worth it 's time and the scenarios are pretty good too . 
  player made missions are fifty/fifty , they can be good or shit . 
  arma has its strong point in multiplayer though , since commanding friendly ai can be pretty frustrating and even if you do n't command them they sometimes behave as retarded as it gets . 
  a mic is generally not an issue , you can easily play without . 
  you also do n't need a group you can play with . 
  plenty people start arma multiplayer alone and find friends on servers like koth / cti / invade and annex / ^ ^ life, 
  op said he stumbled upon this while learning . 
  this is a popular question in c/c + + courses that gives good indication if the student has understood the priority order of assignments , increments and left hand/right hand operations, 
  your advice is terrible , that 's why he just lol 'd at you . 
  a whole cheat day on which you always eat until you 're full can easily ruin your diet for a whole week . 
  stuck at the same weight for weeks ? 
  now you know why . 
  cheat days should n't exist, 
  nice , throw in a little insult at the end to signal your insecurity . 
  have a good day !, 
  if you 're with upc and you got the black modem call them and ask them if you can get the new white connect box . 
  i had the same issue and after calling upc they told me there is no apparent issue from the outside , so it must be my modem bottlenecking the connection . 
  the swap is for free , but you have to let them know that you want it . 
  same weight on both sides until you 're roughly equally strong on each arm . 
  little ot but squad is an absolute mess in my eyes , if you think arma milsimmers are bad you have n't encountered the elitists squad has to offer . 
  do n't have a mic or do n't feel like talking ? 
  enjoy being kicked from the session . 
  there is 0 casual gameplay , i understand they are going for a tactical approach but what i 've witnessed in that game ( as fun as it is ) is sometimes borderline bs, 
  are you using a custom memory allocator or any other startup parameters that are not default ? 
  i wanted to buy shares when they were at 1.61 , everyone told me it would be a waste of money since amd shares would just keep plummeting . 
  now less than 12 months later i fully regret not investing . 
  i 'll probably buy in when it 's on decline again to prep myself for the zen release . 
  unfortunate robinhood is not available in my country and trading becomes expensive and not viable below 1000 $, 
  es ist bet at home, 
  if you 're starting a text editor and compiling from the terminal should be enough . 
  if you really want an ide , you could use eclipse , xcode and a ton more . 
  i 'm sure google will yield enough results, 
  it does n't matter how much you read per day , as long as you understood everything you read and you can incorporate it into your own projects . 
  in the beginning progress will be slower but as you move along you will get faster , and you will be able to understand concepts quicker . 
  view distance is too high , but should n't be an issue . 
  what is your object draw distance , because that eats frames . 
  you do n't really need it that high . 
  i keep mine between 2500 and 3000 and it boosts my fps . 
  technically 2000 is fine as well . 
  remember that is just objects being drawn , and 2000 is even for sharpshooters a huge distance . 
  if you 're starting c++ , neither . 
  learning the concepts of the language is well enough for a beginner , do n't additionally burden yourself with learning an api, 
  he also hangs a lot around on / r/gamedev and gives useful answers and does ( regular ? ), 
  amas where people can ask him legal questions about game development, 
  good for you . 
  now go do your homework on your own, 
  [ the belt bible ] ( http://strengtheory.com/the-belt-bible/ ), 
  a raspberry pi is a one time investment that can do even more beyond hosting a reddit bot once you move to new projects . 
  i have two and i can definitely recommend the pi as a cheap server / client for various projects, 
  python , gnu c/c + + compiler and java work out of the box . 
  everything else you may need can be installed with one command over the command line . 
  the arma community is so prone to drama , i wonder if this happens in other modding communities too, 
  dual booting never hurts , you can also run any distro in a vm . 
  ubuntu is super easy to use and considered the `` easiest '' linux distro, 
  i bought a 390 in october , beast of a card but now i feel like an idiot . 
  i 'll keep it though and wo n't upgrade my gpu until vega is around , especially with that poor cpu i 'm rocking . 
  in other words : zen is life, 
  the next entry in the spunkgargleweewee franchise will probably the new cod whatever it 's called . 
  do you mean `` by hand '' ? 
  this is a 2 second google search . 
  first translate the integer to binary ( easy enough ) and then convert the binary to hex ( see google ), 
  so many posts with `` great graphics '' only showing pitch black night or nothing but silhouettes . 
  i agree it looks nice but this is n't where arma visuals shine, 
  i 'm in the gym usually no less than two but never even close to three . 
  to me the biggest time consuming exercises are heavy 5x5 's when i want to deadlift it takes some time to warm up , then get the plates , exercise , take a break , load more plates on the bar etc.
