  because spintires or warthunder do n't have ai simulation to the same extent as arma 3 , which costs the most performance, 
  unfortunately none of the work i 'd be doing is remote, 
  i habe about 4 semesters left until i am done , give or take one more . 
  i do n't really need the money , it 's more of an experience thing . 
  i do n't plan on leaving university for either job since it will be only 20 hours . 
  twice as slow is a shit ton slower , i do n't think java is as slow as you make it out to be, 
  is it worth dropping 50 bucks on it ? 
  as in : is that certification worth anything so i can attach it to my cv ? 
  as good as this list is , c++ is best learned from a good book . 
  check out the stack overflow definitive c++ book list, 
  c++ is a complex and huge language , it does n't really fit the format of an online tutorial as many times you will need to repeat sections to fully understand them . 
  it 's also a quickly changing language . 
  modern c++ looks nothing like old c++ , and both have very little in common with what is mostly taught by online tutors : `` c with classes '', 
  [ stackoverflow 's definitive c++ book guide and list has everything you need ] ( http://stackoverflow.com/questions/388242/the-definitive-c-book-guide-and-list ) . 
  this the only resource you need , pick a book based on your background and learn away, 
  haken is not german for crooked . 
  it would rather translate to hooked cross or cross with hooks, 
  when the ps3 launched with resistance i spent an absurd amount of time shooting the glass and watching it break . 
   my switch from team green to red and thought this game did n't work well amd products in general as i started out with an amd processor . 
  the game does n't give two shits what gpu you use , as long as it 's a midtier card from the last two or three generations . 
  saying the games does n't work well with amd products is just a byproduct of what this sub has been spewing over the last years . 
  the game performs not ideal on the amd fx cpu line , because they offer a worse single-thread performance than the latest intel cpu generations . 
  but saying it 's not working well on amd products is just stupid . 
  i have a fx8350 and a r9 390 , while i could have better framerates with a more modern cpu , the game is very much playable . 
  the gui stuff is a pretty big part of the book . 
  it touches on swing and i think it 's not a bad idea to at least read through it once so you 've seen the process of building a gui program . 
  but supposedly swing is out of date nowadays so it 's probably better to focus on the practices and less on the technicalities, 
  but it does n't have anything to do with the fact that it 's an amd cpu . 
  any cpu with weak single core perf runs this game like crap . 
  yes you are right but only partially . 
  the fx series is bad in single core perf but iirc an older amd will outperform the fx series , since they were more focused on ipc than course count, 
  what is the best tool out there ? 
  exactly . 
  depending on what you want , there are different mods for your needs . 
  if you 're super arcade-y and do n't like realism ace wo n't be right for you for example . 
  but someone who 's super into realism will love ace, 
  when i read the title my first assumption was that someone missed a flight and is now searching for a gym to work out in until their next flight arrives . 
  a point that most people seem to miss . 
  also they 're not made by the same developers . 
  first polaris die shots and you put them on flickr, 
  that 's true for most games . 
  fir example the refund system does n't work very well in mgsv either . 
  with the cutscenes and intros , before you can get a first glimpse of the real gameplay 3 hours have passed, 
  i 'm pretty sure the low network tickrate for overwatch was not tested by youtubers but also confirmed by the devs, 
  it 's pretty terrible on mobile and ( at least ) feels slower than other alternatives, 
  how eerie . 
  i am doing an internship currently in support and i asked last week if i could stay for 10-15 hours per week while i 'm still studying . 
  boss said that he has to think about it , should i back out before its too late ? 
   the real excitement is surely that a $ 5 computer exists . 
  unless you live outside the us , because then the pi zero costs more lke 30-40 usd making it more or as expensive as the raspberry pi 3 . 
  euroland sucks when it comes to pricing . 
  according to a trusted price-checking website there is only 1 store in the entire country which sells the pi zero , and they do it for 37 usd , 4 dollars more expensive than the raspberry pi 3 . 
  maybe i was n't looking hard enough , but the pricing on the pi is off in central europe anyway . 
  the cheapest pi model that isnt the zero was always advertised as 20 $ computer , every single pi here goes for at least twice that price . 
  i have not !, 
  i will check it out . 
   yeah , even at $ 40 , my comment stands . 
  kinda yes and no . 
  a computer capable of basic tasks for 40 bucks is still amazing price , but in my country is makes no sense to buy the zero . 
  it offers worse performance , less io for more price . 
  the only reason would be the small form factor but then in theory you could always buy a rpi 3 and de-solder all io connections . 
  i 'm not old enough to remember the 1980s but i do remember when my mum brought home her first laptop from work and it was the size of an entire suitcase . 
  i also remember cpus being measured in mhz rather than ghz . 
  but like i said even for today 's standards a 40 dollar computer is amazing , considering its memory size and speed . 
  but in this case i think it 's you missing my point . 
  in my local area ( that being central europe ) the zero is uneconomic and really not worth the price, 
  first things first . 
  stop watching the new boston . 
  he is not good and [ here is why ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/learnprogramming/comments/11ubro/28_ways_to_learn_programming/c6ppc38 ) . 
  secondly , drop any other online tutorials for c++ , they are widely regarded as a subpar foundation for your c++ journey . 
  read through the [ c++ faq of this sub ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/learnprogramming/wiki/faq_cpp ) pick up a good book and learn from there . 
  i guarantee your question will be answered on its own . 
  netcode is short for network code , the part of the source code in a game that handles outgoing and incoming network traffic without really specifying anything in particular . 
  so complaining about the net code of a game is really contextual and what it means differs from game to game . 
  though in most instances you will find that when people complain about net code it 's mostly to do with a bad or skewed multiplayer experience :, 
  engines are best updated and fixed than made from ground up . 
  itt `` arduino would be better '' . 
  there are people who built quadcopters with pi 's and before that people would say `` oh the pi is unfitting for this task '' . 
  sorry i ca n't help you op , but i 'm sure if you dig through various topics ( `` control electric motors with the pi '' , `` control servos with the pi '' , `` wireless signal io '' , etc ) you should find something . 
  maybe you 're the first one to do it ? 
  if so be sure to make a build log, 
  karts is literally the only reason why i ca n't play multiplayer with more than half a frame per second, 
  i do understand what it means , but if op already bought a pi and has a pi that he is not using and wants to dedicate it to a project then let him . 
  an alternative is only cheaper if he did n't buy anything else already . 
  i 'm unfortunately a little rusty so please do correct me if i 'm wrong but would n't op also have to null terminate the input , since it 's a c-style string ? 
  would n't std : : cout just try to read the entire length of the array , instead of just what was put into it ? 
  if you step on a rock on lemnos , will you fall through , break both legs and live for the rest of your life under said rock ? 
  what is arma about this picture ? 
  if you do n't know a programming language this is outside of your skillset . 
  not only would you need to know a language pretty well , but also the required api ( unless you intend it to write yourself , but in this case you need to have extensive network programming knowledge ) . 
  not suitable for a beginner, 
  answering the last question in bold : i see meta used a lot in the scientific world , where meta is used to describe not a thing , but itself . 
  it can be confusing but let me give you an example : in the programming world languages are used to write programs . 
  simple . 
  but to create a programming language you need a toolset , also a language . 
  so we call the language to create a language a meta-language . 
  please let the `` future '' meme die . 
  just because the game is n't set in the eighties anymore means it 's set in the future . 
  the game has assets that are primarily inspired by current weapons and gear . 
  i appreciate being mentioned in your fun facts,
