  i can see why it takes you that long, 
  i read in a comment on another sub that his parents are supposedly pretty wealthy , so maybe the 50k wo n't hurt them too much . 
  i 'm not validating his actions or saying it was plenty cool what he did . 
  all im saying is , that the real victims during his shenanigans are his parents , so hopefully they are not hurt too much by the actions of their idiotic child . 
  follow up from a previous thread : how long does it take you to perform a heavy compound lift like dls 5x5 including rest times and racking the weight on the barbell ? 
  squats , deadlifts , leg curls and calf raises are my golden 4 for a good leg day . 
  sometimes i pepper in light leg extension , barbell lunges and the like, 
  if you 're a student you can get a free version of clion , i recently started using it for a small-ish project and i really like it so far . 
  straight forward and simple to use, 
  if you 're already used to an ide there is no reason to switch , i just like clions sleek design , nice features and relatively to other ides it seems pretty light weight . 
  at the end of the day the ide you choose for your personal projects does n't matter and really comes down to taste , in theory everything gets the job done . 
  there are no programs in code blocks that you ca n't also make in visual studio , clion or plain old text editor, 
  i am certainly excited about all the new objects , but i do n't think the hype for the new map is less than a few static objects that do n't do much besides looking pretty and deflecting bullets, 
  are you sure you are looking for the correct port number as well ? 
  a friend told me to imagine the following : when doing lat pull downs try really hard to stuff your elbows into your pockets . 
  after having spent roughly 30 minutes on tanoa in various places with a short flight over the island with a hummingbird i can easily say : tanoa  altis . 
  and boy i love altis to bits, 
  i have never heard of someone owning the copyright to a quote , given that it 's correctly statesd where you got these quotes from . 
  but then again ianal, 
  is that a drone-esque apache ? 
  no it does n't , the base game has plenty weapons , granted a slight lack of vehicles but only if you compare it to arma 2 , which was mostly composed of arma 1 ported assets, 
  what the fuck is up with your colors ? 
  this looks like dslyecxi 's arma 3 tactical guide that he published in cooperation with bohemia . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  we do n't measure height in feet but if i memory serves correctly i am standing 6ft tall , so that 's good to know, 
  i 'm a little above that . 
  either way thanks . 
  i 'm getting my license in a few weeks . 
  super hyped about my first bike, 
  none that are at least decent . 
  c++ is best learned the old fashioned way with a good book . 
  c++ primer is the de facto standard for beginners . 
  stack overflow has a definitive c++ book list for various stages of knowledge , google should help you out, 
  or is it because having something explode , rendering it useless is easier for a game to model than a full blown damage system ? 
  remember that game mechanics only mimic real life situations and break them down to simpler parts . 
  if you 're banned on other servers take it to their forums with these images or just find a new server to play on entirely . 
  alternatively get in touch with the server owner , but watch your tone . 
  i see you have an issue with articulating yourself too . 
  you say you `` reminded him on the rules '' ( which you should n't do anyway , its always better to ask admins than to remind them ) but in reality you said `` i am pretty sure your own rules say that if an owner of a vehicle does n't allow you in his vehicle you need to fuck off '' which in itself has a passive aggressive tone . 
  that kind of attitude does n't defuse a bad situation , you 're just pouring more oil into the fire . 
  anyway . 
  admin abuse is not really a growing issue in the arma community . 
  some admins have a shit attitude and by a larger extend it will just drive traffic away from their server . 
  as i said , if it bothers you the ccg website ( if they have one ) is probably a better platform to discuss this matter than / r/arma . 
  and if you do n't care about the ban than just play other servers , simple as that . 
   but they might ignore me for being harsh, 
  then be straight forward , apologetic but do n't find excuses . 
  `` i 've had a shitty day '' , `` my brother was on the pc , it was n't me '' and the likes are hated by most communities . 
  tell them you got your jimmies rustled , apologize and ask for a second chance but in the same tone you should also file a complaint about the admin 's behavior , also with a nicer tone . 
  i would start on their forum . 
  if you get treated unfairly there take it to a higher instance . 
  if you find yourself banned again deem yourself lucky and start playing the vastly superior eutw cti warfare . 
  as a side note : playing music over any voice channel is in my very own opinion more cancerous than a rogue admin . 
  your music is low quality thanks to arma 's encoding and any actualy communication , which can be important for a succesfull deployment into the ao , is completely blocked . 
  eutw cti warfare is like koth but instead of one large objective in a town you have multiplce objectives scattered across a huge area . 
  there are no experience points or levels , only money . 
  you earn money by playing , taking and defending objectives and killing enemies . 
  with enough money you can buy vehicles , better gear and better weapons . 
  i enjoy it more than koth since there are no high level players that ruin the fun for new comers . 
  after one side lost all objectives a new map is loaded with new objectives and everyone starts at the same base money again . 
  who exactly defended admin abuse in here ? 
  i do n't see a single comment that does that . 
  how exactly did i defend the admins behavior ? 
   some admins have a shit attitude and by a larger extend it will just drive traffic away from their server . 
  i merely implied that if you 're gon na be snarky to someone who runs a server you can expect to be banned , mate . 
  arma servers are not public places with rights and democracy . 
  as rough as it sounds private servers ( and to an extend official servers too ) are basically dictatorships , if an admin wants to interpret his own rules differently than you , than he has every right to do so . 
  how that helps his server or his community is up for debate . 
  i think me `` defending '' the abusive admin is reading a bit more into my comment than there actually way . 
  and even if you did n't read much more into it , am i wrong ? 
  if you 're telling an admin to fuck off what do you expect to happen ? 
  it 's not always what you say , but how you say it . 
  could be swiss or german . 
  the last name that is , not the dude, 
  addendum : supposedly the server rules stated playing music over voip is fine as long as it is not in side , global and everyone agrees it 's fine . 
  the images were just screencaps of the players being snarky to the admin and vice versa, 
  because grass , unlike bushes or trees , do n't actually block line of sight . 
  if the ai is far away the 2 up 3 down method works rather well . 
  sprint for two seconds , drop on your belly and wait 3 seconds . 
  repeat until you 're in hard cover . 
  obviously this does n't work in open ground with nothing around you . 
  they might as well have left out the bit about zen . 
  that was underwhelming, 
  the amount of apex related spam in chat is really heart warming . 
  the game has its third anniversary in september yet it seems so new , fascinating so many people . 
  bi probably wo n't be telling us anything new that was n't already leaked or revealed . 
  the interesting bit will be the apex release date though !, 
  sneak preview includes all weapons , vehicles etc. 
  thank you based bohemia, 
  milsim units have usually the better moderated pve servers, 
  no worry , that is what the sub is for , am i right ? 
  that would be an idiotic decision , it would kill their cpu line unless it completely outperforms a 400 usd intel equivalent, 
  if the code has any windows specific libraries in it , then no , g + + would probably not compile it . 
  if it 's just a simple hello world with nothing in it other than the stl , then the answer is yes . 
  shown images are ingame footage with actual fps, 
  i was pretty set on getting a ktm duke 125 but i keep seeing more and more posts about 125 's being boring and dull . 
  i watched a couple reviews and especially cager on two wheels praised the bike . 
  now i am torn if i should get a 125 now or save up for a 390 . 
  see the issue is a license for a 125 costs 120 euros and the bike itself is also not too expensive . 
  the license for a 390 costs somewhere between 850 and 1000 euros which is already a fifth of what the bike costs .
