  cbr500r here , basically the same bike with different fairing . 
  it 's a fun motorcycle with an engine that , while not disappointing you , also wo n't get you in dangerous situations just by blipping the throttle . 
  it 's said to be a good `` learners bike '' . 
  for what it 's worth i guess it 's dependent on your skill, 
  ten dollars for a keychain ? 
  is it filled with gold ? 
  legit question : if this were in the us , would you even be allowed to use your gun ? 
  after all it 's not life threatenin and they are not on your ground, 
  found the american . 
  nice unbiased answer you got there, 
   in a state with ideal laws you could shoot them before that . 
  that sounds like an opinion more than a fact , i appreciate the rest of your comment though, 
  i see your point but from what i saw in the video the thief did n't use the power tool as a threat up until people got close . 
  if you were approaching him with a gun , he likely would n't have used the power tool to fight you off . 
  i guess my original question was more in terms of mowing someone down when you see them fiddling around your bike , not wielding a power tool close to your body . 
  * 3 posts in der history hat, 
  bottom line : alles orsch, 
  [ ah the old reddit riding positionaroo ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/comments/5gusaj/exit_door_disguised_as_bookcase_in_alzheimers_ward/davywne/ ), 
  not particularly hard to find . 
  i do n't have the f just the r but in day to day riding the windscreen barely makes any difference to me , though i stand rather tall with little bit above 6ft . 
  the windscreen and fairing really start to shine when you tuck in , chest on tank , elbows down . 
  if you have self control not much more than on any other bike . 
  that being said a 300 or 500 can also go plenty fast , so you can die on all of them, 
  i do n't know about the r3 but my cbr500 can go up 190 kph , which is , like i said , plenty fast . 
  the r3 shouldnt clock in at much less i imagine, 
  sick ride . 
  tell me , how hard is it not to gun down that road full throttle everytime you enter it . 
  in the grand scheme of things two months make a very minor difference , so the gains you had were probably just your body adapting to the higher stress on its joints and muscles . 
  that being said this time round , for the first handful of weeks you will find it easier to get back to where you were . 
  for the future though : try not to stop completely . 
  life can be busy but an hour of exercise twice a week can always be squeezed in somewhere , making your return to lifting a little easier, 
  you will lose your muscle but it will take some time . 
  more than a handful of weeks for sure . 
   before he could even stop his car , i took off and bounced the first 3 gears off of the redline . 
  man , i wish i was this cool ^ ^ / s, 
  tried twisting my gear switch level , did n't work . 
  you clearly should n't be riding . 
  i do take off my jacket or boots in the shower , so i do n't fully agree . 
  but bath tubs can be slippery bastards , thus i have n't taken off my helmet in the past 10 years . 
  not once . 
  10/10 advice, 
  do n't you see my flair ? 
  i do n't ride a liter bike , i can barely hit 30mph, 
  the consensus usually is that any 600cc sportbike is a little much for a beginner . 
  of course you can keep it in the low revs and do n't hit the throttle too hard , but once you are on an open road with nothing ahead of you , that will quickly go out the window . 
  obviously that 's dependent on your age , if you 've taken your license / local msf yet and your previous experience with bikes . 
  we 're ( hopefully ) all adults here , and everyone can do whatever they want , i would personally advise you though to buy a used 300-500cc sportbike like a ninja 300 or a cbr500 , get some experience and get the r6 with one or two years of riding experience under your belt . 
  not only will you be safer , you can also enjoy the bike from day 1 the way it 's meant to be ridden, 
  increase the distance to the car in front of you . 
  op panicked , panic can only be avoided when you give yourself more time to react, 
  i 'm fairly certain i would get about a million tickets per day if i were to strap those tires on my bike in a dense city, 
  they ruin pavement , hence why they are ( at least in europe ) only allowed in special areas . 
  the flight system may not be great , but this makes flying cas far more enjoyable when working with others . 
  in our unit we constantly require help from cas , since squishy infantry ca n't do much against tanks the lot, 
  the top comments seem to have most if not all information on the video , im not sure what you are asking, 
  i 'm not the guy you replied to , neither do i support the tone he has here but :, 
  you are not outside but on them, 
  i have n't watched your tutorial series so i ca n't comment on quality or style but i will say this after glancing through your covered topics : your series is now part of an endless sea of introductory courses that adds probably nothing else . 
  from the sound of it you already concluded your series so c++ wise you 're done , which means you leave your students where most newcomers struggle , the second step after nailing the basics . 
  i can appreciate that you want to teach others , but there are already so many online 101 tutorials that yours ca n't do anything to stand out . 
  the 9 ( and counting ) upvotes you got are likely from people who want to save your playlist for later but have n't actually looked at it . 
  it you truly want to go above and beyond and create an in depth meaningful tutorial that will intercept students where they struggle the most , show to dive deeper into the topic a programming language . 
  show how to set up and write projects , use apis and deploy your software . 
  we do n't need the nth million tutorial showing what everybody else already showed before . 
   in other words , i did not take the time nor effort to view any of your content but i still feel entitled to an opinion and criticism because my opinion is golden . 
  as i stated , i have n't watched them so i wo n't comment on their quality . 
  but from knowing whats on your agenda i have already a pretty well rounded opinion about your series . 
   i mention quite often that i will cover most topics in more detail in my intermediate and advanced tutorial series . 
  sweet , skip to that . 
  assume that your students know the basics of c++ , hell even programming . 
  variables , conditional statements and loops translate to all common oop languages . 
   now it 'd be a bit odd to just jump straight into intermediate and advanced . 
  no there are plenty tutorials out there covering advanced topics that assume the pretty standardized knowledge of basic c++ . 
   i appreciate your input though mate , and cheers for it , but i do have plans for all of that already , so i hope you 'll approve of my content when i am at that point . 
  you come off as fairly hostile in the beginning so im glad you can appreciate criticism . 
  i just hope that you can see that we do n't need another basics tutorial that we 've already seen plentiful . 
  on a side note , your video 2 is messed up from 4:27 towards the end . 
   you know as a general rule of thumb if you 're gon na be nitpicky you at least wan na make sure you 're not wrong . 
  honestly , you lack the attitude to teach people , from your conversations here and from your comment history i can tell that it 's really hard for you to interface with the public, 
  swapping from it support to something closer to software development . 
  that being said i love my employer and i have a great time so far, 
  i do have an ongoing cs education so i got that going for me , thanks for the kind words !, 
  krank . 
   for c++, 
  sweet !, 
   \\ #include < iostream , 
   main.c :7:20 : fatal error : iostream : no such file or directory, 
  compilation terminated . 
  no c++ then, 
  i wonder how i did n't catch that , thanks !, 
  the driving was alright , at least on the straights , but riding bikes completely turned me off . 
  its not even possible to ride the bike in a straight line thanks to the awful controls that make you aggressively steer into incoming traffic when you tap a button lightly . 
  luckily the controls for the wingsuit where on top of that , otherwise the game would have been literally unplayable, 
  pick up a framework like sfml and start making small games . 
  videos and interactive tutorials are - again - just following what someone else tells you . 
  if you begin to follow your own way , you will learn a lot more in far less time . 
   if i spent maybe 2-4 hours every day learning c++ , approximately how long do you think it would take me to get to an intermediate level ( i.e. 
  when i could honestly put on my cv that i know c++ to some degree ) ? 
  exactly 121 days , 13 hours and 8.5 seconds . 
  no , its impossible to answer , your ability on becoming employable as c++ dev depends not on the time you put into it , but on what your outcome is .
