  so you either bite the bullet and join the waiting line to the rack or you start doing dumbbell squats , though you may not be able to go as heavy with them as you would with regular squats, 
  i 've seen it over in / r/shittykickstarters the device was debunked as impossible to work but the creators still claim to have a working prototype . 
  someone else made a really good post about why the whole thing is fishy , it 's a bit lengthy but imho worth it . 
  you can read it here https://www.reddit.com/r/shittykickstarters/comments/4av9xw/triton_allows_you_to_breathe_underwater_100k_in/, 
  especially the last one are properly annoying . 
  i 've seen posts where people dump there hourlong + videos of operations with their clans with barely any highlights or commentary . 
  just because you enjoyed playing it does n't mean it 's an enjoyable experience to watch . 
   was wondering has it ever gone on sale on steam ? 
  it goes regularly on sale during the official steam sales . 
   still just got a gtx 960, 
  that is plenty , your frames are usually limited by your cpu not your gpu, 
  while you probably can get by most of the time with blue print , if you want to code in ue , you need to know c++ . 
  while i 'm not saying that c # is a simple language you can pick up in an afternoon it 's not as tough as c++ with all its quirks, 
  you could use the tutorial linked , for the other side just mirror what 's going on on the player side , track and display score and for the ai just have a paddle follow the ball path along the y axis, 
  well for one your thread is not even an hour old . 
  additionally you 're asking a very niche question that you could have answered yourself by googling , or figuring out the problem on your own . 
  learning to program does n't mean to follow tutorials step by step but going out of your way and being creative on your own, 
  are you serious ? 
  this thread is pretty much an hour old now, 
  no , but 9 people have downvoted you , so that means people saw your thread . 
  interesting threads get traction , boring ones do n't, 
  on the side as if even says how many people are browsing this sub right now . 
  just over 300, 
  wow you 're using the `` my brother did this '' excuse ? 
  have n't seen that one in a while, 
  i see you deleted your post . 
  this against this subreddit 's rules, 
   but shhh do n't mention a2 's richer content or the a3 fanbois will downvote me to hell, 
  was n't a good portion of arma 2 content just ported over from arma cwa ? 
   this includes certain well known youtuber in the community as well . 
  i wonder who you are talking about ? 
  the only guy that comes to mind was in the marines if i recall correctly . 
  tbh i have n't seen anyone waving their clan rank around , as a matter of fact this sub is pretty much as anti milsim as it is anti altis life, 
   not really . 
  there 's a large group of us who prefer playing arma as it was intended to be played , which is in private groups playing missions cooperatively . 
  actually arma was intended to be played as sandbox , with no mention of size or type of the group playing it . 
  unfortunately this is for a uni project and using any of the stl functions is out of the question . 
  we 're writing a hash table with a sorting algorithm , std : : vector would make things a little too easy, 
  op , x-post this to / r/austria so it gets more attention . 
  i am currently working out at club danube but heavily considering switchting to this gym . 
  it 's super far away but the off-peak membership tempts me . 
   future setting, 
  this one wo n't just die out . 
  what exactly is futuristic ? 
  most of the vehicles are exact replicas with different names , the weapons are replicas with slight deviations . 
  have you heard of [ baking pi ] ( https://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/projects/raspberrypi/tutorials/os/ ) ? 
  it has its disclaimer that the tutorial isnt updated for the newer raspberry pi models but with enough knowledge and the tutorial you probably can figure out how to make it work on the pi b + and so on on your own . 
  i do that sometimes , either with unflavored powder or i throw some nesquick into my banana flavored whey . 
  pros : it can make disgusting whey a little less disgusting , it can also give good whey a new taste making it even better . 
  cons : it can also taste really disgusting , if the mixture is wrong , you also add unnecessary sugar to your shake . 
  on a strict diet this might be a problem . 
  if kcal are not an issue i also highly recommend mixing your whey into fruit juice or mix some fruits and toss your whey in there, 
  fairs , i 'm an idiot . 
  thanks for the heads up i deleted my thread . 
  part of the learning experience involves going out of your way to learn stuff on your own and not being spoonfed every single bit . 
  and even if you ca n't get it to work , you should be able to grab an old pi model , possibly even used for dirt cheap . 
  so higher angle = more anterior deltoid ? 
  not my photo . 
  i am a different dude . 
  i do incline dumbbell bench once a week and always wondered the workout would change drastically if i do them at 45 degrees rather than 30, 
  you do n't need arma sync or any other program to play with mods . 
  just download the necessary files from the official mod source ( either bi forum post or armaholic ) and put the folder you downloaded ( usually starts with @ ) into your main arma 3 directory . 
  in the arma 3 launcher you dont need to make sure the mod is enabled on launch . 
  or easier : just subscribe to a mod on the steamworkshop . 
  shoot me a pm if you still have issues . 
  3-4 days ? 
  check out phul , its a 4 day program , been doing it for a handful of months now and i absolutely love it . 
   i do n't know where to put my workouts in my schedule to avoid overtraining, 
  just put them on your non pe days . 
  if you start to overtrain you will be able to notice it quickly and you can move days around . 
  i often hear from a beginner that they are afraid to overtrain , but thats like starting a new job and being too afraid to earn too much , because you 'll be knocked into a higher tax grade . 
  just start . 
  oh and also :, 
   i 'm a very skinny 16 year old male [ ... ] start working out and transform this tiny body of mine to a war machine ( exaggerating ) . 
  i already found [ ... ] - and was ready to go , [ ... ] you see - [ ... ] i 'm still a student . 
  [ ... ] ... he likes to make us sweat very hardly , very often ( calm your dirty minds ) . 
  a - what the fuck ? 
  b - cut the fluff . 
  it 's moronic monday , not tell-me-your-life-story monday, 
  define worth it ? 
  are you doing it to get in shape ? 
  obviously no . 
  want to increase stamina and take up running as a hobby ? 
  then yes . 
  on the power days you should keep close to the rep range . 
  8 reps and higher is kind of more on the hypertrophy-day side . 
  i ca n't give a definitive answer to that , since i usually spend more time in the gym than i probably need to . 
  i also sometimes superset curls and tricep extensions to be done faster , but i 'd say on average about 90 minutes, 
   can someone please give me a bodyfat estimate ? 
  i would n't because no one can give you even a rough number . 
  run a dexa scan or buy a caliper . 
  either way if you want abs you need to cut , what difference does it make if you know the number ? 
  it does n't give you a time on how long it will take to cut down, 
  this is probably from a private event and not a public server, 
  alan thrall has a good video on this , its called something about grip strength , or when to use lift straps . 
  something along those lines anyway . 
  he briefly touches on the subject you 're currently facing . 
  he recommended light weight high rep deadlifts until your imbalance is fixed . 
  afterwards continue with double overhand - , hook grip or use lift straps on the heaviest weights . 
  maybe hyper extension ?
