  but the servers fps do not determine the clients fps . 
  not if steamguard is n't active . 
  / u/neurosss make sure you change all your passwords . 
  including email, 
  when it 's about hacked accounts they are rather quick . 
  and when the pump wears off i get that dyel look again . 
  tough life, 
  do n't work out to look like someone else . 
  you could precisely follow his diet , workout and gear usage but you still wo n't look like him . 
  rather aspire to be a bigger , stronger , leaner version of yourself, 
  yeah !, 
  fuck people enjoying a game the way they want , right ? 
   first being , is arma past its glory days ? 
  absolutely not , it gets a ton of support from the devs and its about to receive a graphical polish . 
  while the game looks nice , there are certainly others out there that look better . 
  but we are not here for shiny graphics . 
   is there anyone that plays the standard game anymore ( or something close to standard ? ), 
  if buy standard game you mean without dlc , then yes . 
  the game does n't seperate dlc buyers and non dlc buyers . 
  if a friend of yours has all the dlc and you do n't you will still be able to play together in the same servers and the same missions . 
  however you can not use the dlc rifles and you may only fly as passenger in the dlc helicopters . 
  if you mean mods then also yes . 
  there a million and a half hih populated unmodded servers , ranging from pvp to roleplay . 
   should i buy the apex edition or any specific dlc ? 
  i would n't buy apex or any of the dlc right away . 
  get the base game and see how you like it . 
  if you enjoy the game and feel like supporting the developers get the dlc . 
  karts is more of a toy to play with rather than an actual useful asset , so thats up to you . 
  apex will bring a new map , ( a ) new faction ( s ) , vehicles , weapons and a whole new campaign . 
  again , check out the base game , before deciding to pull the trigger on apex . 
  further extending your idea . 
  i 'd love a heatmap that shows position of the ball , position of individual players and position of the team . 
  any pre workout you find in a store . 
  go for optimum nutrition if you want a brand . 
   just remember that most supplements are not regulated by the fda, 
  is this actually the case ? 
  here in euro land everything is regulated , especially supplements . 
  companies here have no chance of mixing drugs in your products without you knowing . 
  i dont quiete understand . 
  are you saying there is game edition for sale thats 10 bucks more and you get apex ? 
  if so that 's a steal . 
  for ios users . 
  / u/blood _ forthebloodgod / go for it, 
  i 've never seen anyone shut down the play style of someone else . 
  altis life usually gets downvoted here because of low quality shitposts . 
  ironically you see a lot of people complaining about milsimmers and how they take things too seriously , but i never see a milsimmer attack a casual group for not playing serious enough . 
  to each their own brother, 
  i appreciate your insight , thank you . 
  in your audio settings reduce the amount of volume sources , or whatever it is called . 
  that fixed the issue for me, 
  easy fix . 
  after the game ends do n't queue again right away . 
  wait until your opponent has left the lobby and then start searching, 
  you 're an inanimate fuckin ' object !, 
  you are not allowed to , only for xbone players !, 
  cover your eyes ^ / s, 
  how well does this translate to performance ? 
  does it take 40 % less time to finish a task ? 
  how did you calculate 29 % ? 
  are you saying the question i asked is terrible at best ? 
  because i think asking how theoretical numbers translate into real raw performance is reasonable . 
  yesterday i played against a semi-pro with 2.5 hours recorded on steam and 1 vac ban . 
  he was in a two stack with an expert with 200 hours rocket league . 
  they were both hitting insane aerials and the semi pro had a strong dribbling game . 
  naturally my team lost and as i called them out they began insulting me . 
  i hope the report button will also encourage reporting smurfs . 
  its hard to tell . 
  if you are a silver 3 and your friends are silver 1 i do n't see a problem to be honest . 
  however if you are somewhere in the gold area and all your friends are unranked , bronze and you enter the game full tryhard mode then it would count as smurfing . 
  this obviously only applies to ranked . 
  in unranked smurfing isnt really that much of an issue . 
  you still wo n't be matched against golds though . 
  if you are playing with two unranked you are likely to end in the better part of bronze probably . 
  i do n't mind playing against people who are better than me , but there 's a limit, 
  ~ ~ greentexting ~ ~ using meme arrows on facebook , this dude knows what 's up . 
  this is by far my favorite http://youtu.be/gq7ap5u5lns, 
  vaping itself is n't the issue , it 's the people who vape . 
  while this is a generalization and certainly does n't apply to everyone `` vapors '' often come across pretentios and will vape in places where it 's not allowed to smoke `` because it 's not smoking '' . 
  additionally ( as much as i understood the concept ) someone who vapes will try to produce a lot of steam because < reason  . 
  while it certainly does n't smell as bad as cigarette smoke it 's just as disruptive . 
  okay . 
  i know , right ? 
  it should be common knowledge by now that he earth is actually a hollow sphere and we live on the inside, 
  unfortunately this would break the laws of physics left right and center . 
  rest assured it 's illegal and you do n't want to get caught with them . 
  if you are found going across borders with illegal substances you are properly fucked . 
  if they find illegal substances in your gym bag your punishment is determined by how much gear you have with you . 
  either way they wo n't just take it away , you may go to prison for it . 
  hopping on gear is a decision that 's not only based on health dude, 
   i 'm having the same problem with the higher levels, 
  as far as i can tell , this issue exists on all skill levels . 
  i got berated for mistakes in silver 1,2 and 3, 
   he 's not going to address his photoshopped ig photos ? 
  why would he ? 
  he could confirm it and lose credibility ( `` brah is not even that huge , he manipulates his ig pictures '' ) or deny it and have people call him out as a liar . 
  plus ( and i 'm not on ig so someone correct me please ) he does n't do a ton of interfacing with his fans . 
  some games i play bad , and so do you probably , as a matter of fact all of us . 
  but my teammate being an asshole does n't help the situation , nor does it help me score . 
  he does , but since one of his knees is basically fucked he ca n't do squats or heavy exercises . 
  if you are bulking , do n't mind a little fat and you are hungry go for it .
