  as for your `` question '' , your loop doesnt go from 1-20 because it only goes from 1-10 , so what could you change to increase the number of iterations ? 
  edit : there are a plethora of more issues i spot while looking at your code . 
  the variable n or i were never initialized . 
  why do you need the array ? 
  all you want to do is, 
  for i starts at 0 , increment i each turn , repeat as long as i is less than 20, 
  if i is an even number, 
  exit for, 
  fairly popular gaming youtuber, 
  bingo , did the same on my first riding lesson as well . 
  was afraid of stalling the engine so i gave a little throttle , released the clutch a little bit more but the bike refused to move . 
  got impatient , more throttle , still not enough clutch , more throttle and suddenly the bike pulls away . 
  panic ensues and i give more throttle and less clutch , bike pulls away harder . 
  i 've been lucky that i did n't trash the bike or kill myself but this was a very tough lesson . 
  the following two hours on a bike were extremely shit , since i was constantly scared i 'd do the same mistake again, 
  get the book `` computer networking - a top down approach '' by kurose and ross , do n't buy it though , just rent it from your local library . 
  it gives an extremely in depth view on how networks work . 
  http is fairly extensively mentioned iirc . 
  stalling is better than mowing down what 's in front of you , that 's for sure . 
  / u/trpcicm sidebar worthy ? 
  yes but it does n't do much , it 's mostly optimized settings , regular updates from bi and a little bit placebo that boost your fps, 
  thats like saying you ride without tires because you are afraid in case of an accident the spokes will fly off and pierce you, 
  read the sidebar `` posting guidelines '' 01 . 
  ask questions the smart way ... '' . 
  this should give you a good indication of where to start . 
  without knowing what you have tried ( assuming you tried anything ) and without knowing what your code looks like so far this is impossible to answer . 
  this is also very dependent on the operating system you use etc. 
  no the cb500f/x/r is exactly 35 because it was tailored to be an a2 bike, 
  where do you live ? 
  here a1 and a2 are identical in material , just diffferent in outcome, 
  having a bike in the garage right now and no license . 
  it feels like an itch under your fingernail that you ca n't quite reach, 
  oi , i see you too bought a cb500 . 
  looks like our situation is oddly similar , friend . 
  this list has thenewboston right as their first entry , i doubt this list is worth anything, 
  point proven, 
  someone who lists tnb automatically discredits the rest of the list . 
  i 'd rather have a list of 5 really good programming channels than 40 mediocre ones, 
  up to the learner i suppose, 
  is your bubble sort working ? 
  because from a glance it looks like it should n't, 
  alright so here 's a good advice for programming something for the first time . 
  do something step by step and not all at once . 
  first up split your program into smaller problems . 
  then pick the one you can comfortably do and implement it , test it and if it works approach the next issue . 
  so your program consists of several issues , i will list them in increasing difficulty : printing an array of numbers , sort the array using bubblesort , reading from file , writing to file . 
  so now that you have a plan you can execute it . 
  first use the numbers from your file and just hardcode it into your program , then write the function that will print them . 
  test it . 
  does it work ? 
  good now lets go sort those numbers . 
  at the very end you can worry about reading from file and writing to file . 
  approach these as separate issues as well . 
  first make sure that your file reading works , before attempting to write . 
  the process you are currently doing is called debugging , and right now you do n't know the source of your issue , so debugging becomes difficult . 
  if you build your program the way i described you can always refer back to the last point where your program worked and what made it stop working, 
  you should be asking specific questions , then we can help you out . 
  a good tip would be to study and learn until you get stuck and then come back here and ask a question, 
  well yes and no . 
  i assume the indentation is better in your ide but your variable naming conventions should be better . 
  you comment the lines where you initialize n and i but imagine your program becomes hundreds of lines long because you keep adding features , then you will always need to scroll to where you initialized n to look up what it means . 
  a descriptive name would have been better . 
  additionally variables should n't start with ( or be ) uppercase letters . 
  i understand for all intents and purposes what you have done is fine but in terms of practicing these are my gripes with your code . 
  look up how to correctly indent code to increase readability , additionally you want more spaces between lines . 
  as for variables : conventionally in all c style languages ( java , c++ , obviously c ) variables are lowercase while classes and constants are uppercase . 
  const double pi = 3.1415 ;, 
  int radius = 0 ;, 
  void calculate_area ( ) ;, 
  / / etc, 
  set up a discord if you want to or go over to the official learnprogramming discord and ask for a channel . 
  i 'd be more interested in a youtube series though , conveniently packed into a playlist, 
  the problem i have with interactivity is that while it may increase user interaction , it definitely has it 's toll on workflow and structure . 
  waiting for questions , answering them and answering follow up questions may derive from the actual course of action . 
  i 'd personally be more interested in a structured series that i can follow from point a to point b. 
  if i am unsure about any topic covered i would still be able to ask in the discord server / channel you set up / request . 
  inexperienced rider and r1 are a dangerous mix . 
  i 'm not saying he deserved what he got , i hope he recovers from his injuries and starts riding again but there is a reason why so many people suggest starting on low bhp bikes . 
  even most euro drivers schools for the big `` a '' license will teach you on a fz 07 and not an r6, 
  yeah but bi has a very customer friendly policy when it comes to dlc . 
  is it too pricey for you ? 
  that 's fine , you can still play with your friends or on servers where the dlc is enabled and you still get limited access to it . 
  is it overpriced ? 
  maybe yes , but considering that a lot of players , like me , bought the game for dirt cheap back on alpha i did n't mind paying for it, 
  i was told when your tire rests on a hard flat surface for an extended period it might get flat spots, 
  algorithms by sedgewick seems to be the defacto standard , his classes are great and so is his book . 
  i 'd go straight to the 4th edition and just google your way through the things you do n't understand . 
  also his cousin . 
  the stars aligned for this thread to happen . 
  no way !, 
  i only enjoy arma when i go the full milsim route . 
  marching , patrolling , standing hours long with no engagement and no magazine loaded because weapons safe on base . 
  there is only one way to enjoy the game and that is the way i enjoy it, 
  try . 
  if you fail you fail if you succeed you succeed . 
  simple as, 
  pointers in itself are not , but there is more to pointers than understanding that they point to a memory address . 
  he 's also a regular on the learnprogramming discord . 
  super nice fella with lots of insight and help . 
  as much as i enjoy crash videos like everyone else , this hardly belongs in / r/motorcycles , just because a few bikers get run over .
