  can i hear some opinions on what you guys think ? 
  alright , thanks for the advice . 
  i think ill be taking my `` big '' license this year for 900 euros and save up for a duke 390 until next spring . 
  7000 euros is a ton of money but i really need a bike to commute through my town, 
  halt *, 
  or spawn it , play as uav operator , connect to it , give it waypoints and play as the gunner . 
  / u/killallthethings is probably my favorite commentator on this sub . 
  he knows a ton of shit about technology in the military and the game itself . 
  shoutout to him yo, 
  what he meant was when the turtle is retracted into its shell to protect itself . 
  the low level stuff is all c , since linus hates c++ with passion . 
  oh i know , i was simply stating the low level linux is all c . so technically saying the only time you 'll meet c++ in linux is at its lowest level is technically not correct, 
  i do n't think i want to step up from the 390 . 
  the license for that would delay me for another year , since i 'm not 24 yet and the 690 is still more costly than the 390 . 
  i need it mostly for commuting in my city and was told the 125 is god awfully slow , so i decided to step up one tier . 
  yeah i 'm from austria . 
  licenses here are really expensive moving up from a2 ( below 15kw bikes ) to a1 ( above 15kw bikes ) takes two years anyway and i 'd rather have the bike sooner than later . 
  commuting publicly really annoys me lately, 
  for multiplayer : check out king of the hull for quick access to the game . 
  eutw cti warfare has the same core principles as koth but a slower approach . 
  want friends to play with ? 
  check out the arma group listing in the sidebar . 
  for singleplayer : the campaign is still the non plus ultra in my opinion, 
  smoke grenades are useless because ai can see through smoke, 
  any helo flying that is not afm seems amateurish to me . 
  im in the same boat man . 
  i expected this to happen but friends and family around me advised against it , saying the company would plummet and fall to its death . 
  now i 'm thinking if i want to buy in now , but they might go down again , depending on the success of the 480 and zen, 
  be sure to run steam , and subsequentely all arma related programs ( launcher , game ) as admin . 
  it wo n't run great , but it will run . 
  i ca n't comment if runs better or worse than dayz . 
  give it a whirl , if it performs bad refund it on steam, 
  they already upped the engine from arma 2 and changing engine midway through such a large project comes at a high price , especially the modding scene would be displeased since it could break all mods at once . 
  and when i say comes at a high price i mean it in the most literal way . 
  bohemia is not an verily sized studio with +100 dedicated engine programmers that can knock out a new engine within a year . 
  upgrading real virtuality costs them time and assets that they can and should use to improve the game, 
  for anyone wondering how to make it out of this situation alive : / u/dslyecxi has two brilliant videos in his art of flight series on what to do when your tailrotor dies . 
  one is in arma 2 , the other arma 3 but both methods should work in both games just fine, 
  reddit has a save button, 
  you 're dropping +50 minutes of gameplay into this sub , what do you think is going to happen ? 
  make a highlight video , cut out the boring parts . 
  put a voice-over over the important parts . 
  maybe highlight parts with some on-screen drawings . 
  jesus , do anything but do n't drop 50 minutes of boring ass gameplay, 
  what do you mean by `` utilize modern hardware '' ? 
  introduce multicore ? 
  because thats not as cut and dry as you think it is . 
  and i do n't think we 'll be seeing a new engine for arma 3 for the aforementioned reasons . 
  plus , and above all that , its hardly `` killing the game '' the game is doing fine if we go off of player numbers . 
  the list is updated every now and then . 
  last change was made in april . 
  you can always pick up an older book and then read up on the new standards from c++ 11, 
  do you have a source on that ? 
  i ca n't find it on the ios store , the only official arma game they have iirc is arma tactics , which is an okay game, 
  not available in my store , that 's new, 
  the kill messages kinda kill the shot . 
  it 's a great hit , and probably something that takes some skill to pull off but the kill confirmation kinda kills the thrill . 
  not knowing if your shot landed and was successful is partially the fun about sniping in arma 3 . 
  at least for me, 
  it 's always good etiquette to read the sidebar first , when you 're new on a sub . 
   q : i 'm visiting vienna , what should i see ? 
   a : that depends on your personal tastes . 
  do you want classic art museums , churches and old buildings ? 
  bars , clubs , festivals ? 
  modern art and performance theatre ? 
  so depending on how much time you have here , where you will stay exactly , what interests you and what kind of budget you have , its impossible to answer this question, 
  great shot but the visor ruins it . 
  the reflection makes it look like the pilot is standing on the ground , be wary of such little details . 
  but i love the composition of the image, 
  shipping costs are huge , and it will exceed the cost of the bike a lot . 
  it 's not the best comparison since it 's a car im talking about but a friend but a nissan gtr in asia and had it shipped to switzerland . 
  the import costs ( tax + shipping ) were in the 10k euro area . 
  you may be able to find one abroad in a european country and ride it back but then again how are you getting your license plate to the bike ? 
  i do n't know about the uk but here you need proof of ownership for getting a license plate, 
  if a server owner / mission maker decides that his mission is better perceived without little helpers like the squad radar i think that 's totally reasonable . 
  / r/findaunit or sidebar `` looking for unit '' posts and recruiting is not allowed in this sub, 
  gg on not reading the rules on the sidebar, 
  your frame rate is highly dependent on your object draw distance and the mission you 're playing . 
  60fps is achievable but it wo n't be consistent , especially if there is a ton of stuff going on on the screen . 
  give it a try , if it does n't suit you refund, 
  has n't happened to me recently , but if you experience a bugged out building you should put a ticket on the feedback tracker so it can get fixed . 
  however due to engine limitations , collision detection with large rocks and uneven surfaces will always be a bit tricky , not only for arma 3, 
  thanks for reading my reply and as such understanding that i ca n't give you any suggestions . 
  how do i tell you to fuck off ? 
  i do n't know about american highways and their speed limits but if i break down in the middle lane here , i 'd hate to step in front of a car that 's whistling by with 100-130kph . 
  people tend break less bones at computers than on dirt bikes and moms are usually more safety concerned than dads , but i agree with your statement . 
  mine should have done the same, 
  i ranked prospect elite not challenger . 
  so the guy i played against was a whopping 15 divisions or more above me . 
  but you got a good point , maybe they will address this once the ranks have more settled in, 
  the game is not walled off by dlcs . 
  you can play with dlc owners even if you do n't have them . 
  the difference is that you wo n't be able to use the weapons and vehicles provided in the dlc . 
  you can still passively use the helicopters though . 
  apex is arma 3 first expansion . 
  it comes with a new map , a new campaign , factions , weapons and vehicles . 
  get the base game without any dlc and try it out . 
  if you lik tinge the dlc . 
  but you 're not missing out without it, 
  run memtest86 over night to be sure your memory is okay,
