  i hope that bit of information helps, 
  i have a 8350 which uses 135 if i recall that correctly + 1 hdd + 2 ssds and an optical drive ( if that even changes anything ) . 
  you should go to a doctor with any medical concerns , not reddit . 
  people here seem to give solid advice but still , do n't follow any of it . 
  wait until you had your doctors appointment and value his opinion the most . 
  we do n't know your x rays , we do n't know how your history if you ever had back related issues , we do n't know if you 've already done sports in the past , the list goes on . 
  you can always do body weight squats or if that 's too light for you try pistols . 
  either way i 'd hold off with putting weight on my shoulders without having a doc looking at it . 
  here 's how i 'd do it . 
  go to your local online market places ( i.e. 
  amazon ) and see what other people want for that card . 
  i do n't know anything specific about that update , but if you are unhappy with your temps create a custom fan curve and knock the temperatures down again . 
  glad i could help you !, 
  who is we ? 
  also not a very fitting question for out of the loop , should belong more into eli5 . 
  regardless i 'll give it a shot : i assume by `` we '' you mean the u.s. and we 'll you ca n't just invade countries and take them over . 
  even if the u.s. would want to do such an idiotic thing it would kick up a lot of dust for breaching international laws . 
  there are lots of countries in which people suffer but that does n't give any nation the right to go full warfare and knock doors down . 
  username checks out , gg op, 
  why the 970 ? 
  grab a r9 390 for around the same price with similar performance and more vram . 
  i do not mean to kick off a discussion about these two cards , there are already thousands of them on various subreddits , i 'm just putting my two cents in . 
   970s pull ahead of 390s on 1080p with a hefty overclock, 
  latest benchmarks i 've seen the 390 can be overclocked to hell and back and trades blows left and right with the 970 . 
  they 're both great cards and if someone owns a 970 , there is literally no reason to sidegrade to a 390 . 
  however if you 're buying a gpu right now in that very price bracket i think the 390 is a more solid choice . 
  as you said it performs better at higher resolutions ( which op might want to upgrade to later down the road ) and it provides 8 gigs vram . 
  some say this is not an important factor , others say it is . 
  drivers are still maturing and i highly believe the 390 is at this time the better choice . 
  this . 
  i know that my calorie / macro tracking wo n't be on spot , i suspect roughly 10 % deviation from actual values but that 's good enough for me . 
  does n't matter if i ate 3500kcal or 3150kcal as long as i have roughly an idea how much it was . 
  additionally the longer you track the more you get a feel for it , being able to count more precise . 
   good game that has a good story , would prefer a shooter, 
  spec-ops : the line . 
  it 's a little old , it does n't feature top of the line graphics or the best game mechanics , but it 's a solid shooter with a sotry that will blow you away . 
  it 's alright-ish , though do n't expect any miracles . 
  the fx8xxx series has aged well but matter of fact is its an old cpu . 
  285 is not a bad card but there 's better cards out there obviously . 
  why not the other way around ? 
  `` i wish amd would have focused on more ipc rather than throwing more cores in their cpus '' or `` i wish amd would have released a new cpu in the past 3-4 years '' . 
  it 's not bohemias fault that amd cpus get beaten ben their competition across the board . 
  kind regards , an amd cpu owner, 
  gon na call bs on this . 
  the fans are designed to run at specific rpm . 
  if you quickly wear down your fans by just using them , then your card was faulty to begin with . 
  i have a custom fan curve that kicks the cards fans into highest gear rather early and i 'm usually down 10-12 degrees from the vanilla fan curve . 
  so i 'm not entirely sure what you are on about . 
  then again i do n't mine bitcoins . 
   so i 'll be playing witcher 3 for 3-4 hours and the fans will be at 100 % ( temp stays around 75 degrees ) . 
  is this bad for the fans ? 
  should i avoid it ? 
  actually op says it right here . 
  3-4 hours , that 's nothing compared to 24/7 . 
  saying you will damage the card by letting it run at max fan speeds for a couple hours a day is just wrong . 
   just get a amd card , stick it in alongside your 980 and switch when needed, 
  while swapping gpus is rather trivial , it 's nothing i 'd do on the fly . 
  apart from the technical part , you need to boot your computer in safe mode , run ddu , reboot , download the newest drivers for the other gpu and possibly reboot again . 
  not exactly hard but rather tedious . 
  can you elaborate why you think leg extensions are to be dropped by op ? 
  i 'm not being a dick i genuinely want to know . 
  i have a bad knee and i was told by my doctor to build muscle to support my knee as good as i can . 
  i 've always had leg extensions on my workout plan , but if there is a valid reason why they are bad i 'll drop them . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  deadlifts load your quads the same way squats load your spine . 
  hence why you want as many resting days between the two as you can . 
  well , think of it this way : let 's say you 're working out on monday , tuesday and thursday due to work / school constraints or whatever . 
  if you do deadlifts on monday , your quads will be getting some of the workload as well . 
  now fast forward to tuesday . 
  your quads have not fully regenerated from their load yesterday and now you fully load them when doing squats . 
  your muscles are tired , maybe sore and they wo n't be working to their full potential . 
  so it 's better shift your leg day to thursday , so your quads can fully regenerate . 
  ultimately it also comes down to how you feel . 
  if you can do deadlifts on one day and right after squats or vice versa then i do n't see a point why you should be mixing your workout plan . 
  but for some people ( like me ) that mixture does n't really work , so i like to give my quads and lower back 2-3 days between these workouts before hitting them again . 
  i would n't necessarily agree . 
  `` coding '' is not the same as `` programming '' . 
  the latter refers to define the behavior of a machine via a given instruction set . 
  so you can program your alarm , your fridge or even your toaster if it 's supports a programmable schedule . 
  coding falls under the umbrella term `` programming '' but narrows it down to actually using a programming language . 
  at least that 's my take on it . 
  also , less weights, 
  are you in control when lowering the weight ? 
  it looks like you are dropping the bar quite early . 
  while you do n't need to go down super slow it 's a good habit to lower the weight in a controlled manner , so your muscle contracts , gets to it 's peak and expands again . 
  the last part is some extra work for the muscle you do n't want to just give away . 
  it 's part of the exercise , it aids your workout i do n't see why this would n't be important . 
  if your grip is the problem here and not actually the strength of your back i can offer you three solutions . 
  * get a stronger grip . 
  sounds obvious but you can help your grip getting stronger by getting fat grips and put them on your dumbbells when doing biceps curls . 
  after my first workout with fat grips i had sore muscles in my forearm as well , these things work wonders . 
  * get lifting straps . 
  even the best deadlifters use them . 
  i recommend strapping them on when you 're on your second to last / last set . 
  that way you can still work on your grip . 
  on your last set you can then fully utilize your back 's potential without being bottlenecked by your grip . 
  * lower your weights until your grip has strengthened sufficiently . 
  additionally i recommend drop sets . 
  so your forearm gets that little extra workout when deadlifting . 
  this is a very common practice among beginners and can be very easily google 'd .
