  barely anything , it 's now my second week . 
  i really like how the program is set up but i never feel as exhausted as i do with my old program . 
  i wanted to try sl because i was curious and i wanted to raise my compound lift weights . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  i am using his app to aid my workout . 
  my form is mostly alright . 
  it 's not the first time i am working out and i do have assistance from a friend who works as personal trainer . 
  i 've been really proud of the progress i made with ppl , mostly in the triceps and back region . 
  i was n't able to do dips at all when i started , now i can do 5x5 of them . 
  when i started i was n't able to pick up a 100kg weight at all , my deadlift is now at 130kg 5 reps. obviously all noob gains and it 's no world record i know that . 
  i just fear that my strength in certain exercises will decrease again . 
  i love the support , thanks a lot !, 
  bought the msi 390 a couple weeks back and i absolutely love it . 
  i have not , i am happy with the stock speeds . 
  it does n't really make much sense to push it 's limits , since it is more or less bottlenecked by my cpu anyway . 
  i may oc it when i switch to zen / skylake, 
   dare i say this outlook might lead you to even like these subjects ? 
  there is no fun in physics !, 
  a bit of a biased answer , do n't you think ? 
  i have thought about the same when buying my 390 , since it 's cheaper in the us , but you still have to pay for shipping and tax , that is basically unavoidable , so do n't even bother . 
  / r/arma is no marketplace, 
  ars electronica in linz, 
  i 'm in the same boat as you , but i have learned to embrace my low frames . 
  it never tanks hard below acceptable fps and as such the game is still playable for me . 
  with that being said i do n't play highly populated life / wasteland / koth servers where the situation surely is a bit more dire . 
  is there any specific reason for this ab workout ? 
  it seems a little excessive . 
  was told a couple times in this sub that leg extensions can hurt your knees pretty badly , and they should be avoided . 
  and many many more . 
  search `` leg extension '' via the search bar and you 'll find a dozen threads discussing this exact issue . 
  i ca n't and wo n't comment on your deadlift situation , but check out my other comment in this thread about leg extension and your knees . 
  in the long run they might be as bad as squats for you . 
  i mean you can disagree with a widely accepted fact , but it does n't minimize the truth that there is a lot of pressure on your knee joints when doing extensions . 
  i can see how they may be beneficial with lower weights though . 
  ultimately if op has a medical issue that prevents him from doing a certain exercise i think he 'd be better off consulting a professional , possibly a doc who can help him out . 
  i did extensions for ages . 
  i have a bad knee but that is unrelated to my workouts in the gym . 
  it did hurt every now and then on leg day but i was n't thinking too much about it . 
  then a couple weeks or possibly months back i am randomly told on this very sub that they are bad for your knee due to some sheer effect . 
  so i read into it a little further and came to the decision to cut them from my plan , for a while . 
  i thought it could n't hurt , if i miss them i can still bring them back . 
  fast forward to today and i have n't re introduced them . 
  no more knee pain , but still quad gains from regular squats . 
  truth be told i did go super heavy with the extensions on the machine , which you are not supposed to , but the fact that my knee does n't ache like a motherfucker after leg day anymore does n't make me want to bring them back, 
  have tried it , got knee pain from it , avoid it now . 
  still gains, 
  let 's completely ignore that a hummingbird is being parachuted in , right ? 
  before i stopped doing them i was in the 90-100 range at roughly 82kg bw . 
  i realize now that i was going too hard on them , but as i stated i still have gains in my quads without them , so i 'm happy as is . 
  keep a few ab workouts if you like them but there are more muscles in your body than your abs so hit them all . 
  never change a winning team, 
  you are getting downvoted for photobucket , not the content . 
   the ai spots and shoots anyone through any kind of foliage . 
  grass , treeleafs , bushes . 
  everything . 
  was n't this tested and debunked ? 
  yes , they do shoot through foliage when they assume your position to be behind it , but they ca n't actually spot you . 
  from the title it sounded like a tournament where anyone could sign up with an 8 man team and compete in a ladder style bracket against others . 
  i mean it 's still a cool event and i will watch it , but a esl like arma event sounded too good to be true . 
  superior not only in terms of gameplay but also optimization . 
  eutw cti warfare . 
  large servers but the area of operation spans over a wide portion of altis . 
  so you 'll never face the entire enemy team at once . 
  but sl does let you bench twice a week , every other week . 
  you have to find some sort of compromise for a beginner program . 
  when you hit the gym 3 days a week it 's impossible to do all major lifts at least twice a week and still stick to a reasonable time at the gym ( 45-90 minutes ), 
  pls make a thread when you start and update it after every mini workout . 
  in case the milk , the workout or the insane amounts of protein wo n't kill you . 
  one day op will deliver , but this is not the day . 
  jokes aside , if you can make a thread after the workout or tomorrow , anytime really . 
  i 'd love to read your experience with it, 
  they do n't , but most beginners can commit 3 times a week . 
  i see where you are coming from but especially with the `` big 3 '' lifts its hard to fit them in a reasonable workout plan where you work on them 2 times a week or more . 
  with sl you bench three times in two weeks and you deadlift 3 times in 2 weeks . 
  if you follow the plan precisely you will see results . 
  surely you 'd get better bench presses if you hit it 3 or even 4 times a week resulting 12 times bench press per month but that 's not the point of sl, 
  anything but lowest . 
  i did it like this : crank the settings up to everything ultra , watch your fps tank into the single digit area . 
  now tone down one setting after the other until you reach desired fps . 
  other way around works as well , start on a middle ground and work your way up . 
  arma is a very special kind of game and no settings setup will yield the same results on two different machines . 
  that 's an inaccurate expression . 
  arma 3 does n't work well on any processor that has a low single thread performance . 
  that goes for both amd and intel . 
  i believe an intel cpu from 2011 ( when fx series was released ) would n't stack up well against a current gen cpu either , but then again i have no data . 
  edit : i was proven wrong , i guess you never stop learning, 
  rip in frames , but it looks great !, 
  i like this answer because it gives op solid information to work with , however i do n't like it at the same time because it gives gives a biased view , an opinion some might say . 
  milsim units have different core values than regular arma units . 
  whether if you are into it or not does n't play much of a role . 
  saying they are `` ridiculously anal '' about calling each other sir is outright disrespectful to a large base of arma players . 
  just my two, 
  cents . 
  edit : downvoted because of an opinion . 
  reddits voting system at work, 
  i was in the ranks of one of those super serious milsim-yessir groups for the better part of two years . 
  not once has anyone dared to discredit one of our ex or current military members . 
  no one took their rank too serious and those who did were quickly shut down by people with higher ranks . 
  ultimately it boils down to taste . 
  when i joined a milsim unit i had genuine respect for those in higher ranks in our unit .
