  someone who just started programming for the first time in their life will not know what to make out of the word `` class '' in relation to oop . 
  you then go on about the jvm and the key words in the main method , again nothing that is really crucial to understand for a beginner . 
  you top it off by explaining string [ ] args . 
  whats a string ? 
  what is an array ? 
  is this a legal statemtent args [ -1 ] why not ? 
  [ 1 ] and [ 0 ] worked . 
  your tutorial has good intentions but it 's not suitable for beginners . 
  hunt ir round and monitor were most likely my favorite features . 
  the ability to peak over the crest of a hill or on the other side of a small forest for roughly 30-45 seconds was really neat . 
  i 'd die to see these two coming back . 
  it annoys me how some people break this etiquette and jump the gun with their `` join my unit '' comments . 
  is reported not to help . 
  it overrides the automatically set values , which are a ) the same or b ) better than what you put in . 
   koth but it 's one of my favourite game modes, 
  then try out eutw . 
  koth is known for bringin bad framerates because of many players and taking place primarily in towns . 
  eutw happens mostly in open fields and as such it gets you a little more fps while being practically the same gamemode, 
  the gpu is not even affected with these settings , so not sure where the 970 comes in . 
  but im running a 8350 and i have noticed no difference by raising or lowering cpu count or exthreads . 
  maybe some kind of `` developer mode '' would be a better solution . 
  be does n't check for unsigned extensions but it restricts you to singleplayer only . 
   3 mb left on that fkn steam update and it doesnt finish . 
  always the same hassle with your garbage piece of coding abortion, 
  implying the way how steam handles downloads is dependent on compiled code of the game . 
  no it 's not . 
  when the download stops it usually is because it 's busy writing to the disc . 
  you clearly do n't know what you are talking about and as such you try to defend your obviously wrong statement with insults . 
  i 'm done here . 
  do n't feed the troll . 
  the new boston is a discouraged resource, 
  it wo n't ban you straight away , so unless you are running illegitimate programs you are good to go . 
  at the very least it will ask you to stop all other programs, 
  yes , you need to go on armaholic to download them . 
  not all mod devs have accustomed to the workshop . 
  are you launching with parameters or mods in general ? 
  check out your % appdata % folder , in there there should be a arma 3 directory , back it up somewhere else just in case and delete it entirely . 
  now uninstall the game via steam and install it again . 
  also what 's your specs and the version number of your current gpu driver ? 
  i 've seen this issue myself before but never that extreme . 
  in all fairness though it seems like you are playing online and all objects around the floating one are misplaced as well ( look at the base to the right ) . 
  so rather than jumping to conclusions and saying this is the game 's fault i 'd recommend loading into the editor , going to the exact same location and reproduce this issue . 
  if it 's persistent make a ticket . 
  edit : received a downvote for suggesting to reproduce this in the editor to rule out a misplaced item by the mission maker and creating a ticket if it 's not . 
  nice, 
  because this is not vanilla arma behavior . 
  the character you are seeing has two primary weapons and one secondary , while in vanilla ( without the use of scripts or mods ) this is impossible to achieve . 
  im going off assumptions but what looks like is happening here is that the script used in the video probably slides the `` inactive '' weapon in the backpack slot and uses the [ attachto ] ( https://community.bistudio.com/wiki/attachto ) command to attach the weapon to the players back . 
  in itself a smart idea but obviously it has some design issues . 
  one being that the weapon is not perfectly attached to the body but rather floats . 
  well theoretically you can , with x-cam for example . 
  but good point , did n't think of that . 
  the issue with attaching models to other models is exactly that . 
  you have lots of clipping going on ( where the models intersect with each other rather than bouncing off each other ) when the models are too close , to battle that it 's always nicer to leave little more room for the object to move . 
  i agree it does n't look the nicest but i have yet to see a game where this issue is fully resolved . 
  as i said it 's a design choice . 
  either let it float or have it clip . 
  the author of this script went for floating . 
  fellow austrian , answer me these two : where and how much for each ? 
  1 week to wien 15 ? 
  do n't tempt me brother :d, 
  i wish this message would be displayed to first time posters . 
  regarding the 1.46 update, 
   there exists a bad crash of various display drivers . 
  it produces very little information besides a dxgi_error_device_removed message . 
  we also know it happens in some other games , but do n't deny that this update has potentially increased the frequency for arma 3 . 
  while we work on a fix , we have spotted some users who claim success by downgrading their drivers . 
  if that 's the case and you have some data to back this up i would definitely create a ticket about this issue . 
  you * might * be on to something . 
  if you open up the source code of a function are you simply able to see it or can you alter it as well ? 
  if you do so , will it automatically create a copy for you or are you running in dangerous territory by changing the source code ? 
  say i want to modify break hit result to work a little different for me . 
  is there a way to make a copy of that blueprint node and alter nothing but the copy ? 
   we need an official rollback, 
  he said , representing the opinion of the entire community / s, 
  speak for yourself . 
   we need an official rollback, 
  i do n't need one . 
  and since this thread received mostly downvotes i think most of the community agrees . 
  compared to other threads that 's nothing . 
  plus there is already a hotfix out . 
  iirc bohemia never rolled an update back and they should n't . 
  it shows that they are confident enough to fix problems within a day or two rather than reverting weeks of work . 
  the wiki has a list of online resources for java http://www.reddit.com/r/learnprogramming/wiki/online, 
  i do n't think it ever dropped below 50 % off apart from some of those special weekends where you can play it for free . 
   since it has been out for a while, 
  that 's usually a factor with other games but arma gets new updates with fixes / optimization and even new content daily on the dev branch and monthly for everyone , so while the game has been out for a while it 's far from aged . 
  i do n't think these are byte ( 255 megabyte for a mission would be awful ) but apart from this answer is correct, 
  i know ? 
  how is this relevant to my comment ? 
  i assumed it was a mission op was trying to download , my bad then . 
  c++ primer 5th edition, 
  we do n't know , in fact no one knows but bohemia . 
  right now there is no reason to pull the trigger , wait it out and see if it goes on sale . 
  iron sights are hard to master for beginners . 
  over long range engagements you need to learn more or less two things : guesstimate the range to your target and quickly adjust your aim . 
  with page up and down you can decrement and increment the zeroing of your ironsight . 
  when your target is 300m away , pop it up to 300 and aim center of mass . 
  if it 's 100 away , down to 100 and center of mass . 
  if your target is say 450 meters away but your is can only be zeroed to 300 you need to aim a little higher .
