  wait for a steam stale . 
  ca n't get more legit , any sites selling cd keys are sometimes stolen , in any way illegal and not the way to support the developer . 
  nice , i prefer good screenshots over decent videos any day of the week . 
  if you put the game on your wish list you will be notified when it goes on sale . 
  agreed , maybe bi will continue to work on the launcher . 
  i also find the way of how you set the maxmem and vram annoying . 
  hey op , were n't you the one streaming the other day when you were doing the unofficial op with the 7th cav ? 
  i believe you were flying the f/a -18 . 
  nice video man , looking forward to work with you again !, 
  try it without any ai enhancing mods . 
  personally i would n't touch the ai at all at least for the campaign , you never know how the missions work , and if the campaign was built for vanilla ai , then one should try not to interfere . 
  could mess with some triggers , etc, 
  you should yes, 
  do you have the same problem in singleplayer ? 
  what are your specs ? 
  you must be fun at parties, 
  thank you all for the hints to the project lists , i already dug into some of them and i 'll see what i can learn from all of them . 
  in all seriousness i would much rather prefer helpful answers than attempts to be funny . 
  at the end of the day everyone in this subreddit from beginner to pro is here for the same reason, 
  out of curiosity , what would be the complex answer ? 
  you , sir , are a life saver , thanks a lot !, 
  will this be region specific ? 
  netflix is yet to come in my country, 
  awesome !, 
  thank you . 
  i 've been on windows and macos all my life , the pi is my first steps into linux, 
  so im having an issue , the command, 
  weather   / path/log . txt, 
  works perfectly fine , but whenever the cronjob is supposed to run the . sh it just does n't do it . 
  i 've read somewhere on the inter webs that the . sh is supposed to have a line at the beginning , something like, 
  but what exactly is that ? 
  maybe it 's just me but i was never really forced to use the terminal on my macbook . 
  maybe once to force a restart or compile something in the very clunky fortran90 compiler, 
  the way i have file transfer set up at the moment is the following , i enabled ssh on my pi and just use filezilla using sftp . 
  would i be able to drop . class files into my pi and compile them there ? 
  or would it be better to compile everything on my desktop , transfer it to the pi and execute directly ? 
  y' know write once , run everywhere, 
  i guess it is dependant on what you want to do . 
  the following opinion might disqualify as i am still a beginner but thus far i have n't bumped into an issue where i could say `` man i really wish the pi had better specs '', 
  by default ( at least for me ) wind was disabled even on advanced options, 
  thank you for the reply , indeed i would need help , i read something about needing a special adapter to connect the pi to the breadboard and so on . 
  i do have soldering equipment but i 'm not keen on attaching anything permanently, 
  i 've got the model b, 
  i 've seen an `` infected '' mod a couple days ago i believe . 
  also there should be this project zoombie , which was supposed to be the a3 successor of dayz , no idea what happened to it . 
  you , sir , are a hero !, 
  thanks a lot for your help and more over taking time out of your day for doing this for me . 
  quick question regarding the breakout cobbler and the jumper wires . 
  is there any disadvantage to use the t cobbler over jumper wires ? 
  or to word it better , am i missing out if im using a cobbler over jumper wires ? 
  if you know it has already been asked a thousand times , why not browse through the subreddit or just search, 
  again thanks a lot , i ordered all the parts and i should have everything by the 18th . 
  adafruit unfortunately charges like 30 dollars shipping costs to my country so i had to find everything on amazon but it worked out at the end of the day . 
  stay awesome man , you just helped a beginner a lot !, 
  sethit is not the correct command anymore . 
  since arma 3 you need sethitpointdamage . 
  a list of hit points can be found here :, 
  and usage of the command here, 
  i know it says `` tkoh hitpoints '' but for the most parts such as main engine , rotor , tail rotor , etc these also count . 
  `` recently '' , well i started scripting somewhen in december , january and that 's when i noticed it . 
  sethit is as far as i know only relevant for vehicles . 
  it may have come with the first preparations for the rotorlib though a couple months back . 
  also new to pi , bought myself a model b and all the accessories to it . 
  if you do n't have a usb power supply , the needed card and other basic items ( keyboard , mouse although technically you only need these once ) as well as cables then i say go for a starter kit , but make sure it includes a cobbler cable a breadboard etc. 
  i have noticed that kits for base supplies ( sd , power supply ) are usually decently priced , while breakout kits , ( cobbler breadboard , etc ) are heavily overpriced, 
  i was thinking about a similar project , honestly the best way to power your pi would probably be a rechargeable battery that is charged by the same cable that would power your radio . 
  that way your pi can drain power independently from your cars battery, 
  does n't change the fact that i 'd go for a rechargeable battery so your pi does n't loose energy in the middle of running a program , booting or powering down . 
  same reason why you do n't just pull out the plug on your computer if you want to shut it down . 
  if you pull the plug while the machine writes files to the sd you risk of corrupting the data to an extent where you can lose work , important files and some say even damage the os to the point where you have to reinstall it . 
  i do n't do anything intense with my pi , yet i always make sure all programs i wrote are halted before turning it off . 
  when all my programs are stopped i halt the pi with `` sudo poweroff '' then i pull the plug, 
  if you are up for learning something new try jframe or java swing, 
  in your documents folder you 'll find an arma 3 folder that stores profiles , you might be able to just export that . 
  i 'm not op but still got a question , i am a physics student at the beginning of my university career but everything above our sky was always my motivation to start this branch in uni . 
  i want to redo a smilier experiment like you and i was wondering what the costs you had were and if it 's possible to do this as a person without any educational institutions or funds . 
  what are the blue markers on the right ? 
  just an idea , ping the server and depending on the results you activate a light . 
  could even use a third light for `` server is up but slow '', 
  there is a pretty cool thread somewhere on this subreddit that features a lot of project tutorials as well as entry level stuff to do , unfortunately it 's not stickied and i ca n't find it . 
  as i actually live in austria i would guess the costs do n't differ too much , 
  i was referring to it , thank you . 
  i really need to bookmark it, 
  i am no pro myself but what you * could * do is run the ping command with specific parameters , write it 's outcome to a file , read out the time = part , update the light and rinse and repeat . 
  because the entire studio , from programmers to designers , even the dayz guys will drop everything they do to work on this new mechanic . 
  one day people will learn how software development works but this is not the day . 
   far more important, 
  that is just like , your opinion dude, 
   nowhere to be seen, 
  just because * we * do n't see them , does n't mean they are not on the todo list . 
  and to be fair i do n't know what you are talking about ? 
  what fixes ? 
  gun sway has been reduced as per community request , netcode has been improved * a lot * since first stable launch and so has the overall performance of the game . 
  i went from 20 fps on ultra settings to 60-80 within the last months . 
   i am a professional software engineer, 
  any experiences from users who have been using tfr up until now so a fair comparison can be made ? 
  altis life offers role playing aspects but rp does n't come with mods , it comes from the players . 
  * features are free , content is paid *, 
  unrelated to the pi but a great book to start with java is `` head first : java '' . 
  once you get the basics look into pi4j,
