  any reason why you use an array instead of a vector ? 
  push through , try new routines , try new exercises . 
  there is no magical formula to stay motivated , it all comes down to willpower, 
  you realize that arma 3 's struggles do n't come from the operating system it 's running on , right ? 
  i believe the issue is that the original mod posts ever few months on reddit so he is still considered `` active '' and the admins wo n't take / r/amd from him . 
  also might as well stay here , another move might just hurt the community . 
  was ? 
  you can hit your calves more than once a week . 
  you can also give them higher reps than what you usually aim for , that 's the best way to build calves in my experience . 
  the card runs hotter than other cards but by no means it will run at dangerous temps . 
  however if you are unhappy with the temperatures , get msi afterburner and make yourself a custom fan curve . 
  i was able to lower load temps from 70 degrees down to 60 and a little below . 
  creatine : do n't bother with loading weeks , cycles , deloading , pauses . 
  take 5g every morning and you are good to go . 
  you can try to up it a little for a while if you feel like it to see what i does to you , but the general consensus is 5 a day . 
  that 's some pro shit right there , thanks for sharing , will try tomorrow . 
  your back is half of your upper body , you have muscles in your back supporting your spine . 
  as your front gets stronger , your back should get stronger as well . 
  i 've had back pain coming from my lower spine for a long time . 
  light back exercise and later down the road heavy weight training has helped me immensely . 
  i went from having difficulties exercising on the roman chair to now being able to deadlift my own body weight + 20 pounds . 
  my lower back pain is completely gone . 
  i do n't see a reason not to train your back the same way i do n't see reason not to train your chest , legs or arms . 
  they are part of your body and as long as there is no doctor keeping you from it , go hard on every muscle in your body . 
  have you read the sidebar ? 
  there are resources included in there on how to calculate your tdee . 
  myfitnesspal and other apps can help you controlling your macros as well , they have even built in macro tracking features telling you when you get too close to your daily ( i.e. 
  carb ) limit . 
  i 'm not quite there yet , i managed to do 90kg on my last set 5 reps for the first time but it felt amazing . 
  i ca n't wait to hit 100, 
  no there is n't , or if there is you wo n't hit that limit by accident . 
  this is pretty much it . 
  op tries to find a solution x for problem y , but in reality nothing but solution x will solve x. 
  ideally none . 
  if you just had surgery give yourself a rest . 
  pain is a warning signal that you should not ignore . 
  ask the staff at your gym, 
  how are we supposed to know then ? 
  the long bars for squats and deadlifts in my gym weigh 10 kg , the smaller ones for preacher curls weigh roughly 5 kg . 
  check with your doctor if working out is okay or if you should watch anything . 
  in general any chest related exercises will make your chest bigger . 
  nothing in particular . 
  you might as well ask how to exercise the upper half of your calves . 
  look at pictures on google how the pectoral muscle is built , exercises can put more stress on the upper and lower half of your chest but you will not be able to isolate either . 
  check the wiki for chest related exercise and get lifting if you got green light from your doc . 
  depends . 
  sometimes you will feel it immediately , sometimes it will come creeping . 
  make sure someone checks your form . 
  who says you need to do squats with your own body weight . 
  if you ca n't pull them off properly try three quarters of your weight . 
  work your way up or down from there depending on your form . 
  i advise to stay away from the smith machine as much as you can . 
  proper squats will beat every single machine in terms of progress . 
  oh right . 
  i thought he meant his own body weight on the barbell . 
  abs wo n't get you bigger . 
  push ups wo n't get you bigger . 
  what gets you bigger is working out your entire body with proper nutrition on a caloric surplus . 
  to add to this discussion . 
  i was actually just claiming that push ups wo n't make op bigger . 
  they might have an impact on his chest and triceps depending on already existent strength , but op wo n't become a big and bulky dude from just doing push ups . 
  if you want to look big you need to work on every inch of your body , not just your chest and tris . 
  that 's all i implied with my original response, 
  myfitnesspal has a great feature where you input your current weight , input your desired weight , input how much weight you 'd like to gain per week and it will calculate everything else for you . 
  op should have been clearer . 
  `` bigger '' in my book means all around more muscular , if op just mean his chest , then of course he will see gains to a certain extent if he has a very weak chest . 
  verify game cache . 
  fixed it for me, 
  in your post you did n't say anything about changing it though . 
  probably gema at it again , try vpn . 
  do n't use hola !, 
  if you are not a premium user hola will use you as exit node as well . 
  meaning any traffic can go though your connection and show up as your activity . 
  get rid of it asap and use zen instead . 
  unfortunately the genre of survival has been so over saturated that there is no really a need for another survival game / mod . 
  i believe the downfall started with dayz going mainstream , from there on out we saw the birth of so many mods and games that all have the same core game mechanic . 
  nice idea but i see no audience for it . 
  but if you want to learn modding this could be a cool project to start . 
  fps does not equal fps though . 
  the games you mentioned have vastly different striking points . 
  deus ex is completely different from quake or golden eye , while the survival genre has brought nothing new to the table . 
  you have your hunger system , possibly crafting , building and hunting for loot , pve and pvp . 
  the only difference between the `` major '' survival titles is just emphasis on different game mechanics and a different underlying engine which results in different looks . 
  but ultimately it boils down to the same stuff . 
  ** in my opinion ** dayz does play very similar if not the same as rust , breaking point and unturned . 
  and so far we 've established noting but a wasteland derivative with new models for this mad max arma mod . 
  i see where you coming from and i love the idea of a properly executed survival game , maybe the future will bring us something new . 
  have you tried letting ai drive in convoys ? 
  it 's absolutely horrible , their pathfinding is not really ideal tbh . 
  hat er unrecht ? 
  super comeback !, 
  does this happen in oa ? 
  did you run oa at least once without dayz , after reinstalling them ? 
  i do n't think you understood what i am asking . 
  after reinstalling oa and dayz , did you launch oa at least once ? 
  im on mobile and ca n't provide any links right now but here 's the tl ; dr. 
  version of it . 
  kai said that he was banned from olympia 2015 but no judges or event managers were involved in the ban . 
  apparently the ban prevented him from even going on the olympia area , where the event was held . 
  a little later a interview from an official was made in which was stated that kai was never banned from o , he simply did n't sign the contract every competitor need to sign .
