  you maybe wo n't increase your strength this time or next time but in the long run you will . 
  strength training is all about persistence , just keep doing what sl suggests . 
  on a different note , i swapped from sl to phul since it 's more physique and strength balanced than sl . 
  check it out if you like, 
  its not about the routine you follow but all about your diet . 
  you could workout day in and day out , if you eat more than you burn you 're still not gon na lose any fat . 
  read the sidebar !, 
  define your goals , fix your diet and add exercise in that order . 
  i 'm looking for a laptop in the 300-400 dollar range which i can use for uni . 
  it does n't need an os since i will install ubuntu anyway . 
  preferably ssd but not sure if that 's in the budget , any suggestions ? 
  if you speak german team andro is literally the pinnacle of bodybuilding related content . 
  he does sell his routines on his website . 
   1 set , reps until failure of push-ups , sit ups , biceps curls with a 4kg dumbbell ( i 'm trying to buy new heavier ones ) , and leg raises, 
  i do n't want to be mean but this workout routine is garbage . 
  sit-ups are terrible on their own but you have no exercises for your back upper or lower , and while you do train biceps isolated you do n't train your triceps . 
  also no leg workout apart from sprinting ? 
  whats that good for ? 
  your rest times should be your least concern . 
  if you do n't want to sign up for a gym thats understandable , check out / r/bodyweightfitness if you want to sign up to a gym check out the links in the sidebar . 
  super danke !, 
  burnout paradise i believe, 
   23 euros of dlc for what ? 1 map and some veichles/weapons ? 
  and a new coop campaign and you got to consider that they also release the platforum updates for free to everyone . 
  but no one forces you to buy the dlc, 
   when for free mods we can get tons of them ? 
  last i checked not a single mod of a vehicle or weapon was as nicely done and polished as any vanilla vehicle or weapon . 
  maps are even worse . 
  do n't get me wrong i love the maps the community makes but in terms of quality they are shit compared to altis . 
   well , i played altis few times , since pvp mode on that map require at least over 70 players, 
  what ? 
  who plays this game across the entire map ? 
  i get the feeling you dont play arma 3 a lot . 
  you can even play pvp with only 2 players if the area is small enough . 
   i like a lot chernarus , also the map run smooth as butter bet there are a lot of goods map like esseker, 
  yes and they are both nowhere near the size or fidelity of altis, 
   i will not until price discount . 
  currently discounted 20 % off, 
  look you said `` pvp mode on altos requires at least 70 players '' . 
  this is just not correct . 
  pvp requires at least two players per definition . 
  you realize that exile and ws are not the only means to play arma 3 in pvp right ? 
  apart from shitty life servers , wasteland and other survival-esque types no one utilizes the entire map . 
  also please stop insulting me as i have not insulted you . 
  if you really believe that you need +70 players to play arma pvp you are delusional at best . 
  if you know the difference between pvp and wasteland then utilize the correct terms . 
  do n't say stupid shit like `` pvp requires at least 70 players '' when in reality you mean something completely different, 
  not really the definition of harassment either , thanks for the downvote brother . 
  funny , because i feel like you 're the wall . 
  you ignored most of my points brought up and the only thing you hold tightly on was the pvp = wasteland argument . 
  nicely done !, 
  it was the expansion for arma 2 not the dlc, 
  yeah but bi has a specific nomenclature for these things . 
  dlcs only add assets while expansions bring a whole new layer of gameplay . 
  new maps , new factions , assets , a campaign etc, 
  check out / r/findaunit or units.arma3.com ( official units page from arma 3 ), 
  my unit runs ops friday through sunday , although we regularly run fun nights throughout the entire week , classes and courses are run during the week as well . 
  if you 're interested shoot me a pm, 
  i do n't think so . 
  melee combat is n't really a thing in the arma engine, 
  it 's not an exploit if both teams can do it, 
  genuine question : how is this not breaking subreddit rules ? 
  edit : downvoted for asking a question , someone is salty, 
  was n't really asked for though ? 
  the purpose of this rule is to keep recruitment out of / r/arma period . 
  otherwise the rule would state `` do not create threads to advertise your clan '' . 
  imagine the rule would only include threads , every single thread would be filled with `` join the 5th meu / 12th cavalry / 16th socom / 69th mofo '' . 
  if you feel like the person would be a good fit for your group then send them a pm , but publicly stating that your group is looking for new recruits and then linking your website is not even borderline recruiting . 
  that 's plain old advertisement so even more people see the message , hence why i asked how this is n't breaking rules in the first place, 
  i assume by adjusting their medication to their hormone levels , if thats necessary at all . 
   should i be doing the singleplayer and showcases before even thinking about multiplayer ? 
  no , or at least you do n't need to . 
  though the campaign is a great way to get a feeling for the game , it 's pace and how to play it . 
  additionally the campaign is really great ( in terms of arma campaigns ) . 
  i highly recommend playing at least the first `` episode '' of the campaign to see where you are at . 
   also should i be preordering apex ? 
  only you can answer that question . 
  if you are willing to drop the money for the extra content sure , but none of us know how content rich apex is , so currently its a hit or miss . 
   is there a noob friendly set of servers or mods ? 
  i do n't want to screw up any ones immersion by being the guy who does n't know whats going on . 
  i would n't really worry about that . 
  as others said koth or cti warfare are casual drop in-drop out gamemodes . 
  if you want the full on experience join a unit . 
  try / r/findaunit or [ arma 3 's official group listing ] ( https://units.arma3.com/ ) to join a unit ( arma groups are usually not referred to as clans ) . 
  i am speaking only for myself here but in my opinion a unit is where its at , the pinnacle of your arma experience . 
  here you have the most immersive , group orientated and friendly gameplay . 
  groups usually range from casual gameplay to military simulator ( milsim ) that each take the game up in their own way . 
  from the rules, 
   unit recruitment/advertisement posts are not allowed here and will be removed . 
  are you sure its not % appdata % / local ? 
  edit : seems to be in both, 
  to add to that : the raspberry pi 's default operating system is also shipped with scratch , a visual programming language that allows even children to learn the basics of programming thus teaching a very important skill in today 's world at young age, 
  am part of a milsim unit and while it 's true that we tend to have a high drop out rate of new recruits there is still a fair share sticking around , i also do n't know the drop out rate from non-milsim groups so i ca n't really compare, 
  this is probably one of my favorite tvt moments . 
  spotting the enemy for the first time and not knowing if they saw you , not knowing whether you should engage now and risk being spotted or just hold out and risk being suppressed . 
  not only fps issues but also balancing the difficulty makes an untrained zeus terrible . 
  i hate game operators that spawn literally platoons of infantry right around a corner just to fuck with you a little more . 
  i get that zeus is a tool to adjust the gameplay experience while its shifting but you should ensure that all enemy forces still have a fair approach vector . 
  pretend like you know as much as the enemy , when zeus ` ing , not as much as friendly forces, 
  there was a dude on reddit who asked people to suggest him food he would then rate .
