  by going to the gym . 
  i go to the gym mostly on my own . 
  if there is no one there to spot me i choose less weight or i use a machine that hits the same muscle . 
  if you are afraid to hurt yourself ask the gym staff to help you . 
  lifting weights is no magic , everyone can do it its all about motivation . 
  have you tried googling the machine name / company / brand ? 
  its hard to tell how heavy the thing is . 
  could be 5kg , could be 10 . 
  i had a 3 day split where i only hit one muscle group once per week , the issue was i could n't get any further and stalled pretty hard . 
  swapped to sl 5x5 for roughly two months but did n't like how certain muscle groups or exercises were left out in comparison to squats . 
  swapped program again , now on phul , first month done , just started my second month and i absolutely love it . 
  i can increase weight by small increments almost every week and the mix of high reps low weights and high weights low reps feels very refreshing . 
  give it a try , i wholeheartedly recommend it . 
  if you want to spend more time at the gym check out phat . 
  as opposed to the 4 day phul its a 5 day program . 
  how much gym experience do you have ? 
  if you are willing to hop on gear you should have at least the basics of exercising down . 
  that 's my favorite part about this sub , the / r/fitness hipocrisy . 
  `` sheesh you 're a noob go back to fittit . 
  sure is full of noobs and idiots in there . '', 
  it 's slowly starting to get better but for more than a couple weeks this sub was just '' < insert famous bb name here  's insane physique / looks absolutely shredded '' . 
  please be more of an asshole when people are trying to help you . 
  where do you live and when was this ? 
  this is illegal according to eu customer protection laws . 
  sl 5x5 is a good program for beginners because it helps building a solid foundation you can work off of . 
  most first-time-gym-goers have a weak core and weak legs , sl 5x5 alleviates that by hitting legs and more importantly your core practically every single exercise , apart from bench pressing . 
  with that being said it 's not super ideal when you beyond your basics . 
  if you are already experienced and you 've worked out before and you are happy with your main compound lifts there is * imho * no reason to switch to sl 5x5 . 
  while its a good starting point it notoriously neglects other exercises that are as important as compound lifts . 
  ( side note : it has every reason to neglect those exercises , its good not to overwhelm a beginner with a ton of different movements and rep/set counts ) . 
  i did sl 5x5 for a little but at the end of the day i felt like i was hitting my legs far too often on a monthly basis compared to other muscle groups in my body . 
  i switched to something that 's more evened out and exercising is far better for me now . 
  bottom line : if you are happy with your routine then stick with it . 
  `` failure is part of the game . '', 
  repeat with the same weight next time and if you fail again you can repeat with the same weight the time after that . 
  eventually you will break through it . 
  when you hit constant failure switch to something else . 
  lower the weight even more and go for high reps. 
  you ca n't let your ego get in your way . 
  i had a similar issue when i had to drop a full 30 kg off my deadlift . 
  i was n't hitting my rep range and i was rounding my lower back to hell . 
  took me weeks to simply accept that i ca n't deadlift what i thought i could and went back to the basics . 
  deload weeks are also supposed to be super helpful . 
  14 up at 89 % for an hourlong video with no commentary that would usually get downvoted to hell ? 
  sure smells like forged votes in here . 
  what ??? 
  putting drugs into my body that were n't prescribed will do damage in the long run ? 
  no way !, 
  leg press with one leg , 12 reps each leg , is definitely the worst for me as well . 
  especially when i barely finish the last rep with the first leg and i know i have to do the same shit with the other one . 
  even more annoying when i ca n't do the same amount of reps with the second leg . 
  should i just stop with the stronger leg when i hit the amount of reps i 've done with the weaker leg ? 
  thanks for the advice !, 
   not sure where to post, 
  the feedback tracker would be a good start . 
  no it 's not primer plus . 
  it 's just c++ primer , forget what the other guy said, 
  this subreddit or an online forum focusing on your language . 
  thenewboston is a discouraged resource as of this subreddits wiki / faq . 
  i would n't recommend him myself either, 
  he is known for talking shallow about features of a language , rather than giving an in depth explanation . 
  i have n't watched his videos in a while but a good example for his bad teaching style is his introduction to objects in java . 
  he gives his variables , classes and object instances arbitrary names making it seem like its not an important thing what you name them . 
  if you already know a language but its been a while since you 've worked in it his videos are good to `` find back into it '' . 
  or at the very least to give you a brief introduction to the syntax of a language , but thats about it . 
   do n't know why my post was given 3 down votes , but anyway . 
  because you sound like a bot trying to advertise an app, 
  this . 
  translating can be tedious , if it 's a sentence or two i 'd do it . 
  if we 're taking two pages nah, 
  yes but make sure you come off your creatine cycle after 8 weeks ^ / s, 
  for a beginner that 's not a lot . 
  considering the number one recommended routine for starters is sl 5x5 and that includes 3x a week squatting and 2x deadlifting every other week . 
  a month is n't enough for anything . 
  if you want to see your body changing you have to dedicate more time than that . 
  i do n't have any studies on hand but i remember reading that the fatal dose is 10g . 
  while i would n't take 600mg day in and day out it does n't really matter on workout days . 
  just be sure you have enough water intake . 
  i am not sure what your question is ? 
  edit : scha\u00df was red ' ich . 
  but you can already queue !, 
  use the steam browser . 
  if the server is full just tick the box that lets you autoconnect when a spot is open . 
  i do n't get why so few people use the steam browser when it 's a million times better . 
  arma 2 was supported for ages as well , it 's how bohemia operates . 
  they do n't like punching one title out after the other with minimal changes , they rather focus on releasing a title when it 's ready and add content , polish the game down the road . 
  the model is accepted and very much liked by the community . 
  fair enough , i did n't know that, 
  and the amount of simulation bf4 and arma 3 have to do is completely comparable right ? 
  ballistics , ai calculations , weather etc etc. 
  because most people are idiots . 
  want to get a good headache ? 
  go to the arma 3 facebook page and read the comments under any post . 
  it 's not as easy as ticking the `` use multicore '' box in the ide they use . 
  also ballistics are calculated differently than in bf4 and weather of course . 
  it boils down to more than just a few factors . 
  also i believe dice has a little bit more founding for bf than bi for arma, 
  he did however say he solders cpus , which in itself makes everyone else question how much he really knows about tech . 
  i do n't know why he says sorry . 
  on one side i understand him but on the other he praises the arma community for its ability to create and share content but by the same token he does n't release any of his uber mods and scripts to the public .
