  and i 'm not talking massively higher , a few millimeters to hit center of mass again . 
  watch where the bullet splashes and adjust accordingly . 
  especially in ironsights over long range engagements : do n't use full auto . 
  semi auto is your best friend , pick your target , hold your breath , pull the trigger . 
  watch where the bullet lands and adjust accordingly if it was no hit . 
  i highly recommend using the training material the game provides . 
  as cheesy as it sounds , you wo n't become perfect at using is over the next couple minutes . 
  it takes a little bit of experience and exercise to pull them off , but i guarantee you that they are much more satisfying than a kill with a thermal scope that automatically displays the range . 
  that 's an opinion at best . 
  i like the iron sights of all weapons , they have their pros and cons . 
  i live in central europe and the lowest price for the 980 ti i 've seen here was 760 $ on amazon . 
  our largest electronic retailer sells it for 860 $ . 
  the thing is with us imports that even when you are ordering them for 680 $ they put a huge price tag on it for shipping and import fees for around 160 $ in total , which makes total cost of the card again somewhere in the +800 $ area . 
  i 've read in an article back a week or two that the 980 ti will cost averagely 200 dollars more in the entirety of europe than in the us . 
  so that means there is unfortunately no way at this time to get the card below 760 $ , at least none that i know of . 
  i 'm not sure if this is still accurate but due to the nature of the memory cells in a ssd they have a limited life cycle , meaning after a certain amount of writes to your ssd the cells will wear out and die off ( that 's a lot of cycles though so do n't worry about wearing them out by accident ) . 
  when a ssd wants to overwrite a certain cell it ca n't just write into it , it needs to erase what was in the memory cell and then can write into it . 
  when defragging there is a lot of reading , and overwriting going on . 
  while not very harmful for a hdd it basically `` grinds '' the ssds memory cells , and while they probably wo n't be damaged on the first defrag run , it surely will show damages down the road if you do it often . 
  actually bootcamp was a platform update iirc . 
  i do n't know if it will drop further or go on flash sale , but you really have nothing to lose if you wait . 
  if you 're tight on money then wait it out , if you are n't then the few extra pounds are n't gon na make that big of a difference imho . 
  i 'd wait though, 
  i never said that it wo n't go on flash sale , i said i do n't know if it will . 
  i know for a fact that this was an issue on the first generations of solid state drives , however i keep hearing and reading that this was more or less resolved on the newer generations , because the memory cells are more sturdy . 
  i do n't know how many cycles it 's going to be at the end of the day , it probably varies between manufactures and quality of the drives . 
  how much ram do you have and what gpu ? 
  i know it 's satire but it 's said multiple times and even confirmed by a dev in this subreddit that the ai is not able to see through foliage and vegetation . 
  if they assume your position behind some foliage they will shoot through it , but that just means you need to move . 
   i would argue `` loyal '' fans that support bi already own the dlc . 
  their dlc model is fantastic, 
  / thread, 
  the new island is part of the expansion . 
  the expansion will be the same as what operation arrowhead was to arma 2 ( roughly / more or less ) . 
  so the expansion wo n't be free . 
  time will tell how non-buyers will be able to interact with buyers of it . 
  ( for example the island might be free but you will be restricted to the old factions , if there are any new . ), 
  your operating system is not tied to your motherboard . 
  it is installed and lives on your hard drive . 
  swapping them should pose no bigger issues , however / r/arma is not the ideal sub for these questions . 
  try / r/techsupport, 
  saves are iirc stored in your % appdata % folder , have a look there . 
  i hate to be that guy , but there is reason why bi discourages to buy the game anywhere else than steam or their own store . 
  in this case you do n't even get tech support from bi . 
  no worries , yes your motherboard only stores your bios , everything else is stored on hard drives or ssds, 
  this is bad advice . 
  standard opinion is that if your goal is to learn c++ then you should start with c++ . 
  that is highly opinionated and i do n't think there will be many experienced programmers agreeing with you on that one . 
  if you ca n't find anyone here try giving / r/voiceacting a shot, 
  c++ primer 5th edition, 
  to be exact it 's not the units name , it is the units description . 
  name refers to something else in this context . 
  hands off primer plus !, 
  it has nothing to do with primer and has generally a bad reputation . 
  they use the good name of primer to market their shitty product . 
  primer 5th edition is what you want and nothin else . 
  no , of course not . 
  content is paid , features are free , that 's how it 's always been . 
  pretty much yes , i never understood why people make such a fuss about the dlc model . 
  i had to learn little bits of fortran 90 for a physics course . 
  i believe i still have my profs script somewhere on my hard drive . 
  it 's written in english and probably not the best resource out there , but if you want it shoot me a pm and i see if i can dig it up . 
  mostly butthurt people , which is n't a technical limitation, 
  bearing works fine for battle buddies and fire teams . 
  squads and platoons should rely on target reference points . 
   should i refund ? 
  that 's a question no one can answer for you . 
  if you feel like you have been ripped off by what the game promised then yes sure . 
  though with that being said arma 3 performance threads are all over this sub , so a little bit of research would have saved you the hassle . 
  unfounded negativity as well . 
  kinda ironic that this post gets 400 upvotes for basically claiming bullshit . 
  light hearted or not it is misinforming players of what is actually going on . 
  it has nothing to do with the number of cores you throw at the game . 
  the winning term here is instructions per ( clock ) cycle , of which intel has generally more . 
  with that being said i have an amd 8 core myself and the game runs fine . 
  it could be better , yes , but it 's far from unplayable . 
  that depends . 
  in singleplayer i usually clock in between 45 and 50 . 
  multiplayer 30-40 . 
  though that varies from server to server . 
  i 've played on servers where i 'm stuck at twenty , then i 've been to servers where i can even exceed the 40 fps i usually get . 
  i 'm currently running a gtx 660 ti, 
  if you want to learn programming go over / r/learnprogramming and check out their faq / wiki, 
   i see no way of looting carrier or armour packs , even though you can store items in them . 
  is there a way of doing so ? 
  what do you mean by carrier packs ? 
  backpacks ? 
  you ca n't store them in your inventory . 
  otherwise you would have infinite space . 
  backpacks go on your back , carrier plates on your chest and thats it . 
   also , why is it in the campaign i can get 60 + fps while in the mp i can barely get 25fps ? 
  pick a different server . 
  what gamemode are you playing ? 
  are you trying to lock on the strider 's marker when you are playing ad independent ? 
  i 'm asking because if you try to lock on the strider 's laser as blufor or opfor i think it wo n't work . 
  two things : all low settings are worse for your performance than mid range to high settings , try amping them up a bit . 
  secondly , what and how you upgrade depends on your budget . 
  keep in mind that buying a new cpu also comes with a new motherboard and possibly a new cpu cooler , all of that can ramp up the price rather quickly . 
  if you want considerable higher fps there is no way around an intel cpu , since they perform with more instructions per cycle . 
  intel cpus do n't fit on amd sockets and vice versa .
