  two things . 
  first , the post simply said `` if anyone ever tries to mess with you '' . 
  no one ever said anything about breaking in or self defense . 
  obviously any measurement to keep yourself safe when you are being threatened is fair game . 
  which leads me to my second point : the post says `` after you kicked their ass '' . 
  so that means even after you beat them , you are supposed to smash their head in ? 
  even in a self defense scenario this would n't fly . 
  much less in a scenario where they simply `` messed with you '' . 
  maybe , but what was meant is debatable . 
  ranges from a stupid little prank to rape , so any discussion about what was meant is pointless, 
  the intruder is still a human being with feelings and family . 
  defend yourself but do n't become a murderer for the sake of using your baseball bat . 
  note that valgrind will use a lot of memory and make the program run slower . 
  so running your application on valgrind will not yield good results in terms of performance or memory usage, 
  you do n't seem to have a whole lot . 
  start with reading a string from the user and displaying the correct number of dashes, 
  if you have no tv or radio , you do n't have to pay . 
  now if you do n't use it , that 's a different story, 
  a loop ends , when the condition is met , or the program encounters the keyword ` break ` anything else is not a graceful exit, 
  yes you can do it without a boolean operator . 
  the evaluation if a number is a prime number is n't longer than one line . 
  give it a try, 
  what was the most challenging part of the development of ryzen ? 
  follow up , what have you learned from the development of the fx series ? 
  i moved from sl 5x5 to phul after 4-5 months and i noticed an immediate incline in all my lifts . 
  just know that phul has an incredibly high volume and you need to eat a lot to be successful, 
  not only did you use a global variable , you also used a pointer and the std namespace . 
  that 's 3 glaring issues in 16 lines of code . 
  i got mixed feelings on modular helmets . 
  they seem super practical and being able to open more than your visor at a stop light in summer sure must be great . 
  however not too long ago i witnessed an accident where a motorcycle rider was going +60 mph on the highway with his chinguard open . 
  he rear ended a car that he tried to overtake on the right hand side and broke his nose , and by the looks of it a few other bones in his face . 
  i guess you have to be smart about it and leave the chinguard down when riding but at least i would have this `` what harm can it do if i leave it open once '' - mentality . 
  anyway , if you enjoy your gear , more power to you, 
  m e t a, 
  tough statement with no bike in your flair, 
  i 've been a regular visitor of / r/arma for a really long time , but with the css update before this one the sub became ( at least on a mobile browser which is the majority of time i spend reddit on ) entirely unusable . 
  i searched for the issues i was having in case anyone else had them but alas i seemed to be the only one . 
  with the new look and design / r/arma is finally usable for me again , so i 'm looking forward to spend more time on here . 
  while it certainly was n't the goal of your visual update this really makes me happy , so thank you !, 
  i know , / r/hoggit has the same issue . 
  but i ca n't get around to use any mobile apps . 
  i tried two of them i believe but they were n't half as good as just using a browser, 
  an unwritten rule is `` do n't ask for gifts '' . 
  imagine this would be allowed , every post would be `` im so poor , can someone gift me arma '', 
  mate you are not even a member on this community . 
  your first post on here is this very thread and your last post is a month old now . 
  doing phul i have 2 exercises for chest , 2 for the back , 1 for shoulders and 1 for bi - tricep respectively . 
  that 's the upper body days . 
  lower body is about the same amount . 
  after all i feel like the amount of exercises does n't matter but hitting every muscle group at least once a week together with a high volume, 
  it 's like on youtube when people post `` i did n't know that liking a comment makes a sound '', 
  it happened for me when there was too many sound sources . 
  try to reduce them and increment as you go, 
  i understand the atgatt mentality , i wear my gear all the time but let people do what they want to do . 
  that being said , i 'd buy a deadpool motorcycle jacket in an instant, 
  i love the bike and would n't miss a chance if i could test ride one , but damn that is one ugly rear, 
  this would totally be me , if my bike was more powerful ... and i was n't such a bitch, 
  there 's ton of different squat motions but they all target slightly different muscle groups . 
  there are zercher squats , hack squats , highbar , lowbar , front squats , dumbbell and possibly a few more . 
  maybe post a form check so people can see what you are doing wrong , because your chest really should n't hurt, 
  start with the bar . 
  alan thrall 's advice is great and i follow it too but it takes practice . 
  on some days i need to stretch my wrists as well in order to get the flexibility needed, 
  for what it 's worth : i try to rest the bar on my delts with my index and middle finger between bar and delt . 
  if my fingers snap out during the set it 's impossible to get them back under and i just squat with pure balancing the bar and nothing that holds it in place . 
  that means that the bar can roll back and press against my throat but it will never roll out front and drop , which at least means i can finish the set . 
  like i said it 's just practice , i really like front squats and they are a good addition to my leg routine, 
  if lowbar loads your posterior too much , why not going highbar ? 
  with front squats you wo n't hit nearly the weight you 've been doing, 
  how tall are you ? 
  i 'm 6 ft 1 and while highbar is n't exactly my strongpoint i am still fairly comfortable doing it, 
  in another post you said you tried phul for one week , what exactly do you not like about it ? 
  it 's mostly a template program designed to be adjusted to your specific needs . 
  i 've been doing phul for almost a year now and have no complaints at all . 
  other than the crazy high volume i think it 's a pretty solid intermediate program, 
  fair enough , i always felt like phul was appropriately structured but i can see why it 's not for everyone, 
  ils systems is boss , i have n't tried it yet but flying in dense fog at night is a nightmare to me . 
  being able to fully rely on your hud would be an immersion gamechanger, 
  or , you know , f12, 
  do n't ignore the pain . 
  i did and the sodding pain stuck with me for 3 months , even went to physiotherapy . 
  i stopped any motions where the elbow was involved for a solid 3-4 weeks after that it was gone , but i still feel it lurking in the dark when im going too heavy on curls or db bench, 
  i 'd go as far as saying it 's an austrian license plate , which due to eu regulations needs to extend over the rear tire, 
  i 'd say stay with what you are comfortable with . 
  depending on how many hours you have in the game rebinding may cause you a losing streak of several dozen games before you get comfortable again, 
  fun should always be your number one factor . 
  if its fun for you to rewire your brain then keep trying , if its fun for you to win and dominate with your current skillset then switch back . 
  you mean unranked from last season ? 
  these are competitive season awards , if you do n't play comp you do n't get a reward, 
  it 's difficult to say the least . 
  psyonix probably gets thousands of reports every day . 
  these reports could range from taking `` what a save '' a little too salty as well as people slamming racist slurs in chat . 
  we know that psyonix does temp ban players on repeated offenses but we do n't know when the ban will trigger , or how many reports it takes , and that is good . 
  if psyonix reveals their reporting system people will find a way to abuse it . 
  if someone is genuinely abusive towards you in chat or griefs , report and keep playing, 
  went from all-star to silver 2 . 
  i 've won 2 placement matches the rest were a disaster . 
  get some proper riding pants before it 's too late . 
  i started riding with helmet and a borrow jacket from my driver 's school but after i almost hit the pavement i soon realized that my normal jeans and flimsy shoes would have come right off .
