  when someone reads this who does n't know anything about radio communications then this is an important deal , especially if you 're on the net with 6 other people , whose voices you do n't know . 
  in the call for fire section you might also want to list the differences between the different types of fire . 
  say how are fire for effect and request for fire different from each other . 
  additionally the radio prowords lack `` over '' and `` out '' and how to use them properly . 
  an important deal imho , when there are lots of people on the radio , so they do n't talk over each other . 
  * formations : a fireteam usually consists of four people , while formations like line and coloumn are easy translated to one more person it 's not as simple with the wedge . 
  * overall i realize this is still in production but you should already consider starting out with a table of contents and giving a few short sentences about each chapter . 
  not only will it work make it easier later down the road , but you will also find your handbook to be more organized . 
  thats my two cents . 
  `` it 's too late now , we ca n't unassault that position '' got me good . 
  you did sound fairly pissed about the situation , though i 'd be too if i was stuck behind a tiny ass building , not being able to move because of bullets whizzing by . 
  the guide you linked was able to parallelise unparallelised code without decompiling and rewriting the source code yourself ? 
  impressive . 
  if it makes you happy , friend . 
  i 'm sure it did . 
  are you banned off the server or battleeye ? 
  if the former contact the server owners . 
  game 's over then , if a private server owner denies the appeal its usually end of the road . 
  find a new server, 
   we have proficiency in most coding and programming languages, 
  i know i 'm nitpicking but do you really know ** most ** of [ these languages ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_programming_languages ) ? 
  or are you saying you are proficient with the languages provided in the game industry ? 
  or are you just proficient with arma related languages ? 
   now after approximately 2-3 months we feel we have the collected knowledge and skill to even create our own , fully fledged mod, 
  two to three months of what ? 
  server hosting ? 
  learning sqf ? 
  before you start to recruit other devs i feel like you should be sure that you 're on skills are sufficient . 
  it 's quite the disappointment if a possible dev applies with the hopes of working together with a professional team , only to find out that they do n't even know basic arma related scripting . 
   c++ more options, 
  i do n't understand this comparison . 
  more options in what ? 
  changing the data type of a variable is known as casting and very possible in both languages and similarly easy . 
  since you mentioned assembly consider giving [ this response on so ] ( http://stackoverflow.com/a/4203005/4236171 ) a read . 
  usually though it is pretty easy to incorporate the `` big '' programming languages and scripting languages into each other . 
  not for a beginner but theoretically speaking someone at some point in the past wrote a library that handles most of the stuff for you so you can write your program in c++ , write the other program in java and let the communicate . 
  i do n't have any data on my hands about this but i 'm going out on a limb and say that c # has just as many libraries to use other programming languages as c++ . 
  [ see here ] ( http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1618601/integrating-java-with-c-net ) for example . 
  but that should n't be something that bothers a beginner anyway . 
  i have n't shot anyone down . 
  both comments raised valid points , op wants to recruit a dev but shows no expertise . 
  you need to know what you 're doing before you can lead a team . 
  otherwise it just ends up being a frustration for everyone . 
  true , but that means nothing . 
  we do n't know * what * they do there . 
  usually when you encounter someone recruting for their dev team they will say lines along of `` i 've x months coding experiences in y language , additionally we 've done z '' . 
  but none of that here . 
  they say they 've 2-3 months of ( i assume ) server hosting experience but anyone can do that nowadays . 
  i mean its impressive that they build their own machine and possibly run it from somewhere with a 1gb/s uplink but in reality that 's not a skill needed in modding . 
  if i wanted to create a server with +60 slots that runs mod 1 or mission 2 i just need to put some money down and done . 
  again it 's great that they know how to build and host a server box what purpose does this have in modding ? 
  i also find their statement `` we have proficiency in most programming languages '' very fishy . 
  what does that even mean ? 
   you need to know what you 're doing before you can lead a team, 
  she is usually the only person ( from what i 've seen so far ) to talk to their users either via image submissions or comments . 
  i 'm not sure if others agree with me on this but usually its / r/arma - eiquette for op of spot - / sit - / tech - / opreps to also post the full text formatted into the comments . 
  it 's easier and more accessible for those reading it on mobile or not being able to acess arma3.com for whatever reason . 
  if you plan to play your own scenarios or scenarios that were made with / for ace then go for it . 
  if you plan on playing the campaign or the standard scenarios with it do n't bother . 
  lots of things break when using ace in oa with the campaign , such as defusing ieds or using the javelin without the clu . 
  then off you go !, 
   atomgaming.cloudapp.net, 
  is that your website ? 
  because it does n't work for me . 
  also what comes with `` applying for beta test '' ? 
  arma community and the life community has made some bad experiences with these sort of servers where you need to apply for beta . 
  want to elaborate on what it entails ? 
   from what i 've read it seems c++ is becoming more and more obsolete and is a relic of a pre-internet time, 
  whoever said that should be abandoned . 
  are there any sources to back this ridiculous claim ? 
  you could set maxmem and maxvram to the 8 and 6 gb respectively , but i think the game still wo n't use all of it . 
  additionally the memory allocator ( malloc ) can be set to a new one but they are reported to bring no to minimal improvement and can make the game unstable, 
   of course i 'm very surprised to see that sometimes i can get 90 + fps and sometimes only 5 . 
  also fx8350, 
  this is very likely not singleplayer right ? 
  multiplayer performance is closely tied to the server . 
  if the server is shit you get shit fps . 
  additionally it is also dependent on where you are and what you are doing . 
  being in an open field looking at ground gives you obviously more fps than running in kavala with 50 other soldiers and vehicles . 
  your 5 fps mark needs to be explained a little bit further . 
  nothing , it allegedly went a few times to zero already , it just get 's reset automatically or when someone presses the button . 
  it was an april fools joke and as usual the internet overreacted thinking there is something amazing behind it , when there really is n't . 
  the reason amd cpus perform worse than intel cpus in similar clock range is because intel performs with more instructions per clock cycle * . 
  check out cpuboss.com to compare an i7 with the fx8350 it performs way worse . 
  now with that being said the fx8350 is said to perform better in applications that run on more cores and generally it 's not a bad cpu , i have it in my rig and it is an amazing piece of hardware for that price but you just got to accept that an intel would have been the better choice . 
  allegedly directx 12 will make the fx series perform better as well due to better multicore usage , but we will see when that happens . 
  a developer tweeted that dx12 for arma 3 is not matter of if , its a matter of when , but i ca n't find it right now . 
  \\* this and a few other reasons but you get the general idea of it, 
  shitty is not the correct term . 
  they perform worse than intel processors with similar ghz however they are n't really shitty . 
  in singleplayer i get my 50-60 fps on high or ultra . 
  how so ? 
  i genuinely do n't know, 
  fair enough , thanks for the heads up !, 
  this is one of those tutorials with an unclear scope . 
  the intention was good but if you explain someone the basics of java with hello world as example you do n't start to throw words around like classes , objects et cetera . 
  a beginner should know that everything needs to be in a class , but the actual knowledge of why and how they work should be left for later tutorials . 
  as much as i can appreciate dissecting this basic program so someone understands every single letter of it , it is overwhelming for an beginner and underwhelming for someone who knows how to code in java . 
  considering oop is one of the toughest concepts to grasp for a beginner it 's not very beginner friendly , i agree . 
  see , i think it wo n't .
