  i recommend practicing these things in dry runs first . 
  let the hat approach from an angle where you know he can see the laser and try different methods . 
  wiggle it , blink it , make it seen . 
  if that does n't work read up again on the documentation rhs provides on how lasers work , maybe you were doing something wrong . 
  like many things in arma 9 lines ( or simply coordinating ground and air ) require at least a little bit of practice . 
  it 's a lot of information to gather for the jtac and it 's a lot of information to process for the pilot . 
  while you do n't have to follow strict protocols that are applied in real life it makes sense to employ some sort of algorithm with your friends in order that communication is always as seemless as possible . 
  last but not least when something does n't work try not to be frustrated about it . 
  find alternatives for what did n't work . 
  could n't lase targets for the gbus ? 
  have him come in via gun run . 
  use colored smoke to mark your own position and give the enemies location relative to the smoke . 
  you can do many things arma is always providing the tools, 
  and austria, 
  why post this here instead of whatever platform sa-matra uses for handling feedback ? 
  yeah but sa matra is n't part of this community so he will likely never see this, 
  i do n't see why not, 
  i think you meant to post this to / r/techsupport as this has nothing to do with learning to program, 
  if you want to save a comment there is a button for that right below the comment you want to save, 
  i like to think that rp servers are not part of our community . 
  they do n't come to this sub and they use arma only as a tool for their purpose . 
  when we talk about playing arma like everyone else ( as in non rp ) i think the community is very friendly , from casual gaming play to tight tacticool milsim , though of course one always feels superior over the other . 
  because they flooded shitty content and we told them to fuck off to / r/altislife or whatever it 's called, 
  it 's made by a seperate team within bi , i do n't think it would affect arma at all since this title is still their flagship, 
  the new 390 duke is such a gorgeous looking bike but it seems very small . 
  i 'm 6 ' 1ish and just standing next to it it feels very compact, 
  i like how he tagged #health out of all things, 
   what irreparable harm will result if a noob who barely knows hello-world gets slightly imperfect information about a concept and has to learn a few corrections in the future ? 
  or , you know , learn the right stuff from the get go . 
  thenewboston is a discouraged learning resource all over reddit . 
  maybe * you * should get off your high horse, 
  its all about the jade idol, 
  what 's wrong with the / r/learnprogramming discord ? 
  without looking at your server , whats the current size ? 
  how quickly do people usually get a reply ? 
  whats the quality of replies ? 
  especially in c++ this is tricky . 
  in the learnprogramming discord there may only be one c++ channel , but its really big and populated . 
  thank you for your contribution to / r/austria . 
  however , your post goes against [ our rules ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/austria/wiki/rules ) and has therefore been removed . 
  9 ) * do not make hateful , inappropriate or pointless comments . 
   as moderators we reserve the right to remove comments that we deem to be hateful , inappropriate or pointless . 
  this includes comments involving obvious bigotry , coarse language , comments that do not contribute to the discussion and inappropriate comments towards other users . 
  four is not really true , there is risc os and a windows 10 iot option as well, 
  https://learnopengl.com/ is a great resource too, 
  die website gibt eh full disclosure . 
  you have a very limited understanding of right it seems . 
  education is a right and it should remain one for all possible reasons . 
  we want people to become smarter , not dumber . 
  but more importantly your assumption in the second paragraph is wrong . 
  rights can be taken away . 
  your right to freedom will be taken away if you commit a crime severe enough to warrant an inprisonment . 
  less coding and more sysadmin stuff in there, 
   small subreddits, 
  what makes java an unreal language ? 
  this is true . 
  postfix operator evaluates the expression , then decrements it . 
  prefix operator deferments the expression and then evaluates it . 
  int i = 1 ;, 
  int x = i + + ; / / x = 1 , i = 2, 
  int y = + + i ; / / y = 3 , i = 3, 
  i bought a new bike as my first bike as well , with fairings on top of that and i managed to not launch it up the wall . 
  it 's almost like the videos and posts you 'll see of new riders crashing their bikes are the vocal minority, 
  or do n't , because last time the school owners posted here they promised an actual degree , yet their `` cs and software engineering '' curriculum is n't even half of what a real degree entails . 
  coding bootcamps and schools capitalize on the idea that software engineering is the new cool thing everyone wants to do . 
  be wary of scammers and folks selling snake oil, 
  op ( someone from the school ) nuked the thread and all replies he had in there . 
  edit : nvm he just nuked the thread some replies are still up, 
  edit2 : also kind of funny how they rebranded themselves from lambda university to lambda school . 
  does that mean the accreditation they promised last time around did n't go so well ? 
  in the last threads they claimed that you will get a real degree from their school , but they were still in the verification process . 
  at least tell the truth . 
  you were absolutely telling people that you are going through a verification process to get accredited to become a real uni with education that entails a degree . 
  you got roasted twice on this sub and as such you deleted both your threads which is against this subreddit 's rules . 
  and like i argued before , you hardly teach a third of a real cs degree , this time you toss around even more buzzwords . 
  bootcamp scams like yours should not be allowed on this sub . 
   we absolutely never told people we were accredited . 
  we are working toward that , but it will be a long , long road . 
  my exact words were , `` the long-term plan is to become an accredited university . '', 
  true , but you sounded very sure of your verification process last time . 
  this time you re-branded and it does n't sound like you are getting accredited . 
  again sadly you deleted your old threads so its hard to find the exact wording in the op . 
   you 've never once pointed to any specifics as to what we do n't teach that a cs degree does other than that a cs degree is longer , which is obvious and well-established . 
  happy to dive into the nitty gritty of our curriculum , why we 're teaching some things , and why we 're leaving out others . 
  of the top off my head you are missing a full blown networking course , data analysis , optimization , applied maths , operating systems , programming languages and concepts as well as a few more . 
  last time you said you did not finish college , and this is completely fine , i do n't want to be appearing like i look down on you . 
  but what qualifies you to teach at a much higher level when you did not even finish a lower one ? 
   not sure why you have to come out guns blazing every time anything about us pops out on this sub . 
  we 're trying to do a good thing for good people , and taking on a ton of risk in order to do it . 
  yes , they 'll pay us back after they get a good job , but surely that is a positive thing ? 
  our students think it 's a win-win , as do our hiring partners . 
  but at what price ? 
  someone already pointed out that for the price your content-lacking school costs , someone could go after a much better education that is accredited . 
  17 % of a high salary for two years is n't peanuts . 
  i do n't want to sound hostile , i 'm sorry if i do , english is n't my first language and tone is hard to nail in text but i have a legitimate concern that people will pay you , expecting to learn computer science and what they get is another code monkey bootcamp with a standard portfolio at the end that means nothing to any recruiter . 
  i hope you can understand this concern too . 
  actually raspberry pis come with scratch pre installed . 
  a visual programming language to teach kids programming without the verbose syntax of code, 
  nice work !, 
  note that some algorithms scale worse depending on other factors too .
