  it 's absurdly high and no one in their right mind would start a fight over that range , mostly because 5.56 platforms are better at 400 meters and below . 
  but again this is group specific . 
  maybe your guys fire at everything within a 700 meter radius but i would n't fire at such a range unless i am required to , but then only to break contact and get into a better position . 
   also in general these tips were written not for people who are going to join a group , but more for the people who bought arma a few days ago and are trying pubbie servers . 
  i realize that and i was just giving my input , with that being said think you also might want to lose a word or two about stamina , movement and it 's effect on aiming . 
  a very large point most new players are missing . 
  either way i liked the discussion , it 's always nice to get new insights on a game i 've clocked hundreds of hours in . 
  i use cyberghost . 
  the free option contains a couple servers , uk included iirc . 
  it 's a download so all your traffic will be tunneled through it but so far it is the best free vpn i 've come across . 
  in my opinion i do n't care what conflict is displayed or how accurately it is depicted in the mission . 
  if you want your mission to be historically as accurate as possible then go ahead . 
  if you want to make some random mission where modern german army fights against the us in bornholm then let nothing stop you . 
  as a content creator you should feel no necessity to cater your work around the feelings of others ( take that with a grain of salt ) . 
  however i can very much understand people being rustled or offended by certain content . 
  there are people out there who ran away from war and terrorists , families who had to abandon their home countries and as such i can see why someone might be hurt when you design a mission where you play as isis soldier to take over villages . 
  tl ; dr do whatever you feel like but do n't be a dick when someone is offended by it , they might have a good reason . 
  but for what reason ? 
  the sub was n't doing particularly bad in terms of user numbers and post rate . 
  at least when relating it to this subreddit . 
  is anyone in touch with a mod from / r/amd ? 
  can you request to get it back ? 
  it was a nice sub with a decent community . 
  that 's a very competitive price . 
  if the benchmarks hit close enough to the 980ti i migut buy one . 
  well obviously it 's scripted , but clarkson being covered in wet dirt when it 's freezing cold outside is not some sort of cgi . 
  well but compared to the 980ti euro prices it 's competitive . 
  a local retailer sells it for 860 euros , if this stays in the 650 region we have a top seller easily . 
  gets downvoted for basically explaining how comparing prices in different markets work , some quality voting right there . 
  and that 's just for the reference cooler superclocked version . 
  imagine what aftermarket coolers cost . 
  the gigabyte g1 980ti costs a whopping 900 euros on amazon, 
  so do i brother and it 's a fantastic piece of hardware . 
  it 's obviously not the best card out there but a great one nonetheless, 
  in my experience milsim implicates some sort of rank structure . 
  how the unit follows this rank structure however is not really indicated . 
  i 've seen milsim units in which the members address each other by rank and name , others leave the rank completely out , they usually have a more relaxed tone . 
  serious is usuall a term that simply indicates gameplay that is team based . 
  everyone gets a role and the goal is to play and stay in your role . 
  however as others pointed out these are not fixed definitions . 
  while the terms give a good indication of where the unit is heading it does not follow any community set standards . 
  it does n't lose though . 
  depending on the game and resolution both cards are trading blows . 
  the fury x loses against the titan x which was its original competitor , but it definite does n't lose against the 980ti . 
  so a fury that hits slightly below a fury x for 550 dollars and with aftermarket coolers will be a heck of card . 
  okay . 
  what can your software do that i ca n't do with free alternatives and startup parameters . 
  thanks for replying , i 'll go over it step by step . 
   direct steam game auto-detection, 
  does this suffer from the same issue as dimmdrive that whenever you play a game you launch it through your application , so you always show as playing cpucores ? 
   it constrains your os on 1 core and pays special attention to critical os components, 
   disables ht ( slows down a bunch of games with it enabled ), 
  - enableht = false and - cpucount = 8 are both startup parameters that were reported to bring no performance boost to the game , because the game does a pretty good job at auto detection . 
  the startup parameters are free and do n't cost 20 bucks . 
   puts arma3 on a dedicated core ( s ), 
  there 's an option in windows for that `` set affinity '' . 
   interfaces with steam to start your game, 
  read first reply, 
   most importantly - you simply press one button and cpucores does it all, 
  credit where credit is due . 
  simplicity is always a pro in any application . 
  i would like to give everyone in the / r/arma community a read as well :, 
  with the top comment being :, 
   of course it 's snake oil , just like dimmdrive . 
  and no amount of cheap giveaways and sucking up to the community is going to change the overall opinion that startuptim is a shady motherfucker . 
  though i do n't agree with the swearing towards / u/startuptim, 
  well thanks for taking your time to reply . 
  i 've followed your previous product , so i know what kind of exposure you have in the public . 
  hats off for taking all the heat and replying to most of it , that takes some courage . 
  ** however ** i do n't see your application bringing an end to the cpu bottleneck arma has had since it 's launch . 
  your `` benchmark '' is highly inaccurate because of two reasons :, 
  1 : the game is known for taking a hit on the cpu when there 's lots of ai and lots of physics calculations . 
  in your benchmark you have neither of those . 
  i would also like to see how the game performs in a custom mission and not one that is provided by bi , meaning it will run by default faster than user generated content . 
  and at the end of the day , most arma players play user generated content . 
  2 : client side fps are tied to server side fps . 
  there 's nothing to discuss there , this is a widely known fact and it was proven throughout arma 3 's history . 
  your application will change nothing about that , so your multiplayer fps are probably barely affected , if at all . 
  while your program * might * ^ that 's ^ a ^ big ^ might work in other games , the benchmark you 've provided proves nothing . 
  if anything it raises more questions than it answers . 
  play king of the hill for half an hour to an hour . 
  make sure that you are fighting inside the town kavala . 
  this is known to be an fps killer . 
  if your product achieves the advertised 17 % fps boost you 'll be able to better convince the community than with 30 seconds of gameplay , offline with no ai . 
  that 's no reason to spew derogatory terms in / u/startuptim 's direction . 
  he might be shady , his products might be questionable but at least he is giving his best to reply to comments and process the critique he gets . 
  for all we know cpucore could be a good solution for low end rigs on arma 3 . 
  or it could be snake oil and fairy dust , his benchmark promised [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/arma/comments/3cibmh/i_benchmarked_arma3_with_cpucores_and_got_a_175/csvxic1 ) will show . 
  / r/techsupport, 
   are you asking a question . 
  we have these things called question marks . 
  he said , not using question marks . 
  sarcasm does n't translate well into text , hence why you see it many times pointed out with / s, 
  you 're free not to use it , but it should not surprise you when you get downvoted , because your sarcasm was misunderstood, 
  first rule in the sidebar, 
   no tech support questions, 
  more or less my point , which is why i think that cpucores wo n't bring the promised 17.5 % fps boost across the board . 
  can you go more in depth about what you do n't like about real virtuality 4 's memory managment ? 
  you still owe us a real benchmark you promised further up in the comments . 
  you ca n't advertise your product with 17 % performance boost , when this can only be reached in certain situations with certain computers .
