  from how she asked the theoretical questions you could hear that she does n't have a clue about motorcycles . 
  in austria the gefahrbremsung assignment goes as follows : drive with minimum of 50kph , at the markings start to brake . 
  the place is a private parking space , so 50kph is a legal speed limit there . 
  thanks for your help , i 'll try to google my way around . 
  i will definitely have to retake the exam but maybe i can file a complaint against her . 
  i appreciate the love though , brother, 
  pro tip : if you do n't exceed the speed limit like a twat you do n't have to worry about speed cameras or section control . 
  or at least retire a few stories . 
  this one is seen daily , same goes for the one about the close minded mum at olive garden . 
  eh , i do n't find this unbelievable . 
  my girlfriend told me that i once said during sleep `` do you see him yet ? 
  do n't worry you 'll notice when he is here . '', 
  probably related to some dream i had . 
  so it 's fairly plausible, 
  in my book you 're either teaching c++ or c with classes . 
  understanding whats going on under the hood can be done with a few sentences and graphics , to display the core principle . 
  i see too many students using c style strings and arrays in c++ code , even though they should be using vectors and std : : strings , simply because thats what they were taught . 
  i 'd like to end up at esa , but i do n't think that it will work out . 
  i 'm neither a graduate nor am i about to become one . 
  i am however pretty much in the same situation as you . 
  what i have found to be the best practice to battle the feeling of being overwhelmed is a tidy schedule with very well defined on and off times . 
  there will be passages where the fun times and relaxation are reduced to a minimum but there is not much more to it than biting through . 
  while surely good intentions , this post would come off as less shady if you 'd explain in depth what the exploit does . 
  i do n't know you and i 'm not just going to add a piece of arbitrary code i do n't understand to my server . 
  yes they also ( used to ) build military equipment , iirc, 
  a list is a good list when it is concise and the points stick with the reader . 
  a list of 42 things is neither of those , at this point it would have been nice to read an actual blog / article . 
  also : consistency . 
  there 's lots of jumping around and no red line that can be drawn from one point to the next . 
  i would also argue that not all of these points are necessary to become a professional software developer . 
  i hear new tires are super slippery on the first 100kms or so . 
  any truth to this ? 
  building a pc is n't really electronics . 
  at one point you realize that it 's just expensive legos and you want to move to breadboards and actual wiring . 
  so here 's my take on it . 
  if you can program , you already internalized the steps needed to create a program and you want to learn c++ more in depth then it surely is a cool project to work on . 
  there 's tons of apis you can pick up and use . 
  if your end goal is to have a cross platform music player and you do n't really care about the coding experience then i 'd go for something like java , since the built in functions will get you very far without having to install third party libraries for gui and the actual music stream . 
  but clion with gdb does show you all the values in an array :, 
  when i wrote a hashtable for my algodat class it was all heap allocated and i would always be able to read out the contents of the arrays and linked lists . 
  that resonates a lot with me . 
  the bikes sold around me that i can legally ride are all crashed bikes with no real indication on how well they were repaired . 
  especially if you 're new to bikes buying used is a risk itself since you do n't really know what you are looking for . 
  understand that a language is more than syntactic features slapped together in a file . 
  take java for example : the syntax is just the bare bones of the language for you to have a result , but knowing how to use an if statement does n't make you knowledgeable in the language . 
  learn concepts such as encapsulation , inheritance , polymorphism . 
  internalize not what the language looks like but what features it has to build an application . 
  start working on small projects , move up bigger as you go . 
  when you feel confident look through open source projects , maybe you find something that interests you and you can contribute, 
  check out handmade hero . 
  that 's entirely dependent on the learner , everyone learns a bit different, 
  full text reads :, 
  austrian study claims : almost all bikers take left turn corners wrong . 
  this is currently a pilot project and only tested on 10 roads in austria . 
  however the [ people from some viennese office ] who started the project are optimistic that the circles and ellipses drawn on the roads will help to secure left turn corners with low visibility . 
  a study of 800 motorcyclists showed that 95 % of the corners taken were too close to the dividing line between the two lanes . 
  occurring traffic from the opposite lane forces the rider into dangerous maneuvers . 
  the drawings are a visual aid for the rider how close they can approach the middle of the road without putting themselves in danger . 
  the drawings come in different shapes and sizes depending on the corner . 
  if the project is successful it will be rolled out in the entirety of the country . 
  sorry if it sounds a little bumpy i tried to capture the wordings as closely as possible . 
  i 'm fairly certain i 've seen this either posted here or on / r/austria months ago but never heard about it on local news . 
  to be honest i have n't done much research on the topic but since the article does n't have a timestamp or a newspaper in which it 's been featured on it , it 's hard to validate if it 's reality or a hoax, 
  edit : it 's real . 
  the announcement about these roads were made in august 2016 when most newspapers wrote about this but this was the last time it was heard of . 
  i guess it 's only two months and with the end of the season they wo n't be able to collect enough data until next year, 
  just posted the text as a comment, 
  busses and trucks may go over the centerline because of their physical properties , being long ass vehicles and all that . 
  a motorcycle goes over the centerline because the rider miscalculated his lean in the corner . 
  getting your license in austria includes some fairly in depth training , but you 're understanding of the material provided is completely dependent on the school you go to and the instructor who supervises your exam . 
  i 've heard stories where the instructor was n't watching the students throughout the entire course and let everyone pass . 
  others are extremely anal and even require radar pistols to be used during your exam ( check my post history ) . 
  additionally standards have only been raised really in the past 10-15 years . 
  when my step father took his motorcycle license his instructor would sit in a side carriage and judge him on his ability to ride with that thing attached to the bike . 
  he then has n't ridden in 20-25 years but it 's completely legal for him to buy a liter bike today and ride it on the roads . 
  markings like that make perfect sense for various reasons , even though standards may be higher than in other countries, 
  i 've been to the states and your roads are a fuck ton wider than they are here . 
  rebuilding roads is costly and not always possible, 
  life is tough, 
  in diesem sinne : prost !, 
  because unless you ride a leader bike you are more driving a scooter really . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ obvious ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  c++ primer is the de facto standard for newcomers to programming in c++, 
  triggered, 
  only when power to weight ratio does n't exceed a certain limit . 
  otherwise you could be buying a liter bike and restrict it down to 35 kw for two years, 
  i hate c++ classes that force char arrays down your throat . 
  when i close my eyes at night i see nothing but a single line saying `` segmentation fault core dumped '', 
  i watched this like 10 times already , because i am amazed by the physics that kept the phone attached to the car 's roof . 
  he had a very emotional rant about the us presidency election , since it will / may affect him personally ( as in he may lose his health care ) . 
  i ca n't go into too much details as i 'm not a visitor of his subreddit but from quickly scanning what has been said there i assume that they had some heated discussions ( as they usually do ) and tb took it very personally ( as he usually does ) and as such he has left reddit . 
  he said in his rant that he felt betrayed by his new home , the states ( or something along those lines ) because of the many trump voters and i would assume he felt the same about the reddit community . 
  one was easier to leave than the other and so he did . 
  again , lots of assumptions but this would make the most sense , given the recent events . 
  okay , but what is your question , what are you asking ? 
  what have you done in class so far ? 
  what have you done so far on this assignment ? 
  where is the issue with completing this assignment ? 
  look you are wanting people to help you but you outright ignore every rule this sub imposes . 
  rule 1 , ask smart questions and rule 6 , use one of the tools provided to post code or at least format it properly using reddit 's markdown .
