  additionally i believe you have the possibility to write any papers ( including your masters thesis ) in english , if you 're uncomfortable doing it in german . 
  hope i could help, 
  from the rules : ** all ** recruiting needs to go to / r/findaunit having posted there myself i know it sucks a bit , but if that does n't help you check out the group listing in the sidebar . 
  any recruitment post will probably either be deleted or downvoted , so i would n't bother finding a group in this subreddit . 
   i can understand everything but if you ask me two days after to rewrite the same program there 's no way i would be able to do it, 
  that is completely fine . 
  copy the code examples from the book , compile , run see what they do . 
  then try to modify the code , add stuff to it , compile and run again . 
  programming especially for beginners is a lot of tinkering around with the language , and see what you can come up with on your own . 
  once you got the basics of the language syntax down ( variables , loops , operators , arrays ( maybe even vectors ) ) head over to project euler . 
  the problems to solve are written down in words and your challenge is to translate them into code . 
  it 's a helpful exercise , you only learn via repetition . 
  rule 6 :, 
  never post a screenshot of your code !, 
  use one of the tools below instead . 
  coursera has a pretty neat free algorithms and datastructures course , prerequisite is knowing a bit of java . 
  if the error prevents you from playing redownload and reinstall existing mods . 
  if the error does nothing else but showing up once and then never again just ignore it . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.linuxfromscratch.org ) might be for you , however such a program requires in depth knowledge in the language you are doing this in . 
  if you do n't know any programming and this is the task you want to complete to learn how to code , then i recommend not doing it . 
  this is question exists in the form of a ticket with the second highest votes http://feedback.arma3.com/view.php?id=15747, 
  bi acknowledged it , whatever that means . 
  maybe in the future , we do n't know . 
  there are multiple reasons to care . 
  there is a reason this issue has almost 2k upvotes on the feedback tracker . 
  immersion for example . 
  it 's quite hard to believe that a greek island is solely populated by men . 
  not a single female civilian can be found . 
  this makes missions in which you go through populated towns weird , at least in my opinion . 
  furthermore most armies already employ women . 
  female foot soldiers , officers , pilots you name it . 
  it 's not a game breaker and if it was an financial decision i get that , but it 'd be still nice to have, 
   there are a few notable ones , but they are very much the minority . 
  i never said that the amount of males and females employed by most armies are equal but they do play a role in the military . 
  my country for example puts women in the same roles in our military as men . 
  they are foot soldiers , pilots , tankers , engineers , the list goes on . 
  but that 's not the discussion of this thread . 
   because their overwhelming player base is male, 
  probably not the reason . 
   adding another model and creating all the animations and clothes that go with that probably not worth their time . 
  more likely , but i would n't say `` worth their time '' . 
  financially not feasible would probably hit it home . 
  as far as i can see that there is only one person in this thread complaining about the social background of this issue , not acknowledging that its a technical one . 
  and said person received -4 points for their comment as of now . 
  koffeinflummis explanation is somewhere in the +30 s so i 'd say this thread is far far from turning into a `` bi is sexist '' thing . 
  you have 3rd person enabled in your unit ? 
  weird system , if 3rd person is available to everyone i see no reason to use it , especially in - say - tvts, 
  assuming that you tried the same in vanilla without mods and it did not work :, 
  first you need to make sure your ai is not in `` hold fire '' mode . 
  you can change this by left clicking , your character will say something along the lines of `` fire '' or `` cease fire '' respectively . 
  default wise you should not be in that mode . 
  secondly remember that the attack helo you were using was meant for long range engagements , so keep it that way for the sake of your own safety . 
  now if you `` look '' at the enemy ( point your camera at them ) press t ( or tab , depending on your settings ) and your character will yell out the object you were looking at , such as `` vehicle 300m '' or `` medic 600m '' . 
  your ai will lock onto that target and open up . 
  your chances are even higher of achieving the ai lighting up the enemy , when you are actively engaged . 
  however even then keep in mind that your gunner wo n't let hell rain down on them . 
  when gunning ( helicopters ) the ai is known for few but precise shots . 
  something similar can be observed when letting the ai take the miniguns in the ghosthawk . 
  so just because they did n't open up right after seeing the enemy , does n't mean they wo n't fire at all . 
  give them an order and just wait out , if possible let the enemy shoot you so they pose a bigger threat . 
  obviously you have a * huge * advantage when using 3rd person in mout or generally cqb . 
  the ability to peak around corners , into windows and rooms without exposing your body in any way shape or form gives you the ability to practically foresee what will happen next . 
  say you 're in a tvt and you are about to go around a corner . 
  you just walk up turn the camera until you see around the corner and suddenly you see an enemy fireteam . 
  even though they are looking in your direction they obviously ca n't see you . 
  you in the meantime can prepare easily to light them up and take them out . 
  it surprises me that 3rd person found place in a realism unit . 
  they are not broken so they dont need to be fixed . 
  ace3 will probably add functionality to them , however as of now ace3 is only in alpha and not officially released yet, 
  that is by definition not broken . 
  they are not working in a way you wish them to work . 
  if they were broken they would n't track anything at all . 
  female soldiers along with male soldiers are a very real thing , my friend . 
  also true but this thread is not only about deployed women but women in the game in general , so civis, 
  it 's merely about gender equality but believability and immersion of the game . 
  as i stated in a comment below , right now a town or village can only be populated with men , while this not a game breaking issue it does break the immersion a bit . 
  unless of course the greeks have decided they live better without any women . 
  the gender of a soldier does not affect combat effectiveness . 
  otherwise the isreali defense force would not have such a high emphasis on women in their ranks . 
  last time i checked it was 900 downvotes and +1900 upvotes iirc . 
  that 's not almost as many . 
  as i said multiple times in various parts of this thread : it is not a game breaking feature . 
  it is not a problem that prevents people from buying and playing the game . 
  it is however a flaw in the game design , that makes certain scenarios just flat out unbelievable . 
  nice that it worked out though i noticed two things that slightly bother me . 
  you walked into the construction site while the mg was suppressing it , you could even see the bullet impacts in the wall close to you . 
  that 's rather dangerous and you are risking yourself getting shot by your own team mate , which ultimately costs resources ( medical gear , securing the area while you are getting treated , and most importantly time ) to fix . 
  once you have a foot in , the mg should have either ceased or shifted fire , so you 're not in the danger close area . 
  you called building clear after killing one guy . 
  there was still a small place behind the ladder obstructing your view and a small plateau up the ladder ( not sure if the mg was able to see up there , but he did n't communicate so possibly no ) . 
  if there 'd have been a second guy , who you simply did not see , your day could 've been ruined . 
  above all however these tacbf videos lately really make me want to try it out . 
  head first java 2nd edition is a wee bit old yes , but that should n't stop you . 
  obviously it 's not to introduce you into the newest java features , however the most base principles still apply and the book is known for giving a nice and thorough start into the language . 
  the entire head first series is famous for their easy to digest writing style . 
  it starts from the ground up , offers puzzles and quizzes at the end to test your knowledge and it 's great at explaining the bare bones of oop and it 's theories . 
  this is not your coding book that tells you to write code sample a into your editor and b will appear on the screen . 
  while they do have coding examples it 's more on you to get them into your code . 
  if i recall correctly they have 2 rather large programs they use in the book . 
  the latter being a midi beatbox , that works with a clickable interface and even provides network for `` multiplayer '' .
