  if all that is nothing for you then be sure to check out wasteland . 
  it 's a game mode in which you can either fight on a side together with people or on your own . 
  iirc it revolves a little about base building , the servers for that are rather large . 
  if you 're looking for some intense action there be sure to find a 100 player stratis wasteland server . 
  the island is extremely small and so you will constantly stumble across other players . 
  that 's pretty baller , i guess you can reduce loading times when having a hdd , thanks for the heads up !, 
  can you give me an eli5 what ball rounds are ? 
   the only setting that uses the cpu on low is the shadows . 
  arma isnt cpu intensive, 
  citation needed, 
  `` was ? 
  that 's interesting , thanks for the info and links !, 
  been doing sl 5x5 for little over to months now and while i love it i want to switch to something that engages my upper and lower back more often . 
  currently deciding between phul and phat , any recommendations ? 
  thanks , phul it is during uni then . 
  that 's public servers for you . 
  i knew some a2 insurgency servers that would limit specific weapons to certain roles , but i 'm a little out of touch with the coop a3 servers , so you 'll have to filter a lot of bs before finding something nice . 
  what do you need help with ? 
  knowing that makes it easier to help you, 
  very nice footage . 
  is the onscreen mfcd part of ace or rhs ? 
  either way , how do you bring it up ? 
  add one mod from your list an try again , if it works go back and add a new mod . 
  keep doing this until you find the culprit, 
  the rules in every pub server are as imaginary as in altis life . 
  wouldnt there be one in cup ? 
  rough . 
  with rhs , cup and so many vehicle and weapon packs around its gon na be hard to find a standalone mod . 
  barely anyone does these anymore . 
  sorry i could n't help, 
   i kick ass at arma, 
  do n't we all ? 
  considering we 're all operators here . 
  in all seriousness though , what does that mean ? 
  are you good at hitting targets ? 
  are you an ace pilot ? 
  are you the best tank gunner around ? 
  are you proficient at leading a whole squad or platoon against human opponents ? 
  are you the best kart driver in altis ? 
  do you straight up know when a suspect is lying to you on altis life ? 
  arma is so diverse in its possibilities that this statement in itself is ... weird . 
  applicable in games like csgo or lol but arma ? 
  it does n't , but i 'm saying with the amount of vehicle packs that offer dozens of helos it will be hard to find a single vehicle mod . 
  one 's best bet is to go out and make it on your own, 
  sorry , i did n't get the memo . 
  when did you become the overseer of / r/fitness to make such statements ? 
  you just humblebragged about it , apart fom that : i for one like to read about other people 's accomplishments . 
  i hate this `` i do n't want to read about weak people '' mentality some have going on here . 
  if someone has a personal goal and meets it , that 's great . 
  there is literally nothing bad about it . 
  it can be hugely frustrating when you 're told you 're a weak fuck after you 've done something you 're proud of . 
  it ruins the entire accomplishment and you gain zero from it . 
   some of them are modeling the new light strike vehicles , vtols and other assets . 
  it will be a while before any of this sees the light of day , but it 's all shaping up very nicely . 
  vtol , thank you based bohemia, 
  you can buy a raspberry pi for 25 bucks , set it up remotely and hidden from a possible intruder and upload the images to the pi . 
  you can also setup a script to automatically delete the folder once a week , so it does n't clog up with unneeded images, 
  sorry for being a scrub : what is pt ? 
  do n't dismiss the idea right away , they are super small and with a case basically not noticeable when placed under a desk . 
  you save on yearly / monthly costs , data plans and you have full control over your data . 
  when your server host goes down or your isp cuts out there wo n't be any images saved , but the pi will continue to operate as its functions are tied to the pc, 
  tied in the sense that they form a network that is not dependent on an internet connection , meaning even if you 're offline the pi and your pc will still be able to communicate . 
  as an important note : for things like that you do n't want to go for video . 
  1 frame per second is actually quite solid . 
  if you feel like it you can bump it up to 2 or 5 but you definitely do n't want 30 fps @ 720p running 24/7 . 
  your server will be filled up within a day or two . 
  aim for higher quality image but just a few per second . 
  security cameras very rarely provide video footage but they do often just stitch images together . 
  was he busy or just lost interest in arma ? 
  i subbed to his channel because of the great content he had, 
  oh okay , that 's cool . 
  i was wondering why his videos slowed down and eventually stopped , hence why i unsubbed . 
  is the phantactical channel still operational or do you have a new one ? 
  all about practice , chuck down a plane , some ground units and a darter in the editor and happy practice, 
  edit : who the shit downvotes for advice to practice ? 
  i 've had a trackir 5 and it worked beautifully while it lasted . 
  with that being said there are two things i have to critize about it : number one being the trackclip pro that you can additionally buy with it . 
  due to it 's nature it did n't fit on the bar of my headset , forcing me to use cableties alongside with it , which was a less than ideal solution . 
  my second complaint goes towards the lifetime of the trackir . 
  apparently i am an isolated instance but it 's still worth noting . 
  i have n't used my trackir 5 for a couple of months . 
  i got out of flight simming and so it just sat there unused and untouched . 
  when i wanted to re-use it again the software did n't recognize the trackir at all and it would n't turn on . 
  i sent a few emails back and forth with naturalpoint but since i bought from a third party vendor in europe ( since shipping directly from natural point was madly expensive ) they coudl n't do anything for me . 
  it is beyond me why or how the thing broke down but it did . 
  i do n't blame anyone and naturalpoint was really nice throughout the entire support back and forth-ing but in the end of the day it was +180 bucks down the drain . 
  you can give your character a custom face in the profiles menu , but that 's about it as far as visuals go . 
  now there is some headwear like bandanas , balaklavas or berets that you can put on , but those are items like helmets . 
  the ghillie is just a uniform like anything else . 
  the tattoos are actually a uniform from a character from the main story campaign, 
  yes they are all uniforms . 
  you can use the arsenal or vas to equips these, 
  is the unit you placed down surrounded by a red or pink circle ? 
  you may have placed a not playable unit down, 
  cheat days can be a solid morale booster when you 're on a cut . 
  obviously do n't go overboard but a 90 day cut can be awful if you 're not allowed to treat yourself with something sugary or fat at least once . 
  as cool as this looks i 'll hold my wallet back until they roll out a wider range of vehicles . 
  i want to see the tank gameplay and helicopters first , before i can pull the trigger . 
  it would be a big turnoff for me , if a tank could be operated by a single guy effectively like in battlefield . 
  just because you delete mods you downloaded via the workshop does n't mean you 're unsubscribed .
