  audio is all over the place . 
  barely any ingame sound , radio is kinda quiet but your own voice blasts through my speakers . 
  i like the kind of footage but i 'd like to see the aforementioned more balanced out, 
  sorry to break it to you pal but the cpu in this system and dated . 
  it will allegedly see a bit of performance increase with dx12 coming to newer games but at least in arma you wo n't be able to see +60 fps , at least on maxed out settings . 
  i 'm not saying it 's money wasted but for that money you probably could have gotten a better cpu out of it, 
  i do n't know about that specific card but generally speaking older cards are less likely to support new features fully such as dx12, 
  define `` worth it '' , please, 
  when someone asks for your specs in regards to performance in arma they are usually interested in your cpu . 
  the game engine does n't give two shits about your gpu so it does n't really matter if you 're rocking a 780 , 390 or 980ti, 
  you need to get used to it and rest a ton , that 's all there is too it . 
  i always do dls right after squats and i can go pretty heavy on both . 
  the analogy does n't really work . 
  we begin with the simplest because everything else depends on it . 
  someone who has never learned math ca n't be taught how to integrate without prior knowledge of basic math operators . 
  programming languages do n't depend on each other like that . 
  is python simpler than c ? 
  sure . 
  but can you learn one without knowing the other ? 
  also yes, 
  no but addition and subtraction depend on each other and so do division and multiplication . 
  and you need knowledge of all of these operators to do more advanced operations such as deriving . 
  i agree that the simpler will be more simple to learn , but more than a handful of people have started out with c or c++ and are still doing fine today, 
  what 's a good alternative to pendlay rows ? 
  they are putting an uncomfortable amount of stress on my lower back and i 'd like to avoid them . 
  nope as straight as it gets, 
  is there a changelog for pc 1.03 yet or is it the same as the console patch ? 
  i have n't posted a form check but a personal trainer at my gym said my form is okay, 
  true but if i recall correctly it 's only the model that opens , not the hitbox , right ? 
  for example but even hofer has cheap phones, 
  is n't your first statement flawed ? 
  just because the i3 4xxx is higher clocked does not mean it 's faster than the i5 6xxx since they are based off different architectures with possibly different ipcs, 
  when you say `` help me make ... '' what exactly have you done already ? 
  well then start working on it . 
  find a few modding tutorials , read the bi documentation and get cracking . 
  do n't expect anyone here to work for you on this large project , especially for free . 
  mate all modders in arma are self taught . 
  there are no official arma modding academy 's . 
  as far as it goes for modelling pick a program and dive in . 
  bender could be a good start . 
  for scripting just read the bi documentation, 
  i know you said `` help me make this '' but the following paragraph sounds more like an assignment :, 
   i would like to see this in arma because it would be great for special operators to get around quickly and quietly . 
  it makes things better and more realistic for special operations units . 
  ** it would be great if someone could get this in-game as accurate as possible fully functional . 
  ** there is a model at the bottom that i liked most . 
  coding c++ on the pi is not much different than coding anywhere else . 
  the most common pi os raspbian comes with g + + preinstalled so you can use the same code of your uni projects on your pi . 
  a good starting point is [ wiringpi ] ( http://wiringpi.com/ ) a c/c + + library that helps you interact with the gpio pins , although i guess technically you could write all of that yourself if you 're into this kind of stuff . 
  good luck !, 
  i 'd say its gym dependent . 
  if your gym has its own area for deadlifts then by all means you should do them there . 
  but my gym for example only has 3 squats racks with little space in front of them . 
  what people usually do is lift the barbells out of the rack onto the floor and dl in front of the the rack . 
  are you talking about icf ? 
  because if so then yes it is . 
  it 's just a modified sl 5x5 from what i can tell . 
  and by modified i mean `` added a bunch of accessory lifts '' . 
  nothing un-legit with that . 
  no you do n't need to establish them as variables . 
  think of a variable as a drawer that can hold a value . 
  the only char variable that gets a value is userchoice , all the others like a , b , c , etc are just empty drawers , so what 's the point in having them if you do n't need them, 
  a modern compiler would get rid of unused variables anyway . 
  and a good compiler should also warn you about them . 
  every variable you initialize will take up memory . 
  are you using dx11 or 12 ? 
  because the game is known to crash left right and center with the latter, 
  no , a few programs are just modified sl 5x5 after all . 
  check out ice cream fitness . 
  you get out of here with your facts !, 
  create a ticket on the feedback tracker, 
  oh i heard about the security breach but i did n't know it 's still down . 
   vanilla 's psuedo-futuristic equipment, 
  what ? 
  also how is this in any way related to cti ? 
  the price for this particular card including shipping and import ( at least to my euro-country ) is about 380 euros . 
  plus you ca n't compare the two . 
  you are offering op here a xfx card but op is eying a msi . 
  what in the white house ? 
  with marines patrolling around ? 
  like the one in blood money ? 
  that seems like a tedious thing to do in a video game . 
  think of the first hitman episode , when you disguise as a waiter or technician , do you really want to follow their job routine ? 
   second , why are you using an array of chars instead of a string ? 
  a lot of schools , my uni included , teach proper usage or pointers and arrays with c-style strings in c++ . 
  i do n't know why exactly i assume its because it requires more knowledge of the topic for using them later on . 
  this here reeks of school assignment , i had similar tasks in my intro programming course in university . 
  of course instead of creating two dynamical char arrays and then comparing them letter by letter i could have used two std : : strings , but i would have failed my task . 
  in ops case a vector would probably even better but i assume its not allowed either . 
  yes , i ca n't imagine them ditching dx11 for exactly this reason . 
   we will continue to look for optimization opportunities across the board , but it would not be realistic to expect a ` magic bullet ' leap forward in arma 3 's lifetime . 
  i mean , we all knew it , but it still hurt reading that . 
  back when / u/artemisdimikaelo was a heavy contributor in / r/arma . 
  good times . 
  i 'm really torn on sapienza . 
  i loved paris i clocked in 11 hours and i 'm still not done with it . 
  on the other hand se and io are just not listening to the userbase . 
  the always online drm is bullshit and i really do n't want to support bad business practices . 
   kaffee is alle, 
  squats are one of the few exercises you ca n't really swap out for something else .
