  right we have the hud but what about the other awesome stuff they have . 
  no one will profit from it and he will get the credit . 
  it just seems selfish to me . 
  technically you do n't need to be a mission maker do you ? 
  you could just depbo the mission file after playing a session . 
  next he 'll say that 3rd person is enjoyable , altis life can be fun and milsim is not only for elitists and arm chair generals . 
  that 's an idiotic argument . 
   if this port we 're to be created it would be hugely beneficial to bohemia and the community alike . 
  double edged swords . 
  on one side you 'd have the `` this would be a great idea '' people but on the other you 'd have the `` bi are trying to grab more cash by charging us over content that they can easily port '' , `` why do i have to pay for the map when i already own dayz sa '' and of course the classic `` performance is still dreadful but they are knocking out more and more content '' . 
  i feel conflicted about this , i think chernarus has served its time and while a great map , in the realms of arma it can easily retire . 
  for the same reason i do n't necessarily like the idea of bi implementing all `` old '' , classical weapons in arma 3 ( such as the m4 , ak47 etc ) . 
  they all have their place but it feels like microwaved content , rather than fresh ideas . 
  i guess ease of installation and maintenance, 
   while calm i got a sense of hostility from him, 
  thats foxhound for you . 
  he is n't the meanest guy in the world but he is n't exactly known for his niceness either . 
  it 's a great game and well worth the price though . 
  is n't it 50 % off ? 
  because a game can be less than 5 minutes if the other team forfeits . 
  this was posted yesterday here , in / r/amd and in / r/nvidia, 
   learncpp.com -- missing or incorrect information, 
  head first java is great too, 
  accelerated c++ seems to be the book for you . 
  discouraged resource, 
  it 's all over this subreddit . 
  he does a poor job of explaining the features of a language and treats them like quirks . 
  additionally he does a poor job at naming variables , objects and classes , making it seem like it does n't matter what they are called . 
  class tuna , object name apples , wtf ? 
  it 's more than that , but an experienced programmer with english as their native language will be able to comment better on thenewboston . 
  if you google around you will find reasons against him though . 
  club danube offers a one month subscription without any additional fees . 
  the downside is that it can be expensive . 
  roughly 49-69 euros , if you are below 25 and a student it 's 49 , else the latter . 
  most gyms require you to take a year long membership . 
  look up high5 gym , it 's new you may find something there . 
  fitfabrik is also popular but neither of those are in the 22nd district . 
  i 'm on a 8350 and both arma and squad run fine-ish , though i 'm not very picky when it comes to fps . 
  i dont know if the difference between 8150 and 8350 is that big but i rarely hit below 30 fps on arma 3 . 
  however i dont play public missions , and if i do it 's nothing with ai on it and max 60 players . 
  what are the 3 major ones ? 
  i can only think of eclipse and intellij, 
  yup , it 's really nice but it crushes fps like mad because the scene has to be rendered twice . 
  not ideal in a game that is n't optimized to begin with . 
   system : windows 95/98/nt / 2000/xp, 
  speaks volumes if the supported systems lag 5 versions behind . 
  oh damn , you might have found the cure to all performance problems in arma . 
  just make the game multithreaded . 
  i will write an email to the bi devs , telling them they need to check the `` use more than 2 cores '' box in their ide . 
  luckily it 's not like the handling of threads lies deep within the engine and rewriting this system takes a lot of resources out of bi 's pocket . 
  again , i am glad you know so much about software development . 
  a designer has the same job as a developer . 
  also did you know that karts were made as a fun project in one of the devs freetime , and most of what they earned with the karts dlc was donated ? 
  same goes btw for the other dlcs . 
  the designers who made the models have no way of working on the game 's engine . 
  stop spewing bullshit . 
  you did n't , but it seems you talk a lot about things you do n't understand even in the slightest . 
  i have a sort of an unpleasant , tickling sensation in my left forearm when doing overhead press or bent over rows . 
  it only started a couple weeks back and it does n't really hurt , it 's just distracting when doing said exercises . 
  anyone know what this is or experiencing something similar ? 
  it seems to be persistent no matter if it 's a wide r narrow grip . 
  though lighter weight seems to reduce it and i do n't experience it at all on machines . 
  maybe i 'll stick to those for a while, 
  no on the first , i was always twisting my wrist so the back of my hand is in a 90 degree angle to my forearm . 
  yes on the latter, 
  never , though i have a similar feeling in the back of my left hand , when i play with my veines . 
  to make it a little bit clearer , i can let one of my veines `` jump '' between the left and right of my middle-finger palm bone . 
  though it 's not as unpleasant . 
  i ca n't comment on power usage or over clocking but i installed grub and ubuntu a while back and i do n't regret it . 
  it 's a fun operating system to tinker around in , coding ( at least beginner c++ ) is dead simple , since gcc is pre installed and you can learn a lot about bash scripting and how linux os work . 
  gpu drivers are a bit of a hassle , since im on amd , but there are worse things in life . 
  as of recently i made it so i can ssh into my machine , in case the drivers do funky stuff again . 
  you say that but i got this bug where after logging in my screen went black , cursor was still visible and the machine did n't respond to anything anymore . 
  it went completely tits up , fixing it was an experience on its own . 
  yeah it is , but as i said it 's a super fun os . 
  my uni requires you to know your way around in linux , so it was a no brained for me to install it . 
  i always found that so is a great resource for looking stuff up . 
  chances are someone had the same problem as me in the past . 
  though i usually refrain from asking questions , for the reasons mentioned by others . 
  i tried ctrl + alt + f1 , the machine didnt respond to anything . 
  i assume something messed up when it crashed during updating . 
  the problem is gone now though and i know have ssh enabled , so i can remote do / fix stuff . 
  fan bug has been fixed afaik . 
  there are no real reports of burned cards though . 
  iirc a couple people claimed their cards were fried but no one was able to provide details or proof . 
  i dont use afterburner anymore . 
  i applied an aggressive fan profile back in windows 7 , but i do n't have the urge or need to do that anymore . 
  im running everything on stock settings and i am happy with it . 
  would n't this be rule 2 ? 
  sort of unrelated but i do n't get how people can play with their game sound significantly lower than their ts / mumble / skype sound . 
  its an immersion breaker for me . 
  recruiting is not allowed per / r/arma rules . 
   gtx 970 ( more expensive , but a powerhouse ) . 
  both of those cards , although no longer cutting edge , are your best bang for your buck . 
  they 're fantastic gpus for 1080p . 
   you definitely do not need a 390 for arma, 
  in most places the 970 is roughly the same price as the 390 . 
  might as well get the 8gb over the 3.5 / .5, 
  while its overkill in 1080p for now and not needed in arma , we do n't know when op wants to upgrade his pc next time and what games will be demanding on highest settings in the future . 
  op check out / r/buildapc the folks over there are nice .
