  also squats tax your lower back as well, 
  who is this tutorial aimed at ? 
  absolute beginners ? 
  someone who already knows how to code , maybe even in c++ ? 
  someone who has programmed before but never worked with opengl ? 
  i read your tutorial and i ca n't really answer the question . 
  if you ca n't either you need to restructure your first unit and get a clear scope who this is aimed at, 
  do you need a main function to compile a c++ program ? 
  libraries or pre compiled headers do n't have a main either or do they ? 
  yeah true , the tutorial is n't ideal , i would n't recommend learning c++ via a handful of images anyway . 
  but i was wondering if a program would compile if everything would be defined in a function and no main ? 
  i would swap out the 970 for a 390 . 
  same performance , sometimes 390 beats 970 and you get twice the vram , making it a little bit more future proof . 
  someone over at gamedev said that sdl is more c-like while sfml is more c++ like . 
  if op wants to use a truly c++ library sfml might be the better choice, 
  this is just guess work but here 's my take on it . 
  take your shots fired example . 
  the engine needs to keep track of such events anyway , since pressing the button means firing your weapon , which means a bullet path needs to be tracked etc. 
  so within your weapon fire event you might as well add a statement that increments an integer each time the event happens . 
  not a huge performance hit in the grand scheme of things since adding +1 or a fraction of that is not performance demanding, 
  your metabolism is probably not drastically lower than the average , it 's all in the sidebar , you should read it, 
  please fix the formatting first, 
  woosh, 
  if you do n't create a constructor or destructor the compiler will automatically make one for your with default settings, 
  can you give a short , compile able example of your code . 
  from this but it 's hard to see what 's wrong, 
  / r/findaunit and [ the official arma units page ] ( http://units.arma3.com/ ) should help you, 
  if you ca n't do all sets with the same weight i 'd drop the weight to begin with . 
  if anything i would start lower on my first set and increase the weight throughout . 
  what program are you on that tells you to do 4x12 ? 
  the majority of reviews , tech boards and tech subreddits disagree with you, 
  the gtx 970 is more powerful than the r9 390 in arma 3 ( performance in other games may vary ) as described in this benchmark :, 
  youtube link is dead . 
  most recent reviews show the 390 actually outperforms the 970 + twice the vram y' know . 
   this 100w of extra heat is dumped into your case and so will raise the temperature of all your other components , notably your cpu , thereby limiting overclocking potential and reducing life-span . 
  so that 's to be avoided at all costs . 
  i have never heard of the argument that a hot gpu would reduce the lifespan of the cpu . 
  the cpu is completely seperately cooled . 
  the gtx 970 can be very easily ( no voltage increase ) overclocked to high ( gtx 980 ) and very high ( gtx 980 ti ) speeds, 
  but so can the 390 . 
   source : gtx 970 owner , radeon owner for 7 years , played arma series for 10 years and building pcs for 20 years . 
  this is my favorite bit . 
  you do n't even own a 390 , yet you comment heavily on it . 
  you owned amd gpus for 7 years when their market and products were completely different and you played arma for 10 years which has no actual bearing in this discussion . 
  creatine does n't need to be cycled like steroids or other medication . 
  instead of cycling it with 15g for weeks on and then off again just take 5g every day and live a happy life . 
  to answer your questions : yes if you stop taking creatine the little mass and strength gain will go back ever so slightly . 
  obviously not by the same rate, 
  this makes me want to load up dcs a10c again . 
  and then alt tab out every few seconds because i forgot how to fire any other weapon than the gau8, 
  i already feel stupid posting this but here 's the thing . 
  i study undergrad physics and i love it with passion , but maths always throws me off . 
  both algebra and analysis are really hard to grasp for me so i was wondering if anyone knows of any books that would help me understand and learn the mathematics i need to know for my degree . 
  i am working hard to understand everything i need to understand but it 's not particularly easy with the partially wrong resources we 're given in class . 
  i generally would agree but blaha did nothing else but taking sl and add a bunch of high rep accessories to it . 
  you do n't really need a phd to come up with such a workout plan, 
  maybe it 's just me but i think it looks rather silly than adding any immersion to the game . 
   then i 'm not doing any significant harm , am i ? 
  considering the money goes to charities then you 're just harming the charities the money would go to . 
  if it makes you feel any better that you technically stole from a npo sure . 
  google mal intelligent strength, 
  been doing phul for the better part of 6 months now and i really like the routine , but each day takes about 1.5-2 hours which is something i ca n't do anymore due to time restraints . 
  i was thinking of switching to a 5 or 6 day routine , where i am at the gym for only 45 minutes to an hour , any suggestions ? 
  yeah two hours is really only the upper strength and lower strength days . 
  especially the latter since i probably rest a little too long between squats and dls . 
  interesting thought though , maybe i stick to phul and give hurrying up a shot . 
  i enjoy the program a lot and would hate to ditch it, 
  your muscle might be shaking because you are not very well trained in this particular exercise . 
  this will go away with more practice . 
  from 230 to 0 in practically no more than a handful of seconds is impressive . 
  i assume you 're flying with a stick , right ? 
  online tutorials are not per se bad . 
  by the same token you should also assume that not all c++ books are inherently good . 
  the crux with c++ lies in its popularity and difficulty at the same time . 
  lots of people learn c++ in a course or class that is possibly just subpar , to only then go home and upload themselves teaching c++ on youtube with the same bad practices . 
  so it boils down to people not knowing what they 're doing teaching others and the people who were taught thinking they 're the next big thing going back on youtube teaching again . 
  i have not experienced this issue when playing against non part-party members . 
  neither in 2v2 nor 3v3 . 
  however when you 're playing against a party , everything goes downhill super fast . 
  it 's absolutely annoying when i try my best to rank back up to rising star but i get paired with someone at my skill level against a challenger 1 or 2 and his buddy who casually sits at champion . 
  naturally the champion dominates the game and i can watch my division climb lower and lower . 
  this isnt an isolated instance either , happens every couple of games . 
  a csgo-esque system where you ca n't play ranked with each other , if the rank difference between highest and lowest party member is too high . 
  if you want to play with your silver buddies and you are rising star and above do so privately or unranked . 
  do n't ruin the game for others . 
  it 's not about the extra space , the joke is that windows has a feature called `` ready boost '' which allows you to technically transform a usb drive into ram , in case you run out of memory . 
  of course since usb is significantly slower than actual ram it does nothing else but wearing your usb drives down . 
  it 's really not . 
  ram is made for constantly being accessed and rewritten , flash drives are not . 
  on top of them being practically misused in this scenario you also have no performance gain . 
  the only situation where i can imagine this would be a good solution is if you 're on a low end machine with 2gb or less ram and you 're trying to open multiple browser tabs and applications . 
  fair enough , you learn something new every day !, 
  i 'm hovering between 55 % and 60 % currently im closer to 55 as a i climbed down a couple of divisions, 
  that footage is from the arma 2 dayz mod , it does n't show any indication of the current game does n't matter how broken it is . 
  delete all traces from arma 3 outside of your steam folder . 
  i ca n't remember where its stored but a faulty profile could prevent the game from launching . 
  profiles are stored either in my documents or appdata, 
  inconsistent bugs are really hard to track down , since the cause of the issue is not often clear . 
  i believe that 's the case with this little glitch . 
  since it does n't happen all the time but only sometimes bi is n't really sure whats causing it and thus ca n't fix it,
