  there is no difference between altis life and life . 
  although there exists a mod called arma 3 life which is opposed to altis life a modification the client needs to run . 
  it adds more content to the game , while altis life only uses existing assets, 
  i have a similar setup as you and i can tell you straight away that your cpu is the issue . 
  even overclocking wo n't help much i 'm afraid . 
  the bulldozer architecture is the bottleneck of this rig . 
  tweaking might get you a few fps more but that 's about it . 
  as i said i have a similar setup , i too run an amd fx 8350 . 
  you have two options , switch to an intel cpu or come to terms with it . 
  do you have a source for that claim ? 
  both . 
  on multiple posts in different threads i keep reading that arma 3 runs on 1 core and ca n't do multi threading because of engine limitations . 
  i am genuinely curious if those posts were wrong . 
  secondly i 'd love to read more about the ipc in amd fx cpus, 
  thanks , i appreciate the information !, 
  how exactly did you find out how arma 3 uses threads ? 
  is there some sort of diagnostics tool to find that out ? 
  [ repost ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/arma/comments/2t2h2s/arma_iii_trailer_in_4k_resolution_by_cinema_video/ ), 
  sounds like the mission requires addons you do n't have, 
  quite possibly not able to mod that in , since the this feature needs to be in the engine and you 'd have to create copies of all existing vehicles which have soft bodies as material and not rigid bodies . 
  it 's a cool idea but i do n't expect seeing it in the game . 
  that depends on if a3 life gets reported and bohemia decides to take legal action . 
  so in theory : yes . 
  in reality : only time will show, 
  can you also visualize an arial view of all spots that would not be able to receive the signal ? 
  as is how the wave expands and where it bounces off ? 
  i 'd love to see that as well . 
  good work on acre2 gentlemen, 
  yes sort of , this is a really cool video !, 
  i was always under the impression that a signal would rather bounce off a hill than passing through it . 
  do you have any visualization of what it would look like when a signal tried to connect with the receiving end but it does n't reach it due to terrain interference ? 
  you ca n't force a game to use dx12 when the game 's engine is not laid out for that . 
  yes it can be ported , but saying that a3 will automatically use dx12 when using windows 10 is just wrong, 
  thank you for the quick reply !, 
  incidentally said exam will also be about complex numbers , as such i will need to look into this sooner or later . 
  thanks for the insight !, 
  the poly count seems rather high , any impact on performance when using multiple of those in a mission ? 
  so good model but the weapon itself is rather pointless ? 
  so much for based god then ... whats the purpose of an addon you ca n't really use ? 
  playability  looks, 
  the lack of asdg is not even the real dealbreaker here . 
  rather the impact on performance due to high poly . 
  edit : well , impact mentioned by others . 
  i have n't gotten a chance to test it myself, 
  cheap is a rather subjective term . 
  what is your budget ? 
  would you also need to buy a new mainboard or do you have one you could get second hand ? 
  you need to connect to the wifi and then go to wien.gv.at you will be forwarded to a prompt afterwards you can use it for free, 
  more cores does not mean more performance . 
  more cores means ( in theory ) more parallelism . 
  but the speed of the individual cores is more important than the sum of all cores . 
  a 1.2 ghz single core will perform faster at certain tasks than a 1.0 ghz dual core . 
  maybe you should read up on how cpus ** actually ** work before giving terrible advice . 
  www.learnopengl.com was a ressource recommended earlier in a different thread today . 
  austria , central europe here . 
  we have all kinds of chocolate here , some of the most famous specialties . 
  pm me if you 're interested, 
  [ apart from android devices ] ( http://www.itpro.co.uk/vpns/23770/netflix-modifies-its-android-app-to-block-vpn-access ), 
  bohemia has specifically stated that especially with the newer updates third party memory allocators should be avoided . 
  as a matter of fact i would generally advise staying away from any performance enhancements other than what is provided ingame . 
  as far as it goes for your issue try to contact bi or head over to the bohemia forums and hope someone from the developers sees your thread . 
  if you 've deleted everything arma3 related , reinstalled it and it still does n't launch ( granted you try to launch it via steam , no special launch parameters ) there is nothing i would know you could do without reinstalling your os . 
  edit : thanks for the downvote !, 
  what do you mean by good code to read ? 
  are you talking about a readable formatting style ? 
  an easy to understand code for beginners ? 
  a large project that has been thoroughly documented / commented ? 
  again , depending on your level of knowledge and how large the project should be but if you 're interested in game development [ quake 's source code ] ( https://github.com/id-software/quake ) is publicly available for example . 
  edit : my brain completely blanked out the 11 in ops question and title . 
  of course quake was written way before c++ 11 existed . 
  and what exactly is the question ? 
  have you done any work on your trying to solve this ? 
  * infrared, 
  and it 's probably not so much the strength of the laser that is keeping you from lasing targets with the attachment , but a different wavelength . 
  i imagine irl bombs , missiles and the like are calibrated only to `` listen '' to a certain wavelength , so multiple gunships can fire missiles at the same time without interfering with one another . 
  you do n't really need unique filters . 
  just have a sensor that picks up light in a certain range and process everything else inside the missile . 
  the laser is probably modulated in a certain way , but the missile still needs to be able to distinguish when there are multiple targets to lock . 
  you already asked this question here a couple of days ago . 
  then you had literally no code to show off , this time you present us with code but it 's nowhere near actually solving the problem . 
  without knowing what you know in c++ i would n't really know how to help you . 
  do you know how to use arrays ? 
  do you know how classes work ? 
  because personally i 'd use those two . 
  why do people keep linking this , when it says on big red letters that the guide is outdated and there 's a new one here :, 
  i would use the guide with caution though . 
  yesterday someone posted in / r/arma that they used a third party memory allocator and now their game does n't start any longer , even after reinstall . 
  the amd is your bottleneck and unless you plan to upgrade i suggest just living with it . 
  i do at least, 
  the versions are essentially the same . 
  arma 3 premium or whatever it 's name is just comes with a few digital goodies such as the soundtrack , a digital map etc. 
  also i would just like to chip in do not buy from a key store , wait until the game is on steam sale . 
  that is not entirely true . 
  the karts dlc funds were partially donated . 
  the rest of the dlcs goes to bohemia, 
  you got ta remember that also included in the dlc were the afm and firing from vehicles . 
  i know those were free but i would have happily paid for them . 
  because that is not the point of the game . 
  and i would n't want to pay for assets i already paid for in a previous game . 
  the community is doing a great job at porting them over .
