  if i remember correctly they used 2 ags30 and all possible underslung grenade launchers they had . 
  to say the least it was a mess , not only was our assault stopped in its tracks but we lost 90 % of our force , those who did n't they from the wave of grenades were shot by the dshkm in an attempt to retreat . 
  in the debrief a lot of people were pissed , complaining how it was completely unfair , and how the opposing force was just a bunch of cowards and well to a certain degree i agreed back then . 
  it was kind of a boring move but the opposing force was successful and in all fairness , they used their grenade launchers perfectly fine : shooting at vague positions were the enemy might be in a vicinity . 
  later tvts we ran had some regulations on them such as no grenade launchers at all or no mounted weapons ( tanks excluded ) but i found that rather boring . 
  and wish we would have stuck to the no rule thing . 
  tl ; dr if your group consists of mostly butthurt members , establish rules that even out all advantages and disadvantages on both sides . 
  if your group prefers the realism and roleplay aspect , ditch restrictions and have fun . 
   in your sessions , did you use respawn points ? 
  or was death permanent ? 
  both , we had multiple mission makers and such decisions were usually up to the creator of the mission . 
   also , the guys on our squad likes the rp side of arma , but there is a catch : when we tried tvt , they forgot that and just wanted to shoot everything that moved . 
  do you believe this could be corrected using guidelines or some rules ( like do n't kill an unarmed soldier , etc. . ) ? 
  no , as far as my experience goes , there are certain things that ca n't be enforced and you should n't try to because it just annoys people . 
  i.e rules such as `` dont use thermal optics on your apcs '' ca n't be really enforced , but what you can do is run a script on the server that turns it off for all of them . 
  you do n't want your mission participants to go full rambo and proceed carefully ? 
  use a medical system that punishes wounds tougher , take away respawns and unlimited vehicle supplies . 
   do you believe this could be corrected using guidelines or some rules ( like do n't kill an unarmed soldier , etc. . ), 
  try to have a realistic mission objective for both sides , make sure both sides now that their own lives should be valued more than the mission objective ( as it would be irl ) . 
  at the end of the day you ca n't create the perfect tvt for your group in one day . 
  it 's all about trial and error , run multiple tvts , some asymmetrical some symmetrical , with rules and without and above all communicate with your own unit . 
  they will be able to tell you what they liked and what they did n't . 
  your best bet would be to go to server owners , not us . 
  what are we supposed to do over here ? 
  it is never advised to run the campaign with any mods , as it wasnt designed to function with them, 
  it 's a rather common name in some countries . 
  what 's your point ? 
  thanks for the reply !, 
  the size is not the problem as we have a fixed size of 20 people . 
  the real problem is that i do n't know what data type the array should be . 
  is it as simple as inside the list class have person p [ 20 ] ? 
  the error messages are not what 's stopping you from joining . 
  verify your game cache and empty your mission cache , then rejoin the server . 
  it wo n't unfortunately it also does n't launch apple 's hardware diagnostics . 
  the only thing it launches is the start up manager , which is virtually unusable . 
  i do n't have access to a mac other than this one . 
  can i single out the option that the cable between hard drive and mainboard died or is loose ? 
  it does make a very silent clicking noise when it tries to boot , yes !, 
  actually relieving to know the source of the issue . 
  i can replace a hdd myself so i do n't need to send it to apple nor do i need to go to some shady engineers to fix the issue . 
  thanks a lot for the assistance !, 
  put the code into a . sqf inside your mission folder , and simply call the . sqf inside the trigger . 
  it 's been a while since i 've done arma scripting but there is a fairly large amount of tutorials and documentation on how to do it . 
  you got a job as developer and not once in the interview you were asked about your knowledge in a vital field of the job ? 
  web development is a rather broad topic , get to know the tools you are working with and what exactly you need to do . 
  come back with more specific topics and we can help you out . 
  as someone else pointed out , the odin project is said to be a good source for beginners . 
   i respect your right to differ in opinion, 
  and, 
   a sincere fuck you buddy !, 
  you sound like a giant pussy . 
  sound a bit contradicting to each other . 
  and of course an obligatory :, 
   just remember who 's on the wall defending your right to have that opinion . 
  the police force ? 
  it 's not really like there are other countries on the us border waiting to fall in and kick over your right of free speech . 
  while i see where you are coming from i have to agree with / u/darkarchon11 there are more important things in the world than improving and further developing war . 
  edit : as a matter of fact , what / u/darkarchon11 said is correct , who says the you are in the military that protects his rights ? 
  stop assuming everyone is american . 
  what if we used the global funds spent on the military and just shifted it into the social sector , so people all over the world would n't have to rely on a ) other militaries from other countries to do the job their local force can do and b ) illegally immigrating into other countries or smuggling drugs . 
  read my other response to you about shifting the funds spent on military . 
   he who controls the biggest stick controls the majority of the decisions made . 
  only if people like you keep supporting this idea . 
   the vast majority of `` western '' countries all live under the security blanket the us military provides , simple fact . 
  i am fairly sure nato would be able to defend itself on it 's own without the support from us troops . 
  but then again you have provided not facts to support your statement , neither have i , thus both statements are not valid . 
   if it was n't for us many would be either speaking german ( the non democratic version ), 
  i 'm speaking german , let me tell you there is no democratic or non democratic version . 
  it 's all german , but sure go ahead and draw that 1945 card . 
  it 's not like that card lost it 's validation in a modern world . 
  let 's talk about the fuck ups the us and it 's military had , shall we ? 
   in literally every instance where a living thing has to compete over resources with another living thing , the one who is strongest will always come out on top . 
  that 's why a large , well funded military is absolutely necessary . 
  only if we continue fueling the weapons industries . 
  yet again : even distribution of worldwide military funds into education , global health and equal standards in all countries would easily lead to a better living standard worldwide . 
  now riddle me this : europe has n't actively started or fought in a war since 1945 , yet we 've had an outstanding success . 
  especially germany and austria which were ruined by the war have developed great . 
  how so ? 
  must be even more confusing for you considering austria has one of the smallest armed forces in the entirety of europe . 
  put down your tinfoil hat , my friend . 
   ive made the posting on / r/findaunit already , and havent heard back , so im curious if this is a rather niche mindset in communities, 
  really ? 
  / r/findaunit is known for it 's rather aggressive recruiting , where you are being spammed with units that do n't actually fit what you are looking for . 
  anyway , what you are looking for is indeed a rather niche mindset . 
  im pretty sure you wo n't find solely pvp with single life and decent numbers . 
  however if you check out the group listing on the right side you might find a unit that relies more on pvp than coop . 
  and some of those pvp events might be hardcore single life , but again it 's a rather small portion of what people play . 
  good luck finding one !, 
  the formatting of your post is absolutely terrible , but sure lets go ahead . 
  let me first clarify that when im speaking about europe , i am of course speaking about the main bond between european countries that being the eu . 
  now if we break down what you wrote i see a lot of wars that happened under the ussr and in no way in the european union , yugoslav wars which happened in between them and not the eu and former yugoslavia . 
  you also wrote down the crimean crisis which is fun , because it was induced by russia and the european union , nato and the rest of europe tried it 's best to stay out of it to not start a new war against russia . 
  the european union was formed in built in a bombed and ruined europe , our people did their best to keep up the peace and so far we have greatly succeeded . 
  furthermore i refuse to argue any further with you , if you keep ignoring the questions you were asked by multiple people in the thread . 
  have a nice day !, 
  i do n't get angry at formatting , it 's just hard to read what you 've posted there , thus making it hard to respond to . 
  anyway . 
  these questions :, 
   how do other countries than the us manage to get by without having a giant military apparatus worth more than several small countries combined ? 
  you 've said something about the world being super evil and only the guy with the biggest gun rules it but you have n't actually answered it .
