  last week ( ? ), 
  youtube took down the channel i hate everything for no apparent reason . 
  some believe it was due to a copyright strike ( as he sometimes critiques bad movies ) , others say that someone spam flagged one of his videos as `` hate speech '' and so it got taken down . 
  he got it back now but a ton of high profile youtubers responded to that . 
  additionally youtube seems to value it 's `` prankster '' channels more than others . 
  there was a guy ( pyrocyinical i believe was the name ) who called out sam pepper and got his video taken down due to copyright strikes , even though he made use of the fair use policy . 
  more and more youtubers are calling for a less automated and a more human response system . 
  currently if there is an issue with your channel youtube will not respond to it directly but send a bunch of premade mails , that might not even correlate to what is going on . 
  as you might be able to guess , for some people youtube is their primary source of income . 
  if their channel is banned or receives strikes it might mean no more money for them , which is basically the equivalent of being fired for no good reason and not being able to get back to your job . 
  edit : here is the video where i hate everything explains the situation, 
  here he calls out youtube for their shitty business, 
  and here is pyrocyincal 's video i mentioned, 
  bonus video of a fairly popular guy who quits youtube because of a similar reason, 
  more edit : currently on the front page of / r/videos this also gives insight, 
  sam pepper , prankinvasion , ocktv etc etc. 
  the kind of fake pranks you constantly see on youtube . 
  while they technically should violate community guidelines since , they often display violent content youtube does n't seem to interfere because it generates them a shit ton of revenue . 
  to put this into perspective : the channel gradeaundera exposed one of these prank videos as fake , he used video evidence he showed frame by frame to prove that the punches were staged . 
  youtube decided to age restrict gradeaundera 's video , because it was showing violent content , however the original video , where the actual punching and kicking is happening no age restriction was set in place . 
  this shows that yt has kind of a double standard when it comes to giving out community guideline strikes against channels that create a lot of traffic for them . 
  i would n't call 365k subscribers small . 
  that 's also not nearly the full picture of what happened . 
  what a shame , i 'm not much of a gun enthusiast but i enjoyed his videos . 
  it 's a normal job like tv show host, 
  is n't alcatraz just one big building on a small island ? 
  the arma engine and buildings do n't go super well together, 
  interesting , i have n't encountered any of these in 1v1 . 
  mz experiences range from rage quitters when you are 3 goals ahead ( sometimes just one ) , people who will call every shot of yours lucky and insult you to genuinely nice people who are fun to play with . 
  if 1v1 isnt yours , try doubles . 
  imho that 's where the fun is really at . 
  what you are asking here is beyond trivial . 
  that 's not definition , you can barely make out the shape of the muscle . 
  bulk up , cut down and come back when you are at the same weight with less body fat, 
  you could have riddled that yourself . 
  if someone tells you you lack muscle and definition , what is the most logical conclusion ? 
  build more muscle and then work on the definition . 
  it 's not like this witchcraft has been kept a secret, 
  this sub , dare i say it , requires some level of knowledge . 
  for beginner critique go to / r/fitness . 
  and no one cares when you first touched a barbell , beginner is beginner . 
  the criticism given to you was neither rude nor inaccurate , it 's expected from you to translate this on your own into your workout and nutrition . 
  outright saying that someone is on gear and has no clue what they are talking about does n't get you many friends here, 
  clearly , yes, 
  what did you expect ? 
  you insulted a user of this sub on a pretty low level and as such the sub took it as a direct insult to themselves . 
  you ca n't be going round throwing shit in people 's faces and expect them to hand you flowers . 
  also , yes . 
  i ca n't find it anymore ( deleted ? ), 
  but you also told the same guy that he is an asshole and that you do n't believe he has a girlfriend . 
  thats a quote from my memory , so it might be inaccure , you know what i am talking about . 
  you still deleted your original post that started all this . 
  why is it so hard for you to just drop it and move on ? 
  do you need some positive feedback by some dudes on the internet ? 
  two hours ago you said you would stop posting yet we are here, 
  you 'd be better off if you 'd start the latter . 
  anyway i 'm out , this has been going on for too long . 
  i went from actually sympathizing with you over your hurt feelings to being annoyed by your supreme level of butt hurt . 
  see you next monday !, 
  because there is no simple solution to this . 
  this is an extreme difficult task, 
   you 're sooooo caught up in the `` no girlfriend '' comment , it 's actually pretty sad . 
  the only thing that 's sad is that after roughly 12 hours and 3 subreddits you 're still on this . 
  what do you expect to gain out of this discussion ? 
  some people already white knighted in and complimented your average muscle mass , what more do you want ? 
  first image on the website `` the old dogs mature community '', 
  video title `` faggot '' . 
  sure got a mature community there bro, 
  honest question : why do you ** still ** care ? 
  jimmies rustled too hard ? 
  im not saying you are immature ( though some dude in the video did say ` who is the faggot now ' ) , i 'm just saying that it 's not really a mature community if people are casually calling each other faggots when passing by . 
  if this dude is in your server i suspected he is part of the community , y' know . 
  no you got downvotes because its not really quality content and altis life on top of that , something thats rather frowned upon in this sub . 
  then you posted the website and ip which is forbidden by the rules :, 
   unit recruitment/advertisement posts are not allowed here and will be removed . 
   i read somewhere that you should not down vote just because you do n't agree, 
  welcome to reddit , this is encouraged but the majority of the crowd ignores it . 
  before posting to any sub i recommend hanging out there for a few days and picking up the general vibe of the community . 
  to me its the fact that the floor is angled , thus making predicting where the ball goes a bit different . 
  additionally the walls curve away as they go open rather than going up in a straight line , which makes wall shots , at least for me , tougher . 
  so you and 4 other people are not able to pick up arma 's scripting language and do this on your own ? 
  in my experience it 's 50 percent `` gg '' the other 50 split up in just leaving without saying anything or calling you lucky / bad at the game depending on the final score . 
  you could use fraps or if you have an nvidia gpu use shadowplay . 
  alternatively for amd gpus use raptr, 
  do you know how to get rid of the overlay in the top left corner ? 
  it 's subtle but super distracting, 
  yeah that 's it , i 'll check it out when i get home, 
  thanks !, 
  im an idiot for missing that, 
  oh man the rollercoaster . 
  i was in gold 1 with 745 points , figured since the update is still a few days away i 'd try to gain more . 
  but then i started spiraling down , my lowest was 625 , now back at 666 . 
  i was originally at 702 and thought to myself i 'd stop . 
  but then i wanted to see how far i could get , well the rest is history . 
  why was the rich piana malcolm in the middle post removed ? 
  it had upvotes , a lively discussion , everything . 
  i dual boot ubuntu and ever since i swapped to an amd card my experiences with it are nightmare-ish, 
  this goes for basic and for advanced, 
  i also lose the rumble effect when not using ds4windows , so theres that . 
  im not the guy who asked the original question anyway , im not too bothered by the xbox buttons , sine i mostly remapped my keys anyway .
