  on a side note @ does n't work on reddit . 
  to link the page of a user you must do / u/gaybodybuilder and for subreddits do / r/bodybuilding, 
  have you read the links in the sidebar ? 
  i do n't let the scale determine if i should cut or bulk , i use the mirror and my lifts . 
  happy with your lifts but not your physique ? 
  cut . 
  happy with your physique but not your lifts ? 
  bulk . 
  happy with both ? 
  maintain . 
  people are no longer in a rush to get to the next skill group for a crown , at least thats my take on it . 
  i am in challenger elite and i am mostly facing challenger elite with sometimes rising star or challenger 3 . 
  all of them have silver crowns as well . 
  every now and then i see a gold crown but not too often . 
  do n't let rp deceive you, 
  i feel like the problem with season 1 rating was that it punished you too hard for losing . 
  i have roughly a win loss rating of 60 % so out of 10 games i will win 6 . 
  the issue to me was that for one you could always encounter smurfs which will kick you down 10-11 points or gain you only 4-6 . 
  the other one being that i could play these 10 games and even if i only lost and gained 8 points per game i would overall progress only 8 up . 
  if that trend would be persistent i would have to play 100 games to get 80 points up which still is n't enough to rank up . 
  you have to play consistently really good to rank up , which is next to impossible when solo queuing, 
  especially during the last two weeks before the patch gold became incredibly hard to get , as if people were suddenly playing a lot better, 
  no one specific a perm or temp ban though ? 
  this is not true . 
  first post but no image , gg, 
  as funny as that sounds , why do n't we get an amd flag ? 
  / u/psyonix _ dave can you comment on this ? 
  a rolls the ball up , b walls it off towards the goal , a positioned in the meantime in center ready for the aerial , score . 
  nice shot !, 
  great pass !, 
  first people complained because the ranked points were no good indicator of skill and you could drop out of ranks too easily . 
  now this has been fixed with a different systems that does n't immediately punish you for losing and people are still complaining . 
  imho it 's a fairly comprehensible system , play consistently good and rank up . 
  it 's like that in csgo as well and people do n't bitch there, 
  we have these threads on a daily basis , if you 're interested i wrote up what my main gripe with season 1 was and why i think it 's a bad system . 
  check it out here https://www.reddit.com/r/rocketleague/comments/45fqzr/i_feel_like_s1_pointsranking_system_got_a_lot_of/czxi13g, 
   oktober 23 , 2015, 
  do n't worry , we can have neither . 
  last week someone posted a screenshot of the piano man in malcolm in the middle , it got upvotes and comments but suddenly the post vanished and was nowhere to be seen . 
  if it this sub would be run according to some people we 'd have nothing but daily threads by the not and nothing else . 
  thread was deleted , that 's why op could n't find it, 
  that 's it . 
  as soon as i finish my whey i just wash the shaker out and let it dry over the night, 
  yes . 
  since we do n't live in your area or even know what country you live in , i recommend asking in the gyms around you , rather than reddit . 
  however in my experience , if it 's a small gym owned by a person rather than a company you have better chances, 
  matchmaking has one flaw currently imho and thats that any rank can play competitive matches with any other rank in a party . 
  i recently played with a buddy of mine ( both at challenger elite ) competitive doubles and we were paired against a premade consisting of a champion and a prospect 3 . 
  naturally we got our ass handed to us . 
  the prospect did n't do anything , barely got over 100 points while the champion was hitting the most insane shots totalling him ~ 1500 points . 
  i believe there should be a maximum rank difference for competitive matches . 
  if you want to play with your lower ranked buddies do it in unranked matches , but do n't ruin the experience for everyone else as well . 
  edit : i want to add : other than this instance i am usually paired with reasonable opponents . 
  highest i faced in soloqueuing was a challenger elite and superstar . 
  well in csgo for example you just do n't get to play if one of your party 's member rank is too far apart from the highest / lowest . 
  i personally think psyonix should cap it off at 4 ranks difference . 
  a prospect 3 should only be able to pair with someone who is challenger 3 . 
  as i said my buddy and i are challenger elite , maybe rising star , but still no match against a champion . 
  it is absolutely right imho . 
  no one benefits from such a game where one team is average and the other team consists of a low tier and a top tier player . 
  the average team will lose , the low tier player will just get carried into a skill group where they will constantly lose and the top tier player plays against people who are no match against him . 
  if you are in the highest ranks and you want play with your prospect friends then do it in unranked matches or play private matches , do n't ruin the games for other people , this is just another form of smurfing . 
  i can accept that i wo n't win every match against equally skilled opponents , but pairing me against the top players of the game when i am just above average is unfair, 
  there was a thread about this yesterday , if you are interested read my comment on it [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/rocketleague/comments/46ep2m/your_opinions_on_the_new_matchmaking/d04gdbw ), 
  get back to us when you hear back from their support . 
  it does n't recognise my 8350 or 390 either , but i do n't want to contact amd support with proof of the gpu/cpu i purchased when theres no point . 
  mentioning a units website , not saying that you are recruiting and immediately linking the recruit page raises some eyebrows . 
  it 's also in violation of this subs rules . 
  take the website out do n't mention any names and you 're good . 
  its not helping though . 
  op asked how to play arma and a helpful response would be `` you can play in a clan , check out / r/findaunit '' . 
  a not helpful response is a shameless plug of your uber unit that op cant even play on because of timezone and ping restrictions . 
  the linked clan was an australian unit , how is that helpful . 
   chill fam , we 're all adults playing video games here . 
  let that sink in before you take things so seriously . 
  right now we are not playing games , we are talking through a subreddit , that has certain rules in place . 
  there are people who play a lot more than you and cheat as well . 
  since it 's a community ban from what i gather you ca n't do anything about it . 
  i believe the downvotes occured because this guy has made 3 threads thus far about his ban . 
  while false positives do exist they are rare , unless the ban was inflicted by a person . 
  i am glad that op got it sorted out , but there is no way to ensure a false positive does n't occur again , since they are literally errors and can happen to anyone . 
   if i was banned i would make it a crusade , especially if i was innocent . 
  and you have every right to do so , but that does n't mean that people need to care about your crusade . 
   admins do n't give a shit unless you make a big deal out of it . 
  broad statement . 
  i am part of a rather large arma group , if one of our admins falsely bans a player , the player has the chance to appeal the ban . 
  if it was indeed a false positive the player gets unbanned and can continue on their way . 
  generally the larger the community the more it is likely that your ban will be reconsidered . 
  if you got banned from some 12 year olds wasteland server that sucks , but if the kid says no then its no . 
  well in sl you 're supposed to stick to the same weight if you ca n't lift it 5x5 ( 5 reps 5 sets ) . 
  if you can then you increase the weight by 2.5 lbs if you ca n't then you try with the same weight next time . 
  if you fail for more than 3 or 4 workouts then you night want to deload so you get to 5x5 again, 
  how long does it take for creatine at 5g/day to show its effects ? 
  other way around as well : if i take 5g/day creatine for a year and then stop , how long until my body adapts to the missing creatine ? 
  sure , but plateauing in one routine is n't a reason to swap it out . 
  the routine you posted has a different goal then sl, 
  are you implying that within one day creatine stores that extra 2lb of water in my muscle ? 
  can i get a source for that ? 
  yeah it looks alright, 
  edit : tough im not a fan of the abs stuff,
