  it would also make sense why agm and cse have been rather slow with updates . 
  koffeinflummi 's commits on github drastically went down around the beginning of february , around the time the above linked video was published . 
  in this video dslyecxi mentions an upcoming project developed, 
   in the best spirit of arma modding, 
  there 's obviously a lot of interpretation that can be done , but in my opinion the best spirit of arma modding ** is ** that modders work together , share their workd and knowledge to create something that the community benefits from and not them . 
  again , there 's a lot of interpretation being done . 
  it could be anything , it could also be nothing and just part of an elaborate april fools joke , i guess we have to wait until the countdown runs out . 
  well , he is clearly somehow involved in the development , given his hints in the video . 
  maybe supervision was a bad choice of words but at least some sort of collaboration or consulting . 
  it would n't make much sense if the devs of the 3 biggest realism mods in the arma realm told dslyecxi about their otherwise secretly kept work , without intending to involve him in the development . 
  a user named banana1415 posted it in this subreddit , along with 3 videos , all featuring a banana in arma 3 . 
  the users name is allegedly a reference to ace2 and the first of april ( 14 ) 2015, 
  for ( n = 0 ; seeking ! = ' 1 ' , ' 2 ' , ' 3 ' , ' 4 ' , ' 5 ' , ' 6 ' , ' 7 ' , ' 8 ' , ' 9 ' , ' 0 ' , ' \\ t ' ; n + + ), 
  you never declared what type of variable n is . 
  also are you sure you want to use while ( ! infile.eof ) ? 
  i recall some stackoverflow post that says there is a very special use for eof ( ) and it should not be used anywhere else . 
  am i understanding the issue correctly , that you are looking for whitespaces , but they can be ' \\ t ' or ' \\ n ' ? 
  as i stated below :, 
   it would n't make much sense if the devs of the 3 biggest realism mods in the arma realm told dslyecxi about their otherwise secretly kept work , without intending to involve him in the development . 
  is n't jaynus also on board with acre ? 
  true , i 'm not saying that you should take my word for granted , all i am doing is speculating and enjoying the fun this discussion has caused . 
  i for one appreciate how / r/arma is holding it 's breath and speculating over what will happen in the next 10 hours . 
  the red icon means there is a mismatch between your version of the game and the server version . 
  are you by any chance in the dev branch ? 
  another thing to note : if you try to join a server and it immediately rejects you without an error message it usually means the server is checking your client for mods that you do n't have installed . 
  remember that in arma 3 ( unlike for example garrys mod ) your client does not download mods automatically from the server , if you want to join a game that uses modifications , you need to download and install them manually . 
  modifications are different from dlc, 
  i highly doubt that you accidentally opt into the dev branch but here is how you know for sure : in your steam library right click arma 3 and open the `` properties '' window . 
  on the top of said window click the `` beta '' tab . 
  it will tell you if you 're in the beta program . 
  if you are you can opt out by clicking the button , switching to `` none '' and closing the window again . 
  if you are not in the dev branch it will simply say `` none '' . 
  once you 've done that start arma 3 and find yourself any server that does n't require any mods . 
  so ideally you want to shoot for something like koth , cti warfare , altis life , wasteland , anything really . 
  if you can join the server without any problems then you 're good to go . 
  if you are trying to join servers that require mods and it kicks you , make sure the mods are properly installed , a guide on how to install them can be found pretty easily on this subreddit or via a quick google search . 
  i 've also read a couple days ago that it is impossible to join a battle royale mid game , the server apparently kicks you with no error message , however i have no evidence or experience to back that up . 
  never played br . 
  any source claiming you can / should start programming by learning how to code your own game is dodgy at best . 
  if your goal is to create a game and you want to avoid programming as much as possible rely on the many tools that hide as much code from you as possible . 
  if your goal is to learn a programming language and somewhere down the road you want to create a game then do exactly that . 
  learn to walk before you run, 
  i like that train of thought . 
  st never really had any interest to publicly release any mods apart from the sthud and the stamina bar . 
  as i said i mostly enjoy speculating over all of this , i think its a ton of fun . 
  this does not belong here . 
  if your goal is to learn how to develop android apps then go ahead and learn java . 
  if you know java well enough so you feel comfortable with its syntax , features and quirks get android studio and dig through the official documentation . 
  it 's a ton of work but very much worth it if you stick to it . 
  kotaku has a paywall , anyone got an archive for that link ? 
  maybe not to their fullest extend , but the performance is being worked on with every bigger update . 
  i remember playing the game around 20 fps when it came out , now i am around 40-60, 
  if you enjoy the playstyle of koth missions but you suffer from performance i recommend trying eutw cti . 
  one of the reasons why koth runs so terrible is because it 's mostly set in larger towns , where the fps tends to dip in sp and mp . 
  cti servers take place on small towns and open fields , where you generally have better performance + the mission runs fewer scripts then koth iirc . 
  thank you , i appreciate that , 
  what kind of vehicle do you jump out of ? 
  do you die mid air or shortly after ejecting ? 
  do you have the same issue when there is no aircraft involved , say using a script or the editor ? 
  there is a bug where the aircraft hits your character due to various reasons , which can kill you . 
  i do n't overlook the hostile ai . 
  i survive , adapt and win ^ tm, 
  in all seriousness , enemy ai looks unbeatable , but once you figured them out and how to fight them , it 's rather simple . 
  best advice to learn how to fight them : go into the editor , chuck down to squads and and let them fight with `` defend '' and `` search and destroy '' markers . 
  would you mind sharing it ? 
  i only found a udemy course for about 20 bucks . 
  the best way of approaching such a project lies in taking the first steps on your own . 
  create a github page or something similar and do the first bit of work on your own . 
  if there is interest people will fork your work and chip in eventually . 
   but despite shooters being sam 's preferred genre , he was not prepared when he recently tried out ace3 , the arma iii mod . 
   so , sam downloaded the mod and booted it up, 
  good ol' same casually hacked nou 's , glowbal 's and koffeinflummi 's pcs and downloaded ace 3 straight off them . 
  their could n't be much more clickbait in the title , i 'd avoid it sounds like a paywall . 
  as i said , your best bet will be to kick this off on your own . 
  learn what 's needed to learn and get cracking . 
  i 'm in the same boat as you , i highly recommend khan academy , their course on differential equations is pretty good . 
  bi has literally no obligation to create their updates in a way so mods are not affected . 
  i for one enjoy the new sounds and unlike jsrs i can use them on any server i want . 
  with passively contributing i was referring to getting the project in your own working environment , fixing and adding features without pushing them online . 
  are there any foss you are currently contributing to ? 
  have you made any experiences ? 
  i 'd love to hear them . 
  well there goes my weekend . 
  this thread is marked as homework , why giving op the solution ? 
  [ here you go ] ( https://bitsum.com/parkcontrol/ ), 
  explains what cpu parking is and provides a free tool to disable it . 
   considering the 6300 or 8350, 
  i 'm not op but i have an 8350 and i am very satisfied with its performance . 
  if you do n't mind some games performing a little worse than on an intel cpu i highly recommend it, 
  this is n't a problem you will be able to solve overnight , let alone over a single weekend . 
  more over we cant answer this question , since we do n't know the specific hardware , if the doll even supports that etc. 
  there are dolls that already do that , but they cost a fortune . 
  your best bet will be to teach cpr rythm the traditional way , bring a cd player and play the song `` staying alive '' , this is the easiest way to get comfortable with the rythm . 
  you wo n't get 100 % more fps but people reported ever so slightly improvements . 
  the campaign is amazing . 
  calling / r/arma assholes surely will get you far . 
  the gamemodes is being frowned upon in this subreddit . 
  whether that 's a good thing or not is a question on its own . 
  but the core issue here is you got banned of a server that 's not related to this subreddit . 
  it 's like me being banned off the 15th meu server and i go rant here .
