  your currriculum is not even a quarter of mine , how so ? 
  next your curriculum does not outline details . 
  database management ? 
  does that mean you learn the theory of relational databases or just a few sql statements ? 
  programming ? 
  java ? 
  next i can read that anyone can attend , are you aware that in europe salaries are way lower ? 
  software engineers often to not break the 45k mark . 
  does that mean i get the full course for free because i will never earn more than 50k ? 
  also you throw the term `` software engineer '' around a lot . 
  someone finishing cs from an accredited university will be able to work in a plethora of jobs . 
  devops , software architect , database specialist , it security specialist , is this all covered by your business ? 
  last and probably most important , if you * know * you will be accredited , it 's just a lengthy process , why not wait until you are ? 
  are there any doubts about your accreditation ? 
  what if i finish all your classes but you get your accreditation afterwards , do i get a degree ? 
  what if you never get an accreditation ? 
  do i still need to pay you ? 
  like i said the content ( both length and granularity ) of your curriculum is hardly enough to be taken serious in europe , and i assume it will be the same in the united states, 
  are you aware that this legal work becomes void in europe ? 
  no one but the government has legal access to your tax information , and i do n't think any contract can breach it 's way into personal information here . 
  europe is pretty big on customer protection . 
  alright this is going to be lengthy , sorry in advance . 
  i 'd appreciate answers though :, 
   people have to come in with a pretty solid understanding of code, 
  most universities teaching cs in europe do not assume any prior coding knowledge . 
  everyone starts at 0 and they build from the ground up . 
  why ? 
  because `` a solid understanding of code '' is garbage . 
  its akin to a buzzword . 
  does that mean i need to know the syntax of c # ? 
  does that mean i need to know x86 assembly inside out ? 
  again you throw meaningless words around that are no use to anyone . 
   we 're full-time only cs , so any additional stuff that 's required by your university does n't apply here . 
  i am full time only cs , going through your curriculum and accounting the classes to equivalents of the modules in my curriculum , yours is worth around 54 [ ects ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_credit_transfer_and_accumulation_system ) . 
  thats just over a third of any other full time cs curriculum i know , and those will get you real degrees . 
   in most parts of the us at this point , sheer coding ability ( as well as what i 'll just call abstract thinking ) matters much more than credentials . 
  we have hiring partners we 're designing the curriculum specifically for , and i have full confidence we can train people to become great software engineers ( as great as you can be with no work experience ) . 
  again : cs bachelor 's or master 's will get you far more than just a software engineering coding monkey job . 
  do n't call yourself a cs university when you are just teaching code and `` abstract thinking '' . 
  you are teaching people to code in a handful of languages , you are not teaching computer science . 
   you pay us for getting you a job , not for being accredited , so it does n't affect that . 
  this is going against the ethics of most universities . 
  i pay my uni to get me a degree , not a job which will come after a degree anyway . 
  how is your course worth more than free self teaching if i do n't have an official paper that certifies my knowledge ? 
   i never graduated from college and no one has ever even asked me about that in silicon valley . 
  cool story , now let me tell you how the rest of the world works . 
  of course you can get a job without a degree , its not necessarily easy but its doable . 
  but if you are sending out a letter of application i can guarantee you that those without degrees are the first ones to be weeded out by recruiters . 
   we have more around what constitutes what i 'm calling a `` software engineer '' in our legal paperwork, 
  then do n't call yourself a computer science teaching university . 
  it 's embarrassing for the rest of the field, 
  i understand the strong feelings about copyright infringement but there are two points i would like to make about this post . 
  first , screenshots revealing usernames could be taken as doxxing which is against site wide rules . 
  with posts like these you want to shine light on the issue , not on the perpetrator . 
  secondly , if you visit the workshop and look for the mod you 'll be greeted with a message , that a dmca takedown request has been filed and valve is looking into the issue, 
  but he has a habit of stopping short before he finishes it . 
  and as much as i adore introductory series , spending +10 minutes on loops but not even mentioning a range based for is time not very well spent, 
  did he ever finish the sparky series though ? 
  i understand that it does n't make sense from a business perspective . 
  but from a learners perspective it 's awful to start a series only to find that it stops somewhere midway through and you have to learn the rest by yourself or somewhere else where they maybe use diifferenr techniques . 
  it 's a running joke and not the first time it 's happening . 
  someone posts something whacky , people pick it up and try to come up with even more whacky designs of the same concept . 
  before that it was phone numbers , this time around its volume sliders, 
  there 's so many things koth could be doing better , this is one of them, 
  im not only talking about perspective . 
  the game becomes completely unbalanced as soon as you play on a server that does n't disable jets for example . 
  the game rewards sitting in a building and doing nothing as much as it does running around in an enemy held town . 
  and while it is a good mechanic , the fact that level and money transfers over to other servers completely breaks the balancing in terms of new players vs old players . 
  to give an example of the aforementioned : if i play koth i usually play on infantry and transport only hardcore , where the game feels balanced as long as you have any gun above 5.56 mm . 
  of course a weak gun puts you in a disadvantage but it 's not as horrible as some people say it is . 
  on another day my goto server was full so i went to a third person enabled all vehicles server . 
  i shit you not for the 30-40 minutes i played no one could leave spawn because 2 enemy jets pinned everything down that left the safe zone . 
  how the fuck can an enemy asset enter your own safe zone ? 
  i gave up after spending far too much time there . 
  i think eutw has a better approach where at mission start everyone starts with 0 dollars and you move up from there . 
  but that 's really a non-issue , it can easily be scripted in , but that would dampen the popularity of those servers so no one does it, 
   i doubt sa-matra will make changes to the current dynamic of koth, 
  this is the correct answer . 
  sa-matra has a successful dynamic going on , it 's flawed left right and center but people flock to it . 
  so unless there is a massive uproar in the community he has no incentive to change how things work, 
  the sniper mission in cod4 had me shaking . 
  crawling next to patrolling soldiers in high grass , popping targets so they wo n't be seen . 
  of course that was before call of duty got all whacky, 
  raping everything with a jet is still a no brainer . 
  select atgm , spam t until you lock something and fire away, 
  \u00d6h, 
  in the game , on server selection screen just click `` host game '' tick the upnp box and launch a mission . 
  your friend should be able to join your game via his friend list . 
  he just needs to right click your name and hit `` join game '', 
  you do n't have to if your router supports upnp , which is the whole point of it . 
  hey babish !, 
  i would also like to take the chance that you have been summoned and tell you that your show alone has made my cooking so much more enjoyable . 
  i 'm a student and when i cook it 's mostly pragmatic with no fun or flavor involved , ever since i started watching you i always try to spice things up and make them interesting . 
  of course it goes wrong and tastes awful pretty regularly but binging with babish has taught me to experiment and i like to think that i get better by the dish . 
  are you planning to release a cookbook or a more hands on-tutorial oriented series ? 
  / r/arma invites the dmg clan to read the rules in the sidebar, 
  you can always delete your post, 
  you treat `` laser designation '' and `` 9 lines '' as if they were mutually exclusive things but they are not , they are hardly related . 
  laser designation is a way to paint your target for friendly assets while 9 line is a protocol to order an airborne strike on enemy assets . 
  this means that a 9 line may very well include laser designation as way to mark targets .
