  they 've shown experience in the game , were able to handle situations very well and some were ex military from different countries all over the world in often very different mos ' . 
  i guess it also comes down to the group . 
  if a 16 year old with no sense or reason in him gets promoted to a high rank there is something substantially wrong with the group as well . 
  i can appreciate the fact that someone does n't want the whole military ordeal in teamspeak or in their free time , but to some it 's a fun rpg . 
  looking down on them by discrediting their way of playing the game is in my opinion insulting . 
  but to each their own , amirite ? 
  most clans want you to change your steam name to reflect your affiliation with the unit , one of the many tools to quickly catch someone who is dual clanning . 
  i ca n't speak for any other groups , however the one i 've been ( and one of the largest out there , so rather high profile in the arma community ) has had pretty high emphasis on both form and function . 
  infantry members were trained in proper radio procedure , infantry battle drills , combined arms and more . 
  the tankers , the pilots and the artillery guys , everyone got their training that was effectively used in operations . 
  i do n't know where the hostility is coming from . 
  does it hurt you when there are handful of guys playing with each other in their way ? 
  i can understand if it 's not your cup of tea , by the same token it 's not my cup of tea when a handful of guys go full rambo with their load out and have no proper radio discipline . 
  as i said , to each their own , but that 's no reason to give someone a biased view on what 's happening . 
  i do n't understand , do you want to remove the waypoint itself ? 
  hover over it and press delete . 
  if you are talking about the distance indicator under a waypoint ( i did n't know that was a thing ) i do n't think there is a way to remove it . 
  maybe a higher difficulty setting or a script command, 
  the people i usually met in the milsim community do n't consider themselves real soldiers nor do they know anything about it . 
  the people i met have very high respect before real war veterans . 
  but then again since this wo n't fit your description of the typical arma milsimmer i fully expect this comment to be downvoted the second you see it , just like the guy who replied to you above this post . 
  sure bro , you leave them alone but drop a snarky comment every now and then to make sure the milsimmers know their place . 
  if you would really leave them alone you would n't have left such a negative connotation in your first comment . 
  i am not from the us but i have deep respect for you for your 20 years of service . 
  people who do n't have my respect are people who think that their way of doing things is the only correct way and if people enjoy it in a different way it 's ridiculous , anal and up tight . 
  go somewhere else with that attitude , this is n't what arma or / r/arma is about . 
  given your attitude towards me i wo n't even bother to read that . 
  maybe it 's thoughtful , maybe it 's bullshit , i will never know . 
  because unlike you i have tried to have some respect in this discussion . 
  if you do n't want to be on the same level in this , sure go ahead . 
  but i 'm out . 
  we once played an operation with roughly 40-50 members . 
  most of them were eod , a couple transport and attack rotary pilots and three infantry squads . 
  the eods were clearing a minefield that hindered our way deeper in enemy territory . 
  the infantry squad i was in was supposed to be detached from the rest of the guys and flown over the minefield in order to perform reconnaissance . 
  everything went fine when suddenly we were taking fire from infantry and freaking tanks . 
  aa was strong in the area so our attack helo could n't get close . 
  we dug ourselves in at a small house on a hill in the southwest of altis while enemy forces were closing in and shots snapping by close . 
  running low on ammo we decided to drop artillery in danger close , the closest one hit roughly 50 meters from our doorstep . 
  the whole ordeal was done after 5-10 minutes , but having friendly artillery dropped on our heads with only minimal cover was pretty intense . 
  our radio guy and the arty boys did a good job of not blowing up friendly forces, 
  that 's a tough question . 
  if it 's a one time thing then you do n't need to immediately run to a doc , however if the pain is persistent then yes , go see a professional . 
  there are some supplements that can help you support your joints while exercising but generally you should not work out under heavy pain . 
  i know , right ? 
  fuck poor people haha, 
  caffeine tablets . 
  or if its stictly for the workout get some pre-workout . 
  they are sometimes a little price-y but some also contain bcaa 's and creatine , which eliminates the need for the other two to buy . 
  this would be more fitting in / r/findaunit, 
  probably a newer skylake cpu . 
  so i7 6700k . 
  thought you do n't need the hyper threading . 
  a comparable i5 would do the trick . 
  recruitment posts are against the rules . 
  op should check out the sidebar, 
  right sorry , i misread the thread title . 
  sure . 
  i 've heard from / r/hardware that i7 is mostly overkill for gaming , since most * current * titles wo n't utilize hyperthreading anyway . 
  edit : autocorrect, 
  that is a legacy statement at best . 
  as of late nvidia drivers are at the same quality as their red counterparts . 
  i 've swapped over to an amd gpu a couple weeks back and i have n't had any majors issues with the drivers . 
  at least none that i did n't have with my nvidia card, 
  i would shift this conversation to / r/buildapc there are some lads over there with tons of knowledge, 
  joris-jan o7, 
  i blame all the assholes that whined about the sway when it was introduced . 
   bohoo my guy should be doing better than that . 
  he feels like an asthmatic obese guy running up a hill . 
  after a sprint i ca n't aim anymore . 
  go back in time when the bootcamp update was launched , literally 5 threads per day about how literally unplayable arma is now , because you ca n't run forever anymore . 
  and even after people adopted the system there 's still the vocal minority that randomly blurts out how unbalanced the sway / stamina system is and that it hurts the beloved koth oh so much . 
  bi listened to the audience , what they should do now is listen to them once more , because i believe a majority of the core community dislikes this `` feature '' . 
   i 'm tired of all video content posted to reddit is reduced to some stupid gif or still images of a scene storyboarded with subtitles . 
  just post the damn video . 
  gifs and images are better for mobile though , and i would argue that a large portion of reddit visits the site on mobile a lot . 
  yeah i agree , this particular gif might not be an ideal example , but you get where i am coming from . 
  even the highest of quality of content is of no use to me if i ca n't open it . 
  on my mobile i have a 3gb / month plan . 
  if every gif i 'd watch would be a youtube video my data would be depleted a week into the month . 
  it 's probably a tough thing to fix . 
  also i 've never seen this abused by anyone in any pvp or pve session . 
  name tags are actually incredibly helpful , especially when there are 50 bodies in a session , and you do n't know the guy next to you . 
  i do n't think this will be wildly abused as you should n't be able to do this on any wall . 
  as you may see the guy in a video stands on a slope , as he runs towards the wall , which gives him a slight forward leaning angle . 
  this makes the bug very situational . 
  i play exclusively with my group , so no cheating there . 
  and if i play in public its cti warfare , which doesnt have too many buildings . 
  boo recruiting is disallowed per the rules . 
  mind editing that link out of your post ? 
  that sucks though . 
  well , it will make room clearing less dangerous . 
  most clans want you to have their clantag in your steam and armaprofile name , so you display your affiliation with them . 
  as such the group name is in there as well , i agree it 's not insanely necessary but i 'd rather deal with this than changing my name everytime i go from public to private back to public again . 
  those are baller , i believe we use the same in my group . 
  msi 390 and it 's an absolute beast, 
  seconded . 
  eutw cti warfare is like koth but with more fps and without the perk bs, 
  i am very sure that you will be able to select which version of dx you want to use in the ingame menu , as some games allow it . 
  i have n't changed anything so whatever steam defaults to,
