  he was given multiple warnings , even an extension so he can sign it , but never did . 
  as such he ca n't compete in this year 's olympia . 
  my last information is that it has something to do with a third party sponsor / contractor which prevented him from signing . 
  check out / r/bodybuilding the search function should reveal a bit more . 
   i want to get started in crossfit, 
  you answered your own question . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  looks normal to me, 
  are you talking about fat gripz ? 
  if so , then yes . 
  that is the / r/arma circlejerk, 
  it should be noted she is not just any ufc fighter , she is incredibly skilled with ( last time i checked ) 12 wins and 0 losses . 
  my advise is not to work your way down ( `` i ca n't lift this x times so i decrease the weight '' ) but to work your way up ( `` this is my tenth rep and i easily could whoop out another 5 '' ) . 
  the latter approach will conserve your energy for later sets and it will keep you motivated . 
  i find it extremely disappointing when i set myself and weight goal for y reps and then i fail it . 
  the same what happens to all news at some point , they get old and something newer and more relevant comes up , in the case of european media it was the refugee crisis . 
  economy is still at an all time low over in greece and they just ran elections . 
  i am sure if you use the search function you will find an in depth explanation how the crisis in greece happened, 
   the board / b / is particularly infamous as it is or used to be a meeting place for pedophiles, 
  [ citation needed ], 
  if anything i would say / b / has gathered most of its fame for trolling outside of 4chan and being the cradle for the hacker group anonymous . 
  barbell rows = triceps isolation . 
  cardio burns fat but eating below your tdee does n't . 
  do n't worry about what you eat because it will make you skinny . 
  alright buddy , sit down you failed . 
  get back to the wiki , read more learn more . 
  literally every single bit you said is wrong and idiotic . 
  / u/sorenthekitten do n't listen to this guy please , he does n't know what he is talking about . 
  how did i fuck it up ? 
  no exercise and sitting around all day . 
  how did i find out ? 
  major pain , x-ray , doctor told me my spine is slightly fucked and i need to strengthen my back to fix it . 
  how did i deal with it ? 
  first off planks , they are the best body weight exercise for your back imho . 
  then romanian chair , now deadlifts . 
  back pain went almost completely away . 
  but surely you were n't born with the bench press experience , right ? 
  at one point you did your first squat in the gym or your first bench . 
  look at a few tutorials , i recommend alan thrall , start with low weights and kick off with the deadlifts . 
  it 's super easy once you know what you are doing, 
  i did not know that any other counting methods than incrementing numbers were a thing . 
  i 'm glad the entire text was written caps , otherwise my 3-second attention span would n't have lasted long enough to enjoy this 100 % true story . 
  if you want to lose weight you need to eat below your tdee , there is no magic to it . 
  lifting and cardio will both help you raise your tdee , so you will lose weight faster if you eat way below it but that 's about it . 
  if i were you i would do a healthy mixture of both . 
  there are plenty of resources about losing weight , getting strong and more in the sidebar / wiki . 
  if i ca n't hit my rep range i try to finish the set whenever my muscle gives up and then take a rest . 
  i start the next set with a slight decrease in weight to hit my rep range again . 
  i am not sure if it 's scientifically the best method for muscle growth or strength gain but it works for me and it feels better than deloading in the middle of my set . 
  i really like box squats as exercise , but i do n't want to replace regular ones . 
  any issue with doing 3 sets of regular squats and adding 2 sets of box squats or am i wasting my time doing that ? 
  i actually go heavier on the box squats . 
  when doing them i lift 265 pounds 5 reps , something i just ca n't doing regular squats . 
  so there is a disadvantage to going heavy with them ? 
  without more info on the kind of pain , when it occurs it 's hard to tell . 
  if it 's unbearable go see a doctor . 
  video calls on the go in general did n't take off , because of their impractical use . 
  even the systems you mentioned are video call suited for home use . 
  i do drop sets really only on machines where i can quickly change the weight . 
  if you 're on your own working with a barbell a dropset ca n't be executed effectively . 
  i guess they also work with dumbbells but you do n't want to be that guy who is reserving 3 pairs of dumbbells, 
  looks fairly solid to me , although these look like running shoes , i would do it without them . 
  the cushion effect they have is not really ideal for squats or weightlifting in general . 
  i squat and deadlift barefoot . 
  i am also unsure if ass to grass is really necessary , i recall some articles floating around here that just below parallel is fine . 
  but i let someone with more knowledge comment on that, 
  does n't this already exist ? 
  check out / r/dailyprogrammer, 
  no harm in visiting a doctor and getting it checked if you think you may hurt yourself . 
  creating missions is super simple once you know what you are doing . 
  the hard part would be a generator with randomization , but if you keep it simple there should n't be any issues, 
  unity does n't support c++ you can give unreal engine a shot . 
  the newest one is free as well , but the c++ is a little bit more advanced . 
  with that being said there are tons of resources to learn how to create little games . 
  this is not entirely true . 
  most settings have probability sliders , so a waypoint or the placement of a unit could turn out entirely different . 
  are there any games the push the limit on 1080p ? 
  for beginners it is advised to hit muscle groups , multiple times a week . 
  once you plateau you can switch to a program where you hit certain groups only once or twice per week so they get more rest . 
  is there any reason why you make your own program rather to sticking to one that 's been tested and approved by the community ? 
  i just started a new semester and this time we 're all about atoms , nuclear physics and quantum physics . 
  we 're now in our third week and i do n't think i have ever understood less in a lecture than now . 
  i guess i am working on not dying this year then . 
  i have only read about this update thus far , but i fear to agree with you . 
  the current fatigue system is not exactly something that makes the game more challenging or difficult . 
  sure it is a factor to keep in mind , but so is your ammo , your cover and your visibility and we do n't see systems to dumb these down . 
  i find this move by bi highly questionable . 
  when we first got the fatigue update people complained like mad about the weapon sway , then the weapon sway was reduced iirc and while there where still vocal minorities , people seemed mostly happy . 
  i suspect they are priming the game to be more like-able by a larger crowd , like you said , before the tanoa launch , which is a slap in the face to the community who supported bi since the alpha, 
  how can you say the update is great , if you have n't tried it ? 
  find people to play with so that does n't happen . 
  the concept that a `` realistic '' game is dumbed down so it appeals to a wider audience , but by the same token it fucks with the loyal players it had for the past 2 years ( even more if you count arma 2 and ofp ) ? 
  you 're at the start of a wonderful , interesting an frustrating journey !, 
  is this still donations and pay2win ? 
  the last group that did this got shot down pretty hard iirc, 
  can you elaborate on what do you mean by simpler ? 
  i did a ppl routine for 3 months but wanted to give sl 5x5 a shot . 
  while i like the emphasis on compound movements i do n't feel as tired after workouts and i do n't feel as sore the day after . 
  i also factor in that i usually did 8-12 reps of 5 sets , and now i am doing obviously less . 
  so in a way , sl 5x5 is simpler for me as well , but i am not sure if like that .
