  when you 're launching arma just do so without any mods , the play button on the launcher should even have a dropdown menu for that . 
  free donation perks ? 
  what ? 
  this will hopefully drive money away from cashgrabbing clan advertisment websites . 
  i like the concept a lot . 
  this is correct . 
  the point is that whoever sees the site can focus on its design , the fonts , the colors rather than being distracted from the contents of the text . 
  additionally it looks like generic english , german , french etc. 
  so you can get a feeling for how the font works without being distracted . 
  not necessarily to 1 , yes to 2, 
  i 'd rather not link them to drive more traffic to them . 
  but a quick google search should reveal some, 
  not following a program is rather bad . 
  for one you ca n't track your progress , unless you know what you are doing you wo n't hit all your muscles and on top of all that you wo n't get a proper workout that focuses on a specific set/rep range . 
  check the sidebar, 
   how can i keep good form on heavier weight ? 
  by working out with lower weight . 
  decrease plates until you have your form again and start from there . 
  i 'd choose a program from the sidebar . 
  is there any reason why you have no squats , deadlifts and conventional bench press ? 
  so is this only for upper body or is your workout only upper body ? 
  imagine a paid version of the grouplisting in the sidebar, 
  you do n't need a unit to have fun in arma . 
  tons of people pour time solely into koth / eutw cti warfare / wasteland and dare i say it life . 
  imho playing with a group of people in a large scale mission is the pinnacle of the game but that 's just me . 
  others like other things , sandbox and all that . 
  so op , if you see this . 
  go ahead , pull the trigger on arma 3 . 
  it has an extensive tutorial that teaches you all the foundations and you can have plenty fun without a clan . 
  that looks like ground beef to me , in supermarkets you 'd find it as faschiertes, 
  you could still season it , worst case let it rest over night with the seasoning . 
  wo n't be spot on but close enough i presume . 
  given op knows the herbs he needs . 
  oh right . 
  not literally like this . 
  i 'm no chef but i do n't recall ever seeing one, 
  you might as well appeal a vac ban , they get never lifted either . 
  you 'll have to buy a new copy of the game , but i 'm not sure how that 'd be incorporated into steam . 
  how do you know it 's a memory leak ? 
  does your ram fill up until the game crashes ? 
  bans do n't carry across accounts / cd keys, 
  have you considered rma ? 
  6 ' here . 
  started off 4 months ago with roughly 82kg ( 180lbs ) . 
  definitely felt very small . 
  went on a bulk and did a constant workout , swapped to sl 5x5 for a few weeks but now back on phul . 
  i 'm now at 88kg ( 195lb ) but i am still not super comfortable with my size . 
  i am going on a cut for the next couple of weeks and the bulk it up again through spring . 
  my goal would be around 93kg ( 205lbs ) after a cut , so rather lean mass . 
  not sure how will i achieve this but i am eager to get there . 
   warning to buyers , if you have amd cpus or intend to play on a laptop , avoid it, 
  i have a fx8350 and i think arma 3 is very playable . 
  performance could be better here and there and most of it is down to how the mission is designed but i think this warning is greatly exaggerated . 
  katiba is 5.56 doe, 
  that is correct , i am idiot . 
  i was thinking of the mk20, 
  i will never not upvote a hog video, 
  given what arma can pull of in comparison to other games i am willing to oversee the fps . 
  even more so because arma 3 does n't rely on high fps in tvt , its not a twitch shooter . 
  but to each their own . 
  i 'm saying its not that important if you rock 40 50 or 60 fps in tvt , because neither gives you a real advantage, 
  im not saying 60 fps doesnt feel smoother , all i said i can overlook it in arma , because of various reasons . 
  but saying that amd cpus must avoid the game at all costs because its unplayable is bullshit, 
  recruiting - its against this subreddit 's rules, 
  keep in mind that 20fps is the low end when there 's tuns of stuff going round . 
  with my 8350 i usually score 35-40 which is n't too bad . 
   low performance due to low cpu usage is also the most voted issue on the games bug tracker since alpha . 
  commonly known , but it 's not like the devs keep that bug around because they hate team red . 
  eh mostly fiddling with settings until i hit the sweet spot . 
  what kills it is object draw distance , so i keep that at a level where i can still safely spot objects from far away without suffering fps left and right, 
  i believe afm is enabled on the eutw servers ? 
  why not switch to a different meal ? 
  i have the same cpu and in my opinion the game runs fine . 
  whether you get it or not is up to you , but if you 're not super picky and not bothered by 30-35 fps online with slight dips below 30 when shit hits the fan then you 're golden . 
  how acceptable a certain amount of fps is boils down to the player and the game . 
  i would n't even touch csgo if it had those frames , but considering the size and simulation of arma i can overlook dips into the lower end . 
  implying the stories in these blogs are real, 
  full verysmart range . 
  pedantic , of course atheist , narcissistic and when called out gives a reply that leaves the thesaurus he abused with black eyes . 
  thinking about it , that is weapons grade verysmart, 
  there is no best mod since best is a subjective term . 
  if you 're into dayz you may want to look into breaking point . 
  the twitch streamers you mention probably play a life mod or variant . 
  with that being said this is not the mods the general audience in this sub prefers . 
  imho the best mods are tfar/acre and ace since they add a whole new layer to the game , making it even deeper that it was before . 
  but these are considered `` realism '' mods thus making the initial learning curve a little steep and not everyone is into that . 
  with all that being said before jumping straight into mods i think you should check out vanilla gameplay . 
  play the campaign its a ton of fun , check out some public koth , eutw cti warfare or invade and annex servers . 
  i5 or i7 ? 
  fair enough , thanks for the heads up . 
  i 'm not super familiar with the intel naming scheme . 
  contact nkey on the bi forums . 
  a mile wide but only an inch deep . 
  i personally do n't like / r/findaunit because recruiters will try to advertise on your post even though their group lacks the requirements you set up . 
  with that being said check out the grouplisting in side sidebar , pick yourself a milsim community and visit their website . 
  if you like what you see join them and see how it goes . 
  pretty much , when i asked for a large group i was contacted by a recruiter from a clan that has 5-10 people per session, 
  in terms of arma it does n't make a big difference . 
  generally speaking though i 'd go for the 390 if they 're at the same price or the 970 if it is significantly cheaper, 
  hard to say without knowing your weight .
