  * supposedly * the voltage lock will be removed down the road so it will be more overclockable , we 'll see how it goes when this happens . 
  i 've said it multiple times but for the sake of competition i hope amd get 's their shit together with the rest of the fury line , so nvidia has to fear something and properly pushes forward with pascal . 
  you are right though , nothing is confirmed , it might be closer to the 390x , it could perform as well as the fury x , it could be worse than everything else we had before . 
  no one knows . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  across all recent reviews the fury either hits a few frames below or a few frames above the 980ti ? 
  it is not a bad gpu , it is not crushed by it 's nvidia competitor and it certainly does not fail in any areas . 
  the reason why there was so much disappointment was because the community thought that hbm would leap amd in front of the titan x. 
  if that would have been the case , nvidia could have packed their shit . 
  say 10 % more performance by 2/3s of the price , that would have been stunning , but it did n't happen . 
  that 's about it . 
  it 's not a bad card and it does n't perform much worse then the 980ti . 
  that is already discussed as bad source . 
  they provide no citation in their article and base it off practically nothing . 
  unless the fury is able to provide similar benchmarks to the 980ti i do n't see why nvidia would need to drop the prices of their newest flagship card not even 2 months after launching it, 
   more and more games that run significantly worse on amd cards than nvidia cards, 
  there 's a reason for that , and the reason is not amd cards being so much worse than nvidia cards . 
  there have been confirmed reports in the past that nvidia pays developers to cripple performance on amd gpus . 
  if you 're going to give nvidia close to 100 % of the market share this issue is not going to resolve . 
   and people sure as hell are disappointed . 
  look at the rest of this thread !, 
  and every other thread on the fury x !, 
  half the people here are disappointed !, 
  that 's because half the people are misinformed . 
  i see people constantly saying how it is so much worse than the 980ti , when it really is n't . 
  it wins some it loses some but overall it 's neck on neck with the 980ti . 
  rather than re-linking the entire compendium / r/amd has carried together bits and pieces of evidence , that form together a rather big picture . 
  i 'll re-link part of their [ wiki here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/amd/wiki/sabotage ) . 
  edit : also this , unsure if this is in their wiki https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzgv5z8yfm8&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=36m43s, 
  no one would leak a contract , too risky given that you 'd be sued into the depths of hell . 
  even an anonymous tip could probably be backtracked because there 's just a number of people signing such contracts , and it 's probably not gon na be the new intern at crytek . 
  i 've found the interview with richard huddy in combination with the crysis 2 video very convincing . 
  and while it 's not open sabotage or illegal , it 's still unethical that all of nvidias apis are not being disclosed with amd so they can tune their drivers for it , while amd apis are disclosed to all involved developers , so nvidia can adjust their software according to it . 
  i 'm currently running a gtx gpu myself , but given the shady business tactics and unethical conduct nvidia provided i would really like to switch to an amd product . 
  this of course only works when amd can show some real competition , so fingers crossed for the standard fury . 
  ~ ~ nvidia ~ ~ amd has tress-fx which is basically the gameworks equivalent, 
  according to this benchmark it wins some and loses some , as expected . 
  neck on neck . 
  i had something similar recently , where malwarebytes or 360 total security ( one of the two , ca n't nail it down now ) would prevent experience from connecting to the servers . 
  check your antivirus and see if disabling it or whitelisting helps . 
  on / r/amd someone mentioned q2 2016 , so around this time of the year . 
  not sure which is correct though . 
   going off on a tangent : some of the allegations on the wiki are utterly laughable . 
  `` markets their cards as fastest , gets beat by something half the price '' is not competitor sabotage ? 
  `` intel hired anita sarkeesian '' ??? 
  i found some of these questionable as well , but that 's something to be discussed over at / r/amd i 'd say . 
  mostly because for what every other company is considered `` evil '' . 
  they outsourced their production to poor countries and exploit the workers there . 
  in 2010 14 suicides occurred at foxconn , a large electronics manufacturer . 
  at the time apple was one of their clients . 
  there 's a lot of controversies behind apple and their business practices , it 's a rather long-ish read but give the [ wikipedia article a try ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apple_inc.#corporate_affairs ) . 
  i like noubernou 's contributions to this subreddit . 
  they are always related to arma , but show a completely different side of it . 
  it 's not poorly optimized for amd ( cpu ) users . 
  it 's the other way around . 
  amd cpus are performing with lower ipc than intel cpus making them slower at similar clock speeds than their competitors . 
  mp fps is tied to the servers performance . 
  without telling us what mission you play and without rough estimations of the player count it 's hard to make a call why you have such low fps , but generally it 's not surprising . 
  see 2 . badly optimized missions with high player count and a possibly slow machine lead to bad fps across the server for all clients . 
  you would n't notice a big difference . 
  overclock when you have proper cooling units and you know what you are doing . 
  do n't if you do n't . 
  unlike other games arma is practically non-reliant on your video card and very dependent on your cpu . 
  the simulation rate ( = physics calculation , ai pathfinding , etc ) is all done by the cpu and it does n't extend across all your physical cores . 
  iirc arma stays on two cores , so throwing 8 at it or 16 wo n't change performance , even though it 's a cpu heavy game . 
  with that being said with the arma 3 extension we will get dx12 support which ** might ** bring a performance boost . 
  we do n't know how much the performance will be boosted or if it all . 
  already answered . 
  tl ; dr : it 's not you its the server . 
  consider playing other gamemodes and trying other servers to get more data on this issue . 
  try invade and annex or cti warfare . 
  if you want to upgrade go to / r/buildapc they will help you getting the best bang for your buck . 
  - cpucount does n't change anything , if it 's not meant for running on x cores than you ca n't force it to run on x cores . 
  turning off pip also barely changes anything . 
  setting it to lower resolution rather than off is better advice . 
  i personally like having mirrors on vehicles and rear cameras . 
  they are not using the same engine from 2001 . 
  operation flashpoint : cold war crisis was made on real virtuality 1 , while arma 3 is made on real virtuality 4 . 
  you make it sound like they have done no changes whatsoever to the engine , which is simply put a lie . 
   you want the highest single core base clock speed, 
  source ? 
  i do n't think base clock speed is important , overclocking would help but the effect would be marginal . 
   in the launcher you can make it do some multi-threading, 
  a game made to utilize multithreading will default wise do so . 
  a game not made to utilize multithreading will not magically start to use it because you set the launch options . 
  it was shown that additional launch options basically bring no performance boost what so ever, 
  low is a setting that offloads graphic calculations to the cpu , bottlenecking it even more . 
  with a decent cpu and gpu keep it between normal and high . 
  i believe default wise it offloads these things to threads ? 
  it would be painful to imagine that arma 3 runs completely on a single main thread . 
  on an unrelated note : this is why i will always recommend the command line to beginners and why i think that someone who just started programming does n't need a full blown ide , yet some people defend it . 
  iirc the little exercises at the end of head first java where great . 
  they are not your `` write a program that does x '' problems but that would be against the point of the book . 
  the whole idea is to get creative yourself and apply the knowledge you just picked up without being prompted to do so , which is a really valuable thing to be able to do . 
  do n't get a book that constantly holds your hand , bite the bullet and work through head first , it 's a great learning resource . 
  once your are far enough through head first go to project euler and try to apply your knowledge there . 
   i 'm honestly amazed that he managed to get right back into the show as fast as he did . 
  if i recall correctly he said in an interview that he got back to the show too fast and he should have taken a little more time off, 
  i just looked through it again and towards the end of the first quarter you write your first actual program , which you 'll later improve . 
  towards the end you 'll write a midi beatbox program , supporting a gui ( and possibly even networking if i saw that correctly ),
