  and here is why : the function ispinvalid ( pin ) ; is a function of the type boolean . 
  as such it will return a value `` true '' or `` false '' . 
  the function pin.equals ( this.pin ) can also be evaluated in true or false . 
  so running this function in an if statement is redundant . 
  i think / u/ssebs was referring to your return statement , but it does not matter because in such a case he would be wrong . 
  returning a function is more efficient than, 
  if ( function ) {, 
  return true ; } else { return false ; }, 
  i 've seen this throughout the gaming community over the past two years . 
  not only arma 3 but also arma 2 wasteland servers , dayz mod and even non arma related games . 
  `` donate 50 dollars to get your vip access '' , `` donate 5 dollars or more to spawn with a weapon '' . 
  the term donation is too loosely used these days but i guess it 's people 's way of dodging taxing issues . 
  that 's not the point . 
  everyone here who rented a serverbox can remotely feel what the costs are and we all appreciate that it 's sure as hell not for free . 
  but asking for a donation in exchange for perks is breaking bi eula and ( and that 's the point in my case ) it is not a donation . 
  money in exchange for goods is called buying , not donating . 
  you are correct , but no one ( here ) seems to own a 1.75 copy, 
  the steam workshop has improved massively , so in terms of 2 player coop missions you should find something quite easily . 
  in terms of realism addons i highly suggest looking at cse or agm , they add a proper wounding system as well as other functionalities that add some depth to the game . 
  i see tfar was suggested , i personally would only suggest tfar ( and acre respectively ) if you really want to go that extra mile . 
  yes it does add some sort of immersion to the game , there 's no discussion there , but if there is really a need for a plugin that primarily sorts out communications when there are only two people to communicate is up to you . 
  content wise there was tons of stuff added by the community over the last couple months . 
  you can play as russian spetnaz , navy seals , us soldiers , police force of different countries , heck you can even wear [ doge camo ] ( http://www.armaholic.com/page.php?id=24525 ) if you wish to do so . 
  it 's up to you finding the right stuff for you though . 
  check out armaholic or ( again ) the steam workshop . 
  what 's with the slandering of a group which is n't even related to this thread ? 
  i 'm sorry if you 've had bad experiences but can you back your accusations up with solid evidence , like a video or screencaps ? 
  i have no high position the 7th cav but at the same time i do n't appreciate it being publicly slandered while you have nothing to prove your points . 
  as a matter of fact as someone within this unit , i have access to the mandatory ban reports that need to be filed whenever someone is temp or perm banned , otherwise the ban will be nullified . 
  in my close to 2 years in this group i have not once seen a ban that was given out of bad decision making on the administrative side , and if it happened the ban was overturned . 
  as such i would like to ask you to stay on topic , and not randomly attack groups that you do n't like out of want seems to be randomly chosen reasons . 
  i hear people say often that books for c++ are basically the non plus ultra . 
  you can learn from websites but they will not replace a good structured book that takes you from the very first steps to a mediocre level . 
  one thing i personally can recommend : before you buy a book or start an online tutorial , verify that the book / tutorial is actually a good and recommended source by a reliable community . 
  c++ is a dangerously complex language , and it 's really easy to teach bad practice or as a matter of fact faulty c++ . 
  check the faq on the sidebar for some good sources, 
  i have a lot of interested in developing a `` real '' program . 
  full blown with gui , store and call data , etc etc. 
  at one point or the other i 'd also like to look into learning cuda . 
  i just worry about tackling a too large project that will actually crush my motivation . 
  i feel you . 
  i learned java on my own with a book and google , while it 's a great language , in c++ i feel like i have more control over what im doing, 
  you have yet to state what features were removed . 
  the engine for the advanced flight physics is for free . 
  so that argument wo n't fly . 
  the game is still considered a military simulator . 
  so far you have n't mentioned a single feature they removed . 
  you just keep bashing , friend . 
  you ca n't compare content with features though . 
  as of now arma 3 offers more features than arma 2 . 
  and on top of that it does everything a lot smoother than it 's prequel . 
  think about vehicle animations , character animations , different stances , ragdoll , physics of objects . 
  if you think arma 2 is a better game from a ** technical ** standpoint than you do n't know what you are talking about . 
   shit ton of features promised but not delivered, 
  like what ? 
  bi is still working on the game with weekly updates . 
  it 's not like the game is considered completely finished . 
  take your attitude somewhere else . 
  either discuss normally like a grown up or shut up . 
  you are one of those fucks who do n't like a3 because it does n't have the same content as a2 , while completely ignoring that a2 was filled with bugs and lacks a ton of features that a3 has . 
  you come here and compare content with features , while having no idea what you are talking about . 
  this and your childish attitude leave me with the conclusion that i am done with this conversation . 
  go play a2 and dwell in the past . 
   `` lot smoother than it 's prequel '' lolwot, 
  compare the animations . 
  sprinting , walking and also do n't forget that you know have a smooth transition between walking with your gun up and down . 
  in a2 could only lower entirely your weapon , which was safe for base but not combat ready . 
  in arma 3 we have 3 different gun settings being completely lowered , slightly lowered but ready for shooting and raised . 
  `` vehicle animations '' what do you mean ? 
  your vehicle now reacts to accelerating , braking , your tires slightly raise and lower while going over obstacles etc etc. 
  that 's something that flat out did not exist in a2 because of the lack of physx . 
   `` character animations '' most of the animations were ported over, 
  this is not true if you compare the quality of them . 
  i mean yeah , they probably did n't start from scratch , but no software company starts from scratch if they need to . 
   `` different stances '' you mean those stances taken from a arma 2 mod that are complete and utter shit ? 
  i do n't fully understand what you are saying . 
  are you saying the a2 mod was shit or the stances now are shit ? 
  either way i highly doubt that . sqf code was so easily ported to c/c + + code . 
  i also think its easier for them to just create the necessary code for the stances , rather than porting it from a mod , that was made for a different game , running in a deprecated version of the engine . 
  if you 're saying the stances are shit , well that 's your perception of it and in no way a fact . 
   `` ragdoll '' cosmetic and meaningless, 
  it 's good for immersion , it makes kills more believable . 
  taking your argument further all good graphics are entirely meaningless and cosmetic . 
  that 's an argument that wo n't fly when discussing about a game . 
   from a technical standpoint arma 3 is but the issue is very small improvements and the fact they have not fixed many of things that promised to fix like the optimization issues . 
  the improvements are not as small as you make them out to be . 
  server optimization was increased a lot with the latest update and headless client . 
  as far as it goes for optimization clientside , it 's not as simple as clicking the `` make game run faster '' button in your ide . 
  iirc the game engine they use was not built for multi threading . 
  as such , it requires a lot of time and ressources ( read : money ) to implement it . 
  it 's improving . 
  slowly ? 
  that depends on your perception of slow . 
  but saying that they are not working on it has hard as they can is just denying facts . 
   they promised to have full game that was competent heir to arma 2 oa . 
  and they delivered that , admittedly content is a pretty huge chunk smaller than arma 2 's , but bear in mind that arma 2 had it 's content only really fleshed out when all the dlc appeared , as such a3 still has time to bring us more stuff . 
   what we got a rushed game missing features , terrible optimization [ ... ] , and missing a shit ton of content . 
  the game was not rushed at all ?!, 
  it went through an alpha , beta and gold stage . 
  and when we reached gold the game got even more content added later on , with the bootcamp update and the campaign updates .
