  as far as i know there is no complete good guide to modding and / or scripting . 
  however there are really good short ones that sort of focus on one aspect of modding . 
  a lot of it is self initiative , reading through wiki pages and reverse engineering . 
  real armor mod is out there as well to improve the armor system . 
  at the end of the day it boils down to arma being a military simulator with infanty emphasis . 
  and while of course a lightr replica of steel beasts in arma 2/3 would have been amazing , it 's a ) not the scope of arma and b ) it does n't seem like bi does n't want the game to take this path . 
  luckily as always the community has been helping out with providing mods , and as much as i dislike the whole `` the community will mod it , so bi doesnt need to do it '' mindset , i am more lenient towards it than in other cases . 
  mostly because melee as it 's known from cod or battlefield is unrealistic . 
  when was the last time you got close enough to an enemy to effectively swing your rifle at him ? 
  to give an easier explanation `` you this is me  message < '', 
  it is weak , but it 's basically the same what all those kickstarter campaigns do , just with votes in this case rather than money . 
  `` if we reach x we will implement [ ... ] '' . 
  do it or do n't do it , do n't beg vote for something simple as that . 
  if you do n't struggle with any other games and your cpu is relatively new , then i 'd say you are fine . 
  arma 3 is known for having issues with cpu usage . 
  edit : any reason for the downvote ? 
  did i say anything incorrectly ? 
  most arma 3 public servers wo n't run any lightweight missions . 
  with that big said wasteland and altis life are specifically heavy weight missions . 
  try to find a patrol ops server or invade and annex . 
  while still not really lightweight those two are pretty popular , and a wee bit smaller than altis life or wasteland . 
  best place to learn imho is the singleplayer campaign . 
  it is a huge improvement over the old a2 campaign and it offers everything from a solid tutorial , believable characters to a somewhat authentic story . 
  surely the fun lies within mp but the campaign has its charm especially for newcomers . 
  true , i do n't work in the industry , but i do know that it 's not fair to the customer if you hold back content that could have easily been added to the game without charging any extra cash . 
  some missions might have thermal imaging for tanks disabled . 
  is this issue persistent on the same server / mission ? 
  you are in a mission in which you have thermal but when you buy the exact same tank on the same server / mission you do n't have it anymore ? 
  i can only answer two of those questions . 
  ad 1 ) studies in austria that do n't require you to take an entry test run a system called steop ( studien eingangs - und orientierungsphase ) . 
  this is basically a pre defined set of modules , courses or seminars you will have to complete before you can take any other classes . 
  to make it a little bit more tricky you can only take a steop exam 3 times ( 2 repititions ) . 
  if you fail after the third time you have to wait 2 years before you can re apply for this study at this university . 
  ad 2 ) ~ ~ as far as i am concerned studying at the universities of austria is free ( either for everyone or just eu citizens , someone need to clarify ) . 
  you pay a fee of 18 euros per semester as long as you are below 6 semesters . 
  as soon as you go above you pay the 400 . ~ ~ nothing gets paid back , no matter how fast you are or how many ects you gather . 
  edit : thanks / u/lurking _ strawberry for clarification, 
  so you bought books that are of no use to you ? 
  whenever i buy a book related to learning anything , programming , maths , physics literally anything i first look inside the book if it 's scope fit with what i want to do . 
  if you do n't want to spend more money your best bet is to lay the c++ books aside for now and go ahead learning java . 
  relatively similar syntax will give you a good base for learning c++ later and i personally found a great way of learning the language is 1 ) getting the basics squared away and 2 ) afterwards start writing plugins for a game like minecraft and small applications . 
  that way you will not only learn more about the language but also see and understand how programmers work . 
  it happened a couple months back , not sure if media lost interest in him or he stopped because of the attention he got . 
  as far as i know he did nothing else * but * asking women if they want to have a beer with him . 
  creepy ? 
  well yeah kinda , but in all honesty i think social media kind of went on a witch hunt , making him a public target , which can be pretty dangerous if you ask me . 
  how ? 
  because your question is already answered in the faq , but here is a tl ; dr version : depends on where you want to go with your coding . 
  now stop being ignorant and read the faq before posting . 
  this question asked every week , do n't pretend to be a special snowflake , kid . 
  do you mean a reference book or a book specifically designed for learning ? 
  i 've just started c++ as mandatory course on university level . 
  things here are moving rather fast but i 'd be interested in working together . 
  shoot me a pm . 
  sauce ? 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  though bear in mind that the fia are greek , while all csat equipment is ( i believe ) farsi . 
  chances are they mispronounce it as well, 
  i believe the [ schwarzes kameel ] ( http://www.kameel.at/en_index.php ) is open on christmas . 
  it 's in the first district actually not too far away from the st stephens cathedral . 
  while being one of the best restaurant i 've ever been to it is really * really * expensive . 
  i can only assume but probably because of the high density of small alleyways throughout vienna . 
  there 's a lot of stop signs that can be easily missed and visibility around corners is not always the best . 
  with that being said its very good practice to drive around in town . 
  thanks for the update !, 
  with 0.9.5 i 've had a bug that would start to cut sound sources as soon as they were too many , i hope this update fixes it !, 
  use mouse 4 as teamspeak button and caps lock as radio button . 
  problem solved, 
  not yet i will contact you if the issue is persistent, 
  bought it for dayz , joined later an arma 2 tactical realism clan , been a member of the group for almost two years now , swapped to a3 by now . 
  arma 2/3 is a lot slower than most games , especially in multiplayer . 
  on the other hand though every situation in the game is unique and especially coop with 60-80 people is a total blast with the right mods, 
  all the us helicopters are , not sure about the russian stuff though . 
  the tanks might be new , the u.s. ones that is, 
  the stuff we have kind of is 2014 era warfare . 
  the stuff that comes with the rhs pack is actually ' 60 - '80 era, 
  when do you think the abrams was first built ? 
  or t72, 
  all blufor vehicles are found on the battlefield today . 
  google merkava iv , oshkosh mrap , the ghosthawk is a conceptual blackhawk found in the movie zero dark thirty . 
  i do n't see the issue . 
  i 'm not too gun savvy but i believe it was based off a bushmaster acr, 
  thank you all for replying , i 'll try to be more specific : what is the purpose of a pointer ? 
  i have learned myself the basics of java a while ago so i know how references work , but to me it is unclear why a pointer would be more useful than a standard variable and how it could be important to know the address where a variable is stored . 
  it always seemed to me that / u/dyslexci is pretty humble about his videos especially on here , not shoving them in people 's face . 
  it would surprise me if that 's the case but sometimes mods are not zeus compatible . 
  also make sure you are looking in the right place . 
  if not configured correctly the weapons wo n't be in :, 
  empty -  ammo -  ... 
  but, 
  empty -  other -  ... 
  what fps do you get on singleplayer or when you host a game for your friends . 
  fps in multiplayer is highly dependent on server fps . 
  what we need is a module that populates towns within the radius of the module with civilians . 
  we had one in arma 2 , it was buggy as hell but it at least gave the impression of a populated island, 
  i do n't mind videos of different units , heck bring 'em if they 're good . 
  same goes for screenshots for recruitment posters . 
  if it looks good why not ? 
  the thing that bothers me ( and the thing that i have always down voted and i will always down vote ) are responses to `` finding a unit '' threads with shameless advertising in two sentences . 
  no effort is made to interest someone in your unit because they might enjoy your play style ( milsim ; loose realism ; etc ) it 's a cheap try to gain numbers for your own unit .
