  what should have taken less than two hours took almost three, 
  sounds promising but 4v4 does n't really sound that appealing to me , same goes for infantry only . 
  maybe in 10 or 15 years we 'll have a fully vr capable arma with vehicles , 100 players per server and an top of all that : affordable vr headsets , but until then i think i 'll stick to arma 3, 
  ill give it a shot , but after i 've seen the f/a 18 i more or less saw everything that i came for . 
  i really enjoyed the acrobatic flight from all the nations but after you 've seen a heart drawn in the sky for the nth time , it kind of loses its magic , so i did n't stick around for the croatian team . 
  was there an after show event or anything like that ? 
  jesus , 17 % battery left , bluetooth on and not even in power saving mode . 
  your girlfriend lives life on the edge, 
  dangerous advice from a german . 
  no but you can browse the github page for open source projects and find something that suits your needs, 
  large projects are very well maintained usually and free of glaring problems, 
  some people just do n't get sarcasm , have an updoot, 
  you 're a little late to the party pal but thanks for link !, 
  endl not only creates a new line , it also flushes the stream . 
  ` \\ n ` is a better newline character in most cases . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmqqoezyvjq ) is a good explanation as to to why . 
   was n't trying to mock, 
  let me take a video of the rider and put it online so not only i but others can laugh at him as well . 
  fuck people being new to things , amirite ? 
  do you have an a2 or a1 now ? 
  so you can ride a 125cc bike in the uk without a1 ? 
  i 'm 23 and currently doing my license . 
  i was stupid do it now and not wait a year until i 'm 24 but i decided on doing a2 now , buying a limited mt07 or er6f and buy bigger when i 'm 25 . 
  there 's different variations . 
  in our school the rules were , if you are able to stick your finger in the hole and pull it out again you were allowed to punch the person on their shoulder forming the hole , unless they are able to tighten their grip and capture you , then they can punch you again . 
  another variation was that the `` opposite '' person was only allowed to punch if they were able to destroy the hole quickly enough . 
  there 's also other rules such as not having the hole on the same height as the other persons eyes or you are not allowed to block the hole with the famous `` look at my watch '' trick . 
  i think it differs a little bit from community to community . 
  i graduated 5 years ago in central, 
  europe and we had that game over here when we where 12, 
  it 's a `` challenge '' or game i guess where you grab a less than half filled plastic bottle by its neck and flip with a backwards motion ( think the bottle is doing a backflip ) . 
  the goal is to flip the bottle in such a way that it does at least one turn and stands upright again . 
  i 'm on mobile but you should find related videos on yt, 
  dropping a nuke at less than 200 meters above ground is ballsy . 
  what is considered warm gear ? 
  i have a leather jacket , riding boots and pretty solid gloves that were terrible to wear in summer , but all my gear already cost a fortune and i 'm not keen on spending more considering i 'm still a student with no job, 
  they 're both bikes at my driving school . 
  they may be limited but i 'm fairly certain they are n't , because even a students take their courses on the same bikes . 
  it 's pretty cheap in my country, 
  are you by any chance from austria ? 
  i 've never heard the terms euro 4 and euro 3 , can you elaborate ? 
  oder wie die guten leute von / r/motorcycles sagen `` do n't dress for the ride , dress for the slide '', 
  i live in central europe but i 'd be interested , if you 're down hit me up via pm and we share shipping costs , as long as they are not too far off, 
  it 's almost like engines need to be cooled especially when being in the high rev range for a long time . 
  who would 've thought . 
  employee is too much of a broad term to really give you a number . 
  depending on the field you are working in and your previous experience your payment can range from 1100 ( or below ) after tax to 2500 ( or higher ) after tax, 
  i dig the number plate on the front tire . 
  would look stupid as shit on any other bike but here it looks totally rad . 
  streber / s, 
  how to develop an eating disorder 101, 
  there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  i 'd rather have abs on bike and car since it provides more safety in dangerous situations, 
  any reason why you picked this over a limited mt07 ? 
  i 'm at the same decision and ca n't choose between the two, 
  nice !, 
  i have my exam in two weeks , hopefully i 'll be as successful as you . 
  when you say inspiration , you should n't have posted the entire program, 
  it 's etiquette on this sub to guide the person who asked the question to the correct answer , not spoon feed them code . 
  after all this is learnprogramming and not / r/domyhomework, 
  you do n't have to pass your comments through me , using common sense would be sufficient . 
  what does op learn from copying and pasting your code in its entirety ? 
  i let the downvotes on your previous posts speak for themselves . 
  use your brain next time before your mindlessly do someone else 's homework . 
  after it started raining the first 1-2 hours the road is the most slippery because of all the dirt and dust that 's now stuck to the road . 
  just be mindful of that, 
  interviews are all the same . 
  they all go, 
  introduction - questions and answers - end, 
  according to euro 4 it has to, 
  you want to assign all elements of your array to null , then later down the road you can check if it 's null . 
  he clearly does n't but in this context the downvotes were used appropriately . 
  at my first term in uni i thought professors were these almighty beings and sent similar mails . 
  looking back the profs probably cringed but if one of them would have forwarded a mail of mine to thousands of my uni colleagues i would have left the country . 
  nice shots , shame the left arm of the dude on the left is fucked, 
  the reply is almost worse . 
  gee , you woke up and remembered the temperature of something ?!, 
  what exactly is keeping you awake after you thought of the temperature ? 
  that 's right , fuck all . 
  super danke !, 
  that feels more like a sony vegas question than an arma 3 question . 
  try your luck in related subreddits, 
  you know there are countries on this world that limit the type of bike you can ride based on your age , right ? 
  not everything on reddit is in the usa , and even beyond that a 125cc bike is more than enough for your daily commute . 
  i 'd just assume that he did, 
  and the 13th as well as the 14th have less tax on them, 
   seriously , in compsci the first thing you learn is to value elegance . 
  you sound like someone who wants to study computer science because you really like the sleek look of your ide on your macbook . 
  i do n't have a bike available , i could borrow my dads savage 650 but it does n't have abs and i 'm super afraid of locking up the front tire, 
  the girl that was taking the exam with me was 1kph under and they had her retake the task . 
  i have a really hard time getting to exactly 50-52 kph and holding it . 
  everything beyond that would be a breeze i feel like . 
  the instructor insisted on using a radar gun so she could get exact speed readings, 
  i will withhold my opinion about this pr\u00fcferin , mostly because i am probably biased . 
  3kph below the limit i can see why she wants me to retake the test but 1 ? 
  that 's ridiculous, 
  i do n't even know who to write , i tried googling but i got no results . 
  about the radar gun , there is a law that specifically allows the use of those guns for exams , it 's a shame really, 
  i am from austria and the system here is a little bit different . 
  she is a lawyer and her pr\u00fcferin job is a side job .
