  at the end it 's your choice but everytime you ride without gear on your legs could be the ride that peels the skin off your thighs, 
  i eat oatmeal or weetabix . 
  if you 're afraid of your protein intake just throw scoop or two of whey in . 
  most bars are overpriced anyway and usually do more harm than good . 
  ditch ` me for food and save some money, 
   i have n't heard of anyone getting temp banned , and no one i know has heard of it happening either . 
  obviously that does n't mean it does n't happen , but there needs to be a way for me to know that there was a result . 
  a quick google search yields a few reported temp bans . 
  however no you do not need to know the outcome . 
  you simply report offensive or bad behavior , everything else is between the player who commited the offense and psyonix . 
  a witness in a crime will not necessarily know the outcome , think of it like this . 
  as far as i know the same system exists in csgo , where you are not told the outcome of your report . 
  at your last point : i agree , its disgusting and one of the worst outcomes of the recent meme-culture . 
  its neither funny nor creative . 
  what the actual fuck is wrong with you ? 
  he did it on a seemingly empty road , did n't harm anyone but himself and just tried to enjoy himself . 
  i understand if you 're saying `` what a dumbass , he deserved that his bike got rekt '' , because yes he did deserved that . 
  but you ca n't be serious when you are saying that you hoped a human being should have died attempting this . 
  unless i am wrong about you and a fucking 13 year old edgelord is allowed to ride a yamaha fjr1300, 
  4.4 here , should i ease up on the throttle ? 
  the 7th cavalry at 7cav . us runs a public modded server with tfr and ace, 
  ~ ~ could also be a 500 ~ ~, 
  my 500 is fairly small with narrow tires compared to a 600 but ash on my head i made this mistake :(, 
  hate it ? 
  who would hate anything other than ladders and stairs on chernarus ? 
  that 's true sadly for most beginner series . 
  most tutorials in c++ look like this : the first video is twenty minutes on how to assign variables do basic math . 
  second video is ten minutes on if statements , the third video is a garbage explanation of pointers , that 's likely outdated or plain wrong and then nothing more . 
  the poor sod has a plate on that bike , hopefully this is n't his daily commuter or even worse , he travelled to the track with the bike . 
  good on him that he is n't injured though, 
  ad first question : i warm up with a set of below-half weights just to get a feel for my form and to lube up my joints . 
  i then do another set of half weight to get my body primed for the exercise . 
  i then follow up with another set of 3/4 weight . 
  i do n't know if this is scientific or stupid , but it works for me . 
  just like the actual weights , warming up comes down to personal preference . 
  ad second question : your accessories should be programmed into your main lifts . 
  from what i 've heard so far there are two schools of thought on this and which you choose to follow is again mostly preference . 
  the first says that accessories should target the same muscle groups as compounds , to increase volume . 
  if you do flys and skull crushers after you benched you get maximum fatigue in those groups . 
  the other one claims though that accessories should n't necessarily raise volume , but should stand on their own . 
  so your accessories should target the muscle groups you did n't hit with your compounds . 
  the idea being that your main lifts already fatigued your muscle , your accessories wo n't be at peak performance anymore and so you should hit other muscle groups . 
  that 's why you 'll see a lot of folks training chest/bi on one day and back/tri the next . 
   while that is true you do see that you ca n't fake catching a 300lb man jumping from the top rope . 
  not with that attitude , no . 
  that 's not necessarily true , the 250-500 market here is regulated due to a2 laws . 
  you see a ton of a2 bikes on marketplaces because that 's what most people here started on . 
  i volunteer !, 
  it 's not , people play it exclusively in 3rd person, 
  not particularly hard if crosshair is enabled . 
  there 's also a weight regulation . 
  hence why a few +35 kw bikes ca n't be regulated to a2 standards, 
  we could argue back and forth all day , my point just being that arma 3 is not an fps, 
  doesnt make them good people or teachers . 
  from what you are saying they are dicks . 
  the biker community is full of friendly and helpful folks . 
  ditch the dumbfucks, 
  kind of the point , eh ? 
  we did . 
  armaholic has done a great service to the community . 
  and truth be told it was well within foxhound 's rights to ask for some financial help for the money he spends on servers . 
  but the way how we asked , and how he treats the community as a whole ruined it completely for him, 
  empathy is not your strong point , huh ? 
  it 's also terribly long . 
  i would n't necessarily recommend it as the only learning source , unless you have a ton of time on your hands . 
  source : first quarter of the book done, 
  you take a liter bike out for a 2 minute grocery ride ? 
  could n't you just walk ? 
  yes i am !, 
   there are always opinions on what to get as a first bike , but i feel 600 's are the way to go . 
  engine size does n't say much nowadays . 
  the fz-07 has an engine size of  600cc but produces 74 bhp . 
  a suzuki savage 650 has a 650cc single cylinder engine and produces 31 bhp . 
  a 2009 yamaha yzf r6 has a 600cc engine but produces ~ 130 bhp . 
  the first two are definitely good bikes for a starter , that you can grow into and wo n't scare you , especially the savage . 
  an r6 can easily lead to dangerous situations , especially with that power . 
  i believe regular car reviews did a good job on why an r6 is a terrible first bike . 
  see [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bglznaml78m ), 
  the sidebar would be a good start . 
  there you will learn that c++ primer ( not plus ) is the de facto standard for learners, 
  grass does n't render past a certain point anyway . 
  instead arma does this `` trick '' where it sinks bodies into the ground making it look like they are in high grass . 
  anyway , you are not in a disadvantage , the only thing that may have an impact is draw distance and object draw distance . 
  up those two and you will see further , but you will also have an incredible impact on your framerate, 
  c++ primer plus is just a different book by a different author . 
  i do n't recall the exact reasoning but iirc it 's outdated and teaches wrong practices . 
  if you google around you should find a few posts doing a better job at explaining, 
  you should see my other post on in this thread but basically 600cc means nothing . 
  the fz07 has 50cc more than the r6 but produces half the horsepower . 
  do n't be fooled by displacement and be careful with that bike . 
  twisting the throttle a little too hard can get you in a heap of trouble, 
  two things , if the bike is brand new then you might not want to rev it up completely for the first couple hundred miles . 
  secondly unless you engine brake so the bike constantly bounces off the rev limiter it wo n't do any damage . 
  continuously red-lining however can cause problems, 
  then you are fine . 
  i always downshift before i come to a stop , makes for a much smoother stopping imo, 
  in all fairness no one really tells you this stuff you learn how to ride and the owners manual can often be very cryptic with what you can and ca n't do with your bike . 
  if you 're not in a group of friends with collective experience you never learn the mechanical basics of a bike . 
  good spot , thanks . 
  i kept thinking about `` engine break-in '' and somehow made that mistake,
