  thank you !, 
  i will try this later, 
  are there any cheap gyroscope android devices you could recommend ? 
  the only one i have is a huge ass samsung tablet , which i do n't really want to tape to my head . 
  unfortunately my trackir broke and naturalpoint ca n't replace it , so i do n't want to spend another 200 ( ? ), 
  euros on a new one . 
  1907 shipwrecked heidsieck . 
  for future reference : a thread title generic as this one will get you less help as one that briefly describes your issue . 
  they are mostly caused by shaking cameras , and as someone pointed out you can disable the head bob . 
  someone who gets motion sickness from 1st person will also get it from 3rd person, 
  but veteran ups the skill of ai soldiers , does n't it ? 
  making it harder than easy . 
  but does charlie surf ? 
  lots of people have done it , lots of people are doing it . 
  my results ? 
  i got stronger . 
  have i modified it ? 
  yes but not its core . 
  i am doing the full routine but and if i feel like it i throw a couple exercises in afterwards . 
  but that is entirely up to you and not needed, 
  you clearly have n't bothered to click the link op provided , all infomation is in there . 
  read the sidebar , go to a gym . 
  if you ca n't afford a membership do body weight exercises . 
  there 's a whole subreddit dedicated to them , you 'll find useful stuff there, 
  i mean the map was made by them , as far as i know . 
  and the compilation of the mods . 
  i think it 's pretty cool to see a heavily modded public server around . 
  why would i want to join a unit that ca n't even follow simple rules, 
  bullshit , you deleted the posts since then but every single post of yours on this subreddit was advertisement for your unit . 
  if a post is 7 hours old at the time of you commenting , i think it 's fair to assume that the stream is over . 
  whats with the profanity and insults , bro ? 
  jumping the gun much ? 
  i know that you have n't had this account for long , but you still did n't miss out on multiple occasions to advertise for your group . 
  makes a really good picture of your unit as well . 
  the guy who is in charge of advertising ca n't comprehend rules properly and on top off that overreacts and throws insults around . 
  grow up and mature a little , it wo n't hurt you . 
  how is a live stream of an arma 3 session not related to / r/arma ? 
   uses intel compiler, 
  simply saying that shows that you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  arma 3 does n't perform bad on amd cpus because it was * compiled using an intel compiler * it runs bad on amd cpus because it is mostly single threaded . 
  all physics and ai calculations happen on the main `` simulation '' thread . 
  amd fx cpus have a rather low ipc ( instructions per cycle ) and rely more on spreading out the workload between multiple cores , which is something that arma 3 was not designed to do . 
  if you want good performance in arma 3 you need an intel cpu that punches hard on single core performance . 
  if you can afford it , go for a intel cpu . 
  an i5 from the haskell series or even skylake if you can . 
  there is no reason other than a super tight budget to get a fx cpu . 
  i 've been running the 8350 for a couple years now and while it still holds up relatively well , it gets beaten left and right by intel cpus that are only marginally more expensive . 
  the community will decide what they want on top and what they do n't , that 's what the vote feature is for . 
  there are a few very fun arma streamers i like to watch and i would n't mind being reminded about that in this sub . 
  plus it 's not like this subreddit is flooded with people and content . 
  every now and then we get some submissions but it 's not that many , compared to other high profile subs about certain games . 
  so i think it 's safe to say that if someone wants to link their stream , there is nothing bad about that per se . 
  well there you go , the community has spoken and shown their interest in the stream . 
  i still feel like future posters should not be discouraged to withhold their content because you do n't feel like it does n't fit this sub, 
  that 's bs , arma 3 is reported to run at 60 fps with an i7 4790k and probably a comparable i5 . 
  it 's not the developers fault if you 're playing life and koth on bad servers which are known terribly optimized missions . 
  just reread your post : do n't play the game on the lowest possible settings , it decreases your performance even further , since it offloads graphics calculations to the cpu . 
  crank everything up to ultra with a reasonable object drawdistance and you 'll see around 50-60 fps , promise, 
  settings in arma 3 are a tough relationship between the player and the game . 
  you have to work through it get the absolute best . 
  come check out / r/arma sometime when you get bored of singleplayer, 
  the sitrep would n't be the right report for that . 
  it 'd be probably in the next oprep or in the sitrep after it officially rolled out to the main branch . 
  they listened to the community about the weapon sway and they will do the same with the new stamina system . 
  all the guns in arma 3 are real guns , just slight variants at best with different names . 
  i am very sure . 
  the calibers might be made up but all the guns exist . 
  some are already existing guns such as the mx and others are just a concept , but they 've all been developed to at least prototype level . 
  there is a post on the bi forums that shows all the real counterparts to the arma 3 weapons and vehicles , with a little bit of google-ing and using the search function on the bi forums you should find it . 
   if the calibers do n't exist , then the guns are n't real . 
  theyre just imitations of real weapons . 
  i was n't trained on any weapon platform nor do i own any guns , so in my opinion that is just nitpicking , maybe thats just me though . 
  well i get your point , but by the same token you would n't be able to hip fire an anti material sniper rifle while jogging and yet in arma 3 you can . 
  in real life this would probably dislocate your shoulder or cause some other injury that would be significant to your aim . 
  maybe this will help you a little bit http://www.imfdb.org/wiki/arma_iii#.22mx_6.5mm.22, 
  found it within 2 seconds of using google . 
  also to maybe explain why your post was down voted : when someone in the arma community refers to a realism mod , they usually mean a mod that adds a layer of realism , not `` real '' guns . 
  `` oh let the terrorists come to us soil , i have my loaded ar in the back of my car '' . 
  what is the immersion breaker for you ? 
  the weapons ? 
  the game is set in 2035 , i find it actually more believable , that forces around the world have swapped out their 1960-1970 weaponry for something that is more up to date . 
  same goes for tanks , the m1 abrams was introduced in 1980 , it 's incredibly hard to believe the us would use it in 2035 . 
  im sorry i ca n't follow you really : /, 
  does that mean the matrix has 9 dimensions ? 
  one for each segment in the matrix ? 
  thanks a ton !, 
  i think i get it now, 
  the m4 sherman was replaced by the abrams . 
  the m4 is in the process of being replaced and so is the ak . 
  i 'd love to talk weapons with you by we wo n't find a middle ground . 
  you have your answer about mods anyway , 
  how do you install arma to ram when ram is volatile memory, 
  if enjoy playing against ai then definitely invade and annex , it 's imho the best coop mission . 
  large clans run popular servers with around 60 people fighting against ai town for town , it 's super fun . 
  if the human vs ai thing is not for you then your next step in a public server would be either koth ( has rather rough performance issues ) or eutw cti warfare . 
  the latter have some sick eu/na servers with properly fun combined arms action going on . 
  if i recall correctly it 's 30 vs 30 , either nato vs csat , csat vs ind or nato vs ind , depending on the mission set they are on . 
  if you 're looking for mods to enhance the gameplay with your friends , then grab tfar or acre , it multiplies your gameplay fun by a million . 
  additionally ace can be super fun if you 're into realism stuff , but that requires some knowledge to set up ( and make missions for ) . 
  lastly the rhs or cup pack provide you with content that goes above and beyond a3 and expands the game into the a2 universe .
