  afterwards he would make the same food and rate it again to see if the addition of rice improved or decreased the quality of the meal . 
  i believe it was in askreddit you should be able to find it with a quick google search . 
  check out the getting started guide in the sidebar, 
  i 'm extremely eager to hit the 1000lb club , started out at roughly 500ish , currently at 770lbs but i was wondering , are these the lifts you can do for 5 reps or just one ? 
  also do you `` need '' to join the club raw with no belts , straps and sleeves ? 
  you pay for applying ? 
  i am studying in central europe so a ton of foreign university registration related topics are foreign to me, 
  i feel like a lot of underwater potential is lost . 
  i do n't recall any official bi missions about it other than 1 showcase , i hope bi give us some underwater action in apex . 
  client fps is not limited by server fps , a bi dev even confirmed this on this very sub . 
   am i screwed ? 
  yes . 
  the 8350 is less than optimal for arma 3 ( and probably gaming in general ) . 
  with that being said `` never seen 60 fps '' is hardly a metric that makes the game unplayable . 
  i run the same cpu and i hover between 30-40 fps , sometimes dips into below 30 but it 's not too bad . 
  lowering your graphic quality will do next to nothing , you may squeeze out a handful of frames but not much . 
  the real killer here is the object draw distance . 
  higher distance = lower fps and vice versa . 
  try to find the sweet spot between good fps but also acceptable draw distance ( granted you got the rest of the settings optimized ), 
  the whole thread reeked of bullshit , but then again it 's askreddit , what do you expect, 
  can you get your cpu to a decent over clock just on fans ? 
  i have a noctua cooler with huge fans on it and wanted to overclock for a while now . 
  i see you quite a lot commenting on technical threads in / r/arma and i love your responses , they are always white in depth . 
  how did you figure the these things out ? 
  diagnostic tools ? 
  i think this has nothing to do with arma, 
  if you 've had alright performance in a2 your frames are not gon na be stellar in a3 . 
  with that being said its hard to tell without knowing your hardware, 
  i do n't know about presets but it 's always good to set up your own key configuration , so you feel most comfortable with it . 
  the most pressing issue i can see is that you ca n't zoom in and out without a numpad . 
  you can when holding right mouse button , but that also holds your breath, 
  there actually is on the / r/steroids wiki . 
  something tells me you did n't read carefully enough, 
  you ca n't fix a memory leak . 
  a memory leak is caused by bad programming and only the developers who have the source code can fix that . 
  what you can do though is carefully studying when the memory leak occurs and then report it on the arma 3 feedback tracker . 
  how do you know it 's a memory leak anyway ? 
  gg on mentioning the computers price but not components . 
  if your computer was $ 1200 4 years ago it does n't surprise me that it ca n't handle arma 3 properly . 
  what 's your cpu ? 
  you can only really know for sure that it 's a memory leak if you track arma 's ram usage over a certain time . 
  i usually play hourlong sessions and i do n't see a performance decrease over time, 
  a lot of people say a lot of stupid things about arma without knowing what they are talking about . 
  do n't just echo what others are saying , do your own research, 
  what do you mean it shuts down ? 
  usually when a process ends in windows not gracefully , an error is being thrown . 
  mostly that you ran out of ram in that case . 
  what do you mean by dc ? 
  does it just disconnect you from the server ? 
  and kick you back to the main menu ? 
  is it maybe one of these error codes ? 
  check out my other reply . 
  usually when a program exits with an error code , it 's pretty simple to find out what it is by googling, 
  but that would n't help with a memory leak , if it were one . 
  what was the intention of buying a watercooler , if not for overclocking ? 
  read into the topic . 
  it 's not the most trivial thing out there but it 's not rocket science either, 
  why do n't you do pull-ups on your pull day ? 
  it 's absolutely normal and your body will get used to it after a while . 
  just make sure you sit down and rest for a minute or so . 
  do n't lift heavy shit when light headed , a barbell on your foot makes for bad workouts over the following weeks, 
  here 's the deal : rest days are called rest days for a reason . 
  if you can easily punch out another 12 reps pull ups for 3-4 sets that just tells me that your intensity on your pull day is n't high enough . 
  if pull ups are super easy for you they lose their purpose anyway , just like bodyweight dibs do n't make sense if you can do 30 in a row without getting tired . 
  additionally you are just providing muscle imbalance , your upper back gets two workouts per week , but your chest only gets one . 
  surely that ca n't be great for your posture over the course of a year, 
  you do exercises because they look badass ? 
  well neither pull ups nor push ups are shoulder exercises, 
  take a pen , a piece of paper and write down what your variables are after each iteration of all loops , that helps a lot . 
  your outer most loop wo n't work because each time it starts you set i to 0 . 
  leave declaration of the variable and its increment inside the for loop header, 
  in sorry to tell you this , but you ca n't workout as much as you , with eating as little as you , for over 2 months and not change weight . 
  if you eat at a deficit you will lose weight sooner or later , anything else breaks the laws of thermodynamics . 
  again , that 's not possible , over a week maybe , two at most , water retention could be a factor , maybe some recomping . 
  but over 2 months with calories in less than out and next to change in appearance this is just physically impossible . 
  edit : ich les microsoft und denk sofort an windows . 
  it takes 6 ambulances to give cpr to a child , up to 18 for an adult . 
  that should be common knowledge though, 
  nothing , 3.5 months is nothing , keep doing your regular chest exercises and your chest will grow as well, 
  in the grand scheme of things 3.5 months is nothing . 
  building muscle is a marathon , not a sprint, 
  what ? 
  calm down mr. muscles, 
  here 's what i do if a small piece of code does n't do what i think it should do : add cout statements everytime a variable is changed and print all variables . 
  that way you can track what happened to your numbers . 
  try it and see if you can figure out for yourself where your mistake happened, 
  come on dude , this is on the front of / r/thathappened right now . 
  the reposting is real in here, 
  as i said its on the front page right now . 
  what do you mean `` in depth research '' ? 
  take a glance at the first page of this sub ? 
  / u/tarbenderr is op showdowbanned ? 
  i know for sure he commented in this thread , it even says two comments , but it somehow completely vanished . 
  fair enough , thought it would be fair game since it is a public event so i did n't report it . 
  thanks for clarification !, 
  everyone do n't worry about / u/startuptim , he is trolling you . 
  cpucores does nothing to boost your performance just like dimmdrive , as you 've noticed yourself op does n't know what he is talking about . 
  there should be virtually no difference between an i5 and an i7 in arma 3 since arma does n't utilize hyperthreading . 
  look , i could set my launchparameters to - cpucount = 8 but that does n't mean arma will suddenly use all of my 8 physical cores . 
  same goes for maxram , just because you set it to 16 gigabyte does n't mean that arma can actually allocate that much .
