  it 's a great book and i highly recommend it , if you 're new-ish to java . 
  if you know a different oop language inside out and want to use this book as a reference i 'd avoid it . 
  i feel like i should have seen that , thank you for your help !, 
  thanks for the thorough and kind response . 
  too often people get personal in such discussions . 
  i 'll be sure to check out tacbf , i 'll shoot you a pm when i get around to it . 
  if your specs ca n't carry the game , a connection or lack thereof wo n't fix it . 
  why are you so worried about drm anyway ? 
  doesnt answer my question but alright . 
  mlrs is op in a way . 
  it obliterates anything across the entire map but is very limited in ammo , so you got a relatively good balance there . 
   i use them in crossfire , can that have an impact ? 
  possibly . 
  can you disable crossfire and see if it 's still there ? 
  none that i know of but you do n't lose anything running on only one gpu in this game . 
  it 's mostly reliant on the cpu , as such the one gpu you are running on right now wo n't be utilized to its potential, 
   is there a way to play the campaign missions multi-player ? we did that for a2 and it was a pretty nice introduction . 
  ** yup , there 's tons of co-op content in steam workshop or download playwithsix . 
  you can not play the campaign in multiplayer . 
  which is a shame really . 
  have you considered going to hollywood as a director , considering how well staged your videos are ? 
  the principle applies to assets such as weapons , vehicles and the like . 
  however what if a popar radio communications mod now went premium only ? 
  the users who bought it get the mod and everyone else has to sit in teamspeak listening to everyone talking over each other ? 
  the not-able-to-use principle stops working as soon as we talk about mods that are not models in the game , but enhance the gameplay in a certain way , and this is where the problems start . 
  i fully understand why people wish to make money off their work , but i do n't think this is a step in the right direction , the backlash in the skyrim community is already enormous . 
  steam ( allegededly ) started banning players in their community forums openly criticising this business plan . 
  are you sure you want to hop on this bandwagon ? 
  you are not gaining many fans by doing so . 
  when can we expect an official statement ? 
  has valve contacted bohemia if and when you want to adapt this model ? 
  start small . 
  if you started to learn c++ just a couple of days ago , then you still have long road ahead of your . 
  project euler and codeabbey provide good problems to solve in a language you like . 
  if you know the syntax of c++ , how arrays and maybe pointers work , learn the stl . 
  no matter how good your own implementation of strings or a dynamic array are , the std : : string and std : : vector will probably be better . 
  check out / r/dailyprogrammer and try to solve old [ easy ] challenges . 
  your best bet for getting the basics squared away is to buy the book c++ primer fifth edition . 
  it 's the most recommended book for beginners as far as i know , and it covers everything you need to know for now . 
  i 'd check out their website , rather than asking here . 
  we all know , understand and appreciate that reddit is a good source for getting help when you 're stuck with something . 
  however given that epoch is a popular mod , with i believe even it 's own subreddit , own website and possibly on forum do n't expect anyone here to spoon feed you a step by step guide of something , that can easily be found out with a little bit of effort . 
  sound overall was really quiet , listen to the helicopters flying around . 
  i assume op has his sound settings so low he could n't hear the vehicle . 
  we 're all there at some stage . 
  i learned mine some time back when i tried to cross the road in a mission with my unit , while a convoy of friendly tanks was rolling down . 
  needless to say the tank remained undamaged , i did not . 
  this sub is not toxic , but we have threads how to install and enable certain mods every single week . 
  if you 're currently at work then a step by step guide wo n't help you anyway . 
  wait until you get home and dig through the materials . 
  its not hard nor time consuming . 
   that being said , anything more fast-paced ? 
  arma is not a fast paced series . 
  the only two instances i can think of arma being fast paced was in arma 2 a team deathmatch mode in a small closed compound . 
  the second instance being wasteland on stratis with +60 players because you constantly bump into someone . 
  if you want to play with other people against ai find an invade and annex server , but they have a similar orientation towards the experience you just made . 
  you get transported into the objective , which can take some time ( depending on the server and availability of transportation ) and if you 're not careful you get shot and die . 
  if you 're more into pvp battles then i recommend the eutw or king of the hill . 
  the latter being a bit more fast paced than the former but you lose your life in both rather quickly if you 're running around without watching were you step . 
  i do n't know exactly what you mean by fast paced but you wo n't find the speed of a call of duty or battlefield within the arma series . 
  your standard engagements with the enemy usually happen over range , which means you want to be concealed and the first to shoot , or in towns where you have to walk slowly and carefully . 
  play the tutorial and maybe the campaign to get a bit of a feel for the movement , pace and style of the game . 
   by fast-paced i meant not traveling ten minutes to an objective . 
  i like cti , i just wish objectives were more densely packed . 
  try out king of the hill , it 's a bit fpsy but it sounds most certainly like what you are looking for, 
   i also think i wo n't mind the travel as much when i can actually fly helicopters . 
  i think i expressed myself wrongly . 
  the way the public server in my unit operates is very similar to most public servers of units . 
  we run invade and annex in which you take objectives and towns one by own against ai . 
  now when you spawn you wait at base for a helicopter to pick you up , fly you to the objective and drop you . 
  when you die you respawn at base and the whole thing starts again . 
  if you want to fly then flying is your job . 
  you do n't jump out of the helo at the objective to kill the bad guys with your team mates , because that means the logistical chain of getting troops from base to the ao is interrupted . 
  and even then . 
  having owned a server myself with a little community for a bit less then 2 years you 're always spending more than you 're `` earning '' . 
  unless of course you run one of those high profile servers with thousands unique players each week but you do n't stomp one of those out of the ground in the course of a couple days . 
  if op wants rent servers , to arma players , why does he need to know what mods to run ? 
  just let the server run with configurable start up parameters . 
  there 's a script that does that . 
  try googling something along the lines of `` targeting pod armaholic '' . 
  i 'm currently on mobile so i ca n't really help you out . 
  it basically straps the darter uav to your wing , so you can access it via a scroll wheel option in flight . 
  it basically lets you lase for yourself but it was n't the best solution , since you could n't lock on to targets with it , so whenever your aircraft moved the darter 's laser would move as well . 
  maybe it changed though , i have n't tried it in ages . 
  dean hall left the development team of dayz a while back . 
  two things come to my mind . 
  either ( 1.0 / 60 ) * 1000 or 0.006 if my math ai n't off here, 
  very off , must have mixed something up . 
  still point stands op could just compare his variable to 16.6, 
  i 'm enrolled in two undergrad programs physics and computer science . 
  if you do n't enjoy math do n't do physics . 
  however if you do n't mind solving physical problems other equations over equations then it 's the right thing for you . 
  then off you go . 
  physics is imho such an enjoyable field to study . 
  he ai n't called koffeinflummi for nothin ' . 
  my german speaking brothers and sisters will get this one hopefully . 
  could n't you just refer him to / r/findanuit ? 
  your post now serves as recruitment and is now against this subreddit 's rules . 
  skype is a memory hog in comparison to teamspeak though . 
  if you do n't have lots and lots of ram it 's less then ideal .
