darn , messed up the format . 
  done, 
  i copy/paste what my server host tells me . 
  if you have any doubts about it please contact them www.nitrado.net, 
  bump, 
  depending on if you decide to stay with the 15th or not you could have a look at the 7th cavalry gaming regiment at www.7thcavalry.us, 
  been with them for more than a year now and more than satisfied with their weekly events ( large scale operations ) and the community, 
  other than the nimitz , which is an aircraft carrier as far as i know , no . 
  your best bet would be to head over to armaholic and search there , although i do n't recall seeing any interesting naval vehicles , and none that are actual large enough to be able to walk on them . 
  wait for a sale on steam , or know someone who sent in an entry to the makearmanotwar contest , as you get a 30 % coupon there for the game . 
  all other sites , that sell keys are mostly not trustworthy and can get you banned , if the key is stolen . 
  on a personal note : the price of the game is more than justified . 
  the content , that 's designed in those perks for those patrons , will it be exclusive content that by default will never be released to the public or is it a sort of delayed-content concept ? 
  donators will get the series `` art of flight '' earlier than and a few weeks-months later it will be pushed to youtube ( pretty much how rooster teeth does it with red vs blue ) . 
  i generally like the idea of supporting people who create content that is worth watching and enjoyable . 
  for the time being i will have my adblock turned off , but maybe in the near future i can chip a dollar in or two . 
  keep the good work up !, 
  you , sir , are a saint in this community . 
  too many greedy yet creative and talented people stopped doing what they enjoyed because of a few dollars . 
  i applaud your professional and community driven way of approaching this donation thing . 
  i hope you set an example to others as well . 
  should n't have just skipped over the title i suppose , my bad . 
  if you want to keep it on public servers , pvp and no 3rd person , filter for `` cti warfare '' servers that have `` 3rd off '' in their name . 
  been playing in the past weeks a lot of that game mode . 
  it 's straight forward pvp with objectives and a small economy system , that only affects your gameplay if you want to fly or ride in a tank . 
  if you want to keep it to infantry anyway , i highly recommend those servers to you, 
  there seems to be a general issue with laser guided artillery , especially in sp , not sure if you would encounter the same problems online . 
  in the mission you are talking about i just put myself up on a nearby hill and called in all the artillery i had , so basically 9 he shells , that was enough to clear out the town . 
  i think he means after respawn , happens to me to . 
  same effect when i get killed by grenades or any kind of explosion . 
  no idea why, 
  because a lot of games offer intense and immersive mp moments , while only in arma the developers provided you with stable content and the community took it upon themselves to mod the hell out of it . 
  when was the last time you saw mechs walking through manhatten in a milsim ? 
  as someone who is really low on blood , on pain and in the middle of nowhere , thank you , i will try this when i get home . 
  filter for eutw , these guys set up multiple cti warfare servers with 3rd person and map spotting off . 
  you have a money system that more or less rewards you for being succesfull as a part of the team , so you can buy weapons , vehicles and other gizmos . 
  i quite enjoy my time there , sometimes you 'll get a shitty team other times you wo n't . 
  yesterday i spent about two hours on one of their servers , with intense gunfights between nato and csat in a factory complex , all with other players , no bullshit ai and no boring `` look around the corner '' 3rd person . 
  i do n't know about insurgency but a few servers run the domination-esque invade and annex . 
  auto hover is good for what it is : automatic hovering . 
  do n't confuse it with a break . 
  the best advice i can give is put down an air unit in the editor ( hummingbird and pawnee being the most generous training helos ) and try to move slowly around take off , touch down again . 
  do n't go fast right away . 
  watch dyslexi 's art of flight videos , even though recorded in a2 they still apply mostly to a3 . 
  at the end of the day it boils down to practice , do n't try to practice in koth servers as hostile environment applies unnecessary pressure to you when flying . 
  scripts in missions get stuck from time to time , if restarting did n't help try verifying your game cache just to be sure and if that does n't help you can always skip the mission with the cheat command . 
  i know it 's not honorable but better than missing out on one of the better campaigns bi gave us . 
  king of the hill and cti warfare are my favorite ones . 
  for the latter just filter eutw and you 'll be provided with a couple awesome servers . 
  to answer the question , yes people still play it . 
  i was n't too lucky with finding any decent public servers though . 
  you might want look into joining a group that still supports it . 
  as far as i know this only goes for the karts dlc and will not be possible with the helicopter dlc for obvious reasons . 
  best way to start imho is to start mission making and eventually scripting as it will help you understand immensely how the game works . 
  i think the guy 's name is focker who released a scripting guide for a3 . 
  he introduces you into the basics of sqf and how to write scripts in arma 3 , while not too in depth , it 's a good way to get started . 
  how is it easier than ticking / unticking boxes in a launcher ? 
  dangerous in coop sessions though , backing up between friendlies is already hard enough . 
  good hotfix though, 
  gon na assume you talk about a3 here , if you click on server it will tell you in the bottom right what mods you need . 
  as far as it goes what mods are allowed on servers that 's really server dependent . 
  eutw allows sound and graphic mods such as speed of sound and blastcore , any other mods would surprise me to be honest . 
  acre is a whole new topic : it wo n't be of any use because it 's a radio mod for multiplayer purposes . 
  i know very few public servers that run acre . 
  you also need teamspeak 3 for acre to connect to something . 
  additionally i would advise to use ( if you have a few friends that play arma 3 and a ts server you can play on ) task force arrowhead radio , as the current . 
  version of acre is just a port and there is no official release for the plugin `` yet '' . 
  for using weapon packs in singleplayer missions you have to use the editor or play a mission that was made with that weapon pack . 
  there are export and import buttons on the bottom of the virtual arsenal ( or whatever its called ) , not sure if they are functioning , but they will be used to put the load out you made into a . sqf for mission making purposes . 
  i get a steady 50-60 fps on all koth and eutw servers , if you get nothing above 30 you might wan na change your settings, 
  generally next to the server name you will see what mission the server is playing . 
  / r/findaunit and group listing , i know a few good groups , send me a message if you 're interested as i do n't want to shamelessly advertise openly here, 
  i do n't need to prove my statement , i have my fps and im happy with them , if you get less , thats bad luck for you . 
  but far more dense when it comes to urban areas . 
  no city in chernarus is even remotely the size of kavala . 
  listen to / u/honkertonks and just wait for the steam sale . 
  not only does steam not support key retailers ( i.e. 
  if you have russian key and your not from russia the game wo n't be able to start via steam ) the chances of getting ripped off are fairly high . 
  it really depends on the video , if it 's a video , that really * needs * 20 minutes to get the immersion to the viewer , then yeah i 'd be happy to sit down and watch the entire thing . 
  i 'd also go above that and watch 40-60 minute videos , given you cut out the boring stuff ( i.e. 
  riding in a help ) and get to the point . 
  i 've seen a lot of `` look what me and my friends found the other day '' 10 minute videos when the climax and the important part of the video happens somewhere in the last 30 seconds . 
  and that 's just boring and awful to watch , as i do n't want to sit down and watch you and your 5 friends fucking around when i really came for the funny / interesting / immersive part of the video . 
  i am no video maker myself but i 'd advise the following . 
  length does n't matter as long as the video does n't * feel * long . 
  make use of cuts , leave out bullshit that no one wants to see and if you cut to a specific section make sure the viewer knows whats going on , so either a voice from the off explaining or subtitles putting the shown picture in a frame . 
  turn your brightness down i 'd say . 
  any specific reason why you have it all the way up ? 
  also clunky but should be working : grab the ammo and put it in the ai 's backpack ( if they have one ) . 
  probably one of the slower ways to do it though . 
  it depends on your playstyle , but haul you want a 6.5 mm rifle or higher with a mrco . 
  if you go for the mk 18 ( i think that 's the name of the m14ish one ) you have a nice higher caliber rifle that destroys targets faster obviously , however with the 20 round magazine you want to make every shot count . 
  if you are a slow paced player with patience , grab an ar , grab a decent scope and set up in a building in a frequented road . 
  200 rounds per mag are enough for suppressing enemy effectively . 
   reports of things being worked on, 
  when ? 
  where ? 
  there are actual people working on an actual ace for a3 ? 
  sounds great . 
  ace has two rather large competitors with the ambitious agm mod and the very promising cse by glowbal .
