  just wait for a sale dude . 
  no it 's not , but consider running arma on its own without any other programs running in the background . 
  lots of chrome tabs , skype , maybe spotify and you 're soon hitting a ceiling with that 8 gigs of yours . 
  you do realize that majority of people are still on 1080p and that wo n't change for a long time . 
  i have an msi r9 390 too , have n't had any coil whine . 
  maybe i was lucky . 
  if you want `` the most beast card out there '' we are no longer talking fury x or 980ti . 
  the price bracket you are talking about lies way above the one grand range and i 'm not entirely sure why you 'd want such a card . 
  take a look at gpus over a grand . 
  titan z for example , though i am not sure why you would n't be satisfied with a fury . 
  how many monitors are you running and what resolution ? 
  out of curiosity , is there any reason you do n't consider a 390 ? 
  it 's cheaper than the 390x , depending on where you live same price ( plus minus a few bucks ) the 970 and it 's said to be more `` future proof '' whatever that means in terms of hardware . 
  jayztwocents did a good video over on youtube comparing the 390 and 970 . 
  but it 's not a rebrand . 
  it has a reworked silicon allowing for better overclocking and as far as it goes for drivers they are on par with nvidia . 
  most people would recommend buying a 390 over 970 , but if you 're stuck with your brand loyalty then sure why not . 
  however you would live a better life if you decide on the budget you want to spend and get the best card in that bracket , not the one that has the shinier name on it . 
  well yes i would . 
  if the drivers of company a sucked in the past 3 months and the drivers of company b did n't , then i will go for company b. 
  * historically * amd drivers may have been slacking , but how 's that gon na help my current setup if the drivers from 2010 were awesome ? 
  you were being specific and you were told in this very thread that a ) it does n't work with that card and b ) that even if it would work you would n't gain any improvements . 
  both are tech support answers , not opinions . 
  it does n't matter what you have done in the past . 
  you base your decision not to get a 390 ( x ) because of the brand that it wears . 
  it 's not a simple rebrand , it carries more vram , all of it 's vram is accessible in the same speed and it trades blows with the 970 at 1080p but pulls away a few fps at 1440p while being in the same price bracket . 
  if you can get your hands on a 970 that 's considerably cheaper than the 390 then sure , go for it . 
  but for example where i live the evga 970 costs about 50 euros more than the msi 39 390 , so the decision was easy . 
  it all comes down to the resolution you 're playing at , the settings you intend to hit and your budget . 
  take all that , compare various benchmarks of multiple reviews and you have your answer . 
  imho it does n't make sense to compare the 970 and 980ti ( as some have already done in this thread ) because they are miles away from each other when it comes to their price . 
  pick a budget and compare cards in that bracket . 
  edit : just saw your made your decision , if you got it and tested it out be sure to reply back how it performs compared to the 290x , i 'd be interested to see that . 
  your ping spikes by 20ms ? 
  does it do that in all games / applications ? 
  was it a clean install of windows 10 or an upgrade and you still have your old programs ? 
  how often do these random spikes occur ? 
  ring up your isp and tell them about it . 
  assuming all drivers are brand new i do n't see how this would be an os specific problem . 
  with that being said have your observed your ping that closely before you upgraded to windows 10 ? 
  it could have always spiked and you 're just noticing it now . 
  i do n't think i can help you any further either . 
  try / r/techsupport, 
  no i ca n't believe this because i do n't think this is true . 
  this pc was obviously built by someone and not pre built . 
  going off amazon.com prices this pc would cost around 6300 usd , a playstation 4 costs on amazon.com 399 usd . 
  so you mean to tell us someone went out , bought / built themselves a pc with a one grand cpu , a one grand gpu and then traded it in for cash and a console ? 
  i think it 's the only realism mod that is being actively developed so yes . 
  well , you have n't really told us how much you are willing to spend , the resolution you are playing at or what settings you want to play at . 
  at first glance however i can say i have a similar setup , with a fx 8350 and recently bought a new gpu msi r9 390 . 
  i am extremely satisified with it and can highly recommend it . 
  for arma 3 you are looking at anything with a newer intel cpu in it , since the game basically lives off single threaded performance . 
  with a prebuilt pc and a good cpu you can expect the gpu to be shit , but that can still be upgraded later down the road . 
  okay where is the pc he sold / traded ? 
  i thought he traded it all for a ps4 and some cash ? 
  now he sold the parts one by one ? 
  what does `` nice resolution '' mean ? 
  1080p , 1440p , 4k ? 
  what 's your budget ? 
  iirc it 's not worth it . 
  barely any games will utilize it and in a worst case scenario you will bottleneck your 960 , but take my statement with a grain of salt, 
  the devs of both mods have stated that they shoot for different scopes . 
  tfar aims to be more casual and easy to use while acre is a more realistic approach . 
  i do n't feel like either is better , they both have their pros and cons . 
  well , unless you know the ipc of different cpus , then you have actually a very good metric to compare performances . 
  did n't think about that , good point . 
  check out / r/nvidia threads over the past 3-4 weeks . 
  arma 2 wo n't be benefiting from an overclocked 390 . 
  the arma series is known to be bottlenecked by the cpu , so whatever gpu you have your performance is dictated mostly by single core performance of your cpu . 
  lowest settings offloads from the gpu to the cpu , it 's not recommended to run the game on the lowest settings either way . 
  do you know what a port is ? 
  where i live the 970 costs 370 $ and the 390 also 370 $ . 
  you have n't told us , 20 fps in singleplayer or multiplayer ? 
  also do n't go overboard with object render distance , that can tank your fps even on the best systems . 
   `` fix '' / look more into my diet at a point in the near future, 
  why the near future ? 
  why not today , or tomorrow ? 
   i 'm also a complete newbeginner to all of this , so any help is greatly appreciated . 
   i 'm unsure whether i will be able to make myself/be disciplined enough go to the gym regularly, 
  you should try before already assuming that you wo n't go regularly . 
  you also do n't need a gym to workout . 
  bodyweight exercises are great as a starter . 
   how did you start going to the gym, 
  read through resources , talked to experienced friends , had an introduction with a personal trainer and off i went . 
  bought a membership and went three times a week . 
  whenever there 's something i wanted to improve on or fix id check forums . 
  arma 3 is bottlenecked by the cpu , so i think you are already getting all out of it . 
  with that being said i 'm not sure if a 970 has enough power for other aaa titles with 3 screens . 
  you learn most of this in your first year of computer science . 
  everything that is n't covered there is easily learned on your own , once you know the basics . 
  bohemia interactive recommends not to buy the game from anywhere else other than steam and their own store . 
  these are the only two retailers where you are guaranteed to get a legit key for your region . 
  they also wo n't provide any support of the key was bought from somewhere else . 
  arma 3 was released +3 years ago , i think you can wait a little longer and but the game during a sale . 
  it 's not much but i 've been running a 390 for the better part of a month now and i have n't had any major issues . 
  it kept crashing when playing t far cry 4 for some reason but everything went as smooth as it gets on other games . 
   expected someone with your ego to have more fight within them, 
  i did n't tbh . 
  the handful of members they have saw the backlash they created , made everything private , deleted traces and are now probably jerking each other off over how cool they are . 
  i 'm running it with a 650w bronze psu and had no issues whatsoever .
