  til . 
  thanks for the information , chap . 
  are you a mechanic or where do you learn this stuff ? 
  `` innocent '' . 
  what was he doing out there in the open ? 
  suspicious at the very least, 
  just do n't bring politics into / r/arma, 
  we 're all just having fun here, 
  i do n't dare to ride my own bike up a ramp , i either ask 2 friends to help me or it 's not going up the ramp at all . 
  fuck dropping my bike after whiskey throttling it into a flatbed truck, 
  latin 's a bit rusty but with the help of google : this is a shorter version of the phrase `` maiorsque cadunt altis de montibus umbrae '' , which ( i believe ) translates to `` large shadows fall from the mountains '' ( literally ) . 
  i believe the short version translates to `` large shadows from the mountains '' , but i could be wrong . 
  the people of / r/latin probably know more though , in case you really want to know, 
  i failed my first test too . 
  think about it this way , failing means not being ready for the road . 
  not being ready means being prone to crashing . 
  more training means more safety, 
  gal 's been receiving this one liner everyday for three years and only after a thousandish messages she decides to reply and asks to stop ? 
  ah very believable . 
  bonus points for being creepy enough to text someone for 3 years after they left you . 
  because it 's over, 
  thanks !, 
  i strive for excellence, 
  askreddit is a great sub when it comes to creative questions or opinions . 
  it 's complete garbage storytelling because unless backed up with a news article it 's over the top , whacky , made up bullshit, 
  no , i 'd go as far as saying that the `` usual youtube drama '' is about popular youtubers fighting each other . 
  this is a real concern to content creators , who partially or fully live off of youtube, 
  i thought this was the first instance of companies pulling their ads from yt, 
  i think you 're accusing many content creators here of a crime they did n't commit . 
  the youtubers i watch have no interest in drama and are largely staying out of it . 
  thanks for the fast reply , scared the living shit out of me, 
  if you can afford a little more i 'd recommend a cbr500r i use it as a daily commuter so great for stop and go , it has enough power for highway rides but at the same time it 's not overwhelming with measly < 50bhp, 
  so with no prior experience you were able to download the source code of a game , that probably relied on third party libraries and read through it line by line . 
  completely disregarding the fact that the game consisted of multiple files and did n't just start with main . 
  you 're a brain dead idiot for assuming the people on this sub buy your horseshit, 
  well , no and yes . 
  understanding computer architecture will help with advanced programming . 
  for example understanding how the cache works , memory , the heap and stack , but all these are principles that you will also pick up in c++ . 
  in a computer architecture course you will learn about how cpus work , how ram is designed , the difference between a von-neumann architecture and harvard architecture . 
  cisc vs risc , sisd vs simd vs mimd . 
  all of these are nice to know but not necessarily a must when it comes to learning to program . 
  you fixed the problem but did n't answer the question , your formatting is also off . 
  congrats this is n't applicable in c++ at all . 
  if you download the source code for a game that uses , say sfml you will learn fuck all, 
   plug your bike into your laptop, 
  we live in the fucking future . 
  i know it should n't surprise me anymore but the fact that anyone can just buy a cable , get some software and tinker with the bike 's onboard computer is mesmerizing . 
  future cock blocks hard yo, 
  you ca n't completely stall it , because of ammo capacity and the gun possibly overheating , but the gun does brake the plane ever so slightly whe firing . 
  hence why on board systems kick the nose a little bit down once the gun is armed . 
  from the wikipedia page about the gau8 :, 
   the average recoil force of the gau-8 / a is 10,000 pounds-force ( 45 kn ) , which is slightly more than the output of one of the a-10 's two tf34 engines ( 9,065 lbf / 40.3 kn each ) . 
  while this recoil force is significant , in practice a cannon fire burst only slows the aircraft a few miles per hour in level flight . 
  my license cost me around 1100 dollars , talk to me about sweet deals, 
  i do n't know of a single mod that visually outclasses bi , same for functionality, 
  last time i used the nimitz it was buggy as fuck . 
  fun to play with , yes , but i kept glitching through the internals and fell through the floor . 
  i assume that bis decision has mostly to do with engine limitations more than anything else . 
  they are a company and need to deliver products that above all : work well and look good . 
  if the internals of the uss freedom would look bad or be glitchy they only set themselves up for bad press . 
  in this case they are playing it safe by not doing it instead of doing a bad job . 
  not only supersport , op was looking at a cbr1000 . 
  how to whiskey throttle yourself straight into the coffin as a new rider, 
  i do n't know dude , stairs and stuff where nightmares in arma 2 but i have yet to fall through a wall in arma 3, 
   nice shot !, 
  understatement of the season, 
  i usually bring the bike up my dad introduced me to in such a discussion . 
  its a 199something suzuki savage 650 . 
  as the name suggests its a 650cc bike but has one cylinder . 
  it produces 31 bhp , which is n't exciting or frightening . 
  my current bike is a 2016 cbr500r , less displacement but a 2 cylinder inline engine , makes a whopping 50 bhp , which is a lot more but still not exciting . 
  my dream bike a yamaha r6 has a 600cc engine , only slightly larger than my cbr500r and smaller displacement than the savage , but produces around 130 bhp , which is a fucking lot . 
  hey i know this comment is old but but are there 20 hour `` werkstudent '' openings by any chance , or would you be willing to take one in ? 
  tell that to the completely modelled underwater world in arma 3 and the diving equipment as well as the 2 person submarine, 
  thank you for your fast reply . 
  and again thank yo for the offer , right now i 'm interested in a c++ dev position though . 
  maybe at a later time, 
  i can understand that the video has a lot of fluff . 
  what happened can probably be cut down to a 5-7 minute video however it 's pretty interesting to see how a lot of different game mechanics can have an effect on each other with an outcome that was n't supposed to happen . 
  the dev specifically programmed it so cats would n't drink alcohol yet they got drunk and died , which is pretty exciting if you ask me . 
  the unit i 'm in does a 24 hour mission twice or so a year . 
  as / u/savot mentioned restarts are a must , also someone who is zeus for a dynamic experience . 
  next you want someone or something to clean up dead bodies and vehicles after a while so they do n't clutter performance . 
  additionally : 12 hour mission does n't mean 12 hour nonstop action , that 's exhausting and also not possible . 
  downtimes can be made fun with patrolling areas , briefings , debriefings or random encounters . 
  a good zeus is the key to success, 
  are you loitering over the enemy safe zone just to smoke everything that leaves it ? 
  you 're tracking a helo departing , keep checking your map when it becomes vulnerable and then fire off an aa missile as well as guns . 
  that 's dirty yo, 
  / u/dwarden any news on the io stutter that came with 64 bit ~ ~ on amd cpus ~ ~ ? 
  it 's been included in the previous profiling update but did n't fix the issue sadly, 
  i run a fx 8350 paired with a r9 390 and 1866mhz ram . 
  whenever i am in a vehicle that 's driving or flying the sound becomes choppy and frames drop to 1, 
  boom roasted, 
  i 'll give it a crack thanks, 
  windows 10 including creators update , arma is stored on a ssd , i will have to check where logs are stored, 
  look up for loops and the `` ` break ; `` ` keyword, 
  on a different note , do n't use srand . 
  instead look up the new random header that came with c++ 11, 
  `` we 're crawling along the pipeline please hold fire if you 're shooting at it '',
