  you 're welcome !, 
  check out codeabbey too . 
  same principle as project euler but different problems to solve, 
  kiss - keep it short and simple . 
  when you are creating your own first programs do n't compare yourself to enterprise software that has been around for years or an open source project maintained by hundreds of people . 
  when you are working on a project and you bump into a problem , google it . 
  chances are someone had the same problem . 
  once you 've found the solution implement into your own code and keep working . 
  repeat this process until you have satisfactory results . 
  that 's something that just comes with time . 
  though if you started with java two months ago i personally would not advise diving straight into android development . 
  get some experience under the belt with `` desktop java '' , your ability to code for android will benefit from it . 
  because outside the u.s. the 980ti is more than 650 dollars . 
  for reference where i live it actually costs close to ( and sometimes above ) 900 usd . 
  i 'd personally rather not spend almost a grand on a card that i will swap out in 6 months to possibly spend another grand . 
  i mean just the command line . 
  you take a text editor , write your programs in them , save them as . cpp and . hpp respectively and then compile with g + + . 
  saves you all the hassle of working with thousands of functions that you do n't need as a beginner . 
  i have to agree with the auto moderator . 
  this question belongs in a gaming relevant subreddit . 
  do n't feed the troll, 
  here are my thoughts :, 
   cover is your friend , it does in fact stop bullets after all . 
  that is dependent on the type of cover and the type of ammunition you are facing . 
  iirc the .50 strapped onto a mrap can pierce through the walls of a house with ease . 
  generally good advice though . 
   concealment doesnt work against ai , most of the times , cover is usually a better choice ... 
  no , no , no !, 
  for the n-th time concealment does work against ai . 
  vegetation has geometry and ai ca n't see through that . 
  extensive testing has been done on that subject it has been successfully debunked and even a developer commented on this . 
  when you are in the decision cover vs. concealment obviously always go for cover but concealment works against ai . 
   try to outlive your ammo , it 's no use when you 're dead . 
  but you are no use in your team when you are out of rounds . 
  do n't empty your mags just because you fear of not being able to use them . 
  i 'd rather go home with 2 spare mags knowing that i 've used my other rounds well , than standing in the middle of the battlefield asking my teammates to spare a mag or two because i 've been blindly using it all . 
   be patient !, 
  being successful in arma is at least 50 % patience . 
  that is some grade a solid advice . 
  i often see new players jumping into the action and then respawning really quick . 
   using equipment that isnt from your side is likely to get you killed . 
  ( there 's a few exceptions ), 
  i see where this is coming from but i do n't see any disadvantages in looting dead enemies for fragmentation grenades , smokes and similar pieces of equipment . 
   unless it 's against the rules picking up and anti-tank launcher is often a great idea, 
  that depends . 
  are you in a pub server and intend to hunt tanks ? 
  go for it , otherwise they really slow you down and have great impact on your fatigue . 
   if a friendly automatic rifleman ( ar , or the guy with the lmg ) dies in an engagement it is recommended that you take his gun, 
  depends on the setting you are playing in . 
  why would n't you bring an ar yourself in the first place ? 
  and if it 's only volumes of fire why are squads not consisting of 9 automatic riflemen ? 
   in arma you are typically engaging at 300 m with ironsights, 
  yes and no . 
  you 're not gon na swap out your acog for is just because there is someone closer than 500m . 
  most sights provide two optics , swapping between those two is faster . 
  500m even with an acog is hard , unless the target is moving and you have all day to take your shot . 
  frogmen everywhere !, 
   picking that up and using it can go a long way during an engagement . 
  i see where you are coming from , it 's not a recommended thing to when under fire and i personally would n't do it because you have virtually no information about the ars ammunition . 
  in a worst case scenario you end up with an empty gun you need to swap out again which costs time . 
   for the ammo i personally end up dead in engagements with 5 + mags of the 10 i start with . 
  the trick is not being relentless with your ammo , the trick is not dying . 
  i 'm not sure if we talk about the same arma gameplay , but usually i play with my group where operations last somewhere between 2 and 4 hours . 
  sometimes without being able to rearm , so that ammo needs to last . 
   but if you do run out of ammo you 're not useless , you have two hands and can pickup another weapon/ammo, 
  only from dead friendlies , you need to be lucky enough to have some around you . 
  swapping out your own weapon for an enemies weapon is adviseable in singleplayer but i hardly would ever recommend it when playing in a group . 
  you get id 'd by your weapon , if you show up with an ak in the new guy 's scope you might end up toasted . 
   the is / optic thing is talking about the ranges you engage at with what you have on your weapon . 
  usually when i talk about scopes they are bound to roles in the squad . 
  meaning sl and ftls usually get acogs while the rest has holo or aimpoint . 
  i see where you 're getting at with your is - range discussion but it should come down to what you feel comfortable with . 
  if you can bullseye 10/10 shots over 600 meters and no scope i do n't think anyone will force you to use one . 
  at the same sense if someone has just no idea how to fire with is even at 100 meters i will not force them either . 
  both have their pros and cons and generally are a matter of taste . 
   in my group we have engaged from 800 meters, 
  so have we , but you usually need a second guy to spot for you and 800 meters already is a stretch . 
  depending on the weapon platform we are talking about . 
  the m249b from the rhs mod is a shit weapon at 700 meters and above . 
  you might be able to hit something but it has a very large spray . 
  good for suppression , awful for precision shooting . 
  the m240 however will kill even beyond 800 meters when in the right hands . 
  ranges that large are generally out of the standard infantry man 's scope in arma . 
  successfull engagements depend on your own expertise , your weapon platform , your optics and possibly a second guy to spot for you . 
  while it 's a useful skill , it 's not something to be done by a beginner . 
   i personally think it 's easier to start out carrying more ammo and using up more of it until you learn how to range/aim better . 
  that 's the old ammo vs weight debate . 
  personally i think an operation with 50 other people where your skills might be dependent on success or failure is not a place to learn how to shoot . 
  a quick mcc or patrol ops with some friends however is . 
   operation length is an important consideration when considering ammo usage , though when it comes down to it and you are receiving heavy fire from a long distance ( 500 ish m ) taking the time to aim ( in my experience ) gets you shot . 
  when you get under fire over such a range you shoot back , pop smoke and break contact . 
  you never fight back because the enemy human or ai obviously has the advantage , they think they can eliminate you over such a large distance while sustaining no casualties . 
   in my group we typically have the aar pickup the ar 's weapon, 
  in my group we do n't . 
  we do n't have an aar . 
  usually the ar 's ammo is distributed to the ftl as well , but that is very group specific and we could talk day and night without coming to an agreeable middle path . 
   at 600 meters most people probably cant even id, 
  maybe it 's me or maybe it 's you , but my engagements on arma are rarely that high . 
  they are hovering somewhere in the 150m to 350m range but i never get shot over 500 meters by the enemy , unless it 's a technical or a sniper rifle . 
  load up the game , go into the editor chuck down a dude and put yourself 500-600 or even 700 meters away .
