  plenty of people already said they wont get the expansion . 
   sure we get vtol and light strike vehicles , but they have n't even shown us them . 
  what are they ? 
  new vehicles and weapons , they have n't told us anything about them . 
  all we know , new weapons could be 4 new pistols . 
  there is a concept art of the vtol floating around in this subreddit . 
  new vehicles and weapons for at least one new faction . 
  so if youre going by the other arma 3 factions i think its safe to assume at least one of everything . 
  1 apc , 1 mbt etc. 
  if they 're introducing a new faction with a new campaign it would surprise me if they only chuck in 2 pistols and a smg . 
  bohemia knows its fans and the backlash would be enormous . 
  to briefly adress this concern :, 
   new map has been shown briefly , but i have n't seen anything else . 
  actually in the map trailer we saw a single engine civilian airplane , a construction vehicle ( which will probably be a static ) and a fisher boat . 
  i could have sworn i also saw a jetski somewhere . 
   vtol aircraft can be one crappy aircraft that is not useful at all . 
  usefulness is in the eye of the beholder . 
  some may argue that the sling loading feature introduced with helicopter dlc is useless , others might argue that ffv is useless , because arma doesnt really rely on high speed chases , but this game can be played in so many different ways , that commenting on the usefulness of a vehicle , especially one that is yet to be released , is beyond ridiculous . 
   i am going to assume vtol mechanics are going to be free for all , so modders can do vtol aircrafts . 
  i do n't see any reason to pre-order this expansion currently . 
  as i said you do n't have to . 
  and while its true that modders can add anything to the game the devs can , in most cases modders solutions are not as elegant and polished as bi 's solutions . 
  i respect all modders and i love their work , but just compare any weapon modded in with a vanilla weapon . 
  the texture work , modelling and level of detail will be significantly greater with the latter . 
  you obviously do n't need to pre order , but you get more than a map and a vtol , that is confirmed . 
  historically bi has shown that they know what they are doing and they rarely let their customers down in terms of content , both quality and quantity ( though some may argue differently , to each their own , but no one is forced to buy the dlc ) . 
   this was very true during arma 2 . 
  you honestly did n't need any mods to play arma 2 if you did n't want to . 
  there was more than enough vehicles and weapons to create any kind of scenario . 
  imho there are still enough vehicles , sure i would like to see a variety of mbts for each faction and one fast mover per faction is also not ideal , but most people mod the shit out arma 3 anyway , when they are playing in a group . 
  and when you 're not the vehicles provided are mostly enough . 
  you also do n't need to mod arma 3 if you do n't want to . 
  back to back high pop vanilla servers speak for themselves . 
   since release of arma 3 bohemia has gone to downhill . 
  this is an opinion at best but lets look at it . 
   arma3 itself did n't have much content . 
  i have to agree , unfortunately , but content was and is added constantly . 
   their dlc 's are a joke . 
  the money raised with the karts dlc was donated to the red cross . 
  you also do n't need to buy them . 
  they are not an integral part of the game . 
  it astounds me how angry people get over a side project a bi employee worked on , with which they didnt make any profit because the donated the money . 
   pay to win weapons ? 
  if the server you are playing on hides the dlc weapons behind a paywall you should go and report it . 
  while the dlc rifles are pretty good , they do n't outmatch all vanilla weapons by default . 
  i 'd go as far as saying that calling the marksman dlc pay to win is deluded at best . 
   useless transport helicopter ? 
  my group regularly uses the huron because of its great capacity . 
  again , what is useless to you might not be useless to the next guy . 
  and if you do n't want the rifles or the helicopter , you do n't need to buy them . 
  no one forces you and servers which have the dlc content in their missions do n't lock you out . 
  as a matter of fact you can still be a passenger in all dlc helicopters , without paying for them . 
  i find it so incredibly hard to understand why people get so worked up over this . 
  bohemia has the most customer friendly dlc policy in the industry . 
  do n't want it ? 
  do n't buy it . 
  you know what you get with the dlc , its not like they are hiding it from you . 
  and unlike other developers , they still let you play the same missions with your friends who might own the dlc . 
   no , it does n't . 
  they used to have . 
  they used to have lite versions of their expansions and dlc to ensure every player is equal . 
  you were able to play mission with expansion assets even if you did n't own them . 
  you were able to drive , pilot , be gunner . 
  one could use all those assets in exactly same way as those who owned them . 
  and that nails the problem down . 
  everyone used the dlc , but no one bought it . 
  why would you ? 
  just for fancier textures ? 
  the vehicles still worked and they were useable . 
  bohemia does a lot of interfacing with the userbase but that does n't mean they are not a company . 
  they do n't survive off our love , they need our money . 
  the dlc strat they used in arma 2 obviously showed them that this is not the way to go anymore . 
  if more people would have bought the dlc for the fancier textures maybe things would play out differently now , but they have n't so they do n't . 
  do n't compare bi to themselves from 5 years ago , compare them to other developers / publishers in the industry . 
   it does n't help that their marksman dlc introduces weapons that are far superior to any vanilla weapon . 
  i own the dlc but whenever i play on a public pvp server i am doing perfectly fine with the mx . 
  every weapon comes with ups and downs and i dont see any weapon being far superior to the other . 
  and even if at the end of the day all rifles lose against a tank . 
   do n't want it , do n't buy it is not true anymore . 
  it used to be during arma 2 . 
  arma 3 introduced very different kind of dlc policy . 
  yes , but one that is still more customer friendly than anything else we 've seen . 
  the fact that you can still ride as a passenger in one of the dlc helos is pure appreciation from bohemia . 
  they do n't have to do that . 
  other games completly lock you out from servers if you do n't own dlc . 
  i do n't want to fuel your fear even more but the guy in this gif supposedly died a few hours later in hospital . 
  name 's igor golushkin , there are a few articles floating around when you google it . 
  from my understanding it works like this : in an fx cpu a module consists of two cpu cores that share certain registers . 
  the idea behind it is that you turn off every other core ( so you leave 1,3 and 5 enabled for example ) so they stop working as modules and start working as true cores , which means they have the full range of registers , instruction decoders etc etc which should give them a theoretical performance boost . 
  with that being said i have yet to see benchmarks being done with this . 
  the problem with performance boost tricks like these is that rarely people provide actual benchmark numbers . 
  a couple of days ago someone claimed on this sub that they got a 105 % performance increase by unparking their cores , when in reality it was more in the range of 5-10 % . 
   austr ~ ~ al ~ ~ ians with aug 's, 
  this one . 
  more get discussed every other day, 
  thumbnail magic hard at work, 
  both army 's use the aug , being austrian myself i had to adjust your comment . 
  ask and you shall receive, 
  no really this myth needs to die, 
  of course , a mission that has more objects will run slower than a mission that has less objects .
