  i think you will be happier . 
  while you can buy arma 3 from other sources than steam or the bohemia store it is not advised to do so :, 
  and, 
  please tell me there is an austrian military mod , with more units and vehicles . 
  cool list but if you 're a c++ beginner have my advice on the best ide : none . 
  download notepad + + , get a c++ compiler ( most os are shipped with the gnu c++ compiler ; check by typing gcc into your terminal / console ) and code away . 
  in the beginning you wo n't do many things outside the standard library anyway and learning on how to use an ide can be quite time consuming . 
  i do n't know the exact reason , only that the ministry of defense dropped the prior camouflage in favor of a solid olive green . 
  as far as i know though there are still some special forces that use the old camouflage, 
  sounds like a cool idea , see what the community thinks though i believe the mods of this subreddit should have the final word . 
  it 's more or less `` their '' subreddit , as such it only makes sense if they want a teamspeak for their subreddit . 
  imho the uavs in arma work great . 
  the darter is a great piece of technology that allows you to quickly peak over a hill , the stomper can provide extra firepower without endangering your own units and the last uavs ( forgot it 's name ) is amazing in terms of reconnaissance over great parts of altis . 
  i remember there was an issue with the turret where it would be jittery but i think they work great ingame . 
  possibly , i 've never used a uav for cas , i only use them for recon . 
  it 's not the developers reslonsibilty to make sure that the mods are working . 
  though bi will likely give notice in advance if major chances happen, 
  when zeus came out people said mcc will die , and when tfar came out people said acre wo n't stand a chance . 
  bohemia is trying to implement the concepts provided by the community to make a better game . 
  it sucks for ljh that his application was rejected ( for whatever reason ) , but imho as arma community we can nothing but benefit from this kind of competition . 
  altis life is not very liked around here . 
  in terms of content it varies from server to server . 
  have n't played life on a2 so i ca n't tell you the differences, 
  in a2 you will find less servers to play on . 
  it mostly boils down to wasteland and a few dayz servers . 
  if you get arma 3 there will be a larger variety of gamemodes to play for you . 
  i 've read somewhere that the reason arma 3 performs so badly with amd cpus is because they barely utilize the bulldozer architecture that 's more less amds flagship technology . 
  not sure how accurate that is though . 
  you should what you are requesting there is not available in the engine and it would be very intensive , server intensive . 
  i would n't get my hopes up too high, 
  here is a small example : imagine you have a program to create notes . 
  in main you call your menu ( ) ; which brings up the menu of the program with a selection of creating a new note , deleting an old one or changing a note . 
  let 's say you want to add one , so inside menu ( ) ; you call addnote ( ) ; at the end the method when everything you want to do is finished you call menu ( ) ; again to get back . 
  this fills the stack with lots of addresses you do n't actually need anymore . 
  obviously this is a rather boiled down example but in programs that run autonomously without user input and call hundreds of methods within each other without ever calling the return ; function you fill the stack up to point where you have an overflow and your program terminates . 
  i 've got a serious question . 
  / u/dslyecxi talked in his last video about how he wanted to take a picture with lots of weapons from a mod in it , and it dipped the framerate . 
  in vanilla taking his picture was fine though . 
  i can only assume the source of this problem but given what i know about video games ( and i am by no means a technical expert nor a software engineer ) i think the issue lies in a too high polygon count of the models . 
  say if a weapon from a mod has twice the amounts of polygons than a vanilla weapon , the game engine is busy rendering twice as much , right ? 
  now following this logic and watching this video the natural question arises in my mind : is it beneficial to have such a high fidelity model of an item that is barely in the foreground anyway ? 
  will the framerate take a hit when there 's mots of models display ? 
  i 've been in a group where ( unfortunately ) people would n't put the radios back into the crate when they picked up the wrong one , but simply drop it on the ground . 
  would this be not an issue with such high quality models ? 
  again this is a serious question , i do n't want to kick off any discussions or drama , i am simply interested in the benefit of such a detailed model and if there 's a downside to it . 
  wait . 
  floating point calculations are done in the cpu as well ? 
  i thought the was solely left to the gpu , since it 's too complex or am i mixing something up here ? 
  thank you for the explanation !, 
  congratulations on hitting stable ( almost ) i 'm excited to see where you 're going with it . 
  the first one was too distant and small to be an aircraft so i assume the latter . 
  and thanks a lot on the second one !, 
  i am genuinely excited that i spotted this . 
  i did see that !, 
  it was very hard to focus in but i did see two lines going more or less `` parallel '' to the ground of my balcony . 
  though since it was very very faint i dismissed it as anomaly from either my eyes being tired or just turbulences in the atmosphere . 
  that 's a cool story . 
  i can only imagine the probably uncomfortable feeling when you are sitting in a flying tin can and you think that an aa missile is coming your way, 
  i 'd go as far as saying there are none . 
  as much as there no benefits from switching from acre2 to tfar . 
  the devs behind acre2 have been repeatedly saying that both mods have a different target audience and a different scope . 
  tfar is a very easy to use mod . 
  of course it has it 's depth but one could explain to you how to work it all out in less than 10 minutes . 
  acre2 however prides itself with being `` the dcs of radio mods '' . 
  thus they advertise with a more precise simulation of the radios they have . 
  which of the two you prefer , but i 'd personally rather not see a tfar vs acre2 thread , since we already had thousands of those . 
  interesting course of action . 
  whats with the trash talk ? 
  on 5 threads you 're saying do n't compare acre and tfar and on the 6th you are bashing tfar like a little child ? 
  that 's rather low . 
  i take it you never bothered to contact nkey about this ? 
  op , first off you are not entitled to his work . 
  as a matter of fact if he disagrees with a decision that bohemia made than it is his right to stop modding and writing scripts . 
  secondly , and this bugs me even more . 
  you claim he shat all over the internet , yet you are the one crossposting and blowing this all out of proportion . 
  if you 're upset , go write your own version of altis life , end of . 
  arent bisim and bohemia interactive two rather independent studios ? 
  just because bisim does something does n't mean we need to hate bi for it , or do we ? 
  thank you for this post . 
  i think most people are overreacting . 
  those who have been shamelessly selling ingame items such as weapons or vehicles will now be stopped in their tracks , those who asked for donations in exchange for nothing will continue to do so and those who never asked for donations will also not leave their path of server hosting . 
  obviously some people will try to get around the system , but they can be reported and shot down . 
  the system seems fair to me , and while i see where they are coming from with the `` we need ti pay for servers '' argument , i 'd much prefer servers that do n't sell cosmetic items . 
  but as i said it seems like a fair system for both hosts and players . 
  we see where they are going with it , if things do n't work out as intended they will shut down this system anyway and probably come up with something more drastic . 
   but it is pay to play, 
  not once have i been on a server where it was required to buy yourself a ticket in . 
  i do know they exist but as far as i know they are far behind with their popularity then normal servers . 
  apparently the message did n't reach you by now so i 'll type it out to you again . 
  it was stated on multiple threads here and on the bohemia forums that ** acre2 and tfar are not to be compared ** . 
  they serve different audiences with different needs . 
  do you want a real world like simulation with fully functional radios detailed as closely as possible ? 
  do you want an easy to use radio mod , that provides multiple radios for different factions but at the end of the day all radios are the same ? 
  both acre and tfar have their advantages and disadvantages . 
  saying that either of them is better than the other is simply put pretty thick . 
  the game is known for running worse on lower settings than medium . 
  try that . 
  none of these are valid ban reasons for battleeye, 
  poor explanation and shameless advertising of your unit . 
  shame on you .
