  the system they used for releasing the game was / is not industry standard , but very well suited to the community around the game . 
   also it does not matter if they still have weekly updates , what does matter is its far past 1.0 and its being sold for full price while still missing almost everything they promised ( or at least was expected ), 
  everything they promised ? 
  they delivered almost everything they promised , and what they didnt deliver is coming with future updates . 
  comments are not for you to read the moment after you wrote the code . 
  comments serve 2 purposes . 
  1 ) make it clear for someone else what you were doing at the time . 
  consider that especially in the software engineering industry you will barely work alone . 
  you will work in teams , and especially when working on a big project , where you might write your own libraries , comments save others time when going through your code . 
  2 ) make it clear to you when you come back . 
  say you are writing a rather large program . 
  as such you have thousands of lines of code , split up in different files , maybe even different folders . 
  now you 've finished your program and you roll out the final results . 
  after a few weeks a user notices as a bug , now it 's your task to fix that bug . 
  going through thousands of lines , without having a mere idea anymore what these lines do will not really ease your task . 
  remember : commenting is good practice , and should always be done , no matter how large the program . 
  at the end of the day there is no real disadvantage to it . 
   how long would it take for an absolute beginner to code an app, 
  since java is more or less my home turf ( in regards to coding apps ) i 'll start with this one . 
  it is not recommended to tackle such an ambitious task right away , as you will probably lose interest . 
  java is , although an easy to learn , a complex language . 
  so first off you 'd need to learn the syntax which is basically `` how to speak '' java . 
  if/else statements , while statements and that 's just the bare basics . 
  once you 've got that down you can look into oop , which is more or less the core of the language . 
  how to work with classes , methods etc etc. 
  and here we still use command line and have n't even started looking at working with a gui or an app . 
  all in all it 's hard to say how long it will take . 
  are you a student who can take courses . 
  are you an adult with lots of free time ? 
  do you work a 40hr/week job and have barely any free time ? 
  i 'd give a rough estimation of half a year dedicated to learning java until you start developing decent apps , but take this statement with a grain of salt , as i do n't know how fast you are with picking things up . 
  `` hacking '' . 
  he 's just running a script , do n't give him any recognition . 
  coming soon ^ tm, 
  it 's an overclocked fx8350 , it is true that the game runs better on intel cpus but amd does the job just as fine on ultra . 
  i have never encountered this . 
  i suggest putting it on the feedback tracker for further investigation . 
  hit escape -  field manual and everything is explained in there, 
   if by busy you mean they are trying to add the possibility to rest your weapon against surface , wind simulation for the bullet , and things like that , i have bad news for you , it 's already possible in mod ,, 
  a mod , as good as it can be , will never be comparable to features that are directly built into the source code , mostly for performance reasons . 
  we are not talking about a simple thing here , to me it sounds like they need to rewrite some code in the actual engine , which is n't as easy as it sounds like . 
  in theory , but due to the fact that modders do n't affect the source code , they will always decrease the performance ever so slightly , especially when its functions that are not built into the game . 
  edit : also the reason why tons of mods or heavy scripts in missions slow the performance down . 
  the more vanilla , the fast the game will be, 
  i do n't need to , they are probably very well aware . 
  now keep in mind that a mod that adds content such as armor , swords , thanks , guns , will obviously only increase loading time of the game ( because it has more content to load obviously ) . 
  however mods that add * features * such as wind deflection , radio simulation , physics based stuff will put more payload on the performance . 
  the developer can help out by already providing the calculation algorithms for these features in it 's api , but this is about it . 
  and if the modder has to write his own algorithms it will load more stuff onto the cpu thus decreasing performance . 
  it 's pretty simple it stuff once you think about it . 
  then it 's a patch , not a mod and it does not add any features . 
  read carefully through my post again . 
  could you upload your mission / version of the script somewhere ? 
  i 'm not gon na lie , no mods , mainly infantry based and 30 minutes per session sounds like a too casual experience for me . 
  thats the kind of gaming i could have with my fellow arma mates , i 'm looking for a group that can provide a more in depth experience , but thank you . 
  thank you for the quick introduction of your unit . 
  however in this comment as well i want to be as honest as possible . 
  if you have 20 active members it sounds like you have less than 20 members per operation . 
  this is not the 40-70 people i am used to have in operations , nor is it my goal to join a small-ish unit . 
  i thank you for your advice but i do n't appreciate the slandering of other groups . 
  even more so when it 's based on no evidence that the group is actually not a good place . 
  if your leadership at 3cb teaches you to talk about other arma groups like this on a public setting like reddit , i do n't think that your group has the right mind setting . 
  it sounds like there is no signing up to your group , so ill stop by if time allows it , thank you !, 
  thank you for the response . 
  your unit sounds great , unfortunately the mission times as well as the distance is a wee bit off putting . 
  but ill stop by on your forums to get a closer look , maybe it 'll fit . 
  do you have a website ? 
  what about videos about/from units ? 
  more or less recruitment videos ? 
  a few weeks ago i posted a recruitment video of my former group . 
  it was less of a footage video and more like a cinematic one . 
  it received a couple downvotes so i assumed that such videos are not appreciated here . 
   it does n't implement it off an actual radio propagation loss model . 
  it just kinda wings it . 
  does it really matter ? 
  the signal loss in tfar is sufficient for immersion , will be more likely fleshed out further in the future and i can assure you the majority of arma players wo n't notice the difference . 
  i like how you say tfar and acre serve different audiences with different scopes but still you do n't miss a chance giving tfar shit . 
   the level of simulation is drastically different and as a result , we have less players . 
  thinking that the depth of the mod is the reason why acre has less users than tfar is imho a bit deluded . 
  acre2 came way after tfar , delivers less frequent updates and offers lesser transparency in the development cycles . 
  i 'm afraid ace will suffer the same issues against its competitor agm . 
  but we will see what the future brings . 
   i 'm curious to know how you do in your squads . 
  is there a guideline ? 
  rules ? 
  equipment restrictions ? 
  how members chooses teams ? 
  in regards to teams , as / u/always _ sfw said its all about numbers , the more the merrier . 
  with that being said it 's highly dependent on what you want to do . 
  infantry vs infantry requires more people than lets say infantry , tanks and helos vs infantry tanks and helos , as a tank platoon generally requires less numbers as an infantry platoon . 
  which immediately brings me to my next point : when playing a tvt and handing out the equipment one must consider what is fair and what creates more immersion . 
  if both sides have exactly the same amount of infantry squads , armored vehicles and helicopters it 's a rather evened out experience . 
  however ( and i am not sure if many people share my opinion ) things get spiced up when team a plays a rather advanced military unit with modern vehicles and team b plays as a guerrilla unit that uses rpgs and explosives , but has no armored vehicles themselves . 
  ** imho ** asymmetrical tvts make for a much better experience , as the team that is in the disadvantage with their equipment usually comes up with some crafty ideas on how to lure the enemy into their traps . 
  as far as it goes for rules , that is mostly dependent on how your group is organized . 
  role play can make for a much deeper arma experience , but its definitely not everyone 's cup of tea . 
  some units prefer limitations in their tvts . 
  i remember when my former group ran a tvt back in arma 2 and the assaulting force was dug into the forest on the nearside of a town . 
  we had a pretty solid position , airframes were not able to approach us due to our tough manpad aas and from command we already heard that the enemy tanks were mostly destroyed or busy not getting destroyed . 
  just as we laid out the approach to the town the grenade spam started .
