  how much you need to eat is dependent on your goal . 
  are you skinny and feel weak ? 
  eat above your tdee . 
  are you happy with your lifts but disappointed with your looks ? 
  eat below . 
  ca n't be bothered with a bluking-cutting cycle and want to remain the same weight ? 
  eat at your tdee . 
  for anything deeper going i need you to read the / r/fitnesss wiki , if you 've done that front to back come back with any specific questions you have, 
  what you are saying does n't make a lot of sense . 
  your memory ca n't be corrupted by a simple program like this to the point where you need to reinstall the operating system and even if that would be the case , your ram ca n't hurt your system after a reinstall . 
  ram is volatile memory , which means after current stops flowing through your system it 's losing all its contents , which means your program would be flushed out of memory latest when you restart . 
  you will get stronger but you will also put on fat . 
  so if you 're currently rocking sick abs or are proud of your lean body . 
  you will lose that if you 're bulking . 
  that 's why people switch between bulking and cutting every few months . 
  for me its usually winter that is bulking season , spring cutting and summer maintenance , but that 's preference, 
  in a sense , yes . 
  but it will take longer than hopping between bulking and cutting . 
  it 's also not all about calories , macros play a huge role . 
  have you read the wiki yet ? 
  it says it all in there and put more eloquently than i could ever do it, 
  read all of it . 
  lifting rests on three pillars : diet , lifting itself and knowledge . 
  if you do n't know what to eat and how to lift you are wasting your time and money at the gym . 
  it 's not as easy as going to the gym a couple times a week , lifting a barbell a handful of times and walking out like a greek god . 
  this is my last response to you : read the / r/fitness wiki as well as faq and read all of it, 
  yes just do this program everyday at least three times . 
  it sounds time consuming but this is what it takes . 
  after 5 short weeks you will look like the guy in the picture but you got to be careful . 
  too much lifting and you will accidentally put on so much mass that you become a black hole, 
  do you have a garage where you can build it ? 
  tools ? 
  any previous experience in assembling anything as big ? 
  that tail though , sick looking bike . 
  i wish we could get those here . 
  sadly european law dictates that plates must extend over the rear wheel . 
  the stock rear fender on my cbr500r is long enough but it lacks the sexiness . 
  if it was up to me i 'd slap my plate right below my tail, 
  good luck with your a1 . 
  got my a2 recently , while the road there was a pain it was definitely worth it . 
  after a1 it 's an easy ride up to a , have fun and be safe, 
  i do n't know , i do n't have the balls to ride around without a plate . 
  but the punishment would be fairly high, 
  yes , cameras are forbidden here and the law requires you to register your camera . 
  you can try to register it but the only is instance where someone tried it was denied . 
  now i hear the situation is different for helmet cams because the aforementioned is only meant for dash cams , but i 'd be careful, 
  having a medical kit with you, 
  hi there !, 
  you are violating the rules of this sub . 
   unit recruitment , server advertisement , and self-promotion posts/comments are not allowed here and will be removed . 
  please read the sidebar before you post to any subreddit, 
  if possible i attach the helmet to the cable intended for this use under the rear set , for good measure i also try to put the d-ring under the seat when putting it back on . 
  that way the helmet is very close to the bike and ca n't be taken off or messed around with . 
  sadly that takes a little bit of fiddling around , so when i 'm in a hurry i just take it with me, 
  its a little outdated . 
  targeting pods are not on there or the helicopter camera for heavy lifting . 
  while surely useful i find arma 's control scheme hardly tough to remember , its not like this is the a10c from dcs . 
  ask yourself this : is a sidescroller with good content worse than a top down game with bad content and vice versa ? 
  after all it does n't matter if the game is 2d , 3d , top down , side scrolling , third or first person . 
   cross ip or something stupid ? 
  first off , if anything `` hacking '' in a game to ruin someone else 's experience is stupid . 
  to your question : no battleeye is not cross ip , feel free to buy a new copy but at least use steam so bohemia does n't lose out, 
  voice chat is n't as critical . 
  a csgo team ca n't function properly without talking to each other about intel , but since ow is not as much of a twitch shooter constant communication is n't necessarily required to win , but it 's nice to have . 
  i will have to agree with everyone else here though . 
  overwatch competitive is an absolute nightmare . 
  in 4 out of 5 games you get people picking random heroes that do n't fit the plan the rest of the team has or you get people simply griefing / not playing the game because they do n't get it their way . 
  if you want to enjoy overwatch competitive find yourself a group of 5 people you know . 
  do it , i made a demo account with a broker and played around with the 250k or so they gave me . 
  if you have no idea how stocks work this is a good way of testing out what it feels like . 
  it literally costs nothing other than your time and it 's super fun, 
  it can always go one way or the other . 
  you could have also lost 20k and made a deficit on top of that, 
  a german one , since i am from austria . 
  the us is trying to put a 100 % traffic on euro bikes 500cc and below , they are not banning them . 
  i 'm also not sure what you are asking . 
  what does the 500cc and below in the us have to do with the bureaucratic hell that the a system in europe is ? 
  its not like `` people say '' that the engine should be broken in . 
  the owners manual of my cbr states that the engine should n't be ridden at too high revs or the same rev for too long within the first 500km . 
  curious me i dug around a little and while the engines are broken in by the manufacturer there are some things that you should n't at least dismiss when buying a new bike . 
  it ca n't hurt to go slow within the first weeks of having it , especially since it 's a new bike and you do n't know the ins and outs of it, 
  i was told the reason is a little bit historic but may be true today . 
  the pistons may rub slightly against the cylinders , hence why after the first 500km you should do your first oil change , since there could be metal shards in your oil . 
  revving too hard rubs the piston too rough at the cylinder and does n't allow a smooth transition . 
  like i said its a little historical and may be out of date today, 
  thanks for the info . 
  i 've been driving a car for 6 years or so and never bothered to look under the hood for more than changing light bulbs . 
  getting into biking i have increased interest in understanding how engines work . 
  the piano man is a meme . 
  making a meme out of him would mean you create a sub-meme . 
  which is not worthy of mr piranha, 
  the thing you are trying to is called separate chaining , but you 're doing a slight variation of it , since you 're not hashing the values you 're entering into your data structure . 
  if you google around a bit you should find implementations that can help you . 
  generally though , i would n't advise the use of raw pointers , if not already you will be leaking memory when you are removing elements . 
  from the posting guidelines, 
   never post a screenshot of your code !, 
  use one of the tools below instead . 
  to answer your question : you use the compare operator = = instead of the assignment operator =, 
  nothing says sweet revenge more than a severe concussion , followed by permanent brain damage and a ruined life . 
  what a great father !,
