  i do n't know what the next chip is called so i just gave it the name of the next hbm version . 
  i believe though it 's called arctic island or was that something else ? 
  980ti was also a bitch to get after launch , for some it 's still a pain in the ass . 
  if you want to support amd then get a hold of one and wait it out . 
  if you are in dire need for an upgrade and you ca n't wait go for a 980ti, 
  you can costumize your flair so the text field says what your setup is . 
  technically you can do either . 
  i7 4790k might be overkill and useless unless you want to overclock it . 
  additionally ( unless you find it on sale somehwere ) the msi r9 390 seems to outperform the gtx 970 while being in the same price bracket and with it 's 8 gigabyte gddr5 vram it 's more futureproof for upcoming titles . 
  as it 's been already stated you should also check in at / r/buildapc the guys and gals over there have a solid understanding of what they are doing . 
  i meant a deal on the 970 , since they both live in a similar price range . 
  also looks like someone downvoted me . 
  of course it 's easy to say gpu a is better than gpu b but have a look at this comparison of the two : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9ckzijw6pk, 
  keep in mind though that games will get more demanding , 1440p or not . 
  and one card will always be a better choice than two cards , simply because the vrams just do n't stack in sli / crossfire . 
  it 's obviously your choice but i 'd still think about it . 
  is there any reasons for you not to get a r9 390 ? 
  edit : if it 's an amd and nvidia thing then you should keep in in mind that pcmr is about choosing the best for your money and not being ignorant about the logo on the product . 
  edit2 : a quick search on / r/buildapc revealed literally every thread in which a 970 is compared to the 390 , the latter is suggested . 
  that 's advertisement at best and no guarantee . 
  just saying the msi 390 has a huge oc headroom . 
  watch the video i linked . 
  none , you do n't need them . 
  you are heavily misinformed . 
  startup parameters and changes in the launcher will just override the autodetection , which already works perfectly . 
  and i do n't know what you mean by `` low level optimization '' . 
  amd ( fx series , mind you ) have a lower ipc than newer intel cpus . 
  supposedly this will be fixed with zen but that 's a long way down the road . 
  you can make a bootable usb with pretty much any linux image on it , i prefer this over using a cd but that 's up to you . 
  i 'm using ubuntu 15.05 in dual boot with windows and it 's a real pleasure to work with . 
  i 'm doing most of my uni related work on it and it 's absolutely fantastic . 
  it has its hiccups every now and then but nothing that ca n't be resolved with the command line or reboot . 
  well that 's because amd did n't release any new cpus in the past , what , 3 years ? 
  we 'll have to wait for their new zen lineup to see if they can compete with intel again , supposedly their are raising their ipc and are not focusing on the multi core thing anymore . 
  is windows fully up to date ? 
  did you get arma 3 through steam ? 
  what are your system specs ? 
  i use a noctua uh9 it can be rotated and keeps the cpu pretty cool . 
  i wo n't be home until friday , i can tell you then if that 's not too late, 
  sure thing brother , i 'll try my best !, 
  yes, 
  jayztwocents is also pretty unbiased . 
  watch his 390 vs 970 video, 
  check him out on youtube , he does tutorials , reviews , comparisons and news , pretty awesome guy imho . 
  i 've seen it and as far as i remember he gave the card a relatively good review , did n't he ? 
  it 's been a few days since i watched it, 
  amd 's fx series have a lower instruction per cycle count than intel cpus . 
  which means that at similar clock rates intel can do more stuff, 
  probably because language standards in viennese schools are fluctuating from facility to facility . 
  i 've had the pleasure to learn english with a native speaker in my free time but our teacher barely got anything across , we mostly talked about movies in simple english and never engaged in more complex conversations where anything above `` normal '' vocabulary is required . 
  as such most of my class mates actually never really learnt to talk proper english . 
  most of them did their finals in italian or french out of frustration with their english teacher . 
  those who did do their finals on english were only required to learn a few sentences by heart and got by mostly by stumbling over their own grammar . 
  not getting past 50 fps is barely unplayable . 
  drops below 25 fps is unplayable but since most of arma 3 is living in the 30-50 fps range i think it 's very much playable , just not as fluid looking as aaa titles . 
  fx 8350 @ 4ghz , r9 390 and 16 gigabyte 1866 ram . 
  it does n't run smoothly but it hits the 40 fps area when i do n't go bonkers with my settings , so i 'm okay with it . 
  no driver can fix hardware limitations . 
  it 's not poorly coded , it just relies on cpu power , and since fx series has a low ipc count they perform worse, 
  swap zen out for skylake and the argument works just as fine . 
  mp performance is not a good metric . 
  `` xx fps in mp '' could literally mean anything . 
  it could mean that you get this fps in a crowded life server , it could also mean that you are getting this fps in an empty server running a stock mission . 
  unless you specify where you get the fps in multiplayer , do n't bother mentioning it . 
  zen is said to be released in the first two quarters of 2016 , with a rumored drastic ipc increase over fx series . 
  if op wants to stick with amd cpus then the best bet is to wait for zen , since the current lineup is aged . 
  is this just kilobolts tutorial in video form ? 
  yes i would , because it has no outside factors such as `` is the mission optimized '' , player count or server hardware . 
  have you checked the links in th sidebar ? 
  mine went up close to 80 degrees under load , but with an adjusted fan curve in afterburner it barely hits 70 anymore . 
  apparently most games run better in windows 10 even without dx12 , however future games will run better when used with that api . 
  not at all [ here you go ] ( http://i.gyazo.com/2fff348d85536ef5f7f4a10cbd8b929b.png ), 
  iirc it 's more aggressive than the `` vanilla '' curve , since it cranks the fan to 50 % above 30 degrees , so i use it only when i play games where the card tends to get really hot ( witcher 3 , far cry 4 , etc ) . 
  loud is a relative term . 
  i hear some people complain about the noise of the card but i usually play with headphones on and if i do n't i turn up my speakers . 
  i ca n't really say if it 's `` loud '' . 
  it 's audible , but that does n't faze me . 
  arma 2 pulled it off because most buildings were not enterable . 
  also you can buy 4 graphics cards and run them in sli / crossfire , arma 3 does n't suffer it 's bad performance from it 's graphics but from it 's simulation thread . 
  in my experience both / r/nvidia and / r/advancedmicrodevices are in general friendly towards each other and consumer oriented rather than brand . 
  surely there are exceptions but you 'll always find those , typical vocal minority . 
  how the companies conduct towards each other should not bother the userbase , i personally do n't pick my friends based on the gear they have in their rigs . 
   i know they do n't . 
  it 's just a shame to see all this fighting when we could all enjoy the really nice hardware from both parties . 
  does n't sound joking to me . 
  you ca n't change titles though, 
  is n't this really old news ? 
  has huddy said that in a recent interview ? 
  i know he talked about this in two rather old interviews , i do n't find this source trustworthy . 
  i used windows 7 and ubuntu 15.05 in dual boot however i had to abandon the latter because of atrocious issues related to the gpu driver . 
  while nvidia drivers only gave me a few errors i could click away , amd drivers crashed to the point where only a restart would save me . 
  hopefully this will be fixed soon , i really liked ubuntu as workstation . 
   oc it as high as it can go while maintaining stability and safe temperatures . 
  / thread, 
  ironically since 15.7.1 far cry 4 repeatedly crashes on win10, 
  unfortunate , got mine like two weeks ago , i am looking forward to more mature drivers . 
  the crashes are pretty bad and my system can barely recover from them without a restart, 
  bohemia recommends not to buy the key from anywhere else than steam or their own store . 
  afaik it does n't split sales with other companies , bi does n't get any revenue from them . 
  you also void your right to get tech support from them if you buy the key anywhere else .
