  schau in die c++ ressourcen list auf stack overflow . 
  dazu googlest du `` stackoverflow definitive book list c++ '' . 
  they can release patches to improve performance tenfold , but it wo n't make up for the shallow gameplay and countless of lies they have told their fans, 
  [ why ` using namespace std ; ' is considered bad practice ] ( http://stackoverflow.com/a/1452738 ) . 
  please do n't give advice when you do n't know what you are doing, 
  yes , because if you do it a lot in a ton of small projects it will become a habit . 
  no one said its bad advice , just bad practice . 
  but it 's also bad advice because of the aforementioned, 
  do you really think someone who posts their c++ hex to dec converter on / r/learnprogramming is a competent programmer with years of experience under their belt , or are they rather a newcomer and bad advice may hurt their programming journey ? 
  i apologize if i came across hostile , not what i intended but there is a lot of really bad c++ teachers and advice out there and as someone who has learned from a bad resource now suffers from the consequences it really irks me when i see this stuff . 
  that 's all nice but none of these pictures show any detail , so in the context of this thread even the second album is useless, 
  ftfy, 
  i 'm taking my test for a license in about 3 or so weeks , my instructor told me if you leave your motorcycle in gear at a red light and do n't put it into neutral you will fail the test , no matter what and no reasoning behind that . 
  just goes to show how detached ( local ) law is from practicality, 
  birdstrike - motorcycle edition, 
  never thought of that . 
  as you can tell i 'm pretty new to bikes . 
  if i release the clutch without letting it slide wo n't the bike just stall , like a car does ? 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  we 're told to go into neutral and hands from clutch and brake unless you are facing up or down hill . 
  additionally no more than one foot down at a red light or stop sign, 
  yeah it does sound like a habit i will drop the day i pass my test, 
  maybe i 'm just bad at the game but there was a scenario in arma 2 oa called `` tank busters '' or so in which you are part of a baf team tasked with destroying a convoy . 
  the convoy consisted of multiple soft targets and at least two hard targets . 
  you were teamleader carrying a javelin , some other dudes in your team had similar equipment . 
  i could n't get my teammates to put priority on the hard targets and as soon as bullets would start to rain the mission was basically over . 
  to this day i have n't finished it, 
  it 's nicely cut in the beginning , good feel to it , but the explosion ruined it in multiple ways . 
  the sound of the explosion sounded very distorted and was way lower in quality than the rest of the video . 
  it was also a pretty awkward cut to the explosion , the transition was n't very smooth and the viewing angle was n't pleasant either . 
  nice try but fell short in the end , keep practicing though i liked where this was going in the beginning . 
  the campaign or singleplayer scenarios with ace can be fun , but tricky to work with because ace mechanics sometimes break missions . 
  yes . 
  it adds a few things , but quite a few of them are only really usable in multiplayer . 
  honestly if you have the money i 'd suggest you to pick up a3 and either play public servers or join a group . 
  while a2 is n't really dead it 's also not exactly popular either, 
  play the campaign and scenarios without mods . 
  plenty fun with hours of entertainment, 
  edit and since you have 3 campaigns or so ( arma 2 , baf , pmc ) you should n't run out of content anytime soon, 
  i 'm pretty sure baf and pmc come with oa at least in the light edition . 
  but if they do n't it 's not worth it i agree . 
  still check out the campaign , pretty fun stuff if you like a challenge, 
  so you recently stated learning sql but now you are providing tutorials ? 
  how much expertise do you have in the field ? 
   you ca n't master c++ . 
  anyone claiming to have done so is deluded . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  there are quite a few people on so who seem very ** very ** knowledgeable . 
   full of things you will never use and will get bored before you look up what they are for . 
  that statement in itself seems wrong . 
  it sounds like you are talking about libraries and apis for c++ rather than the language itself . 
  yes it is basically impossible to know all libraries that are out there for c++ but focusing on the core functions of the language and maybe the standard library does n't seem impossible . 
  / r/findaunit is where you want to post, 
  i 'm taking my test in 2-3 weeks as well . 
  do you always have to spiegel-schulterblick before you blinker ? 
  bug present since arma 2 , now it makes the game unplayable . 
  makes sense , right ? 
  i wonder how people get their hands on this ? 
  surely the architectural layout of an upcoming cpu from any company must be top secret ? 
  no , it 's cup now, 
  and i 'm in charlie company first platoon , so i know :p, 
  yes and no . 
  the quote goes `` premature optimization is the root of all evil '' [ but there is more to it ] ( http://programmers.stackexchange.com/a/80092 ), 
  i 've heard this a lot , but i do n't think it 's true from what i remember . 
  can you maybe upload a video of you shooting ai in the chest from close distance with 5.56 and prove that what you are saying is true ? 
  in my experience it 's more like 3 or 4 shots in arma 3 as well , dependent on the chest plate, 
  but that was over a significant range , easily 300 meters were the billet already dropped and lost a lot of its velocity . 
  i said close range, 
  i do n't use drones , because they are too much of a hassle . 
  the darter takes away my backpack , the greyhawk needs a runway to take off and land and the stomper is compared to the other two relatively slow . 
  i mostly run with an infantry squad in a closed off environment so tactics are discussed and communication happens . 
  having eyes above an objective can be super helpful before moving in . 
  in my eyes the real deal is the hunt ir grenade + monitor from ace . 
  it takes all the good things a uav has without having too many downsides . 
  so the reason why i do n't use uavs is n't because they are buggy or i do n't need them . 
  i do n't use them because they are impractical for the roles i usually fill in an arma 3 session . 
  with that being said our unit does deploy uavs for recon and covering fire , so they are being used in our environment . 
  what are you trying to accomplish ? 
  i see two issues , not only could you possibly write to the array past its boundaries , you 're also just printing the first element . 
  so i 'm not entirely sure what you mean by `` loop keeps breaking '' . 
  what is the error you are getting ? 
  is it a compiler error ? 
  it 's a nice approach but we 're usually doing airborne infantry stuff , so our ao is several kilometers away from our spawn point . 
  i do n't think the darter offers the range for that . 
  hunt irs do !, 
  and they do n't need to be recharged, 
  yeah it seems like you do n't know what your code does . 
  your loop is entirely unnecessary since you just access the first element of your array . 
  it 's also bound to crash . 
  run the program and put in `` 9 '' . 
  see what happens . 
  read up on arrays and loops again, 
  the mit course `` algorithms and datastructures '' is available for free online and held in java . 
  a little bit of research on this sub would have given you the same information, 
  edit : and what 's with the double post https://www.reddit.com/r/learnprogramming/comments/50571z/help_java_data_structures_course/, 
  please break the rules more obviously, 
  he looks exactly like the kind of guy to ride such a bike . 
  love it !, 
  do n't be too sad . 
  i left at 18:15 or 18:30 , saw the hind circling in the air as i was leaving but the traffic jam was unreal .
