   why is it backwards ? 
  there is no need for wars . 
  the money spent on military could be used for so much else . 
  i do n't understand why you are so anti life . 
  live and let live . 
  you are not defending me . 
  my country does n't even have a real military of any worth anymore , yet we 're still not invaded and living a pretty good life here . 
  there are no ` terrorist ' attacks here . 
  why do you or your friends think your or their life is worth more than the life of the people you may or may not kill ? 
  you 're not better than them . 
  you are a person . 
  they are a person . 
  you 've just listed a bunch of stuff you say you do , but you have n't answered any of the posts . 
  later on you mention that police protects anything inside the border and military outside the border , but i ca n't remember the paper in which the un decided the us is going to be the world police . 
   what if we used the global funds spent on the military and just shifted it into the social sector , so people all over the world would n't have to rely on a ) other militaries from other countries to do the job their local force can do and b ) illegally immigrating into other countries or smuggling drugs . 
  something i mentioned twice you still have yet to reply to it . 
   i do n't have time for pretty , i 've got to work you know !, 
  you are right now at work ? 
  should n't you be doing something useful other than reddit ? 
  what you are doing right now is wasting tax dollars by not doing your work . 
   i answered this , many of them are allies of the us and thus are under our umbrella of protection . 
  i will hereby conclude our discussion . 
  this is easily one of the most deluded things you have said in this entire post , keep thinking that . 
  but here 's a bit of advice : do n't spread that opinion if you ever decide to visit europe . 
  while we heavily support the idea of free speech opinions like that get you unpopular very quickly . 
   i had discussions like this with many people over there who only have positive things to say about us military members . 
  let me tell you that you 've met a really small portion of people . 
  most people here actually have a really low opinion of the us armed forces and what they 've `` achieved '' over the past decade . 
  i am studying in two undergraduate fields and in my freetime i am working as a volunteer paramedic , usually around 12-22 hours per week ( that 's about one to two night shifts per week , sometimes more sometimes less , depending on my availability ), 
  i have a funny story with the military myself as conscription is still a thing in my country , but i 'll keep that to myself for some other time . 
  edit : changed `` fertile '' to `` freetime '' because autocorrect, 
  thank you for the link and thank you again for the formatted version for reddit !, 
  typical / r/arma drama . 
  as long as there are no enemy troops sitting on our * borders there is no need to defend ourselves . 
  * `` our '' means in this case my border , which may be different from yours . 
  but my country is currently surrounded by even more peaceful countries , as such i do n't see war as a necessity nor do i see the need to defend myself from anyone . 
  france did n't experience war . 
  it was a terrorist attack , you ca n't seriously expect anyone to compare a terrorist attack with a declaration of war from another nation . 
  what 's with the clickbait title ? 
  no , it does n't mitigate the tragedy of what happened , however there is a huge difference between an event that happened inside the french border , with 3 french muslims carrying out what happened and troops from other nations sitting on the french border waiting to fall in . 
  in the former we have a situation that needs to be resolved by the national police force and the national anti terror units . 
  the latter is a far more complicated issue deeply rooting into political matters . 
  as much as it was a tragedy what happened and as much as you do n't like to hear it , war has not come to the streets of france . 
  it was a terrorist attack , war is something completely different . 
  edit : also note that after the attack france is currently not in a state of war . 
  they continue with their peaceful lives . 
   it 's by me and i 'm not taking credit from anyone . 
  also so it does n't look like i 'm taking credit from someone . 
  ah , well i 've seen this on most of your images and let me tell you , no one here does that . 
  just post your pictures and let them speak on their own . 
  unfortunately there is no such thing as professional modder . 
  it is and probably will be a voluntary job . 
  not gon na lie , this sounds fishy . 
  i 'd much rather have an official bi link than a link to a dropbox . 
  on top of that , if you want to switch to a dev version of arma you can always opt out using the steam options . 
  thanks for the reply , considering how many cd keys were stolen over dodgy links i hope there are no hard feelings over my curiosity, 
  i 've had a friend a while back who downloaded a script from a youtube video description that was supposed to create realistic ai behavior ( mind you that was back in arma 2 , where the ai behaved partially even worse ) . 
  long story short he fired the script up and gone was his cd key . 
  swapped out with a stolen one and battleeye banned him right off the bat . 
  ever since i am more cautious when it comes to links outside armaholic , bistudio forums and arma3.com, 
  can we have an acre thread at least once without mentioning tfr ? 
  itt people not realizing @ in mod folders is just a naming convention , posting their mod strings rather suggestions with solid foundations why their mods are good, 
  this article + people who say arma 3 only has unrealistic futuristic weapons, 
  sounds interesting , though i personally rely on land navigation skills . 
  map reading shall remain one of the most important skills in the game, 
  number of cores does n't really say anything about the power of a cpu , the number of cores only really dictates the level of parallelism . 
  as perfectly correct said by / u/wakelagger instructions per cycle is the real deal in a cpu . 
  for better comparison choose two cpus with different specifications but the same architecture , that will make it easier to answer your question . 
  which was pretty wonky and highly inaccurate, 
  name of the mission ? 
  which campaign ? 
  official or user made ? 
  have you tried restarting the whole mission ? 
  triggers in the a2 campaign were always a bit unreliable , if its the end of a mission you could use the cheat command skip mission to just progress to the next one . 
   during gameplay , hold left shift and - ( number pad minus ) . 
  release the buttons and enter the following code : endmission, 
  it sounds a lot like there is a background program also running and using up memory when you move your mouse . 
  do you have anything else open other than steam / arma ? 
  fair enough , but you know we do have an own subreddit for wasteland , right ? 
  / r/armawasteland is where you will be understood better . 
  i mean yeah , i see where you are coming from and adding atms to wasteland sounds like adding atms to dayz but no one really here gives shit i am afraid . 
  you are talking about an already unwanted game mode here in this subreddit , and even more you talk about a very specific game mechanic that very few of us can relate to . 
  good luck with your wasteland server , if you have a forum for your community , you might want to consider crossposting your rant there . 
  no biggie , but while we are at it : as former server owner myself with a larger community ( not the same game but different principle ) you 'll sometimes need to make the choice between what your community wants and what you prefer for your server . 
  obviously you do n't want that certain game mechanic added , but if your community demands it you may want to follow what they are asking for . 
  at the end of the day they 'll always have a server to play on , and if you 're not complying to what they want , they will find a new one . 
  you can locally host a game though, 
  why are you bothered by it then ? 
  its not like you need to buy the karts . 
  usually universities have a seperate department that takes care about all their servers . 
  your best bet would be to approach them . 
  according to the intel website your cpu has a clockspeed f 2.7 ghz which is just a bit more than the minimum system requirements . 
  your gpu should also be fine . 
  now will you be able to run arma 3 ? 
  yes . 
  will it run terribly well ? 
  i highly doubt so , given the game already suffers a few optimization issues . 
  i highly recommend checking out [ this ] ( http://www.systemrequirementslab.com/cyri ) website , just enter the game , click autodetection and it will tell you if you can run it . 
  why would he ? 
   but now i want to learn the basics of milsim before joining a clan on / r/findaunit .
