  i also found the features of teamspeak much more appealing to skype . 
  skype requires at least 512 mb to run , possibly more to call someone . 
  quite a lot more , considering it has the reputation of being a memory hog . 
  matter of fact is that skype has a lot of background processes such as the whole advertisement banners thing that eat resources like nothing . 
  it 's a well known fact that skype is less than ideal for gaming , especially on low end computers . 
  no one says it 's using that much ram on idle . 
  in this context we talk about skype and arma which means you are in a call with one or more clients . 
  now i do n't have any data on much ram skype uses in a call and if the number rises for more clients but that 's not the point . 
  point being that ts is known to be better than skype when it comes to low end machines . 
  if you run your 4 core with 3 ghz and 8 gigs of ram this is an issue that obviously wo n't affect you . 
  point taken i was wrong there , that being said i never collected data , so it should be taken with a grain of salt . 
  are you sure that is always the case ? 
  when the vehicle is standing on a slope the reticle will obviously also be angled . 
  i never experienced this . 
  that 's not exactly easy to answer without knowing what your group is like and what kind of play style you have in your group . 
  invade and annex , insurgency are the obvious no brainers in this case , since you can play them with just a few people . 
  if you know , though that your public server will have it 's door kicked in on launch , go for something tvt-esque such as capture the island . 
  both your recommendations are [ discouraged resources ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/learnprogramming/wiki/index#wiki_discouraged_resources ) . 
  the guy who creates the spoonfed tutorials himself says [ here ] ( http://cpptutorials.freeforums.org/behind-the-spoons-background-and-faq-t539.html ) not to use his tutorials . 
  cplusplus.com is not ideal , rather refer to cppreference . 
  from the rules :, 
   all server/recruitment posts belong in / r/findaunit, 
  do n't put everything on low , it is a rookie mistake . 
  on `` low '' settings all graphical computations are done on the cpu rather than the gpu , causing even more harm . 
  you got ta find the sweet spot between not and high settings , however the error you get has nothing to do with all of that . 
  since your gpu is barely used in the first place i do n't think there is a need for specifically monitoring its usage . 
  though i still recommend upping your settings to normal-high, 
  how could the 40 minute video of you dicking around with your friends possibly suck ? 
  top comedy right there / s, 
  you ca n't because sometimes long content can be nice to watch as well . 
  take shacktac videos or phantactical and a few others as well . 
  it 's hard to decide on your own if your content is worth sharing . 
  add to this the fact that this sub is really bipolar . 
  i shared a video of my unit once , it was really well done ( not by me though ) , cinematic , short , objectively not a bad video . 
  still was downvoted for no apparent reason . 
  without context there is not much i can say to this ? 
  some kind of null pointer ? 
  thank you !, 
  i appreciate that . 
  as always , from the rules :, 
   all server/recruitment posts belong in / r/findaunit, 
  man , good thing the helicopter update only consisted of the two choppers . 
  i mean we 're still waiting on sling loading , the advanced flight mechanics and firing from vehicles . 
  considering what bi is giving away ** for free ** i think 16 lousy bucks for the two helos are actually decently priced . 
  seconded , joining a group is a great experience , met a lot of cool people all around the world . 
  though it is not the universal way of having fun in arma . 
  i do n't know if casual groups are generally more popular . 
  while they are frowned upon i ca n't think of two milsim groups right off the bat with more than 200-300 members , which makes them one of the most populated groups that i know at least, 
  haha fair point . 
  yeah the two groups i 'm thinking of are full on realism as far as i know . 
  i do n't want to mention their names , but if you 're interested pm me . 
  i know a lot of people who love the afm and they 've shown with take on helictopers that they know what they are doing . 
  it 's no dcs but vastly improves the simulation over the standard flight model . 
   i feel like i have been robbed because i could have waited a little bit for a much better deal . 
  you could have waited , but you did n't . 
  that 's just the nature of sales , it sucks but there is no one to blame really . 
  the showcase has new scopes . 
  you can also try all the weapons and attachments in the virtual arsenal . 
  other than that if the mission you are playing does n't have the dlc assets there is no way of getting it . 
  your best bet might be to setup a mcc mission with vas, 
  / u/bonerwoodsalat merely pointed out that lord jarhead is just not a comfortable coworker . 
  if you apply for a company but you are already known for your attitude on the same company 's very own forum , your chances of getting hired are marginal . 
  i feel sorry for lord jarhead if his current situation does n't allow him to continue modding but if he already knew the bi wo n't hire him and he continued pouring to much work into this project then it 's kind of a lost cause . 
  bohemia interactive is a company that makes company decisions . 
  if hiring him was not a viable decision so be it , but there is no one really to blame . 
   half of us do n't even like arma near as much without jsrs . 
  that 's a bold statement . 
  i like jsrs just like everyone else , but i would n't say that arma without it is not likeable . 
  the sounds round it off , but the gameplay is still a game 's core . 
   i would like to play sniper style if thats make any difference, 
  sniper on a public server or sniper in a group ? 
  former lies on a hill , picks out targets like there 's no tomorrow and teamwork is practically zero . 
  latter stands by in an overwatch communicates with other assets and guides others in . 
  more importantly if you 're good at what you 're doing you are crucial to winning the mission but you never take a single shot . 
  so i 'm curious what exactly do you mean by `` sniper style '', 
  the game features very little options in terms of stealth especially in multiplayer . 
  you can generally expect this to be a more slower paced game than your standard fps . 
  give invade and annex a try , it might be just for you . 
  there are tons of public servers hosting this mission . 
  later on , depending on your age and level of commitment you can join a group or unit . 
  there you have everything from casual groups playing for fun to hardcore `` yes sir '' milsim units , trying to simulate certain forces from around the globe '' . 
  / r/findaunit is your go to place for getting recruited , or check out the group listing in the sidebar . 
  no but i can play arma easily without missing jsrs . 
  it 's a great addon , but i do n't really see a necessity in it, 
  in the land of arma your graphics card barely matters , especially in this range . 
  your cpu however dictates how well the game will run . 
  pretty much this . 
  i wish this would be shown as a tooltip when hovering over the settings in game . 
  this is quite a useful thing to know . 
  check out the official ace3 wiki [ here ] ( http://ace3mod.com/wiki/ ), 
  out of curiosity . 
  since the project has been planned , how many hours per day / week did you pour in on an average basis ? 
  advanced combat environment - a modification with the intention to overhaul and enhance certain game mechanics . 
  such as bringing more factors into bullet ballistics ( such as wind ) , a complete redesign to the medical aspects of the game and many more . 
  ace in arma 2 was known for making the game realistic in a lot of aspects . 
  but not only that , we also saw a lot of new game items that would change the gameplay in a lot of fashions . 
  tear gas and gas masks , hide-able ieds and defusion kits etc etc etc. 
  what 's a shame ? 
  i think he meant he never bothered with ace for arma 2 in singleplayer . 
  i used to , although if a singleplayer scenario was n't made with or for ace in arma 2 it broke a lot of stuff .
