  for example quicksort becomes increasingly worse the more the input array is already sorted, 
  line 38 : if ( i = 30 ) is an assignment , not a comparison . 
  thank you for your contribution to / r/austria . 
  however , your post goes against [ the reddiquette ] ( http://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette ) or [ reddit content policy ] ( https://www.reddit.com/help/contentpolicy ) and has therefore been removed . 
  it is . 
  if you allocate memory using new a possible exception could prevent you from freeing that memory again . 
  not only is it a meaningless term , but there are also no classes in c, 
  soon ^ tm as long as he has n't finished it i am not convinced that he will actually do it . 
  he has a tendency of not finishing his series , and there is a lot of `` we will touch upon that later again '' in his videos, 
  i wo n't , his c++ strings video starts with `` before you watch this video you should watch the video about pointers and the video about arrays '' . 
  what ? 
  why would i need to understand arrays and pointers to use std : : string ? 
  oh thats right , because he does n't teach how to use std : : string , at least not up until two thirds into his video, 
  as a matter of fact , you want to use \\ n far more often than std : : endl . 
  server name : * atmonys server *, 
  website : [ atmony forums !, 
  ] ( http://www.atmony.com ), 
  server address/ip : **mc.atmony.com **, 
  game play type/s : smp, 
  description : * smp medieval roleplay *, 
  rules :, 
  1 ) no swearing, 
  2 ) no griefing, 
  3 ) no modifications of any kind, 
  4 ) no advertising, 
  5 ) do not spawn pvp at / warps, 
  6 ) do not place banned items, 
  7 ) listen to all staff members, 
  8 ) do not ask for op excessively, 
  9 ) do not build too close to others, 
  10 ) respect everyone, 
  11 ) atmony & loki may enforce rules without notice or contest, 
  12 ) do not use racism/homophobia/direct insults in / ag, 
  breaking any of the above = ban, 
  server hardware :, 
  cpu : amd opteron ( tm ) processor 6272 ( 32 cores ), 
  plugins :, 
  custom atmony plugin , pvptoggle , mcmmo , essentials , survivalgames , showcase, 
  owner/admins/moderators :, 
  * head admins : strawberrygashes , sarah488 , skylord_yare , blueeagle851, 
  other : anti griefing / hacking plugins :, 
  alright , after about 5 threads complaining about the weapon sway and a few additional comments on here as well as the bistudio forums about how shit bohemia is , let 's get a thread going about the positive sides of the bootcamp update . 
  first off obviously the main part of the update is the bootcamp scenario which , while probably not so exciting for experienced players , is a great introduction into the game for newcomers . 
  it 's not a standard `` go there do this '' tutorial , it creates a prequel to a pretty decent campaign , which is pretty cool how they pulled that off . 
  continuing i like the vr , it 's a great tool to mess around but the real deal here is the virtual arsenal . 
  creating loadouts for missions has always been quite the hassle . 
  virtual ammobox is not really a suitable alternative for those who play in larger groups and creating loadouts manually using class names took up way too much time . 
  virtual arsenal is probably one of the best implementations into the main game after zeus . 
  let 's stop bitching about the negative sides of the update , people who come here and do n't own the game will get the impression that the bootcamp update made the game unplayable , but thats simply not true , so please stop spreading only the negative sides , point out what 's good , but raise awareness to the devs about what needs to be improved . 
  thank you, 
  a bit of pre-information about me : i am a physics student , learned some java a while back and because i am starting software development as a second subject on uni i wanted to get back into programming and more it relevant stuff . 
  i have heard about raspberry pi and after a bit of research i figured it would be a great way to learn the ins and outs of basic and advanced coding . 
  now i got my pi yesterday and bought today every piece of equipment i needed alongside it ( sd card , a micro usb power supply and a hdmi cable ) installed the recommended raspberian os and now im pretty much set and good to . 
  i already played around with what comes with the os and i am completely astonished on what this little piece can do . 
  however now i am pretty much stuck , i saw a few websites listing ' x things you can do with the pi ' but none was really giving me the information i wanted . 
  so i am asking you dear redditors , how should i start off ? 
  i am eager to look into and learn any and all programming languages required . 
  looking forward to any replies and a big thank you . 
  hello once again , i posted a couple days ago about projects for the pi and from you friendly redditors i got a lot of ideas , most of them are for educational purposes . 
  recently i downloaded the weather-util program , what i want to do now is a scheduled task for the pi to run the weather command with a parameter and write the outcome into a textfile / textfiles . 
  i figured the best way to realize the scheduled task would be a cron job that just runs `` weather xxxx '' ( xxxx being the location ) , but what would be the best way to write the output of the console into a self made log file ? 
  getting closer to starting a proper project on my pi i have decided to use java . 
  i like python but i am just more advanced with java as of now and i would like to use it instead of python for now . 
  i saw that java and javac are already on my pi both being on pretty much the latest versions . 
  i 've tried to use google to determine which ide i should use and the opinions i got were pretty much balanced out , the only main message i got was `` whatever you use , they are both pretty heavy on the pi and it is recommended to just code on your desktop and transfer it to the pi and execute it there '', 
  anyone got experience , opinions and so on with coding in java for the pi and recommends a solution for this problem ? 
  after buying the pi and all the peripherals needed i am looking towards getting some additional hardware , such as a breadboard , a pi-t-cobbler and a ribbon cable . 
  resistors , transistors , leds and other small stuff are for me easily buyable as i have a hardware store around the corner . 
  i 've seen a few kits on amazon that have all the above mentioned items , but usually they come either with a pi ( and i really dont need a second one ) or they come with all the peripherals included ( a usb power device , sd card w / reader , etc ) . 
  if anyone could point towards some kit that does not include the things i already have and use or towards maybe a shopping list , that would be awesome , thank you, 
  so i may or may not have bumped into a situation : i use this book to learn how to pi and ive been in a chapter , in which you hoop up the pi to a breadboard with a led , wrote a short script that makes the led light up every second and now ... 
  it kind of doesnt stop because of a while ( true ) loop . 
  any ideas how to safely shut down the pi ? 
  i was thinking to open up a second ssh terminal and just sudo reboot it , is that safe ? 
  so i 'm on adafruit right now browsing through their tons of accessories for the arduino and raspberry pi , mostly their sensors is what gets me the most at the moment . 
  my question regarding these sensors : how well documented are they about their usage ? 
  i see a lot of temperature , humidity , ir sensors etc and i was wondering if they come with a detailed manual on how to use them , if the internet tells you more about how to implement on your pi and so on . 
  after browsing adafruit and it 's tons of peripherals and tutorials for those peripherals i wanted to buy myself a bmp180 and a few other shiny things but unaware that adafruit has it 's home in the states i realized that the shipping costs were just as much as the price of the items themselves . 
  i was wondering if there are any euro retailers that sell adafruit or comparable items . 
  i know conrad sells a few adafruit peripherals but usually puts another 10-20 euros on top of them . 
  thank you in advance !, 
  so netflix was released yesterday in austria so naturally i got myself an account and already started enjoying the entertainment provided for my ps4 . 
  today i decided i would like to have the same enjoyment in my living room , where i have an old sony bravia hooked up with a bpd-s185 player , the thing has internet and supposedly supports netflix . 
  i hooked it up to my router , updated the firmware and everything but unfortunately along all those apps i got downloaded for it now , no netflix . 
  my question now : is the regional lock still applying to some devices ? 
  can i manually download a netflix client from the psn or any other source and transfer it via a usb flash drive to my blu ray player ? 
  or am i screwed and i ca n't get netflix working on the thing anyway and i need to shoot for a whole new device ? 
  looking forward to any replies !, 
  first semester c++ here , we were given multiple assignments that all evolve around manipulating numbers ( i.e. 
  reading the digit in a position of a number ; switching order of numbers ; splitting numbers into their digits ; etc ) . 
  my first thought was using strings but as it appears we are supposed to use int and double as only variables . 
  i was wondering are there certain functions that deal with manipulating integers in such a way ? 
  a link to a reference would be more than sufficient . 
  thank you !, 
  edit : aaaaand fucked up the title ... 
  we 're doing pointers in our coding class at the moment , and i ca n't help it but being confused on how to use them and their use in a standard program . 
  i 'd heavily appreciate if someone could give me an eli5 . 
  still a c++ beginner , but as my course progresses so does the difficulty of our assignments . 
  in class we have spoken about dynamic memory and how it can be beneficial when using arrays , because i had some issues with this subject i referred to cplusplus.com for an introduction on dynamic memory . 
  while the syntax is still a bit mind boggling i can somewhat understand how it works and what it does .
