  i personally also recommend to a3 rather than to a2 . 
  the community has mostly migrated , there are more diverse servers and just generally more stuff to do . 
  if it works it ai n't stupid . 
  i agree it 's a hacky way of solving the issue , but if they could n't come up with a better idea at the time , it 's actually quite smart . 
  generally aa combat works in a3 but it 's not as smooth as in a game that dedicates itself solely to this type of fithing . 
  in your standard scenario a jet would be an additional asset providing fire cover for ground assets and aerial cover in case en enemy air asset scrambles . 
  but the latter is rather rare , even more so because nato forces have only one jet , that is meant for cas only, 
  sounds shady , whats the catch ? 
  i am interested , but hesitant . 
  to me a kickstarter project is something i need to trust in , since i am more or less blindly dropping money on it without having the guarantee that it will suceed . 
  especially the stretch goals make me curious . 
  so if they get below a certain amount , will we simply not see those features ? 
  if so how come role customization , a crucial part of such a game , is so highly ranked while addtitional models and a training mode are relatively low tier ? 
  i understand it probably costs more to implement it , but would n't it make sense to implement the system right now , while they are coding the game so that they do n't have to break working parts in order to patch it in later ? 
  too many promises right now and way too many failed early access and kickstarter projects have broken my trust in the industry . 
  i know and understand that bohemia did more or less the same with their game ( minus the stretch goals ) , but they are a company with more than 10 years experience in the industry , while these developers are , as far as i know are `` only '' mod developers who made the next step in the career ladder . 
  it looks promising and if they can hold all promises it will probably a great game , but right now i am sceptical . 
   for the 150k usd ( 186k cad or something like it ) we will get every single thing that is promised in the stretch goals but it just takes a longer time, 
  fair play , that is a reasonable promise . 
  the stretch goals just seem a little scattered to me . 
  role customization and fast doping should have been the lowest tier goals , new factions and maps higher tier , but maybe that is just me . 
  i ca n't say anything about the impact pr had on the fps community , i never played it and to me this is a mostly subjective premise . 
  for those who have n't played it but played a2 ace and acre probably had the most impact on the realism genre , but then again someone who never played with those two probably would n't say that either . 
  i appreciate though that the team behind pr wants to take it up a notch though and make their own game . 
  once the thing is more fledged out and i see how some core mechanics like vehicle physics and in game coms are handled i feel like i can make a better decision about this game . 
  it could be interesting competition for bohemia and their ai n't nothing wrong with that from my point of view . 
  i believe the 1,000,000 stretch goal was for fast roping , but it 's still a weird way of sorting your goals . 
  core mechanics like fast roping or role customization are tough to meet goals , while the aesthetic goals such as units are rather down low . 
  it 's not as appealing imho, 
  right , i misread that . 
  yeah advertising helicopters in your game and then not even being able to add them right away without the stretch goal seems a bit off . 
  what if they do n't meet the stretch goal and wo n't have the capacity to add them later to the game ? 
  features that will be implemented in the game should not be in the list of stretch goals , especially not that far down . 
  as i said it sounds interesting , though recent developments in the industry broke my trust , and given that i barely heard of the developers ( set aside that they seem to be popular in the modding community ) i find it hard to lay down money for this game . 
  i have n't but it is an important feature in an infantry based game that features helicopters . 
  it is one in the current arma installment that is dearly missed by the entirety of the community , seeing it in squad would be nice . 
  we 'll see where this project goes , for the sake of competition i do hope that they get a solid product out . 
  former bi devs are working on kingdome come ? 
  that 's pretty awesome , not gon na lie . 
  it 's not really necessary as a beginner to work in a new os . 
  as a matter of fact i believe it will slow you eventually down , because steps that might be familiar to you are now taking longer . 
  with that being said some newer linux distros are quite user friendly . 
  just for the fuck of it i installed ubuntu 14.04 on my second drive a few months back and i 'm still using it since it 's quite a fun operating system . 
  i say , do n't bother for now , but if you do want to get a second os , it 's not that hard . 
  the ubuntu installer will even ask you if you want to overwrite your current os or install dual boot . 
  nope . 
  i am not sure if there is hardcoded max draw distance but in the editor you can bump it up to whatever you want . 
  8km was my max distance and when you are flying high it 's actually not that bad framerate wise , since you do n't need to render details or your cpu is needed for calculating ai . 
  it 's still personal information of other 's , so i did n't want to take any chances and break reddit wide rules . 
  if you want to know who they are it 's not exactly hard to find them . 
  i think the `` xd '' made clear that it was intended as a joke . 
  it 's also not the commet i am referring to . 
  unfortunately this is not an isolated instance and the arma 3 facebook page constantly receives similar comments . 
  not sure if sarcasm but the witcher 3 also announced free dlc . 
  but what / u/themightymooseking probably meant are the platform updates and the fact that even non dlc owners still get the helicopters , they just ca n't fly them . 
  literally what i said , friend . 
  yeah i should have known . 
  comments below newspaper articles are the worst . 
  i wonder if he frequents this subreddit and saw this post or it reached him through different means . 
  you say that but this subreddit is compared to others relatively mature . 
  obviously most subscribers here are arma fans so if you lash out towards the developer or the game without reasoning you will feel the community bounce back at you , but as long as you keep reasonable the subreddit responds accordingly . 
  at least in my experience, 
  you always have a few stepping out of line but generally i think this is one of the best subs that is n't as tightly moderated as other high profile subreddits . 
  or it is tightly moderated and the mods are just doing a neat job . 
  i do n't know , maybe / u/phantomsmedia / u/tarbenderr or / u/toxicsludge1977 can give some insight if they need to step in often as mods, 
  i do n't know if that 's necessarily true . 
  i obviously ca n't say for how long you 've been here but when bi introduced the new fatigue system they got whipped left and right . 
  when dwarden slammed his `` eula ... read it '' bohemia was also not very famous . 
  there is a sort of fanboyism going on here , but that 's expected , considering the sub we 're in . 
  but usually this sub is relatively objective . 
  note that, 
  for ( auto & i : foo ) { ... 
  is a range-based for loop and only works with c++ 11 and above , so make sure you compiler with the right flags ( if it 's not default ) . 
  if this is not an option for your class you can still use the string.length ( ) method in a traditional for loop and treat the individual position of the string as an array that you access with the initial variable , such as foo [ i ] ;, 
  without knowing what you can and ca n't do , it 's hard to give pointers . 
  but i guess the number one answer to this would be `` start working on a project '', 
  just saying paid coders and generally monetized work is not very well received in this community . 
  you 're better off contacting a developer directly and see how he responds . 
  all in all you 'd save money and learn something if you just make your own scripts and addons . 
  good luck !, 
   altis life server, 
  well , altis life is a not very well optimized mission ... 
   when im in kavala, 
  big cities are known to crumple fps like nothing else . 
  i do n't know your cpu , so someone else has to comment on that . 
   textures will go into n64 mode ... this bug, 
  its not a bug , its an engine function . 
  the textures look blurry because they have n't been loaded into your memory fully . 
  try lower settings , avoid altis life and kavala altogether . 
  it 's not really hacking , when they are just using scripts that they probably did n't even write themselves . 
  do n't give them any recognition . 
  i think what was meant that windows is not splitting the application up between cores but that it might shift the process from one core to another . 
  not sure if it 's true though, 
  i agree , it sounds like a weird thing but it 's not impossible for an operating system . 
  it ** could ** do that if it really wanted to . 
  i disagree , as i said in a different thread monetized work is not popular in this community . 
  op 's best bet would check in over at / r/armadev or a forum to see if there are any lonely devs that would like to collab on a project . 
  cool that you 're doing this . 
  while skipping through i 've noticed a couple things you could improve imho, 
  * in the radio section you missed out on explaining the whole `` you , this is me ... '' opening call .
