it 's not as simple as `` immigrants taking your jobs '' since each new immigrant also increases demand for products and services in the local economy too which creates more jobs . 
  the real issue is that they probably are n't going to be able to work even low wage jobs due to language and social barriers . 
  do whatever you want then . 
  point is you now have a list of people with known paedophile affiliations . 
  even if you just monitor the speakers you have more information about the paedophile community than before when they discuss it using encryption on the darknet . 
  sure why not ? 
  think how easily we could register and monitor them if they went to conferences . 
  yes because he actually raped a kid . 
  if a man beats his wife lock the fucker up . 
  if he 's just talking about it then do n't do shit . 
  it 's been revised up to 0.4 % from 0.3 % . 
  the us grew at 0.9 % and the uk at 0.7 % during the same time . 
  0.4 % is not impressive at all , the eurozone economy is not healthy at the moment . 
  and you do n't see an issue with imprisoning people who hold views you disagree with ? 
  ok but these people are n't going to stop holding these views or discussing them because you make it illegal . 
  would n't you prefer they did it in public where you can monitor and challenge them ? 
  the charlie hebdo attackers found the cartoons equally offensive as misogyny and inciting violence . 
  by banning any speech you move yourself closer to their level . 
  you defeat evil ideas by showing people their flaws , not shutting them out . 
  free speech is n't for the speech you want to hear , its for the ones you do n't . 
  i do n't know which link you clicked but in 2015 finland was the 16th strongest economy in the world and 9th strongest in europe . 
  growth does n't say anything to current economic strength or sudan is a stronger economy than switzerland . 
  http://knoema.com/sijweyg/gdp-per-capita-ranking-2015-data-and-charts here are facts to prove you wrong . 
  oh get off your high horse , we have plenty of high quality news in the uk ( bbc , telegraph , guardian , independent etc. 
  ) , anyone who willingly reads the daily mail , sun , star or whatever other shite murdoch sprays out of his arse currently is a fucking moron and there 's no nice way to put it . 
  i 'm not saying its their fault , and they 're not less of a person for doing so but to imply any sort of intelligence beyond the ability to drive a car and operate a remote is generous . 
  well if you lived here recently youd know its mandatory to finish college now . 
  and i do n't know how anyone could look at the daily mail for more than 30s and not diagnose anyone who willingly reads it as anything other than a dribbling moron . 
  yeh you have no idea . 
  the average brit is a goddamn fucking moron . 
  assuming you have no debts to pay off , then it depends on a few factors . 
  if you can afford to not touch the money for 5 + years ( ideally 10-15 or even longer ) then splitting it between a few broad index funds ( utilities is usually pretty safe ) and just ignoring it is a good bet . 
  they will be going up and down so if you keep checking daily you 'll be getting lots of grey hairs pretty soon . 
  if you can only afford to not touch it for a few years or less then gilts and bonds are probably your best bet . 
  returns are low but there 's close to zero risk . 
  they were , they were also in a minority coalition, 
  this is the dailymail though , there 's a good chance it 's bullshit . 
  i 'm not sure , 5 years of news is a lot to summarise and i doubt anyone has condensed down all the juicy bits . 
  basically the 2010 election was a bit of a plot twist in that the right-wing conservatives pulled a surprise victory against the left-wing labour ruling government by forming a coalition with the socially left / economically centrist liberal democrats . 
  the newly formed government then passed a bill which raised university tuition fees to # 9000 ( around 12000 euros a year ) which the lib-dems had promised to veto in their manifesto and ran on the platform of opposing but ended up voting in favour of . 
  this was the straw that broke the camels back in a long rising , extremely widespread disillusion in the political establishment . 
  the coalition government then proceeded to heavily cut public sector spending despite massive unpopularity . 
  however this did end up having a seemingly positive effect on the economy with rapid gdp growth and a sharp drop in unemployment . 
  it then turned out the lib-dems had crumbled on the tuition fee change in order to pass a referendum on changing the voting system but was strongly opposed by the conservatives with dirty tactics like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ycylv.jpg ) and [ this ] ( http://brightgreenscotland.org/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/av-poster-2.jpg ) which ended up failing and the lib-dems were completely broken . 
  they 've since managed to pass a lot of their other policies but their popularity was completely sabotaged . 
  later on there was a coup by the opposition ( labour ) on intervention in syria with the vote coming out against military action which was a huge shock . 
  there were all sorts of other political upsets during this time as the main parties clashed . 
  in the summer there was an attempt by the scottish parliament to secede from the uk , which failed . 
  this however created a lot of tension against the british parliament in scotland . 
  all of these combined events have meant that the upcoming election is an absolute mess . 
  the conservatives are unpopular due to the cuts they made , but their economic policy seems to have worked so they are n't completely down and out . 
  the main opposition have a leader who looks like [ this ] ( http://img.thesun.co.uk/aidemitlum/archive/01523/ed-miliband-wallac_1523675a.jpg ) so despite offering a credible alternative are suffering in polls . 
  furthermore the scotland situation has led to a huge rise of popularity for the scottish national party which has taken a huge number of seats from labour . 
  additionally a right-win eu-sceptic party called ukip ( uk-independance ) are winning support amongst the politically disenfranchised right wing , while the greens ( pro-environment but kind of nuts ) are scooping up the run-off from the left . 
  this means the conservatives and labour are neck and neck in the polls but neither can scrape together enough seats to form a government . 
  even a cons/ukip/lib-dem or labour/lib-dem/green coalition does n't get close to the required seats . 
  the only third party capable of making a government are the snp ( scotland ) and hold the balance of power in the upcoming election . 
  a snapshot of current polls can explain the situation nicely : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/politics/poll-tracker so absolutely noone has any idea who the next government will be , or even if we will have one . 
  there is constant political fighting from every side and no parties look close to allying . 
  the closer it gets the more dirty tricks are being played , the more the media ramps up the rhetoric about how evil their chosen allegiance is and the less anyone has any idea of whats going on . 
  uk politics of the last 5 years has basically been house of cards . 
  its not even a surprise , tel aviv is one of the most popular gay destinations in the world . 
  homosexuals have been welcomed in israel before most of the west even woke up to the issue . 
  ukip will win less than half a dozen seats , same for greens . 
  snp have already ruled out a labour coalition . 
  that leaves lib dems with the possibility to form a coalition or allow another immediate election which the conservatives will win . 
  neither of those things is likely . 
  a lib dem / labour or a repeat of the current coalition is the most likely, 
  that was bloody amazing, 
  sounds like the future story of the green party in the uk . 
  yep i mostly deal with nanomaterials so i was wrong to not consider the biological properties . 
  i 've changed my original comment . 
  the chemical properties of titanium itself do n't change with size . 
  the electronic effects do however , i 've amended my original comment . 
  i was looking at shorter time scales than this so it did n't occur to me to look at dna damage . 
  i 'm a chemist/nanoscientist so this is outside my scope , thanks for alerting me . 
  i 've amended my original comment . 
  should have been volts actually . 
  and ? 
  the titanium is in the 4 + oxidation state , there 's no system in the body that can oxidise it further and the standard electrode potential is around -1.6 v just to reduce the 2 + ion . 
  it 's pretty much inert . 
  ~ ~ ca n't even spell `` dioxide '' right . 
  and i literally just wrote a research report about how titanium dioxide is so safe it actually integrates into bone when titanium implants are used . 
  there 's volumes of research on the safety of tio2 , i can dig it up if anyone is interested . ~ ~ seems this issue actually is n't all that clear cut and there may well be a risk involved . 
  i 've seen research on both sides but the carcinogen risk is definitely real ( although the risk factor varies by study ) . 
  my mistake for seeming so assured on the topic . 
  oh yeh fuck , that 's what thread this is . 
  i thought we were in r/unitedkingdom, 
  uk defence spending is almost as high as russia 's , our equipment is superior and our troops are better trained . 
  not to mention the us aircraft carriers sitting a few hours away in the pacific and our nuclear submarines ready to turn moscow and st petersburg to glass . 
  there is literally zero chance of russia attacking the uk or any of nato for that matter . 
  they will help , but predominantly they would enhance humanity directly , more powerful computers , live longer etc. 
  which will enhance progress across the board , then in the future space travel wo n't be such a monumental challenge, 
  i 'm a scientist but i still do n't think space science is worth spending money on compared to medicine , nanotechnology , materials science or nuclear fusion . 
  it 's certainly more glamorous and easy for the general public to relate to , but it does n't reap the same benefits . 
  teachers with the qualifications you mentioned do exist and they command salaries on the order of doctors . 
  the reality is the majority of people who become teachers are not very bright , often having done poorly at their initial field of study or had little ambition . 
  that 's not to devalue their role but there are basic market forces at work and teachers are in high supply and low demand . 
  do n't be ridiculous , its supply and demand . 
  if teachers had to spend 10 years training and their every decision could cost a life then they would be paid the same as doctors .
