actually the czars were n't half as bad as the bolsheviks and soviets . 
  czars exiled our intelligentsia to siberia and kazakhstan . 
  commies had them straight out slaughtered . 
  to be fair , most issues he 's been voicing over the last 20 years ( inevitable crash of the pension and social insurances system , corruption of all government agencies , oppression of middle class ) turned out to be true , or at least admitted by the government officials in their private talks ( there 's a crapload of tapes leaked a few weeks ago ) . 
  it questions his position as a member of parliment . 
  this guy is all about `` honor '' , `` old values '' , iron logic to the point of absurd and gentleman culture . 
  by using words universally considered vulgar and offensive , he not only incriminates his position as a public figure , but also contradicts his own ruleset . 
  he says `` he 's too old '' , and as far as i recall from the cross-party debates , the official party line is not monarchism anymore , but republicanism . 
  i think he 's too used to speaking foreign languages when he can , i think he even lived in the us for a while back when he was a professional bridge player . 
  his accent is atrocious , but at least unlike half of the other polish eu meps he speaks it . 
  and yeah , he meant to cause controversy , that 's what he builds his popularity on ( as he repeats himself `` it 's not important what they write about you , it 's important they get the name right '' ) . 
  this attitude is worth condemning , but understandable . 
  to be fair , the weed bandwagon indeed jumped from palikot to korwin ( korwin 's `` muh freedoms '' includes `` drug yourself with anything you want , state is not going to pay for your rehab '' ) , with the social justice warriors moving towards po or sld . 
  but yeah , the intellectual basis of the electorate is wannabe middle class , same guys who voted for the po programme in 2005 and 2007 ( they promised low taxes , deregulations etc. 
  you hit the nail on the head . 
  korwin-mikke has said out loud that he is tired of hosting press conferences about economy with zero media coverage - so he went for the controversy to the point of absurd . 
  he despises this method of getting attention as much as we do , but economics , demographics and real applied politics are never going to appear in media . 
  polish politics are all about smole\u0144sk plane crash and wire tapes . 
  polish has 7 cases , 3 modes , 3 numbers ( singular , dual , plural ) , 5 genders and about 13 different patterns of declining verbs ( it 's pretty much as if no suffixes such - ing or - ed existed and all verbs were irregular ) . 
  most poles do n't even realize that . 
  on the top of that , you have unpronounceable \u015b \u017a \u0107 d\u017a sounds ( best examples would be the chinese shi/zhi ones ) and \u0105 / \u0119 ( absulutely no parallel , maybe to french `` mon '' ) ... and the fun with prefixes . 
  so yeah , let 's stick with english . 
  it 's harder than russian . 
  it seems easier since there 's no new alphabet to learn , but polish has some really original and difficult sounds . 
  for a pole , for example , relation to every country is different by some details . 
  * sweden - we had this stupid fanatic sigismund vasa for a king , guy was hated by swedes as much as poles ; this later resulted in some animosity and war * denmark - no common history , but in hamlet , forntibras comes to conquer poland , so hey , that 's something * norway - not in eu , fjords , controversies with child services ( there was a case where polish parents had to kidnap their own daughter out of norway ) * finland shares similar history ( border ) with russia, 
   poland has been more active it 's everyone else being active , mostly . 
  poland starts small in a shape similar to how it looks today . 
  it expands south-east and allies with lithuania , reaching about 1 000 000 square kilometres of area . 
  the borders are constantly contested by pretty much everyone , including even sweden . 
  the timeline is a bit off , poland gets partitioned in 1795 ( such is life ) and that moment of reappereance was during the napoleonic conquest in 1807 . 
  poles , seeking independence , sided with bonaparte ; guy even made it into our national anthem `` hymn of polish legions in italy '' . 
  unfortunately the guy decided to invade russia . 
  it 's not that invading moscow is impossible - poles have done that before , eventually giving russians their own independence day - it 's that staying for the winter there was doomed to fail . 
  pre-xix century poland was a mix of three major ethnic groups - poles , lithuanians and ukrainian cossacks - and many others , such as jews and tartars . 
  after ww1 , poland reappeared , as both russia and germany were weakened : russia was in bolshevik chaos and germans have lost the war , enabling a quick uprising that was enough to liberate their part . 
  the problem was the border with russia , as bolsheviks figured the best way to unite the society is to send it to war in 1920 to introduce europe to communism . 
  poland said `` no , thanks '' and repeled the invasion at the last stand in warsaw . 
  with no power to push the russians further , our marshall was unable to liberate kiev and minsk from bolsheviks and implement the idea of ukrainian and belarussian nation states as a security buffer . 
  then , gues what , 1939 . 
  post-ww2 poland got handed by the west to soviets , who , after already killing all high-ranked military officers and intelligentsia , decided to purge the remnants of the democratic government and artificially moved the polish border , literally moving people from one place ( vilinus/wilno , lviv/lw \u00f3w ) to another ( breslau/wroc \u0142aw , stettin/szczecin ) . 
  poland lost twice as much land as it gained , but 17 % of civilian population died in ww2 , so overcrowding was n't an issue . 
  the more you know , 
  our own fault for voting the guy into that position . 
  you may think it 's simple , but the article highlights the other factor - ukraine is n't just a neighbour that shared the same fate as poland , its history is tightly connected . 
  the relationship between poland and ukraine is much closer than the one between poland and czechia or poland and slovakia , for example . 
  we share some culture with czechs ( the legend of the golem ) and slovaks ( the legend of the mountain robin hood janosik ) , but that 's it . 
  meanwhile in the case of ukraine , we share long common state history that greatly influenced both cultures . 
  it might be received as patronizing , but there 's a bit of guilt on the polish side for neglecting ukraine as an entity for all that time - basically the idea of treating them as a third part of the commonwealth alongside with poland and lithuania came up when it was far too late for that and cossacks already wanted independence . 
  so the poles may feel like they owe ukrainians help when it comes to their independence . 
  some may argue that `` being free to choose eu '' is a false freedom , but freeing from russian influence seems like a good idea . 
  partially true . 
  although there is a great deal of sympathy towards ukraine even outside of the political context , with euro 2012 and so on . 
  i do n't think the political sympathy towards ukraine is much more intense than the felings towards germany ( eternal envy ) , czech republic and slovaks ( neutral ) or lithuania ( there 's some unresolved tension ) . 
  it 's part of this `` older sibling '' mentality - poles believe turning away from russia and towards eu is the way to go and want to convert their last non-eu neighbour to join them . 
  because belarussia is a lost cause . 
   nobody was oppressed and everyone had a normal life ? 
  not sure if uneducated or just trolling, 
  the referendum was a political move by the former president during the campaign for the 2nd turn of the election , when he was trying to sway the voters of the 3rd place candidate in his favour with the fptp question the whole thing was an insult to the democracy , and was treated as such, 
  germanization in xixth century was all about wiping away the polish culture and replacing it with the german one . 
  it did not succeed , but the effects are undeniable . 
  and as my post mentioned , the german influence predates the occupation . 
  poles are the westernized tribe of slavs however you look at it . 
  slovenia and croatia are in a similar position ( catholic , latin alphabet ) , but they are also involved in the whole balkan culture . 
  czechia and slovakia are arguably in a similar position to poland , although their national identity has been established in a different process . 
  germany has always been poland 's gateway to the west and a role model . 
  poland never wanted to * be * germany , let alone * part of * germany - it wanted to be * like * germany . 
  as opposed to being like russia . 
  because that 's where 90 % of the police shootout footage comes from , which makes it an instant comparison point . 
  at the first sight , the policemen in this video seem like blind idiots who ca n't hit their target . 
  then again , this is / r/europe , so i guess this disclaimer was not that necessary . 
  it was the main point of discussion when this clip landed on / r/videos a year ago , though . 
  germany has occupied poland for well over a hundred years , over the whole xixth century and during ww2 . 
  in the middle ages , the german culture has been the model for polish society - founding villages , the social structure of towns , and laws in general . 
  up until this day , most regional dialects in greater poland , kujawy , kaszuby , and especially silesia bear heavy german influence . 
  for example `` wihajster '' , a word in the polonia maior dialect used to describe a device whose name and purpose is unknown , comes from german * wie heisst er ? 
  * which translates to `` what 's its name ? '' . 
  same goes for most of xixth century inventions - * bahn * ( `` bana '' ) for trams , * zug * ( `` cug '' ) for trains or for the chimney drafts . 
  all in all , poles are germanized slavs . 
  they 're as close as it gets between two different language families . 
  they were n't shooting blanks , they were aiming for his legs . 
  which they eventually hit . 
  it 's a foolish approach if the target is armed and dangerous , and in the usa the expected course of action would be to shoot him in the torso . 
  in a country such as poland , however , you can afford going out of your way to * not * kill the target and avoid killing another human being , even if it 's an angry lunatic . 
  not when we speak english . 
  and it 's `` w\u00f3dka '' , pronounced `` voodka '' , and we 'd rather have people pronounce it `` vodka '' than to be mistaken that the w in w\u00f3dka is pronounced as english `` w '' instead of `` v '' . 
  from what i 've seen ukrainian is a language influenced by polish , and therefore it 's easier for the ukrainians to understand polish than for the poles to understand ukrainian . 
  similar as with portugese to spanish , and norwegian to swedish . 
  i 've worked with a few ukrainians in france , and they actually preferred when people spoke polish to them than english , even though they did n't speak polish as well as english . 
  one thing i 'd say is that it 's difficult for the ukrainians to lose the accent . 
  you can recognize them right away , as poland is an exceptionally homogenous country . 
  \u2610 not rekt \u2611 rekt \u2611 rektangle \u2611 shrekt \u2611 rekt-it ralph \u2611 total rektall \u2611 the lord of the rekt \u2611 the usual susrekts \u2611 north by northrekt \u2611 rekt to the future \u2611 once upon a time in the rekt \u2611 the good , the bad , and the rekt \u2611 lawrekt of arabia \u2611 tyrannosaurus rekt \u2611 erektile dysfunction, 
  actually , most polish jokes are about poles . 
  even if they feature germans or russians , the punchline is always about the pole being witty/stupid/vengeful . 
  -- the ukrainian government has debated for a very long time , what to do with the contaminated area around chernobyl . 
  ca n't grow wheat - people would die . 
  ca n't grow corn - animals would die . 
  they 've decided to sow tobacco , with a disclaimer on the cigarette boxes : `` ministry of health warns you one last time '' . 
  -- `` hey , you , russian dude . 
  would you drink a whole bottle of vodka by yourself ? '',
