  ive just been using the bbc one - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/live/world-europe-34815972, 
  nothing except increased security and maybe more airstrikes . 
  is is trying to bait them in , that 's the point of the attacks . 
  al qaeda got exactly what they wanted when they committed 9/11 , they drew america into a war that was impossible to win , is is doing the same thing . 
  the more you bomb them the more civilians are going to die and gain them support , if you invade them that 's going to help with there doomsday prediction . 
  they upload everything they release to multiple file hosts , archive is quite good because it 's an archive and stuff is n't often removed . 
  the bbc . 
  how can people think this is n't coordinated ? 
  it 's not like all these guys just happened to start shooting at the same time on the same night . 
  lord have mercy , lets hope this is over quickly . 
  i 've seen a lot of isis material , they put out loads of material in french , they even have a magazine only published in french , i would say its the second most used language used after english , maybe equal or less than russian . 
  tons of places like this up north , [ here 's penrhyn quarry in bethesda ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/14/bethesda-mine-07367u.jpg ) , it 's full of water now . 
  it 's like coal slag in the south , lots of the stuff everywhere , the landscape is scarred by it , [ the mountains are made of it . ] ( https://i.imgur.com/9pi2luj.jpg ) . 
  had to resubmit this comment because i used a picture from the daily mail , pathetic . 
  yes . 
  * oui oui * imagine if everyone started speaking like he spoke , this place would be unreadable . 
  i once went to a place called saith marchog , the hill of the seven horsemen , called so because the giant and king of the britains , bendigeidfran , placed seven knights there when he went to ireland to rescue his daughter branwen from the irish . 
  by our own / u/kaisermaccleg, 
  it 's true because it 's performed by a priest , and not someone in a courtroom . 
  if the church recognised gay marriage then i would accept it , you just really want me to be homophobic so that you can dismiss me , but i 'm not . 
  there are at least a few billion people who agree with me , ex ; the catholic and orthodox churches , i 'm not catholic but i think if you were gay and told a catholic priest you were married , he 'd laugh at you . 
  if you `` married '' outside the church , when you then entered it , you would have to remarry , because a ` marriage ' outside the church is only legally binding and is not a holy union . 
  let me put it simply for you ; like i said , it 's both , two homosexuals cant marry , and a couple cant get married , if it 's outside the church , a `` civil marriage '' is n't a true marriage at all , because marriage is a very specific holy ceremony that can only be performed by a priest . 
  if they allowed homosexual people , or any other people , to be united through a ceremony that gives them all the rights of marriage , but did n't call it marriage , i would not care . 
  it 's both , i do n't know how you are n't gathering that . 
  two people of the same sex can not be married , just as someone can not be married outside the church , they can only have something that resembled it , but is not it . 
  some people still use it in the sense i use it , ie ; 1.2 billion catholics . 
  i 'm using it in it 's true sense , you 're the one that 's using it in a bastardised modern sense . 
  if a denomination was marrying two gay people , that would n't be an actual marriage , that church would be in heresy . 
  my problem is that they are using the word marriage for something that is not marriage , like i said before , if it was called a civil union or something i would n't care . 
  we two will never agree , because what you think of marriage is as someone signing a piece of paper and having a ring on there finger . 
  to me a marriage is two people being brought together in a holy ceremony and united in an eternal bond before god so that they can raise a faithful family . 
  literally all i want is for them to stop calling it something its not . 
  yes i do , i was using church as a broader term . 
  i have n't downvoted you , i do n't see how any harm can come to them because they ca n't use the word marriage , if you think it 's `` just a word '' then i do n't see why you would have a problem with them not being allowed to use it . 
  it 's not like it hurts them , like i said , ask for a civil union , fine , a marriage , no . 
  this is a thread about marriage not , unions , i think you need to calm down . 
  pretty much just the word because i do n't think it 's a `` true marriage '' if it 's outside the church , if they called it a civil union or something i would n't care . 
  legit , i saw the filter once when trying to get on 4chan , clicked no , have n't had a problem since . 
  biggest peak in the south lol, 
  the faroe islands seems really nice , very beautiful and full of culture , i 'd like to go there someday and see the grind before it dies out . 
  new zealand also , it 's like wales but the mountains are bigger and there 's more sheep . 
  canada also because i like snow . 
  seems a bit messed up when they represent the views of some swedes . 
  they normally start to move away once i say it honestly . 
  why is sd not involved in negotiating ? 
  you have to start with ` hello ' . 
  you cant elect anyone who has any actual legislative power , you can only elect the lower house . 
  donald tusk for instance cant be removed by the electorate , even though he is the head of the entire thing . 
  why would you want to leave the whip of london for that of brussels ? 
  the eu does n't have a good record of it 's treatment of small countries ( ie greece ) , plus they 'll force the euro on you and such . 
  europhilia is so weird , how can you be a nationalist to what is basically a trade union ? 
  i feel like it 's bordering on white nationalism too , wanting a unified european state . 
  why have you not included plaid cymru or wales in your post ? 
  you 're pathetic . 
  the fucking latvians, 
  a slowing down of mass immigration would n't have been unreasonable , and is a popular demand throughout europe . 
  it 's the least the germans could do . 
  move forward where ? 
  this is n't great for britain or the eu . 
  and to think all this could have been avoided if the bureaucrats were n't so stubborn about immigration . 
  fixing that single issue would probably have seen britain remain . 
  he 's making up an argument to try and influence people and push an agenda . 
  this is how it works ; 1 . 
  a few people called breivik mentally ill 2 . 
  that must mean muslim terrorists are also mentally ill 3 . 
  hoped for outcome : you are not allowed to blame islam for islamic terrorist attacks . 
  do you find it easier to win arguments when you make them up ? 
  how does history suggest i 'm wrong ? 
  please enlighten me , you 're so brave . 
  i 'm going to assume you just playing stupid . 
  your speculating about people feelings which you cant truly know just like me , but use your common sense for a moment , of course people are going to be worried about going into public when dozens of terrorist attacks have happened in the last few years . 
  let me list it for you : * this is a confirmed terrorist attack , the most common form by a wide margin is islamic terrorism . 
  * the style of attack , running people over with a car , has been recommended by is and aq , and their supporters have used this style of attack before . 
  * the ira has n't been active for almost 20 years , and they have never used this style of attack . 
  the police have confirmed that it was a terror attack , these are n't eye witness accounts . 
  what about all the incidents where people were right ? 
  like nice , like paris ? 
  yes it will , no chance i 'm going to london or any major european city any time soon . 
  a lot of people will be scared to walk the streets after this . 
  we can pretend to be stoic about it , but people will of course be worried by this . 
  the fact is that this is another muslim terror attack . 
  that 's what i though , for some reason the eu has to be free of any criticism . 
  saying something stupid next to my comment so that people think my comment is stupid by association . 
  if we do n't leave within a decade the existing ones will remain . 
  can we ignore the results and have another one in 4 years time if it happens ? 
  good interview , it makes me laugh that people refer to the fn as far right when in fact , francois fillon for instance is a lot more right wing than le pen . 
  the point still stands , even if they leave the uk now , they still wo n't be able to join the eu . 
  not exactly the same thing is it ... 
  same , only because there is no one better though lol, 
  that 's how it is , i have never understood these posts . 
  i was registered by default . 
  people expressing opinions i disagree with = obviously neo nazis . 
  stop playing the victim . 
  and no body cares . 
  what makes you feel european specifically though ? 
  just being caucasian ? 
  i feel welsh , and british , but not particularly european . 
  what makes you feel `` proudly european '' ? 
  for the eu , not europe .
