  give her a break . 
  and how did that end last time , exactly ? 
  `` the eurovision war '' would be a great title , though . 
  i voted for iceland , finland , switzerland , greece , and france . 
  that 's 25 kr ( $ 3 ) gone . 
  eurovision : st. peter 's square 2016, 
  ode to joy . 
  i * voted * for them ... 
  i think if uk wins this year , everyone in britain will piss themselves . 
  partly from the sheer shock of victory , mostly because of the quantity of alcohol consumed across the country . 
  naaah , they asked for it . 
  fuck it , i 'm voting for greece . 
  now he 's gon na have to clean all that shit up . 
  how awkward did that sound on bbc ? 
  hippie song or trying-too-hard-to-be-a-hippie song ? 
  uk last . 
  that might actually help them out . 
  netherlands , you must try harder . 
  that afro . 
  per . 
  denmark telling europe `` once is enough , thank you . '', 
  clever flag design . 
  but why not out of legos ? 
  `` thank you , europe ! '', 
  drink . 
  malta 's act looks like a high school band reunion . 
  i have a depressing amount of songs in the bottom points of my system . 
  switzerland : awesome . 
  i missed switzerland , did i ? 
  damn . 
  another piano ballad . 
  hurrah . 
  lordi : reloaded ? 
  finland has my vote . 
  them and switzerland . 
  yeeeah, 
  finland next . 
  c'mon , awesome time !, 
  everyone , finish your drink !, 
  you did . 
  no matter , you 'll get to hear it again later tonight - they always repeat the winning song . 
  how to get around having an awkward shield thing in your flag , slovenia style . 
  might as well be in latin . 
  plot twist : italy competes next year with a latin song . 
  they win . 
  that is * such * a stereotypical way to make an italian flag . 
  i have finished 200g of chocolate and all of my popcorn . 
  and now i feel the shame after i realized that that was supposed to last me the entire night - and even * that * is unhealthy . 
  france has n't won since , like , the 70s , right ? 
  what do you think those french singers think ? 
  i liked the stage in helsinki . 
  that weird x-wing like structure was just begging to be climbed on . 
  i know , i saw that here too . 
  just making a joke on the note . 
  sweden . 
  all i can say is ; lycka till !, 
  * what did you say ? 
  that 's an awesome flag intro . 
  edit : germans , where can one get some of that candy ? 
  how about putting this over the title sequence to `` from ** russia ** with love '' ? 
  that 's all from me . 
  move along ... 
  you just lost eurovision . 
  rule # 1 states that you must listen to every act . 
  greece , once again saying `` hi , we ca n't afford to host next year , so here 's something completely ridiculous . '', 
  she 's just washing clothes . 
  poland . 
  which is totally not suggestive in any way whatsoever . 
  hey , why is it called euro * vision * if it 's supposed to be mostly about sound/music ? 
  i hear your song is rad as fuck . 
  eagerly awaiting . 
  montenegro has a skater . 
  i think the last eurovision act to have skates actually * won * the contest ( russia , 2008 ) . 
  montenegro . 
  must remain positive , it 's their first final !, 
  eee !, 
  slightly more upbeat now . 
  and ooh , pretty lights !, 
  armenia . 
  predictions : symbolism . 
  lots of symbolism . 
  romania made it to the final . 
  \u266b it 's a miracleeeeeee \u266a, 
  pollap\u00f6nk , icelandic for `` punk for children '' . 
  ( allegedly . ), 
  that piano is quite a novelty item . 
  oh , right , eurovision . 
  not an auction show . 
  oh god no please we 're not like this normally really plz do n't give us a bad rap thank you, 
  which job is he better at ? 
  a member of the icelandic parliament is on stage tonight , says nrk commentator olav viksmo-slettan . 
  to me , it 's a big achievement if all the nordics qualify for the final . 
  i 'm rooting for finland and switzerland this year . 
  though my opinion seems somewhat unpopular among the rest of the fans . 
  they 're very bulgarian . 
  as is the sk\u00e5ne dialect from danish . 
  i find that dialect fun to listen to : you 've got the skarre-r and potato-throat ( norwegians joke about the fact that danes are just speaking norwegian , but with a potato stuck in their throat ) from danish mixed with the still somewhat nasal sounds ( although , as / u/pinkar _ i_motvind pointed out , that is mostly specific to stockholm and the area around there ) and other typical swedish traits in other places . 
  actually , that can describe some norwegian dialects , too . 
  i 'm not really sure what i meant . 
  i was tired when i wrote that .
