  i had a really nice time in budapest last year . 
  was made to feel very welcome . 
  referring from personal observations , sikhs usually integrate quickly and successfully . 
  one of my friends is sikh , and both he and his father voted to leave in the hope that the uk would shift its focus from the eu and to the commonwealth . 
  my best friend 's father is a gp from [ saint lucia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saint_lucia ) ( and his mother is from sweden ) . 
  he voted to leave simply because he experiences racism from european migrants on such a frequent basis that he no-longer enjoys his job . 
  his son , my friend , voted for similar reasons . 
  my father 's friend , a gp from iran , voted to leave the eu as he found the freedom of movement for workers unfair . 
  his nephews have completed their doctorates of medicine in iran , and are all in the process of migrating to the uk . 
  they 're encountering delay-after-delay , whilst unskilled workers from within the eu can breeze into the country with ease . 
  these are but a few of the reasons why brexit and ukip had/have strong support from non-european migrants and their families . 
  of course immigrants fight amongst themselves . 
  my borough has a high concentration of migrant workers from central and eastern europe , and violent clashes between latvian , lithuanian , polish and russian gangs are a weekly occurrence . 
  last week two lithuanians ( a man and a woman in their 20s ) were stabbed ( both survived ) by a russian drug dealer . 
  perhaps six weeks before that , a polish man beat a romanian unconscious with a length of rebar ( the romanian was rumoured to have owed him # 200 ) . 
  these incidents are often related to the drugs trade , but prostitution and money lending comes into the equation . 
  what tea would you want ? 
  green ? 
  black ? 
  white ? 
  ** `` excuse me , waitress . 
  there 's hair in my tea '' . 
  `` i see , sir . 
  i think it 's yours '' . 
  well , good for our domestic tourism industry . 
  why would we discriminate against citizens of eastern european countries in favour of western european countries ? 
  they all have money to spend . 
  why not ? 
  do n't you ? 
  free running shoes for paraplegics , i say !, 
  this suggestion is justifiably open to ridicule on practically every conceivable level . 
  i doubt that a woman conservative enough to gladly clothe herself in a burqa would : a ) wish to serve in a police force . 
  b ) receive permission from her household and immediate religious community to serve in a police force . 
  your wording implies that she 'd be considered attractive here but not elsewhere . 
  ungentlemanly it may be , but she 's decidedly average . 
  which british marques manufacture substandard vehicles ? 
  rolls-royce and bentley , both subsidiaries of german companies , are famed for their build quality , design , engineering and luxury . 
  jaguar and land rover , both subsidiaries of an indian company , both manufacture some of the most desirable entry-level to medium luxury vehicles in the world . 
  jaguar 's current range performs better than any german company when reliability and owner-satisfaction are taken into account . 
  i could mention aston martin , the innovative mclaren , and lotus . 
  i nearly forgot mini , too . 
  i like german cars . 
  i own one . 
  i think it 's totally unfair to label our cars as ` garbage ' , however . 
  we 'd all best look for our gum-shields . 
  do n't go away , this is going to be a brutal fight . 
  wrong . 
  russia needs a strong eu buffer state to protect it from the uk . 
  unless your swiss army knife features a locking blade , or you use your swiss army knife ` in a threatening way ' , you 're not breaking the law by carrying it in public . 
  [ knife carrying laws . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/buying-carrying-knives ), 
  the sunderland plant supplies 130 markets . 
  exports to china and russia tanked last year , but those to japan and the usa grew . 
  of the 500,238 manufactured in the uk , 123,141 were sold in the uk and approximately 250,000 were sold in the eu27 . 
  why would i express any surprise ? 
  i 'm 23 , polish migrants have been arriving en masse since i was 10 , and these incidents have been the norm ever since . 
  i 'd be more surprised if these incidents suddenly stopped . 
  these attacks have been going on for years . 
  they 're not going to magically stop overnight . 
  the polish government is justified in voicing its concern for the safety of its citizens residing in the uk . 
  i would also urge them to ask their citizens to act with more decorum when in the presence of our non-white ethnic minorities . 
  i have friends of persian , punjab and saint lucian descent who frequently suffer from racist attacks perpetrated by polish migrants . 
  ha ha ha !, 
  if ever anybody wished to put a face to the eu , izzard was certainly the * person * to provide it . 
  i have yet to communicate my opinion on the matter . 
  the comment you replied to was intended for the romanian lady/gentleman , as they had misinterpreted an earlier comment . 
  i interpreted the comment differently . 
  the commenter expressed their amusement at the polish government voicing concern over alleged racist attacks in the uk whilst they have yet to put their house in order in that regard . 
  make of it what you will . 
  had we , our guts would have been well and truly strewn across central and western europe like confetti . 
  this is easier said than done when such people are so few and far between . 
  with the exception of the protesters i encountered in london shortly after the eu membership referendum , i 've never met any brit who identifies themselves as european . 
  they 're a penny a dozen on the continent , but they 're certainly not here . 
  i am afraid i do not possess the best memory , though i believe i can say with a high degree of confidence that i have never seen a woman wearing a burqa here in the uk . 
  i do occasionally see women wearing headscarves which do not conceal their faces , but never have i seen anybody wearing this more conservative piece of clothing . 
  as such , from my perspective a ban would serve very little purpose . 
  * triggered *, 
  i occasionally browse through the results of yougov surveys , ha ha ha . 
  i could not translate the title of the video you posted very well . 
  i take it the drunken man was english and entering premises without invitation . 
  surely he 'd done more than this to warrant the media coverage ? 
  there are people who will deliberately try to make you feel uncomfortable , although as stated by another person who replied to your comment , they 're by far in the minority . 
  could those people also have been innocently ` pulling your leg ' or ` taking the piss ' ? 
  these playful exchanges are an integral part of the english sense of humour . 
  they 'll say something very unpleasant to you , joking of course , expecting you to respond in kind . 
  sometimes , when done right , these insult hurling matches are like a game of tennis . 
  you hit an insult at them , they return it etc. 
  until somebody stuns the other with an unanswerable witty retort . 
  i do sometimes feel that people from elsewhere can misconstrue this as out and out rudeness and hostility . 
  it 's unfortunate you feel that way . 
  hopefully you 'll have a more pleasurable experience if you ever decide to visit again . 
  i only have one romanian acquaintance , though i 'm pleased to say they 're finding life in the uk most agreeable . 
  their initial intention was to work here for between 12 - 18 months so as to afford a larger home , but found many aspects of british life , not only higher salaries , to their liking , so now plan to settle here permanently . 
  credit where it 's due , they made a massive effort to integrate , and now they 're reaping the fruits of their labour . 
  owing to the outcome of the recent referendum , they 're considering applying for british citizenship . 
  i 'm willing to forgive and forget . 
  roast beef is the continental 's kryptonite . 
  now that you 've let the cat out of the bag , we might as well abandon this charade and admit that we are indeed super-human . 
  farewell dear friend . 
  i do hope our foreign secretary , boris johnson , studied this map thoroughly before accepting the post offered to him .
