  yes . 
  stick this upvote in your pipe and smoke it . 
  ah , stereotypes . 
  ~ * downs an eight pack of cheap import lager , dons a tracksuit and eats some battered fish before physically assaulting the first polish migrant he happens upon * . ~, 
  that sums me up pretty well tbh . 
  as the son of a gibraltan , with family still residing in the territory , i can assure you that the prospect of shared sovereignty is roughly as popular as involuntary euthanasia . 
  ` hard brexit ' or not , nobody wants to be spanish . 
  we 've got a winner . 
  do the people of london , n.ireland and scotland give a castlemaine xxxx about rural englanders ? 
  i had forgotten those . 
  it 's worth noting they were n't authorised ` vote leave ' posters , but that does n't make them any less pathetic . 
  whether they were erected by brexiteers who genuinely thought the message was appropriate , or remainers hoping to vilify the campaign , i do n't know . 
  no , the 4x4 model * is * very good . 
  i hired one for a fortnight and was stunned by how capable it was off-road . 
  i like the utilitarian design , too . 
  they eat poodles too !, 
  i believe the invocation of article 50 is a certainty rather than a probability . 
  as of yet we 've not been provided with a timeframe , though demand for rescinding our membership of the eu has hardly been greater . 
  following the referendum , ukip has haemorrhaged support , much to the advantage of the conservatives . 
  however , this lost ground will easily be recaptured if the conservatives retract their pledge to deliver what was asked of them by the majority of the electorate . 
  whilst labour may be in turmoil , the conservatives will doubtless behave in the manner necessary to avoid a similar crisis , meaning they 'll have to make good their word . 
  i 'm not sure if i 'd go quite that far , but a lot of them are very nice indeed . 
  imagine a diagonal line running from liverpool , on the west coast , to newcastle , on the east coast . 
  aside from the occasional ` wurzel ' in the southwest , i can not think of a single regional accent south of that line which would be difficult to interpret . 
  back when i was in secondary school , i dated a girl who had moved to my area from liverpool with her parents . 
  her accent was fairly weak , though her mother 's made it difficult to follow what she was saying from time-to-time . 
  i struggle most with harsh ` geordie ' ( newcastle ) accents . 
  newcastle is less than 150mi north of where i was born and raised , but the accent sometimes means that i might as well be speaking with somebody from timbuktu . 
  at the time of the scottish referendum , i was working in glasgow and had been teamed up with a guy from newcastle . 
  at first i thought he was taking the piss , but his accent was so strong that i could perhaps only understand 50 % - 60 % of what he was saying . 
  i was only in the city for six days , but i had to stop him perhaps four or five times each day on average and get him to jot down what he was saying so i could actually understand it , which pissed him off . 
  the office was , as you can imagine , was largely staffed by scots , and they could n't understand a word he said either . 
  as is always the case . 
  haggis is widely considered to be a scottish dish , but it was first documented in england . 
  that 'll rattle the tartan army . 
  on saint patrick 's day that figure goes up to 101 % . 
  it was said in jest , bud . 
  you irish have no idea how well liked you are here in gb . 
   germany is great and all but they 're not the closest european country to the us . 
  neither is ireland . 
  the dutch have caribbean municipalities , the french have caribbean departments , and the portuguese have the azores region . 
   they did n't practically build america . 
  ` german-americans ' are the largest ancestry group in the usa . 
   they never had a us president . 
  does eisenhower count ? 
  i 'm grasping at straws here , and he was of partial irish descent . 
  i 'll light a candle for you . 
   it seems this has become the textbook response to any ( real or alleged ) xenophobic incident in the uk now . 
  i mean have they issued a manual where you get your answers from ? 
  i 'm impressed that you 've managed to work it out . 
  yes , a manual was distributed to every non-slavic person residing in the uk . 
  next you 'll be telling me that gangs of chavs shake my hand as i pass them by , scattering me with flower petals and confetti . 
  you 're deluded . 
  they 'll attack anyone , swear at anything , and they 're hated by everyone for it . 
  whether you 're called andrew or andrzej , there 's a chance you 'll get stoved in if you pass them at the wrong time . 
   the < 1 % number or may not be true , i would n't know , but what is funny is this `` logic '' is never applied when it comes to other groups of people like minorities or - gasp - refugees . 
  it 's only the proud natives that should not be tared with the same brush . 
  but are you a muslim ? 
  get deported out of europe you barbarian savage . 
  okay , i do n't actually disagree with that , though i do n't think i 've ever written anything contrary to this . 
  you ca n't set fire to what 's not there . 
  are you seriously likening the uk to a third-world country ? 
  tssk ... 
  i thought they were a proponent of human sacrifice for a split second , haha . 
   no more free movement of people , no sending troops to defend eastern europe . 
   we 're sick to the back teeth of the rest of you . 
  bloody hell . 
   i 've seen some of my very liberal , cosmopolitan , anglophilic friends to go from `` omg , the uk is the best country ever , it 's so cool , the british culture and people are so awesome '' to `` eh , wtf is wrong with the uk , do they just hate all of us ? '' . 
  to which the answer is a resounding no . 
  a lot of the attacks i 've read of were committed by gangs of adolescents . 
  they would most likely attack me and any other british person from outside of their social circle if they were in the wrong frame of mind . 
  i 'm in my early 20s , 1.94 m tall and fairly well built . 
  that did n't stop me from getting conkers hurled at me by a group of kids in a rough area of lincoln last weekend . 
  these people are typically from very low-income backgrounds , and are therefore likely to live within close proximity of low-skilled migrant workers . 
  all i can say is ... sorry , and please do n't tar us all with the same brush because of the actions of < 1 % . 
  did n't you vote to leave the eu , or am i mistaking you for somebody else ? 
  til that if iceland ( supermarket ) was a city in iceland ( country ) , and its employees were its residents , it would be iceland 's ( country ) fourth largest settlement . 
  i always confuse telford for london , too . 
  i voted to leave , though i find this attitude just as amusing as you . 
  it 's worth remembering that ` our man ' , david davis , is just as hostile to the opposition as barnier , and deserving of his nickname `` monsieur non '' . 
  how can anybody possibly downvote this ? 
  every aspect of what i 've just read/watched is hilarious !, 
  but the uk is filled with both of those . 
  in fact , most of our booze and hookers come from europe . 
  hey , that 's jeremy corbyn 's submission . 
  please grow up . 
  i 'm 23 and a fortnight ago i walked along the confectionary aisle of a supermarket for the first time in perhaps eight years . 
  you can now buy 1kg bags of m&m chocolates . 
  when i was a kid , most bags of chocolate/sweets were 75g-100g . 
  it 's no wonder there are so many fat-arses around these days . 
  juncker recently stated that a european military force would complement rather than replace nato . 
  however , the existence of such a force * could * ultimately render such an alliance purposeless . 
  i would imagine that the uk will take all possible steps to minimise any potential threat to the future and wellbeing of the alliance . 
  road surfaces in rural areas of the uk are so poorly maintained that volvo offer their customers a ` uk spec ' performance package . 
  this includes reinforced suspension and tyres . 
  approximately 80 % ( $ 18.5 trillion ) of gold is traded in london . 
  of that , $ 6 + trillion is transferred physically between vaults in the city . 
  upvotes for grandma !, 
  filthy garlic-munching europhiles use the pound . 
  hard brexiters use our true currency , the [ sovereign ] ( http://www.royalmint.com/our-coins/ranges/sovereign ) .
