there was a castle called ratgoz near their borders , which over a few changes in pronunciation became rakousko and went from name for the castle 's surroundings to a name for the whole country . 
  czech republic is over 30 only because people here know slovak language . 
  czech republic is a republic afaik . 
  when people talk about black people here , they mean gypsies most of the time . 
  maybe it 's not correct , but that 's how it is . 
  i understand the negativity toward black ( gypsies ) and muslim people here , good old xenophobic czechia . 
  but i 'm really surprised by the negativity towards both vietnamese and jewish people . 
  vietnamese people are part of our society for decades , they are usually known as hard working and pretty much everyone is in regular contact with them in their shops . 
  i know many mixed couples and everyone here is fine with them . 
  and jewish people are pretty much not known here . 
  people usually only know them from some jokes . 
  i do n't understand that statistic at all , they are n't a much visible part of out society here , so there 's no reason to hate on them imo . 
  are you trying to troll or actually ca n't read ? 
  u wot, 
   yeah because a reddit account should reflect what you are in real life . 
  you are pretty pathetic if you think that . 
  * brags about his karma as if it was sign of power just one comment above *, 
  something like stanley parable ? 
  same here , pretty much everyone i know got the message as well . 
  * you are now a moderator of / r/pyongyang *, 
  german tourists , i do n't know what it is about them , but they 're always extremely obvious . 
  alza , fuck that green squeaky little shit . 
  but i 'll always remember it . 
  this is * the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog * of czech republic btw . 
  also seemingly random small areas around many bigger cities . 
  for example liberec , there 's a small hill whose residents are probably wealthier than rest of the city . 
  no one who is n't from that part of the city even knows about it . 
  ( which i guess is the point ), 
  from what i saw ( i 'm 19 ) they went super popular among young people , but most of them were into it only for a while . 
  now they 're pretty rare in our school . 
  ( the building used to be pretty much a hot box few months ago tho ), 
  went super popular around last winter and the hype quickly faded away even faster . 
  some people still use them , but most just tried it and stopped after a few weeks and went back to cigarettes/nothing . 
  there are some stands in shopping centers with them , but definitely not a big business . 
  tip : do n't tell people in czech republic that you are visiting easter europe . 
  they 'll remind you with passion that we are central . 
  i 'm surprised czech republic is n't first . 
  visiting croatia is kind of a running joke here . 
  also all the \u0160kodas you guys drive , that was surprising . 
  germany, 
  phew that sounded a bit cocky at times . 
  ( easy ofc , cuz i 'm a grammar school student ), 
  that depends on your bank tho . 
  cheap beer and good bike paths, 
  that 's the only one tho , except family ofc . 
  spot on !, 
  cool !, 
  no i would n't say so , but he 's probably one of the most known czechs outside of our country . 
  but pretty much everyone knows who he is and likes him . 
  fire drill - get out and let the teachers count you , class by class . 
  they always told us to go as fast as possible . 
  most people were n't willing to stay in their slippers and shirts in -5 \u00b0 c tho . 
  so they usually packed their phones , went to getting their shoes and jackets , some also went to buy some snack . 
  we 're just lucky there are no fires in our schools . 
  bigger cars , but with the small european engines . 
  so that 's how we ended up with 1.0 suv . 
  yeah it does n't make any sense to have it , but i do n't complain , cheaper electronics are always welcome . 
  * is a bit of more actual imo, 
  mechatronics , because i 'm interested in the whole thing . 
  it seems like a good field to understand considering the technology used today . 
  also because i 'm studying technical high school ( industrial use of plastic materials ) which is pretty good start for studies like that . 
  per month , but it 's taboo to ask about someone 's salary here . 
  bubblegum is also pure gold . 
  and all the drunk stuff . 
  yeaaaah this will probably sound racist for most of reddit . 
  but no one here would be happy if his new neighbors were gypsies , nuff said . 
  jarda j\u00e1gr is praised more than god here . 
  ( not like that 's rare in this country , but still ), 
  * i guess they could understand this . 
  no ads , worth it imo . 
  0.3 or 0.5 l 15 - 30czk, 
  english , materials ( plastics ) , economy, 
  kolatches , i think i saw this world in a thread about some czech caf\u00e9 in southern us . 
  which ofc comes from our kol\u00e1\u010de / kol\u00e1\u010dky . 
  and paprika . 
  only mentally ill people tried that with me . 
  ( liberec here btw ) just a smile and `` hey '' will make their day , no small talk here . 
  and if you try to whip some girl after noon , you will end up with a bucket full of cold water on your head . 
  pretty good . 
  buses drive often and are in quite a good state . 
  and also quite cheap . 
  then we have trains . 
  think about the smallest village you can imagine . 
  there would be a train stop in there in czech republic . 
  you can get anywhere by train . 
  i think we have the densest rail site in the world . 
  he has an army behind him . 
  defenestration - the act of throwing someone out the window . 
  wiki - the term was coined around the time of an incident in prague castle in the year 1618 . 
  this was done in `` good bohemian style '' and referred to the defenestration which had occurred in the same city 's city hall almost 200 years earlier, 
  i saw a video by some czech truck drivers with refugees beating on their doors and doors of the truck in front of them . 
  that looked pretty scary . 
  almost all czech surnames have a version for women . 
  you make it by adding * - ov\u00e1 * ( usually ) or * - \u00e1 * after the `` default '' version . 
  i 'd be okay with all of these . 
  do n't worry about it too much . 
  czech republic would be quite cheap for someone from west . 
  and there are tons of beautiful cities , sights and women . 
  planetside 2 although it has a lot of flaws , there is no game like it . 
  it 's the only game that i really enjoy playing even after few years .
