  a rare exception . 
  you can find them sometimes in the wild . 
  really ? 
  monaco ? 
  i thought they get lots of visitors ? 
  the netherlands, 
  i like it . 
  its evil . 
  we do . 
  it 's only called `` soft '' power . 
  europe has pretty big influence with soft power . 
  with al the things he has said , you ca n't take him seriously anymore . 
  which is dangerous because you ca n't say when he is actually serious . 
  man 2016 is definitely a year with a lot of events . 
  on every map like this : weed , gras and pot . 
  nice foreign secretary you have there , building up the relations . 
  like wallets ? 
  and amsterdam is now in the wieringermeer !, 
  it already is . 
  only it 's within the eu . 
  yeah scotland wants out too probably . 
  the only reason they stayed within the uk was because of the eu membership . 
  nice . 
  this is insane . 
  with such a person as head of state you would have thought the turkish people would have done something about it ... 
  agreed . 
  they cut their money and snort it in lines with a $ 500 bill . 
  damn right we do , but all that water in germany eventually ends up here ... 
  alright , sounds good to me . 
  flying under the radar eh ? 
  well not that 's hard for us . 
  yeah oranje ! ^ i ^ am ^ still ^ sad . 
  better put a extra lock on your bike then . 
  wagnum , the netherlands it 's wognum , i live near it . 
  we would sell pott and blame belgium when we get caught . 
  michiel adriaenszoon de ruyter , the most famous and one of the most skilled admirals in dutch history is born today . 
  i think economic sanctions could be useful means by now . 
  that 's what he most afraid of . 
  yep , i voted for europe last week however we need to stabilize before welcoming new member states . 
  the distance between them is almost the same too . 
  yeah we will remain . 
  first time i voted for d66 . 
  more europe . 
  well , that 's is something we could see coming . 
  [ this is just the start , doggerland ] ( https://imgur.com/rmov3qp ), 
  god i have an eu boner now . 
  my man . 
  yeah just the way they like it wrestling with men and lots of oil . 
  nice and greasy . 
  hahaha yeah no . 
  we finally do n't bow to erdogan . 
  feels pretty good . 
  the irony . 
  never , at least that i know of . 
  do n't worry we wo n't . 
  even if he becomes the biggest party you need a coalition to form a government . 
  and all the other parties do n't want to work with him . 
  says the guy who bought oil from is . 
  triggered , time to pick up the pitchforks and rebel again . 
  ah the voc mentaliteit . 
  i would sign for that , we all have the same kind of mind set . 
  i am not , that is how it should be . 
  yep hes always been one of the greater backers for a federal europe . 
  the interviewer should have done his homework . 
  and the netherlands as well . 
  she is really trying to go hard-line on brexit . 
  til, 
  even if he becomes the biggest party he will never become part of the government . 
  we have a lot of political parties and you need a coalition to reach a majority . 
  and all of the other parties have said that they will never work with him . 
  so that 's covered . 
  good going estonia !, 
  a list where e ( e ) sti is above the nordic . 
  probably both , which make it even more terrifying . 
  ataturk is turning in his grave . 
  [ here is northern and western europe ] ( http://imgur.com/a/im5gk ) . 
   ancilla van de leest [ here ] ( http://fc01.deviantart.net/fs71/i/2012/311/7/7/adi_lounge_by_ancillatilia-d5kcfpu.jpg ), 
   whores and weed or the rest of the world . 
  holy shit . 
  nonetheless a great picture . 
  you can have this one m8 . 
  everyone heads to australia . 
  ha , suck it finland !, 
  i like the way you think . 
  it is just a blank spot on the map . 
  if you listen to portuguese you will understand . 
  the second one in three weeks . 
  maybe a bit more training on landing is required . 
  by now they are like the the dinklebergs from fairly odd parents . 
   we are the dutch . 
  either things will be completely fine and nothing happens because we 've over engineered our infrastructure , or it goes horribly wrong and thousands die . 
  do n't say that out loud , 2016 has been a odd year so far . 
  nice save . 
  that would be sweden, 
  this guy is onto something lads , let 's get some funding from the government to `` study '' this . 
  yep , mostly it is . 
  you ca n't really find nature here except the waddenzee and the veluwe . 
  every little bit of land has a planned purpose . 
  well , not exactly a suprise but still kinda sad . 
  our forests are a joke .
