  we have the largest natural gas field in europe . 
  oh god , a yolo user . . that makes it even worse . 
  why are the netherlands orange ? 
  come visit us on kingsday . 
  then you will understand . 
  and of course our royal family is of `` orange '' . 
  dutch : michiel de ruyter hands down our national hero . 
  dutch admiral during the angelon-dutch wars , and the commanding officer of the `` raid on medway '' . 
  leave it to us . 
  but we do want a big port in return though . 
  pick the one with the biggest amount of karma , he/she knows how reddit thinks . 
  nope ikea 's headquarters is in the netherlands . 
  his [ reaction ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/2yzk7.gif ) . 
  i have the feeling things are getting better , people are looking more postive at the future and spend more . 
  but that ofcourse depends on where you live . 
  i ca n't even imagine how daily life in , for example greece , is affected by the crisis . 
  nooooooo dont hurt the cheese !, 
  we will take care of the yellow fellow . 
  i have been to sunny beach . 
  does that count ? 
  pretty insane to see it slowly banking to the right , turning and finally collapsing . 
  it is almost like slowmotion . 
  [ de woonboot ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptljmq7r5ng ) . 
  i thought the potato was the universe of latvia . 
  yeah til . 
  very surprising that they dropped cluster bombs . 
  the netherlands is drink a whole lot of beer , is chatting with everyone . 
  at the end he is drinking the stronger stuff and tries to hit on estland . 
   a man got injured on the a73 highway after he presumably abused an underaged girl . 
  the family and friends of the girl followed the man , drove him to a stand-still on the highway and beat the shit out of him . 
  i missed this , have you more info ? 
  are there still many people living in donetsk ? 
  that random shelling must be terrifying if you live there . 
  every map shows belgium divided , flanders should just join us . 
  willy is love willy is life . 
  yeah amsterdam centraal is pretty great for a station . 
  mountains are from fairytales , everyone knows that . 
  nice touch . 
  maybe he should ask the huns how to attack rome , they have experience . 
  good for business . 
  so anyone want some xtc ? 
  settle down there , we all know what happened the last time you wanted more space to live in . 
  but did n't france and germany ignore the 3 % rule ? 
  in general i agree that the commission has some authority how ever the whole financial set up of rules and regulations needs to evolve to support the monetary union we have now . 
  greece wanted the impossible with the original loans . 
  but this problem lies within europe as a whole entity , there has to come a governing body that keeps the spending of countries in check , otherwise the problem could rise again . 
  looks very sleak i like it , good job !, 
  you ruined it with top gear . 
  sorry to hear that . 
  just a bit of advice for the next time you are in the netherlands . 
  there so much more beyond amsterdam . 
  what was n't fun in amsterdam ? 
  i am curious . 
  so was hitler . 
  yeah me too , despite all the drama fixed on other mods the other guys had it pretty rough too . 
  yeah i noticed it too , we now know enough on how things are going to be . 
  so a controversial powermod eh ? 
  are there any ways to cleans them from this sub ? 
  what on earth are the moderators doing ? 
  adding these people will produce a huge shitstorm . 
  and if i am not mistaken , so did we . 
  yeah , i never forgive the asshole trembling on the one minute of silence for nelson mandela . 
  hands down i would say . 
  mmm yeah , well we can always put a lot them in flevoland , or groningen , nobody lives there anyway . 
  ah yeah windmills , we know q thing or two about them . 
  thank you . 
  so what is the background story of this incident ? 
  they did n't know what to do because neutral . 
  even when you want to try and learn dutch . 
  so what is the general view ? 
  you hear a lot of the sterotype but i am curious about what they really think of us . 
  alkmaar city center . 
  all countries have their dark side , i mean look at us colonization and slave trade on a large scale , but we know and recognize this dark period . 
  so why ca n't turkey and move on ? 
  yeah , we like to be different . 
  that figure might have changed in france by now ... 
  being 5 ' 9 here sucks . 
  going out ? 
  nope most woman are taller than me . 
  i doubt there will be a show in the first place . 
  all three presenters agreed that if one of them quits or gets sacked they all stop . 
  and to be honest what is top gear without jezza ? 
  if you join us you have king willy !, 
  we all know what you did in congo , so that would not be good idea . 
  ah the `` welcome to netherlands where we all speak english even if you want to learn dutch '', 
  how many languages do you speak ? 
  i live in the middle of westfriesland and it 's more . 
  lots more . 
  the pilots of i am correct . 
  11 years already ? 
  i was 12 at the time but i remember it clearly when the report came on the news . 
  yeah we know . 
  kroketten, 
  and very subtle nudge . 
  except with football . 
  poo , poo everywhere . 
  that sounds so much better . 
  they should makes something like the benelux . 
  it has worked for us . 
  she is a immortal lord , i think she will know at least another one .
