  al little bit like their ` world series '' . 
  that would be my life 's achievement . 
  hey turkish government , look at your own problems first before trying to mess with a other countries democracy . 
  thank you . 
  that 's what i get when you bomb a country . 
  it 's ridiculous , now erdogan knows he gets what he wants and becomes more confident of his position . 
  not very relevant . 
  this is the centre of brussels . 
  edit : reports are coming there are multiple locations where attacks have happened . 
  even we think so . 
  that 's say 's enough . 
  fuck , you guys are having a rough time lately . 
  this is not a ukraine referendum but more a `` message about europe '' referendum . 
  i ca n't deny that , the situation is very hypocrite . 
  i do n't know what to say about this . 
  you want to throw out a founding member of the eu , the biggest port of europe , the world 's second-largest exporter of food and agricultural products and one of the driving forces behind the eu itself . 
  yeah , sounds about something i have . 
  we even get extra discount on e bikes . 
  david attenborough : and here we see a wild italian visiting the lush lands of slovenia and seeking refreshment in a river . 
  they are trying to make it more attractive to go the `` black '' schools by making the facilities and schools better . 
  it has been going on for a while but the rate is going up . 
  they are trying to fight it but it is a losing fight atm . 
  ah the old erdogan showing his colors again . 
  mafkees . 
  yeah but only for ancient larger forests , which we no longer have . 
  worse , in our case probably . 
  if this article goes mainstream then yes . 
  i think this article will create quiete a stir . 
  it is so unreal . 
  this is a lot more scarier than asylum seekers ... for fucks sake what do they think they are doing ? 
  / r/europe meetup 1 sep 1939 00:00 ( 3 ) 06:06 hehehe that one is mine . 
  agreed . 
  at the same time we can steal all the oil from norway . 
  we can always make more land . 
  no snow , just very cold weather so we can have an elfstedentocht !, 
  instead of holland do you also have the hungarian equivalent of the netherlands ? 
  a new color like '' polder green '', 
  although he says some good things , the criticism on how a mayor of city in another country should act is not necessary . 
  he should look at the problems here in the netherland first . 
  it seems you need some help over there . 
  let 's build some deltaworks . 
  yep we sent tullips , for the [ canadian tulip festival ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canadian_tulip_festival ) . 
  damn savages . 
  nope that is [ sinterklaas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saint_nicholas ) . 
  i would n't say that that santa claus/kerstman is the same as sinterklaas . 
  their origin stories are completely different and the kerstman is nowhere near as popular as sinterklaas is . 
  not friesland it 's west-friesland , which is part of north holland . 
  the dutch struggle for independence , including the golden age and rampjaar . 
  well to be fair volcano 's make new land . 
  breaking news !, 
  : irish engineers solve energy problem . 
  first the australians mistake our flag for the french and now the turks with the russian one ? 
  it is not that hard is n't it ? 
  the only reason why he should have kept alive is to get information about more terrorist cels . 
  other than that good riddance fucking twat . 
  do n't touch our football you twats . 
  you will be sorry . 
  good , facebook needs to learn their boundaries . 
  you spelled erebor wrong . 
  ahh good times , good times . 
  it gave me goosebumbs and made me feel european . 
  i have the meet up at 6 past 6 am 1 september 1939 . 
  so wan na hang out ? 
  greece is a beautiful country is n't it . 
  teaching english to a brit . 
  nice . 
  biased country like the netherlands . 
  yeah right . 
  so they fled to europe because of the violence and what are they doing here ? 
  fighting . 
  dutch xtc tends to be more powerful these days . 
  everything is upside down . 
  germany losing to ireland ( no offense ireland ) and we are probably not going to france . 
  whats going on ? 
  probably , i mean he has to have some common sense ? 
  you would have thought that they have seen enough fighting , but nooo . 
  it really feels like watching a tv show . 
  lots of drama, 
  febo is life . 
  damn , finland beats us once again . 
  guess which team is missing another european tournament ... 
  it 's a safeguard . 
  if we do n't qualify then we can say we did not want to play in a slavery country in the first place . 
  well they are prepared for the apocalypse at least . 
  2 to 5 meters deep so relatively shallow . 
  it 's almost all farmland and rather empty . 
  alright , now it is cheaper to build them we can go ahead and throw them all over flevoland . 
  that we smoke weed all the time . 
  we do n't we use xtc . 
  offensive yet polite , i like it . 
  pretty awesome , i remember topgear visiting a sub base on the krim a few years back , it looked like a bigger version of this . 
  and a happy cakeday / u/silence _ hr, 
  yeah they did n't really thought that one through did they ? 
  except suriname, 
  it screams ikea . 
  good for you it is n't swedish anymore otherwise it would be embarrassing . 
  could be a post from / r/apocalympics2016, 
  could work , however electric cars need to become cheaper if they want to turn this into a succes . 
  pretty interesting to read . 
  we should start hunting them and throw balls at them .
