  in the land of the free no less . 
  knowing full well that he 'd be tortured to shit until the day he died , with no chance of a fair trial . 
  it 's no wonder the us going to shit if people ca n't see what this is , or why we should n't support him . 
  he 's a rat who took a job at a security agency specifically to steal state secrets , then took those secrets and ran to hide under the coattails of our geopolitical rivals . 
  frankly , whether or not his punishment would be comfortable for him or not is irrelevant . 
  civil disobedience requires the protesting party to face the judgment of the court system and to accept the punishment of that system in order to prove that the punishment is unjust . 
  if you break the law and then avoid justice , you 're a coward and a rat . 
  there is nothing noble about the way mr. snowden has acted . 
  i do n't care whether prison would be * comfortable * for snowden . 
  the fact that he refuses to face justice at all means that he is not performing an act of civil disobedience . 
  he is a rat who broke a law and is now making a run for it . 
  civil disobedience means that you break a law that is unjust and take the punishment the legal system administers , in order to prove that the punishment is not just . 
  without accepting the punishment , you 're just breaking the law for no reason . 
  ellsberg turned himself in and said :  i felt that as an american citizen , as a responsible citizen , i could no longer cooperate in concealing this information from the american public . 
  i did this clearly at my own jeopardy and i am prepared to answer to all the consequences of this decision . 
  snowden , on the other hand , has * not * turned himself in , is * not * prepared to answer to all the consequences of his decision , and has been hiding under the coattails of our geopolitical rivals . 
  * nothing * he has done has indicated that he is a responsible whistleblower . 
  the usa is a federal state , not a federation of states . 
  most of the population devastation done to the native americans was done by plagues and epidemics , not deliberate eradication . 
  in this respect it was not substantially different from the peopling of eastern britain by the germanic tribes , because the roman/celtic population of eastern britain had been hugely lowered by plague . 
  after the euro-americans had established themselves , the wars against the indians were more about moving them ( off good land ) than about completely destroying them . 
  in that respect , it 's not a lot different from the expulsion of muslims that accompanied the reconquista . 
  moreover , large-scale ethnic cleansing of conquered peoples is almost literally as old as history . 
  the assyrians had a practice of resettling substantial portions of conquered peoples in the assyrian homeland while moving other peoples into the newly-conquered land . 
  yeah , the subjugation of the philippines was bad . 
  still , as far as imperial powers go , it 's nothing that britain , france , germany , or russia never did . 
  forced sterilization was bad , but again , it was not out of place for its time . 
  400 years ? 
  slavery was outlawed in the 1860s and the first slaves were only introduced in the mid-1600s . 
  * 200 * years of legal slavery . 
  my point is about * context * . 
  america has done terrible things , but the major european powers have done * much worse * , and achieved generally worse results with their imperial vassals . 
  what compels the member state to adhere to the ruling of the ecj ? 
  i mean , courts do n't have any power without the police to enforce their judgment . 
  the eu does n't have any internal mechanism for a member state leaving , but it seems to me that if , say , the uk just stopped listening to the eu , stopped sending members to the ep , and withdrew its representatives from the council , that it would simply no longer be a member and the eu really would n't be able to do much about it . 
  it 's an organization that can be joined * or left * by a sovereign state . 
  just , nobody 's tried it yet . 
  and thank * you * for not refuting my point at all . 
  we can point to the rwandan genocide and the wars in the congo as examples of fine belgian colonialism ; the indian-pakistani and israeli-palestinian conflicts as primo british works ; the lebanese-syrian and moroccan-algerian conflicts as exemplary results of the french * mission civilatrice * ; and the nagorno-karabakh war as a shining legacy of russian imperialism . 
  and those are just the * post * - colonial conflicts . 
  but please , enlighten me as to how america is so much * worse * than others at the great game . 
  good grief . 
  native americans are not and were not one single homogeneous bloc . 
  if euro-americans are living on `` stolen land , '' then who 's to say that the massachusett were n't living on land stolen from the narragansett or nipmuck or whatever ? 
  the point is that most people on earth do not live in villages inhabited by their ancestors unto the beginning of human history , and much of that human movement was accompanied by violence and death . 
  well , my european security course covered the eu pretty well , i think . 
  the eu is fundamentally different from the individual member states because it 's not a sovereign state . 
  asking to explain how an international organization is different from a state is like asking how a class is different from a student . 
  the eu is a group to which states belong , and agree to play by rules set by the eu , whose rule-makers are representatives of the member states . 
  the sovereign states are still able to flaunt those rules if they wish , and the eu would have no independent way to stop them from doing so . 
  looking it up ( on wikipedia , admittedly ) , it does seem to be the case that most portuguese are in fact descended from celts . 
  however , that does n't change the fact that your claim that the celts were the first `` legitimate '' owners of the land is entirely arbitrary . 
   ... that was n't an edit . 
  my mistake . 
  it 's pretty late : i must have just not seen that part of the post ? 
   anyway , your interpretation of that is fundamentally wrong . 
  the point is that there is an acknowledgement that anyone can make those mistakes ; that circumstances can lead ordinary people to do terrible things , and that we must therefore be constantly vigilant against any such eventuality . 
  i think you 're wrong , based on my own interactions with europeans . 
  i think most europeans really , truly believe that they are incapable of doing terrible things , and that they are morally superior to those who are doing bad things ( that , again , pale in comparison to the unspeakably awful things done by europeans a generation or two ago ) . 
  but then , that 's just my opinion and it 's based on anecdotal evidence . 
  we 're certainly better than most . 
  even as an imperialist overlord , american vassals turn out better , for the most part , than british or french or ( god forbid ) belgian or russian ones . 
  the worst we 've done is n't nearly as bad as what others have done , and the best we 've done is as good as anyone else 's results , if not better . 
  why * should n't * we think we 're superior at running things if things run smoother for us ? 
  i do n't see anything in your answer that discredits anything i 've said , because your entire answer is predicated on the entirely arbitrary claim that the land `` belonged '' to the celts originally , and the entirely unproven claim that modern portuguese are celts . 
  we have so many troubles with racism because a section of our population wanted to recreate european serfdom but did n't have any serfs , so they imported black slaves instead , and then denied them political rights for three centuries . 
  well , let me address the edit you put into your post :  and ( as an aside ) i 'd be surprised if many europeans had as short a memory as you seem to think . 
  much of our education and institution building is specifically focused on a mentality of `` never again '' . 
  the problem as i see it is that europeans tend to interpret `` never again '' as `` we will never do this again because we now know it 's wrong . '', 
  i think that there 's an underlying assumption that europeans really are incapable of perpetrating serious crimes against humanity or other major wrongs anymore . 
  this assumption is * wrong * . 
  anyone can perpetrate serious wrongs . 
  the reason you have n't is because you have n't had the opportunity or ability to do so . 
  the eu * does * refer to an organization with 28 members . 
  it has no sovereign territory of its own . 
  you * are * sitting in the un right now , you just choose not to think of it that way . 
  just because the eu is a particularly bureaucrat-heavy international organization does n't mean it 's somehow different from the baltic council or mercosur or any number of other international organizations in its essential nature . 
   it is all fine enough , but at least stop moaning about china hacking us companies . 
  doing that us embarrassingly hypocritical and i feel you undermine every westerners credibility in east asia . 
  and when it 's revealed that every country in europe is doing the same thing ( or benefiting from our doing so ) , i will be first in line to receive your heartfelt apology for your rank hypocrisy . 
   also : spying on your friends is rude - the only motivations i can really see is either economic ( where we compete ) or areas of politics where we disagree ( us being generally pro-israel , pro-torture , pro-riaa etc ) . 
  not really wishing you lu k with any of that , and would support lifetime bans on visiting europe for all known nsa employees ( fairly meaningless of course , but let 's displeasure be known ) i do n't know why being anti-israel or anti-torture or anti-riaa would compel us to spy on you . 
  we know you woud throw israel to the alligator in a heartbeat , we know you disapprove of torture , and we know you hate the riaa . 
  we do n't need to spy on you to figure that out . 
  and yet , i have had the bombing of hiroshima and nagasaki and the institution of race slavery thrown in my face on numerous occasions by europeans . 
  and you 're not ? 
  tell me again , how many arabic speakers live in portugal ? 
  much of portugal only came under christian control in the 13th century , only 4 centuries before america was colonized . 
  everyone is living on stolen land . 
  the only question is how long ago was it `` stolen . '', 
  technically , the eu is n't a state , so it does n't seem that strange to me . 
  * everyone * spies on the un , so why should the eu be any different ? 
  it 's just a cozier , more elitist un with actual legislative power . 
  spying on the eu is about as offensive as spying on meetings of the nordic council or the african union . 
  obviously you personally are n't responsible for the horrible things european governments did in the past , but it seems to me that a lot of europeans have short memories when it comes to bad things about europe . 
  for example , in a discussion about america 's faults , europeans will happily point out that america is the only country to have dropped a nuclear bomb in war ; but at the same time that america was dropping nuclear bombs , european states occupied almost all of africa , europeans were ethnically cleansing each other in the * millions * across central europe , and fascism and communism ( invented and embraced by europeans ) were solidifying their control in europe . 
  while american race slavery is still considered a valid complaint against contemporary america 's moral stance because racism still exists in america , apparently the shoah is * not * a valid complaint against european claims to being tolerant societies , despite the persistence of antisemitism ( to say nothing of bigotry against the roma ) in europe ? 
  in fact , let 's talk about the shoah . 
  godwin 's law exists because what the nazis did was so unspeakably awful that comparing other things to it is just an emotional appeal . 
  the corollary to this is that the shoah -- originated by germans and aided by basically everyone else in europe except the poles -- was * so awful * , nothing can ever be reasonably compared to it .
