  poland probably would have fallen either way , especially because of the soviets , but the difference for germany would 've meant that france would be occupying the rhineland and baden-wurttemburg instead of sitting cozily on the left bank of the rhine . 
   obama is a fucking amazing president [ citation needed ], 
   the american gov. 
  has overthrown democratic elected gov. 
  and replaced them with dictatorships for the sake of corporate interests using the cia . 
  i 'm not denying that , but let 's compare the dictatorships we supported with the dictatorships the russians installed . 
  when democracy came to south korea and taiwan and chile , did they immediately repudiate the us and run to russia or china , the way that poland and the baltics and romania ran to us after the russian jackboot was pushed off ? 
  what do you make of that ? 
  our only notable failure is iran , whereas the russians have made enemies out of every state they interfered with . 
   the americans dont give a shit about international law and yet they point the finger at russia . 
  * nobody * gives a shit about international law . 
  because it is not regularly enforced , it exists only as a propaganda tool when you can twist it to fit your narratives ; if you can not twist it to suit you , you simply ignore it . 
  a third of romania and a good chunk of western ukraine used to be part of austria , you know . 
  oh , true : but to most western europeans and north americans , there are n't very many beyond the oder that share those values ; and to the central europeans , there are n't very many beyond the narva-bug-dniester line that share those values . 
  `` vatican ii '' is used as shorthand for the [ second vatican council ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_vatican_council ) . 
  armenia 's not * really * an `` orthodox '' church in the way that most people use `` orthodox . '', 
  it is an oriental orthodox ( miaphysite ) church , like the coptic church , rather than an eastern orthodox church ( like the greek , georgian , or russian churches ) . 
  to be quite frank , almost all the westerners i 've ever interacted with have a `` we are enlightened and civilized , and they are ignorant barbarians '' worldview : the only difference is * who * they consider the barbarians . 
  for most western europeans ( and americans and canadians ) that i 've spoken to , civilization ends at the oder . 
  for the nato eastern flank , civilization ends at the bug , the narva , and the dniester . 
  i think the us is doing it for its own benefit , but poland also benefits from it as well . 
  as for heightening the tension with russia , we * want * to heighten the tension with russia , since not being tense has clearly led the russians to believe that they can do whatever they please with no response whatever from us . 
  no , but we 're slightly more willing to allow for win-win outcomes . 
  we do n't like losing , but we 're more gracious when we win if you 're cooperative . 
  russia may not be raring for a fight , per se , but russia sees a hostile poland as a major threat . 
  not as existential as a hostile ukraine , but certainly as worrying as a hostile mexico would be to the us . 
  and now , on the list of `` things republicans have been saying for years that obama finally agrees with without ever admitting to agreeing with a republican , '' we have number # 32425 , `` putin is not to be trusted . '', 
  duh , and or , hello , mr. president . 
  well , i 'll be damned . 
  this is a great reason to visit germany . 
  new england does n't really `` do '' grilling that much . 
  my irish-american relatives and friends do a big ham dinner at 1-2pm , usually with potatoes and veggies and rolls of some kind . 
  is that not done in ireland ? 
   clearly greeks need a little education in how to grill properly from the people who have it down to a science : germans . 
  is that an easter ( also passover ! ), 
  holocaust joke from a german , or is grilling a german stereotype i 've never heard before ? 
  have you not updated your `` enemies '' list since 1918 or something ? 
  the brits get along fine with you nowadays , and show no intention of getting involved in the quagmire that is your silly little island ever again . 
  oh i agree , but it 's absolutely ridiculous that some irish bloke sitting safe and pretty on an island with no enemies to speak of is calling the poles `` hysterical '' for being rationally prepared for a worst-case scenario outcome . 
  besides , increasing military spending takes a little while to become effective . 
  increasing ties to the us in the interim is sound short-term policy . 
  poland does need to increase its military spending , at least to the nato minimum , for medium - and long-term security , though . 
  okay , well , you can believe that if you want . 
  well , `` fucked '' is n't necessarily true . 
  if they had invaded as the franco-polish agreement compelled them to , they would have been halfway to berlin by the time the germans were finishing up in poland . 
  uh , no , because what if -- like russia -- they also have nukes ? 
  the existence of nukes on one sides means that the other side will refrain from using them for fear of being nuked themselves . 
  so both sides will instead just fight a conventional war without nuclear weapons , as happened when india and pakistan went to war . 
  also , wars typically do n't break out with massive invasions of multiple armies crossing an enemy 's border simultaneously . 
  there 's usually some skirmishing that escalates into a full-fledged war gradually . 
  at what point in the process do we nuke russia ? 
  after shots have been exchanged with some polish border guards ? 
  after a single russia patrol drives in poland and then leaves ? 
  seriously : when would you push the big red button ? 
  what do you suggest poland does ? 
  hey poland !, 
  stop preparing for worst-case scenarios , because your desire to feel prepared for the worst , despite being backed up by half a millennium of interactions with russians , seems paranoid to some enemy-less islanders a thousand miles away !, 
  to be fair , it is extremely shocking that the french surrendered so quickly in wwii , given , you know , the most successful military history of any country in europe . 
  not nearly enough smog to be la. 
  unless they 're rotaries . 
  there are rotaries everywhere in new england . 
  i mean , all of the founding fathers were british . 
  they were born in british north america , were british subjects , and based their philosophical arguments on british philosophers . 
  americans do n't think it about it much , but we are almost as `` british , '' culturally , as australia or canada ; we just got rid of the windsors/saxe-coburg-gothas/hannovers . 
  well , all alliances are like this . 
  recall the franco-polish and anglo-polish alliances of the interwar period . 
  when germany invaded poland , the uk and france declared war on germany , but did n't really * act * in poland 's defense . 
  france briefly invaded germany with a small force , but then left just as quickly . 
  they declared war on germany , per the terms of their agreement , but they did not really * help * . 
  part of the reason was domestic opposition to war , which almost all societies have to some extent . 
  the `` tripwire '' troops we are sending to poland are an effort to minimize the domestic opposition to actually putting our soldiers in the line of fire on behalf of a distant , foreign ally . 
  10-20 % is `` fringe ? '', 
  african americans make up only 11 % of the us population : if something were believed by all the african americans in the us , it sure as shit would be taken seriously . 
   here 's some realpolitik . 
  russia can , will , and does violate `` international laws '' . 
  as have europeans and americans . 
  strong countries do what they want to weaker ones . 
  if you 're trying to implement some sort of standard , the first step would be to follow it . 
  right now you 're taking the moral high ground and there is absolutely no basis on which to do so . 
   secondly , we have no right to impose any rules on russia . 
  this is a matter of diplomacy . 
  russia is not a subordinate state that has stepped out of line that only needs to be slapped back into place . 
  there is a necessity to talk them down , not threaten them with military force . 
  i 'm not taking moral high ground . 
  i 'm talking realpolitik . 
  we have set a bunch of rules that we expect the world to follow : stuff like `` do n't annex parts of other countries . '', 
  when russia does that , and we do nothing , it ruins our credibility on * everything * . 
  you misunderstand the situation . 
  russia is not our equal . 
  we are a superpower , and they have fallen to the status of a regional power . 
  either they can be a partner to america , like chile or morocco or japan , or , if they are unwilling to follow the rules we set , we will seek to contain them and limit their influence and power , like venezuela or iran . 
  russia , in real terms , * should * be a subordinate state . 
  as sovereign states , we may legally have to treat them as equals , but in real terms , we lead a coalition that includes the overwhelming majority of the world 's richest and militarily strongest countries . 
  russia is a decayed husk of our biggest rival , with a military that had difficult with a neighbor 3 % its size . 
  if , as you imply , the strong do as they will and the weak suffer as they must , then we ought to be strong-arming the shit out of russia and exploiting its weaknesses until it realizes that cooperating with us will be greater benefits than trying to screw us . 
  russia absolutely has stepped out of line and it * should * be slapped back into place . 
  otherwise other countries will start mimicking russia . 
  it 's not just about russia : it 's about deterrence everywhere . 
  if we can prove that we can deter russia , then other powers seeking to upset the balances of power that we have created ( venezuela , cuba , iran , etc. ), 
  will not dare to step out of line from the rules we have set .
