  you do n't get to claim a moral high ground for not having colonies or military rule because you 're just too poor and weak to have them anymore . 
   also , contrary to what you said , europeans do n't pretend colonialism did n't happen . 
  in fact , colonial guilt is very much present in historical and cultural studies , as well as in politics and public debate - it is actually part of political correctness to such degree that , if anything , it creates the other kind of problems . 
  for instance , a historian suggesting that colonialism may have had any positive effects in subject countries is immediately called a racist . 
  but that 's another discussion . 
  this depends on the country and the colony we 're talking about . 
  the extent of french atrocities in algeria is largely left out of the public discussion in france ; the massive expulsion of ethnic germans from poland and the czech republic is not really talked about ( and when it is , it is rationalized ) ; & c. . 
  you 're the one who made the claim that the suffering of israelis ' ancestors justifies holding them to different moral standards : that when they do something oppressive , it is not just bad but hypocritical , * because * their ancestors were oppressed . 
  if the suffering of the ancestors of israelis affects how we look at israeli actions today , i do n't see why the oppressive behavior of europeans ' ancestors should not affect how we look at europeans ' discourse today . 
  i am not totally dismissing europeans ' points about israel , merely providing context . 
  i am fine with europeans condemning israel when israel does something wrong , but i am frustrated by the number of europeans who seem to think their shit do n't stink : if condemnation of israel were accompanied by thoughtful reflection on europe 's own imperialist past , it would be helpful and constructive . 
  as it is , you just have a bunch of europeans who basically refuse to associate with israel because israelis are `` warmongerers '' or `` oppressors , '' as if that is all israel will ever be and europeans were never exactly the same way ( or worse , in most cases ) . 
   it seems obvious to me that mr livingstone was attempting to point out - with some legitimacy - the hypocrisy in a previously oppressed people acting in an oppressive fashion . 
  to chalk that down to just crude racism strikes me as an uncharitable and poorly judged decision . 
  this seems to me to be a highly unfair argument . 
  we have no right to hold those who were previously oppressed to a higher moral standard . 
  no one in europe would act any differently if they were in the israelis ' shoes -- and most would probably have behaved worse , given the europeans ' track records with colonialism . 
  for countries who militarily subjugated and oppressed most of the world 's population to wag their finger at israel is just as hypocritical . 
  or do you really think the british ( who brought half of africa and all of the indian subcontinent into their empire with force ) , france ( the conquerors of west africa and indochina ) , germany ( obviously , the `` genocide of jews & c. '' thing ) , and the rest of europe ( either colonialists or collaborators in the nazi genocide or responsible for the expulsion of minorities ) have a moral leg to stand on ? 
  the real hypocrisy here is the self-righteous europeans who pretend the hundreds of years of oppression and military expansion they engaged in do n't matter now while they condemn others for doing exactly what they did ( only on a much tinier scale ) less than a hundred years ago . 
  unlikely . 
  israel would only ever join a supranational organization like the eu if it gave credible assurances that it would contribute to defending israel if israel were attacked . 
  given the eu 's complete disregard for the continuing occupation of an eu member state ( cyprus ) , israelis do n't see the eu as a credible umbrella for security . 
  `` united in diversity '' is the eu 's motto . 
  lots of european rhetoric is about strengthening the bonds between european states and much fuss is made about the rich europeans doing their part to help the poor europeans . 
  it seems that european unity is strong enough for euro-politicians to claim that germans should dig deep to help greeks and spaniards and italians , but not strong enough to take a firm line with turkey over cyprus . 
  but my point is that the occupation of an eu member state is not the * primary * deal breaker in this conversation . 
  most of the europeans objecting to turkey 's accession object to turkey 's poor human rights record , or muslim majority , or size relative to the rest of the eu , and * then * they object to its occupation of cyprus . 
  if the occupation of a member state is not the primary , overriding concern here , it seems to me you do n't give much weight to how turkey affects your fellow europeans . 
   worse than apartheid from what i hear . 
  arguably worse than turkish mistreatment of the kurds , which is one of the better arguments against their joining . 
  oh , yes , israel , who gave its arab inhabitants citizenship and has always maintained arabic as an official language of israel , and which has been in negotiations for 20 years to give the palestinians as much autonomy as they can while maintaining israel 's security , is so much worse than the turks , who refused to acknowledge the kurds ' existence as a separate people for half a century and who have no intention of ever giving the kurds even autonomy within the turkish republic , let alone independence . 
  frankly , it 's a ridiculous comparison . 
  israel is in a shitty situation , mostly of its own making , but it 's trying to do the best it can . 
  turkey is pretty much an unapologetic imperialist whose position on the kurds is not measurably different from 1950s france 's position on * alg\u00e9rie fran\u00e7aise * , and their relationship to north cyprus involves just as much occupation and settlement ( of anatolian turks onto cyprus ) as israel 's relationship with the west bank . 
  moreover , more people were killed and displaced during turkey 's anti-insurgency war against the kurds than have been killed or displaced in 60 years of jewish-palestinian fighting . 
  i do n't think israel should join the eu , but saying it 's worse than turkey is just not true . 
  it 's unfair to israelis , who do try very hard to examine their mistakes and learn from them ; the turks are pretty unrepentant , both about former actions ( the genocide of anatolian christians ) and current ones ( the kurdish problem , the cyprus occupation ) . 
  also , i think the comparison between the palestinian situation and apartheid is inaccurate . 
  the bantustans were never recognized by any foreign country ; palestine enjoys the recognition of over 100 countries . 
  the palestinian national authority may be an undemocratic dictatorship ( or two , if you count both the fatah and the hamas pas ) , but it is demonstrably more independent of israel than the bantustans were of sa , and its lack of democracy is not israel 's doing , but the result of infighting between palestinian factions . 
  well , they are ** occupying half his country ** . 
  that the cypriots are being rather polite about it and not blowing up turks in restaurants and hotels does not make turkey 's occupation of cyprus any less reprehensible . 
   on turkey : i think their occupation of another member state 's territory is a bigger deal breaker than whether or not they enjoy eating pork . 
  seriously !, 
  as an american , the number of europeans who object to turkey joining the eu and whose biggest complaint is not `` uh , they 're occupying half of a member state '' is truly incomprehensible to me . 
  all the talk about `` european unity '' sounds like a load of crap with this kind of attitude from europeans . 
  also confusing , because the union is a poetic name for the usa . 
  it 's as much a super-group of ethnicities as `` slavic '' or `` germanic . '', 
  til europe is not diverse because they 're all `` white . '', 
  awesome . 
  nach wilna !, 
  or [ here ] ( https://maps.google.com/maps?q=+54.9,+25.316667&amp;hl=en&amp;ll=54.898724,25.317993&amp;spn=0.852857,2.469177&amp;sll=4.9,25.316667&amp;sspn=1.477694,2.469177&amp;t=h&amp;z=9 ) , based on that same article ... 
  what the hell , random questions about what various authors said . 
  i thought it 'd be more about the languages themselves . 
  my mother tongue is english , and the romance and germanic influences on esperanto stick out to me like a sore thumb . 
  the slavic influences might be more subtle . 
  what do you mean by its grammar ? 
  nothing i can think of jumps out at me as obviously slavic . 
  did it ? 
  i 've tried learning esperanto and the russian influence seemed negligible to me . 
  the creator of esperanto was a polish jew , not a russian . 
  i do n't know why we need it . 
  most british dialects are perfectly comprehensible to me as a new englander , and i assume most anglophones can understand americans just fine . 
  i understand , i just wanted to point out that these particular examples were undemocratically imposed on people ; they really do n't tell us anything about what turks or syrians in general think about islamic attitudes . 
  i would point to the muslim practices of albanians , kosovars , and bosniaks as examples of muslims rejecting the more severe muslim practices . 
  though i could n't cite any particular examples off-hand , what i 've read indicates that these european muslims historically very rarely wear headscarves , they drink alcohol , and they are generally less observant than middle eastern muslims . 
  ( this might be changing because of fundamentalist islamic institutions being set up with saudi money , but from what i 've heard , the locals dislike and resent the fundamentalists . 
  ymmv . ), 
  well , the turks are sort of a special case , since the headscarf was banned as part of a fit of iconoclasm in the early 20th century intended to remove turkey from the east and throw itself towards the west . 
  atat\u00fcrk wanted his people to become more like europeans in their religious practices because he feared that very religious muslims would not accept the societal changes he considered necessary to be considered a modern , western country . 
  the syrian government banned the burqa in an attempt to suppress islamic piety because the regime wanted people to adopt the secular , pan-arabist ideology it championed . 
  why did the syrian regime champion pan-arabism ? 
  because the people running it were and are of a minority sect , the alawites , who are not considered to be muslims by the sunni muslim majority of syria . 
  as leaders of a country that identified as `` arab , '' the assads had legitimacy as members of the dominant nation ; they could never enjoy such legitimacy in a country where the majority identify as `` muslims . '', 
  they did n't ban the burqa because they hate islam , but because the people running syria * fear * islam , and the power it holds over their people . 
  so , yeah , really , both of those cases are autocrats banning practices they felt would cultivate antipathy towards their rule , not democratic decisions to keep religion out of public life . 
  well played , good sir/maam . 
  technically , uncle sam is just the male embodiment of the us ; the female one is [ lady liberty ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statue_of_liberty ) , though we also have [ columbia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/columbia_%28name%29 ) , akin to france 's [ marianne ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marianne ) or the uk 's [ britannia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/britannia ) . 
  so you can have [ europa ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europa_%28mythology%29 ) * and * some male personification of europe !, 
  there has to be some option for people who are really just terrible at foreign languages . 
  i think that the students who excelled in latin did get most of the teachers ' attention , and there were high-level latin classes available , but they were never as well-stocked as the french classes ( which were all high-level ) or the high-level spanish classes . 
  not really . 
  the teachers were well aware that their latin classes were stacked with slackers , and lowered their expectations accordingly , so the classes really * were * easier . 
  similarly , the french teachers knew that their students were high-achievers , and raised their expectations accordingly . 
   there 's also a perception that spanish is the easiest choice , but i 'm not sure if that 's true . 
  this might be the real reason . 
  my american high school offered french , spanish , and latin as foreign languages . 
  spanish had the most students , and french the least , despite the fact that our part of the country has virtually no spanish speakers and is reaosnably close to french-speaking quebec . 
  why ? 
  because kids at my school told each other than spanish was easier than french , so more people took spanish . 
  ( likewise , more people took latin than french since latin was perceived as easier since it did n't require knowing how to * speak * the language , only how to * read * it . ), 
  it was n't about utility , it was about lazy teenagers wanting easier classes . 
  that 's what i thought until i visited my brother in madrid in late november and thought my balls were going to get frostbite . 
  the mediterranean coasts of spain might be sunny and warm , but the whole country ? 
  nope nope nope . 
  wow , you devoted * way * more effort into this than was necessary . 
  i 'll just hit the biggies . 
   huh . 
  you 're saying that political structures always need to be stable .
