  that 's just how russian foreign policy works : to feel secure , they require direct or indirect control over territory as far west as possible so that , if war comes , it will not devastate the russian heartland . 
  well , nato is an alliance is defend against * you * , specifically ... 
  because memel is the german name for it , and basically no germans live there now . 
  the river flows through lithuania ( where it is the nemunas ) and belarus ( where it is the \u041d\u0451\u043c\u0430\u043d , or nieman ) . 
   the land between the rivers maas and memel for the geography-challenged among us , the maas ( in english more commonly referred to as the meuse ) river runs through northwestern france , central belgium , and the southern netherlands . 
  the memel ( in english now more politically correctly called the neman ) flows through belarus and lithuania . 
  saying that germany extends to the meuse and the neman includes all of poland and much of the low countries and northwestern france in `` germany . '', 
  estonian , finnish , and hungarian are all related languages , part of the [ finno-ugric language family ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finno-ugric_languages ) . 
  acquiring another citizenship does n't * necessarily * mean that you intend to relinquish your us citizenship , though , so that wo n't cause you to lose your us citizenship . 
  before the act of union , wales was a part of the kingdom of england , and `` england and wales '' is the successor state to that country . 
  wales is n't a full partner in the united kingdom : england , scotland , and ( northern ) ireland are the biggies here . 
  wales was an appendage of england . 
  technically , the last time there was an `` england , '' wales was a part of it . 
  it was * american * nukes defending germany , norway , spain , portugal , etc. , not british and french ones . 
  whether nuclear or conventional , american military might insulated europe from war on the home front throughout the cold war . 
   why should europeans spent exorbitant sums of money on defense when 1 . the us is more than willing and able to do so , and 2 . there is no existential threat to europe since the end of the cold war ? 
  well , 1 is kind of a silly argument when europeans complain about how wrong it is for us to spend large amounts of money . 
  you ca n't say `` how stupid is it for you to spend all that money on military '' while admitting that you 'd be paying the same amount if we were n't doing it for you . 
  as for 2 , europeans were skimping during the cold war too . 
  nato strategy in europe amounted to `` meat shield the soviet invasion until the americans could show up . '', 
  nobody thought the europeans could mount a capable defense on their own , because * they could n't * . 
  even when there was an existential threat , europeans did n't have their shit together . 
   many europeans would argue that recent british behavior is evidence of their spineless defense policy , in which they eagerly submit to american authority . 
  yeah , because they , unlike the rest of those smug hypocrites on the continent ( except poland ) , are real allies , not whining moochers who enjoy all the benefits of the stability brought to them by the american military while moaning about how uncouth we are and refusing to help when we ask . 
   balance of power with what ? 
  we 've lived in a unipolar world for the past two decades . 
  only now is china presenting some sort of threat to the global order , yet they 're still decades behind the us militarily , and have much more of a stake in the global order and stability than the soviet union ever did . 
  vacuums are dangerous and unstable . 
  america * could * pull its troops out of europe and ignore europe entirely , and things might be okay , but they might also turn ugly , fast . 
  we do n't know , but leaving geopolitical vacuums is almost always a stupid idea . 
   except that the major military response of the west in the past decade has been to combat terrorist networks and groups , which are not afraid of attacking stronger opponents because they are not states . 
  maybe they 're less afraid than states of attacking us , but it 's simply wrong to say that our policy of blowing terrorist leaders and followers to oblivion has n't dissuaded a good many people from following in their footsteps . 
  nobody is under any illusions about what the response from the united states will be to any attack : we will find you , we will kill you , and we will not give up before we do . 
  there 's always a bottom to the barrel of potential terrorists , and that barrel gets shallower and shallower as long as we make it incredibly obvious that attacks on us will a ) not be successful , and b ) be met with swift and terrible vengeance . 
   the american military does provide a lot of stability for global trade routes , disaster and relief aid , et cetera , but to suggest that we have a supposed burden to bear that requires enormous amounts of money at the expense of other services is naive . 
  we * do * have a burden to bear , and most americans at some level believe that we do , because we continue to vote for people who say that . 
  we have a burden to bear because we believe ourselves to be burdened with a responsibility to lead the world . 
  self-imposed burdens are still burdens . 
  also :  you also disregarded the current french operation in mali . 
  oh no , i most definitely mentioned that :  a tiny operation in a nearby country, 
   oh , you 're spending money on us without we asking for it , with all that philanthropy , i wonder why people elsewhere in the world do n't cheer for the us . 
  how many immigrants are flooding into portugal nowadays ? 
  the world 's best and brightest are beating down the doors to get to the us . 
  people the world over listen to * our * music , watch * our * tv , use * our * inventions , and generally do things the way we do things . 
  america and the stuff we produce is incredibly popular and highly-regarded all over the world . 
  besides , we 're not your friend . 
  we do n't want to be * liked * ( though we are , generally ) , we want to be * respected * ( and we are , almost universally ) . 
  being liked is nice , but it gets you nowhere . 
  almost everyone likes sweden , but sweden has no clout . 
  sweden ca n't really defend its interests abroad . 
  it can politely ask for them to be respected , and that 's about it . 
  example 8969689068987 of why that `` in america 100 years is a long time , in europe 100 miles is a long way '' idiom is utter bullshit . 
  sorry we spent the last six decades prepared to spill considerable amounts of blood and treasure to prevent the russkies from occupying the rest of your self-righteous continent , and in the same time , you 've summarily squandered your ability to mount any sort of competent military response to anything beyond a tiny operation in a nearby country . 
  * someone * has to provide for your defense , and since europeans ( aside from the british , who retain a spine ) have decided that it 's not going to be themselves , we have to do it to maintain the balance of power . 
  yes , there 's a lot of waste in us military funding , but the impenetrable shield that it gives us and , more importantly , our * allies * is worth it . 
  nobody even bothers attacking anyone who has a military alliance with us because they do n't want to be blown to kingdom come . 
  sorry , i 'm a bit touchy on the subject . 
  i just wanted to clarify for people who do n't understand the meaning of the word . 
  it was n't necessary directed just at you . 
  i can see your intended meaning now . 
   the only convert i knew was a raging antisemite ( by that i mean anti-jewish , i realize arabs are semitic too . . ) . 
  irrelevant , since `` antisemite '' means `` prejudiced against * jews * , '' not `` prejudiced against * semites * . '', 
  that 's the way it was coined and that is its conventional usage . 
  trying to say that it means `` prejudiced against semites '' is an etymological fallacy as bad as saying that irrational disliking the daytona 500 is `` racism . '', 
   first of all , i came here for travel advice , not to be discriminated against by some who are riding on a high horse . 
  you mounted a high horse when you responded to a hostile comment with an equally hostile one . 
  saying you should go to auschwitz * is * travel advice , and frankly , it 's good advice , too . 
  being there was an incredibly powerful experience , and i 'm not even jewish . 
   second , where is your evidence ? 
  just because you said ? 
  i gave my evidence . 
  do you dispute any of the facts that i mentioned ? 
  do you think the dates that i mentioned are not true ? 
   my evidence is the thousands of ships my grandfather witnessed carrying illegal european jews into palestine from yaffa , after the holocaust . 
  uh , okay ? 
  all that proves is that thousands of jews immigrated to palestine after wwii . 
  your claim that israel would not exist without the holocaust requires you to prove that that immigration was necessary to the creation of the state of israel . 
  a good claim has evidence backing it up . 
  my evidence is that the most important institutions that made up the state of israel already existed a decade or more before the shoah began . 
  what is the evidence for your claim ? 
  i do n't think anyone with any understanding of jewish history would suggest that the zionists who built the state of israel needed any more reasons that jews needed to have their own state . 
  jews have a long , and more importantly , * well-remembered * history of being persecuted , and this fact was not lost on zionists . 
  nobody saw the shoah and thought , `` oh , but now it 's * for serious * , guys . '', 
  it was already life-and-death for jews in europe , as episodes like the khmielnitsky massacres evidenced . 
   i was suggesting that ** since the shoah was the greatest motivator for the artificial creation of israel ** the assumption in bold is false . 
  the greatest motivator for the creation of israel was the idea of national self-determination that had driven contemporary poles , lithuanians , estonians , romanians , etc. 
  to demand their own nation-state . 
  the main body of jews in palestine were there before the shoah , and more importantly , the institutions that would become the framework for state of israel were already built before the shoah even started . 
  the jewish agency for palestine , which would become the provisional government of israel , was created in 1929 . 
  the haganah , which would become the idf , was created in 1920 . 
  the histadrut , which would become the israeli civil service , was also created in 1920 . 
  the anglo-palestine bank , which would become the israeli central bank , was founded in 1902 . 
  you missed my main point . 
  jews are n't in israel because of the holocaust , and to suggest that betrays a wildly misinformed view of history . 
  the timeline is more like : ideas of national self-determination take hold in europe , including among jews -  jews migrate to palestine and found jewish institutions there -  jews declare a state . 
  the shoah is tangential to the creation of the state of israel . 
  obviously , it holds a significant place among jews for being the single largest calamity to happen to the jewish people in recorded history , obliterating entire civilizations and turning the most vibrant center of jewish life literally into ashes , but it did not cause the state of israel to come into being . 
  the jews in palestine who built the state of israel did so before the loss of european jewry , and they finished their task despite that catastrophic loss , not * because * of it . 
  yeah , i had a professor who dismissed any possibility of a eurozone break-up because of the euro crisis , explaining that every crisis the eu has ever faced has ultimately resulted in the eu grabbing more powers for itself , not a collapse in federal power . 
  naturally , this analysis was received by my american classmates and i with horror , while the irish and greek exchange students just sort of shrugged it off by saying that that 's just how it is .
