  as individuals , most germans today have no guilt from the holocaust . 
  but as members of the german people and citizens of germany , they share in germany 's collective guilt , for what was done in the name of `` the german people . '', 
   well , iran has n't started a war with anybody for 300 years ... as for iran , you do n't need to start a war to be an aggressive power . 
  was the us policy towards latin america hunky-dory during the cold war because we did n't start any actual wars ( grenada excluded ) in that region ? 
  iran has used shia/non-sunni minorities in iraq , syria , and lebanon in order to destabilize those countries and subvert the governments there to keep iranian-friendly regimes ( the assads , hezbollah , the iraqi shia ) in power . 
   it would n't be the way it was now if it was n't for the usa 's fucking meddling in its affairs in the past . 
  all we did was execute * your country 's plan * . 
  operation ajax was a * british * idea , that we did for you because we 're such good friends . 
  the coup was all about the nationalization of anglo-persian oil . 
   you 're just cherry picking facts to make israel look good , while making no direct mention of what you call ` flaws ' . 
  israel is a flawed democratic nation-state . 
  its government offers legal equality to citizens of all nationalities , but various legal policies ( including nationalization , zoning , per-capita funding , etc. ), 
  favor the ethnic majority , in this case jews . 
  within `` israel proper , '' israel is no more discriminatory than latvia or croatia , which is to say that there is some institutionalized discrimination in favor of the ethnic majority . 
  as for its treatment of the palestinians , its behavior is not * worse * than countries in similar situations , and the israeli military very often holds itself to a much higher standard than , say , the turkish military or the moroccan military . 
   or in other words : because of the holocaust israel is morally infallible , and the germans of today should be grateful that they arent getting nuked . 
  thats what you are actually trying to say , right ? 
  no , i am not saying jews are morally infallible . 
  i am saying that moral lessons to jews will not be well-received from germans for a very long time . 
  jews might well be in the wrong , but the sanctimonious chiding ought to come from people with less jewish blood on their hands than germans . 
  if europeans want to chide jews , they should send an irishman , or maybe a finn . 
  no , but i think it 's pretty obvious that israel , despite its flaws , is leagues better than organizations like hezbollah , hamas , or the iranian regime , which run religious tyrannies at home and try to murder innocents abroad . 
   and you really need to look up the difference between the federal republic of germany and the third reich . 
  uh , what does that matter * at all * ? 
  the brd is the legal successor to the third reich . 
  the brd has assumed responsibility for the shoah onto itself willingly . 
  do n't try that bullshit like turks and the ottoman empire . 
  there was plenty of continuity between the third reich and the brd . 
  denazification was stopped early because you ca n't fire all the bureaucrats or the state collapses . 
   but being hostile towards modern-day germany and its inhabitants is in my eyes not better than anti-semitism . 
  it 's racist . 
  i do n't see how being bitter towards the legal successor state of the state that went pretty far out of its way to murder your people en masse , with no real strategic goal in mind other than killing all of you , is quite the same as antisemitism , which has no real rational basis . 
   this will always make the relationship between germany and israel or between germans and jews awkward . 
  if your grandparents did n't want things to be awkward , maybe your grandparents should 've have murdered a third of all the jews on earth , because ai n't nobody ever gon na let that go . 
  your grandparents tainted your ability to have a normal relationship with jews , and the stain on that relationship is 100 % the fault of germans . 
  maybe not you , personally , but as a german , you 've inherited it , just like jews have inherited the mark of cain that marks them as an eternal victim . 
  jews are not allowed ( by sanctimonious westerners ) to act like a normal country , `` because of what they 've been through . '', 
  modern israelis were n't murdered en masse by germans , but for some reason the mass killing of their familial relations by fritz and hans means that they ca n't put up a roadblock to prevent palestinians from trying to pick up the grand european tradition of killing jews en masse . 
  but the jews whose immediate families , and then in subsequent generations , their cousins , their aunts and uncles , etc. 
  on to great-aunts and great-uncles and grandparents , were murdered sure do . 
  their lives are still affected by the loss of their family members . 
  some jews might forgive germans completely , but i do n't think the majority of jews will ever forgive the germans enough to tolerate sanctimonious moral lessons from them . 
  forgiving the germans enough to buy a volkswagen ( which are pretty popular in israel ) is one thing , but it 's quite another to accept a german giving moralistic chiding to the representatives of the jewish people . 
  um , you realize some holocaust survivors ( and some holocaust perpetrators ! ), 
  are still alive , right ? 
  how is a wound inflicted upon people * still living * at all equivalent to a , frankly , less serious wound inflicted 40 generations ago ? 
  also , the romans did n't commit genocide against the germans . 
  as for why you or your family should have to deal with the consequences of perpetrating the holocaust , as members of the responsible nation , i ask you whether you 'd rather be a jew , who has to deal with the far worse consequences of being the * victims * of the holocaust . 
  it seems terribly self-absorbed to make yourselves seem like victims in this situation . 
  edit : also , a note on english : we would say `` great-great-great-great ... great-grandfather . '', 
  after the grandfather , every male ancestor is a `` great-grandfather . '', 
  not at all , because they were defending their sovereign territory from rebels who were agitating for more rights than the subjects in the mother country even had . 
  i mean , i 'm glad we won , but it 's not exactly morally unambiguous . 
  mostly i blame the british for not accommodating the americans ' demands for autonomy . 
  if they had , then north america today might be constellation of smaller states with a governmental structure similar to canada . 
  also , i do n't really equate `` killing a small number of my countrymen , almost all soldiers , in a war we started '' to `` mass-murdering every jew you could find for 1000 miles in every direction . '', 
  i feel like the second might be cause for somewhat more lasting resentment . 
  when rockets are fired into israel ( indiscriminately , which is a war crime ) , israel will respond with a targeted air strike or a targeted artillery shot , and then europeans will blame israel for `` escalating violence . '', 
  as if `` a handful of rockets '' is n't a cause for concern or retaliation . 
  israel does try ( quite hard ) to limit their security operations and retaliatory strikes , but they get the same or worse condemnation than countries that could n't give less of a fuck about civilian casualties ( nigeria , sri lanka , etc. 
  ) , so one wonders why they even bother . 
  you do n't think germany earned a little hostility from jews ? 
  israel used to be a british mandate , and israeli law is heavily based on british law , so yeah , it would explain it . 
   so any stories of mass rape you mentioned in western belarus/western ukraine then ? 
  i apologize . 
  it seems that you are correct , and that mass rape was limited ( largely ) to the occupation of germany proper . 
  still , that does n't negate the reputation that the ussr had earned for mass killing , * especially * of its own citizens and of prisoners captured in war . 
   i am personally yet to enter enemy territory , thank you very much . 
  good grief , you know what i meant . 
   we were talking about german civilians here , were n't we ? 
  why are you switching the topics like that ? 
  because the german civilians were fleeing the soviets due to a reputation for mass murder : whether the reputation had been built on the corpses of murdered poles or murdered germans is of no consequence to its propaganda power . 
  the germans saw the soviet union as an indiscriminately murderous regime : the fact that the german authorities used the evidence of the katy\u0144 massacre as propaganda to their own citizens indicates that german citizens saw the mass-murder of poles by the soviets to be equally threatening to themselves . 
   which is a heavy exaggeration . 
  not by much . 
  millions of women were raped by the red army . 
   how could soviet army earn that reputation before entering enemy territory ( eastern prussia was the first ) , prey tell ? 
  oh , that was the first time you [ entered enemy territory ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_invasion_of_poland ) , was it ? 
   communist leadership did n't give a shit about ` their own ethnic group ' and there were barely any homes left in k\u00f6nigsberg after the fighting was over . 
  obviously false . 
  communists were highly aware of ethnic groups and did their best to homogenize their countries , especially after the war . 
  communist poland moved tens of thousands of ukrainians from the southeast of poland and spread them over a huge area in the formerly-german territories , to disperse them within the polish population and render them irrelevant as a national group . `  btw there were no mass killings of civilians by red army i am aware of ... that is [ simply ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nkvd_massacres_of_prisoners ) [ not true ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_repressions_of_polish_citizens_ ( 1939 % e2 % 80 % 931946 \\ ) ) . 
  also , i never said the mass killings were of civilians . 
  if you murder tens of thousands of prisoners of war , those are mass killings . 
  and they were totally unwarranted , given that the victims were soldiers who have already given up . 
   i do n't really see how ` mass rape ' is any more terrible than institutionalised prostitution employed by every army other than soviet army . 
  that 's an obviously shitty excuse for raping virtually the entire female population of the area in between the dnieper and the elbe . 
  actually , the israeli-palestinian conflict is on the low end of intra-state conflicts in the middle east . 
  `` israel proper '' is a pretty coherent nation-state , with about 80 % of the population being jews . 
  the israeli-palestinian conflict is nothing but a minor border dispute between the israeli government and the palestinian authority that gets way more media coverage than it deserves . 
  syria , iraq , and lebanon are total clusterfucks , with huge , mutually-antagonistic minorities that all hate each other and think they should be in charge of everyone . 
  also , to say nothing of the fact that , as a philosemite , i am horrified by the idea of an israel that was made into a soviet satellite state like `` people 's poland . '', 
  east prussian germans . 
  kr\u00f3lewiec is just a loose translation of k\u00f6nigsberg into polish , i think . 
  the lithuanian name , karaliau\u010dius , also includes `` karalia [ s ] , '' meaning `` king . '', 
  i agree , but there is a difference between `` forcing civilians to flee to clear the battlefield so you can bombard the shit out of everyone who 's left '' and `` forcing everyone to flee out of fear of rape or murder so you can fill their empty homes with your ethnic group later . '', 
  usually when the former happens , you let those people come back later . 
  there was no reason for them to assume that east prussia was going to become `` soviet territory , '' since k\u00f6nigsberg had been under german control for hundreds of years . 
  they were fleeing because the red army had a ( hard-earned ) reputation for mass killing and mass rape . 
  `` ethnic cleansing '' is the deliberate removal of a specific ethnic/ethno-religious group from an area , whether it 's by killing them or forcing them to flee .
