  i 'm not a professional historian , but i consider myself more educated than the average layman about history in general and about genocides in particular . 
   hardly genocides . 
  hell , as a german i did n't even hear about the namaqua before today - and frankly , neither seems wikipedia . 
  i think you mean `` nama '' . 
  the herero and the nama uprisings were insurrections and bandit attacks against german colonists . 
  pows were taken and put into camps that were ill-supplied , which lead to preventable deaths . 
   the actions of von trotha were outside of his jurisdiction , not checked with his surperiors and made him shunned in german society . 
  do not mistake the actions of one man with a planned genocide . 
  `` namaqua '' is apparently an antiquated word for the nama people . 
  i learned it as the `` namaqua and herero '' genocide in school , so sue me . 
  but there certainly was intent -- by von trotha if not by his superiors , thought that 's doubtful -- to get rid of the nama and herero completely . 
  it was n't just about ending militant activity by those peoples . 
  as for `` one man : '' von trotha had subordinates . 
  thousands of them . 
  they cooperated . 
  the only reason you as a german do n't learn about this in school is that so much of your time is occupied by unpacking your more famous genocide later in the century . 
   that is a question to be argued about . 
  on which scale do you think the holocaust was the biggest genocide of the 20th century ? 
  percentage of targeted group killed ? 
  head counts ? 
  both in objective number of people killed ( ~ 6 million ) and in percentage of the target group (  30 % of world jewry ) , the german anti-jewish genocide is the winner . 
  and that 's ignoring the attempted genocide of roma and , eventually , of poles and other slavs . 
   of course , from someone whose people use genocide and genocidal behavior as a national pasttime , i should be not surprised . 
  everyone needs a black sheep to point at . 
  um , could you elucidate a pattern of genocidal behavior for me ? 
  because other than the native americans ( which was in the 19th century ; after that our policy has been arguably more like a kinder form of apartheid than genocide ) , and * maybe * the philippines if you * really * stretch , i 'm not seeing a pattern . 
  also , please be aware that i 'm pretty sure you 're a troll and i am only continuing this conversation for any potential outsiders who need to know how wrong you are . 
  you can always stay in new england where our shop people politely remain silent until spoken to . 
  there are exceptions ( generally , the nicer/more expensive the store , the more willing employees are to initiate contact ) , but generally we keep to ourselves . 
   ... yet . 
  eventually , antisemitism leads to outbreaks of progroms , which are essentially genocides en miniature . 
  and yes [ 1 ] ) , those existed in poland as well [ 2 ] . 
  the `` innovation '' germans did was making this homocidially efficient . 
  what poland * might * have done is not on trial , and in any case , * hypothetical * genocides do n't matter as much as * real * ones that actually happened . 
   once you count jewish death as part of `` polish deaths '' , it is . 
  polish jews were polish citizens , regardless of any ethnic tensions between them . 
  german jews were well-integrated into german society but the germans had no problem slaughtering them . 
   i think that 's more in your head . 
  and really , i think you as an american should be very , very silent about genocide and camps . 
  really ? 
  because the germans take the awards for both first genocide of the 20th century ( the namaqua and herero in southwest africa ) * and * the biggest genocide of the 20th century ( the holocaust ) . 
  pot calling the tableware black ? 
  technically , `` constantinople '' was the official name of the city until the 1920s when atat\u00fcrk changed it . 
   alright . 
  let 's play `` who 's the oppressor ? '' . 
  how about tibetan terrorists attacking the chinese pla ? 
  that 's actually closer to the german crimes against the polish , given that china just straight up annexed tibet ( as germany did to poland ) and dissolved the tibetan government and has encouraged the movement of ethnic han chinese to tibet ever since annexation ( as germany encouraged the volksdeutsche to move into the `` wartheland '' ) . 
  there is n't any of the genocide of poles done by the germans , but the sense of colonization is the same . 
   well , genocide is not something that is particularily * german * , is it ? 
  that being said , i am not aware of an order to single out polish citizens for mass-exterminations for the virtue of being polish . 
  that the polish had jewish citizens is true , but not relevant in this context , as antisemitic thoughts were prevalent in interwar poland . 
  [ 1 ] you ca n't hate them when it 's convinient and then claim them to be of your own when it 's convinient a few years later . 
  antisemitism was rampant in both prewar and postwar poland , that is true . 
  but there was no genocide . 
  anti-jewish ( and anti-roma and anti-slav generally ) genocide * was * introduced by the germans in the 1930s and 1940s . 
  also , i 'm not polish . 
  i 'm american , and my ethnic background is from lithuania , sweden , and the british isles . 
  i admit readily that there were tensions between poles and jews in poland both before and certainly after the war . 
  i just do n't think they 're really that relevant to this discussion . 
  actually , 400k people was the population of the ghetto . 
  my apologies : i thought we were talking about the warsaw uprising , led by the armia krajowa , not the warsaw * ghetto * uprising . 
  that was my mistake . 
  but i do have to correct your mistake : actually , by the time of the ghetto uprising , about 250-300 ,000 of those 400,000 inhabitants had been rounded up and shipped to the death camps , where they were murdered en masse . 
  there were only around 60-70 ,000 residents of the warsaw ghetto by early 1943 , of whom around 13,000 were killed during the revolt . 
   at the time of the battle : no . 
  most civilians - thankfully - fled in time . 
  this is true : unlike in the case of the warsaw ghetto uprising , in whose case the population of the city had decreased massively because the germans had already * deliberately * murdered most of the inhabitants , fallujah 's population had fled . 
  you see how this comparison is so unfavorable for you , right ? 
  uh , so , you 're not really proving me wrong here , given that the only actual example you 've provided is the american occupation of iraq . 
  * and in any case , the suppression of the warsaw uprising is not what made the nazis infamous . 
  what made them infamous was the mass slaughter of villages because of some slight connection to partisan activity , and , oh right , the einsatzgruppen and gas chambers that killed millions of polish ( and other ) citizens simply for being of the wrong ethnic background . 
  * also , your figures are comparing apples to oranges . 
  for the warsaw uprising , you 're counting all deaths of poles compared to the total population of warsaw , combatants and civilians together . 
  for the battle of fallujah , you 're only counting the number of iraqi casualties against the number of iraqi combatants . 
  fallujah has 300,000 + inhabitants . 
  1200 deaths is less than a single percent of that , so , no , the battle death rates are not even remotely similar . 
  well , what `` insurgents and terrorists '' were you referring to then , dr. freud ? 
  sometimes the phallic image really is just a dick , sir . 
  what about in , say , croatia , serbia , or poland ? 
  i would imagine that in the former eastern bloc , the secularists would probably be on the left , and opposed by the religious and conservative right . 
  compared to ** nazi germany ** , which is precisely the comparison our german friend was making , no , no it is not `` awful . '', 
  ugh , this is the worst side of / r/europe . 
  everyone is * so excited * to upvote the comparisons between the nazis and the americans . 
  you know as well as i do that the comparison is absurd . 
  the germans saw the poles , and the belarussians , and the ukrainians , and the russians as sub-humans who were to be eliminated to make way for german colonists . 
  most of the deaths in iraq were from internecine fighting between sunni iraqis and shia iraqis . 
  you can blame us for allowing the civil war to ignite , but to compare the american occupation of iraq and the german occupation of poland is * absurd * . 
  indeed . 
  in the netherlands , is there a stigma among young people against having lots of kids ? 
  i feel like the couple of times my friends and i ( middle-class , college-educated new englanders ) have talked about this , everyone was shocked that i wanted 3-4 kids . 
  2 is apparently the absolute maximum number of kids for bourgeois white kids in the northeast of america . 
  the implications of such low birth rates are frightening . 
  our entire welfare system is built on a set of assumptions about birth rates and longevity and very soon we will have far too many pensioners and far too few workers . 
  no problem . 
  i just wanted to clarify because linguistics is n't taught in schools , so not a lot of people probably understand the significance of being in different language families . 
  r\u00fcgen : the prettiest part of estonia !, 
  i think the polish population in lithuania largely predated the polish control of the vilnius area . 
  there have been lots of poles living in what is now eastern lithuania for centuries , dating back at least to the commonwealth period . 
   also interesting to point out that estonian , finnish and hungarian form their own language family , and are almost entirely unrelated to any indo-european language , despite still being a european language . 
  they * are * entirely unrelated to indo-european languages .
