  there would be conflict throughout the middle east even if israel did n't exist -- as the civil wars in iraq , algeria , and syria have shown -- so it 's not like we give israel money for weapons in order to create conflict . 
  we give israel money for weapons because there * are * conflicts , and we want israel to win them . 
  and because it 's a subsidy for our weapons industry , and because the israelis are constantly improving our weapons so we can steal their improvements . 
  when genome sequencing become cheap enough for me to do it ? 
  the left has as much of a history of totalitarian nanny-states as the right , if not more so . 
  nobody claimed to be more concerned with the moral fiber of its citizens than the ussr . 
  as a person who just jumped off of a king of denmark  emperor of scandinavia/britannia ck2 game to play a ger vicky 2 game , you have great taste . 
  but ag-co primo is the way to go . 
  gavelkind is * awful * . 
  fantastic news indeed . 
  my father 's ( father 's father 's ) family is lithuanian ( and another branch is swedish ) , so i wonder if i have this gene . 
  lithuanians ( and swedes , latvians , estonians , and finns ) have a higher frequency of an [ hiv-resistant gene ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ccr5 ) than basically everyone else . 
  this is because the majority of americans view israel positively and side overwhelmingly with israel over the palestinians . 
  politicians in the us want to be elected : arguing on behalf of the palestinians is likely to torpedo your career in the us , not because of some malignant power of the ~ ~ jews ~ ~ `` israel lobby , '' but because americans like israel and vote for people who say they 'll look out for israel . 
  * classic * british wordplay . 
  the arms embargo was because of tiananmen square and the lack of democratic reforms in china , not the annexation of tibet . 
   ` foot heads arms body ' did some soccer coach give weapons to his team ? 
  can you explain this ? 
  edit : or did a guy named foot become director of some armaments organization ? 
  basque is not an indo-european language . 
  it is a language isolate , a language with no known related languages . 
  the countries go in alphabetical order north-to-south , so you can remember it that way . 
  you realize that sweden ( sverige ) comes from [ svealand ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/svealand ) , right ? 
  which does * not * include norrland or scania ? 
  i 'm wearing those right now ... 
  they 're comfy . 
  all natural languages develop exceptions . 
  it 's a feature of linguistic change that affects * all * languages . 
  exceptions are created or dismissed all the time . 
  be aware that the language barrier is significantly higher for finnish than german for an english speaker . 
  german is a germanic language like english , and they share a lot of cognates ( friend-freund , brother-bruder , etc. 
  ) , so learning german is relatively easy for a native english speaker . 
  finnish , on the other hand , is not related at all to english . 
  it is as distinct from english as navajo or japanese . 
  finnish has a couple of vowels that might be tricky for an english speaker to get the hang out , but the consonants are largely the same . 
  finnish also has a complicated case system , unlike english ( whose case system really only exists vestigially in pronouns ) or german ( whose case system mostly affects articles and adjective declensions ) . 
   i honestly do n't know if any monarchy was changed into a republic peacefully before , especially in a democratic process . 
  the [ wikipedia entry ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abolished_monarchy ) on abolished monarchies is pretty good . 
  the kingdom of italy was abolished in 1946 after a referendum . 
  the kingdom of greece was abolished in 1974 . 
  most recently , in 2008 the nepalese abolished their monarchy in favor of a republic . 
  george washington and de valera too !, 
   i see it as very similar to how arabs see a zionist conspiracy behind everything . 
  the difference is that while basically * nothing * in the arab world has ever actually been the result of a zionist conspiracy and the arab 's paranoia about israel is entirely baseless and irrational , russia is actually responsible for the centuries-long occupation and mass murder of tens of thousands of people in poland , lithuania , latvia , estonia , and ukraine , so it 's not only * not * irrational , but a perfectly rational assessment of russian intentions towards their `` near abroad . '', 
  that sounds about right . 
  so finland might be the answer here . 
  that 's ... horrifying . 
  you have single-handedly destroyed my love of the dutch . 
  overuse of hair gel is just so awful . 
  it looks bad , it feels gross , it 's just * sad * . 
  no , i prefer crew-cutted blond ( / red-headed ) giants . 
  light brown hair is acceptable ( i 'm looking at you , britain ) , but the height is the most important thing . 
  i 'm almost 6 ' 4 '' , so short people really do nothing for me . 
  they 're like children , or adorable teddy bears . 
  edit : do lots of dutch guys gel their hair ? 
  because if so , ugh . 
  i ca n't think of any countries that have stereotypically beautiful women but ugly men * , so it makes sense that both heterosexual and homosexual men would be drawn to the same set of countries . 
  as a gay man , i have to say i 'm a big fan of the dutch/nordic phenotype , but i think that lots of straight men also like the dutch and nords , so i do n't think that really says anything . 
  * except lithuania ? 
  i 've heard that lithuanian women are hot numerous times , but never that lithuanian men are handsome , and i ca n't think of any lithuanian hotties . 
  why palestine ? 
  ooookay ? 
  that 's basically what i just said . 
  i never claimed that there were no baltic collaborators or that baltic war criminals should n't be judged , just that collaboration * in general * in the baltics has a different context than collaboration in western europe . 
  i do n't know how you 're reading that book , but it seems to contradict what you 've been saying . 
  the gist is that the baltic legion was * not * institutionally responsible for nazi war crimes against jews , because the jews of the baltics had been killed before the baltic legion was ever formed . 
  the question was really of whether * individual members * of the baltic legion had perpetrated war crimes before joining , and nobody is denying that there were baltic war criminals who collaborated with the germans in the mass murder of baltic ( and other ) jews . 
   i 'm not sure the glass houses are there . 
  the difference is , in the western european historiography , this is acknowledge and no attempt to ideologically justify the collaborators ' actions is made . 
  the collaborators were judged . 
  the collaborators were shamed , a lot of them were tried . 
  the french , in particular , consider ww2 a shameful page in their history , for giving up without a fight ( and fighting is what they do most , out of all other european nations ) . 
  this is the principal difference : those nations realised that it was wrong , and they 've made conclusions accordingly . 
  well , again , i think there 's a difference in context . 
  the french and dutch , etc. , had no excuse for collaboration . 
  the choice faced by the baltics between the soviets and the nazis , on the other hand , meant that there really was no option . 
  mass killings and deportations of baltics had already happened by the time the nazis invaders . 
   now the statue you refer to , oh boy . 
  that 's a whole different story that i had the displeasure of witnessing : let 's just say that estonians are n't that keen on that statue at all . 
  trust me . 
  well , why should they be ? 
  it 's one thing to commemorate the deaths of all combatants , but it 's quite another to be * happy * about commemorating the deaths of people who died subjugating your country . 
  world war two ended seventy years ago in france , but it only ended twenty years for the baltics . 
  that wound is still fresh . 
  i think that i need to be clear , here : i 'm not defending the practice of collaborating with the nazis . 
  i 'm saying that in this specific instance , it is not shameful for baltic governments to recognize the fighting of baltic military units against the soviets , because of the five-decade soviet occupation that followed . 
  the conflict between the nazis and the soviets gives the collaboration of baltic peoples a different context than the collaboration of western europeans . 
  that page is unavailable to me , so i ca n't speak either way for that . 
  in any case , the point is that although paramilitary groups involved in mass killings of jews * were * incorporated into the ss , the battalions of `` volunteers '' ( really , forced conscripts ) in the waffen-ss were ( to my knowledge ) not involved in those mass killings and were used as wehrmacht battalions , not einsatzgruppen auxiliaries . 
  well , it 's not like most of western europe is squeaky clean . 
  there were dutch , belgian , french , and scandinavian volunteers in the ss as well , and western european police forces were used by the nazis to round up jews . 
  the only country that did n't have any cooperation with the nazis was great britain . 
  if western europeans are so keen to judge nazi collaborators , they would do well to turn their gaze on themselves . 
  let 's remember that unlike the baltics , they had no second terror to fear . 
  they were fighting only the nazis , while the baltics had both the nazis and the soviets to fight . 
  as an american , whose country did not collaborate at all with the nazis , i do n't think the french or the dutch or anyone in western europe ( again , excepting the brits ) has the right to throw stones at baltic collaborators without being called out on their own glass houses . 
  the estonians do honor the fallen combatants of all sides . 
  there 's still a statue of a red army soldier in the graveyard at tallinn ( although it was moved there from a less prominent location , iirc ) . 
  it 's just that on this specific occasion , it was some anniversary for the freedom fighters and so they were honored specifically . 
   i know the reasons for resentment .
