  the idea that a monarch costs ( substantially ) more than a president is silly . 
  most americans actually do n't hate monarchies : we went crazytown bananapants over the royal wedding in britain last year . 
  just because we generally do n't want one for ourselves and do n't want to create any more does n't mean we 're reflexively anti-monarchist . 
  thank god !, 
  smart terrorists are nearly impossible to stop . 
  most of the time potential terrorists are stopped based on stupid mistakes . 
  turkey . 
  well , that could n't be more wrong . 
  also , the map on that page still has the republic of serbia and montenegro on it . 
  i 'm third-generation american at least and * none * of my ancestors imported slaves . 
  moreover , my ancestors range from illiterate lithuanian peasants to somewhat better-off swedish farmers to moderately prosperous english tradesmen . 
  they were not criminals and , if they were uneducated , they did not come simply because they were stupid . 
  they came because there were not enough opportunities where they lived , and there were better opportunities here . 
  they immigrated for the same reasons that spaniards and italians and poles are today immigrating to germany and sweden and the uk . 
  i know : that 's why i laid blame primarily on `` the irish leadership . '', 
  those irish who fought the nazis did not deserve the shameful treatment they got from the irish government . 
  say what you will ; it wo n't convince me that the irish leadership were n't in the wrong for not at least nominally declaring war on germany . 
  it 's truly a moral stain on ireland 's history that their first ( and only ? ), 
  morally ambiguous decision in their independent history was to refuse to fight the nazis . 
  to be fair to him , refusing to fight evil to spite the british did seem rather petty , given the nigh-apocalyptic tone of the conflict . 
  fyi , the firebombing of tokyo is not only a closer analogy to the firebombing of dresden , but it also killed more people than hiroshima and nagasaki , so it sets a more dramatic comparison too . 
  one of my favorite anecdotes about memories of nazism in austria is this : during the filming of the movie * the sound of music * ( which takes place in austria before the second world war ) , the filmmakers wanted to film a scene of the nazis marching into salzburg after the anschluss . 
  they approached the salzburg authorities because filming the scene would require draping salzburg in nazi regalia and they did n't want the residents to be upset . 
  the salzburg authorities did n't seem very keen on the idea , until the filmmakers mentioned that , as a backup , they could just use real film reels of the nazis marching into salzburg from the news . 
  the salzburg authorities almost immediately okayed filming the scene in salzburg and the filmmakers could drape swastikas wherever they pleased . 
  why the sudden change in attitude ? 
  the salzburgers did n't want anyone to see the real newsreel footage of salzburgers cheering with glee as the nazis marched into their city . 
  though , people from new england ( anything east of new york ) do n't like being called yankees because we have a ludicrously strong baseball rivalry with a team called the yankees . 
  * dancing queeeeeen , feel the beat on the tamboriiiiiine , oh yeeeeeah *, 
  yes ... 
  it may have been larger than the kingdom of bohemia at its greatest extent , but for basically the last millennium moravia has been a vassal of bohemia , a subordinate subject of the bohemian crown . 
  in the last hundred years , bohemia stopped being a kingdom and moravia is no longer legally subordinate to any bohemian entity , but it 's still smaller and less important , and for most of history , that was the case . 
  i mean , if czechs wanted to rename it moravia , that 's their prerogative , but i would still think that bohemia would make more sense . 
  whatever , this conversation is n't about the merits or lack thereof of american media outlets . 
  op wanted to know why people who are widely believed to be guilty are being referred to as `` suspect '' and i answered him . 
  our courts and media ca n't control whether or not the rest of us call tsarnaev a `` murderer , '' but they can choose not to do so until he is proven to be such in a court of law . 
  well , the us is not * germany * . 
  germany is smaller and not considered to be a leader in military or security matters by the general populace . 
  expectations of american forces by americans are much higher than of german forces . 
  the munich massacre involved israeli citizens being held hostage by non-german citizens . 
  the shame of germany inviting a foreign team ( who could have been publicly called `` advisers '' or something to a nominally `` german '' force ) to deal with a terrorist problem would have paled in comparison to the actual shame they now deal with because they screwed up the operation . 
  they give at least slightly more of a damn than * reddit * . 
  well , that 's why we have courts that dispense justice and not * mobs * . 
  the american justice system can not control whether or not the public decides on a given defendant 's guilt . 
   so yes , the german police back then was completely unprepared for a situation like this , but so was any other country back then ( with the possible exception of the uk ) . 
  what i find pretty bizarre is your claim that germany should have let israel take over . 
  that 's something no western nation , especially not the us would have accepted . 
  i think you meant to say `` with the possible exception of the uk * and israel * . '', 
  israel did n't pull counterterrorism training out of its ass in the early 2000s . 
  the german authorities had no confidence in their own ability to handle the situation , but instead of allowing an israeli team to handle it -- which the israelis were confident they could do -- they tried to handle it on their own , and screwed it up . 
  instead of saying , `` hey , we do n't have the resources to deal with this , let 's allow the israelis to rescue israeli hostages and then set up our own team so we wo n't be embarrassed again next time , '' they just said , `` oh , well , it would look like we ca n't protect people in our own country if we let the israelis do it , so let 's just wing it and hope we can protect people in our own country . '', 
  well , the courts ca n't control public opinion . 
  that 's why journalistic ethics are important , and why irresponsible `` detective work '' by amateurs is dangerous , as pointed out in the top comment here . 
  so , that 's it ? 
  that 's the end of your self-righteous tirade with your libelous claim about our `` military response '' to terrorism ? 
  `` your police should have different uniforms '' ? 
  thanks , i 'll pass that on to the bpd . 
  i do n't presume to speak for * every * country 's legal system , which is why i said `` american law . '', 
   military is military , no matter under which control . 
  and ? 
  it seems like it was an essentially civilian-run operation , with national guard there as support . 
  it simply was n't a military operation . 
  it was a law enforcement operation . 
  we * did n't * respond to terrorism with a military response : we had our civilian law enforcement agencies deal with it , with some ( it seems relatively minor ) support from state-level military personnel . 
   i was responsible , fucked it up and more people died because of that ? 
  i did n't know that i could do that without even being alive yet back then . 
  speaking of over-identification with a country . 
  good grief , you know what i was saying . 
  the germans fucked it up because of their pride and naivety , and israelis died because of the german authorities ' arrogance and inability . 
  i was answering redrover 's question , which was basically `` why does everyone keep calling him ` suspect ' ? '', 
  the reason is the law -- adherence to which some might call `` pedantic , '' i suppose . 
  okay , good for you . 
  i can do the same with europe . 
  we are probably not representative of our societies as a whole , though , which is my point . 
   still not a reason to me to put armed military on the streets . 
  they 're neither trained nor equipped for policing . 
  uh , can you provide some proof for military presence ? 
  i 'm thinking about it again , and i do n't remember any army , air force , marines , etc. 
  being involved in the cleanup . 
  there were national guards involved , but those are not federal troops , but rather under the control of the commonwealth of massachusetts . 
  i think the operation was entirely done by civilian agencies : police departments and the fbi ( which is essentially a federal civilian police department ) most notably . 
   do i sense hurt nationalist feelings here ? 
  anyway , had you read the article you linked , you would have noticed that it was a different situation . 
  the terrorists had taken hostages and not simply bombed something . 
  despite german police at this time did n't have any unit trained and equipped for forcefully resolving hostage situations , regular police tried to do it and failed . 
  afterwards , a specialized police unit for such purposes was founded ( gsg9 ) what you * sense * is some resentment that europeans act all high and mighty about our response to terrorism , but when it happened in your country and * you * were responsible for dealing with it , you fucked it up and more people died as a result . 
  ( also , refusing to let the israelis deal with it themselves because it would hurt your pride was disastrously arrogant . ), 
   military is the inappropriate tool to respond to terrorism . 
  military is for waging war . 
  terrorism is a crime . 
  that 's what we 've got police for . 
  the last time germany has used military for law enforcement , it was n't too pleasant for a part of the german population and the rest of the world . 
  since then , the military has had no business whatsoever messing with internal affairs in germany . 
  unfortunately the terror craze politicians got into after 9/11 has weakened this principle . 
  and , again , i 'd like to see proof that the boston manhunt was actually a military operation , since what i 'm reading seems to indicate that it was a civilian police operation . 
  well i obviously find the rest of the world interesting too ( otherwise i would n't be an american on / r/europe ) , but the self-righteousness and arrogance of people who think themselves better than everyone else just because they read different newspapers or different genres of books does rankle badly . 
  the vast majority of people throughout human history just want to live their lives : to do well enough to feed and house and clothe themselves and their families and to be generally decent people while doing so . 
  looking down on people because they do n't remember events of a decade ago , thousands of miles away , is just unreasonable and arrogant . 
  what irritates me is not that europeans are less aware of american geography than i am , but of the hypocritical attitude they adopt about the average american 's geographical knowledge while the average european 's geographical knowledge is frankly not substantially better ( and where it is better , it 's because of an unequal flow of cultural material from america to europe and not the other way ) . 
   this just reaffirms my belief that 90 % of the people in your country does n't really care about the rest of the world .
