  * i am not familiar enough with sanskrit grammarians to know about how they dealt with historical linguistics : it is completely possible that south asian grammarians wrote similarly comprehensive analyses beforehand . 
  exactly . 
  `` arabic , '' with many mutually unintelligible dialects , is considered one language by the layman , while mutually intelligible danish , norwegian , and swedish are considered separate languages . 
  `` jewry '' is the jewish equivalent of `` christendom . '', 
  i took multiple courses on jewish history and culture in college and none of my jewish professors took offense at the word . 
  i honestly thought op 's post was trying to parody european snobbery until pretty much everyone took him seriously and agreed with him . 
  for every european complaining about loud , obnoxious americans there is an american complaining about joyless , unfriendly europeans . 
  but seriously , as an american , that entire continent needs to smile more . 
  disclaimer : it 's 2 am and this is all based on stuff i 'm remembering from 6 months ago . 
  basically , there are 9 nuclear nations : the five unsc members ( us , russia , uk , france , china ) , india , pakistan , israel , and north korea . 
  the us , the uk , france , and india developed their nuclear deterrents independently ; the soviets had a spy in the manhattan project , so i 'm marking their path as having significant ( unwitting ) help from the us and uk , and china had significant soviet assistance during the early stages of their nuclear program , though that assistance was cut off after the sino-soviet split . 
  i think pakistan also developed their program independently , but i do n't remember and wikipedia 's not helping me out . 
  the french definitely helped the israelis and the pakistanis helped the norks . 
  imliterallydyinghere is incorrect . 
  anyone may convert to judaism and be accepted as just as jewish as someone who was `` born jewish . '', 
  since judaism is a communal religion , though , you must get permission from the community -- in the form of a court of three rabbis ( nowadays , anyway ; the technical rule is only one rabbi and two learned men , i think ) -- to become jewish . 
  once the court , called a * beit din * , approves of your conversion , then you take a dip in a ritual bath and pop out jewish . 
  this is completely untrue . 
  i personally know people with no jewish relatives who have converted to judaism and are accepted as completely jewish by the jews around them . 
  i even know black jews who converted . 
  also , you do n't have to marry a jew to become jewish . 
  in fact , you are not technically allowed to convert for the purpose of marrying a jew : the conversion must be for the sake of your own personal beliefs . 
   they started with the sympathy and support of most of the world . 
  the british actually led the forces fighting against the israelis in the israeli war for independence , and the only people who gave any kind of help to the israelis at the start was the soviets , who convinced the czechoslovaks to sell the israelis captured nazi guns . 
  after a little while , the soviets realized the israelis were not going to be a client state , and the help stopped . 
  the rest of europe did exactly nothing to help the israelis during their war of independence and the first years of the state . 
  then , after the war for independence was already won , france was israel 's patron for a while , but eventually they too dropped israel on its ass to try and make friends with the arabs after finally letting algeria go . 
  after that point , pretty much nobody in europe has done fuck-all for israel , except for germany , whose help is in actuality compelled by treaty as recompense for the * millions * of jews they murdered ( with the help of the rest of europe , with varying degrees of reluctance ) . 
  where 's the sympathy ? 
  where 's the support ? 
  at what point did israel * ever * have the sympathy , let alone any material support , from `` most of the world ? '', 
   maybe all the stereotypical americans go to paris and the good ones go to eastern europe ? 
  to be entirely honest : this is true . 
  it is very expensive to go to europe from america , so in general , if you 're going to go , most people are going to go see the `` best '' parts of europe , which are london , paris , and a number of fine italian cities . 
  many americans may also visit `` the motherland : '' i.e. 
  ireland , italy or germany . 
  moreover , most americans old enough to afford a vacation to europe grew up during the cold war , when eastern europe was hard to visit , oppressive , and frankly , not as nice as western europe . 
  it 's a lot different nowadays , but old habits die hard . 
  even younger people who go on vacation to europe generally hit prague or amsterdam instead of eastern europe , since those are seen as more fun and cheaper alternatives to paris or london , but are still safely westernized and comfortable . 
  so your hypothesis is probably correct . 
  the people who are likely to go to eastern europe are likely either ethnic nationals from eastern europe ( polish-americans are the biggest diaspora from there ) , or they are relatively well-educated or knowledgeable enough about contemporary europe to know how nice eastern europe has gotten since the end of the cold war . 
   also , on public buses or trains , do n't try to strike up a conversation unless there is a distinct reason to . 
  in the us , people keep trying to talk to me even though my headphones are clearly visible . 
  must be a regional thing in the us , though . 
  this is regional . 
  in new england we give you death stares if you talk loudly on the bus or subway . 
  israel 's nuclear capability was developed with * french * aid , during the days of * alg\u00e9rie fran\u00e7aise * , when france 's relationship with the arabs was less than friendly . 
  devout straight catholics also believe that sex outside of marriage is a `` transgression , '' so believing that your natural instincts are transgressions is not limited to gays . 
  there was no palestinian state in 1967 . 
  the palestinians declared independence in [ 1988 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/palestinian_declaration_of_independence ) . 
  fatah sends their guy to the un . 
  both fatah and hamas are ruling undemocratically and unconstitutionally , but international politics have decided that fatah is the `` legit '' palestine . 
  from the [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/righteous_among_the_nations ) on righteous among the nations :  to be recognized as `` righteous '' , a person has to fulfill several criteria :  * only a jewish party can put a nomination forward ;  * helping a family member or jewish person convert to christianity is not a criterion for recognition ;  * the assistance has to be repeated and/or substantial ; and  * the assistance has to be given without any financial gain expected in return ( although covering normal expenses such as rent or food is acceptable ) . 
  it 's not given to `` great heroes '' generally : it 's given specifically and only to non-jews who saved jewish lives during the shoah . 
   it could be argued the israelis hide behind civilians , too - i seem to remember the headquarters of the idf is in tel aviv , and surrounded by apartment blocks . 
  heck , it could also be argued the israelis put civilians in harms way by creating illegal settlements they know will be attacked . 
  israel has plenty of isolated military bases to attack . 
  if you 're arguing that because hakirya is located in a population center , the israelis are guilty of hiding behind civilians , then america ( pentagon ) , france ( h\u00f4tel de brienne ) , the uk ( whitehall ) , etc. 
  are equally guilty . 
  canada will always be our favorite . 
  or our `` fools ' errand '' in nazi germany , which you thoughtfully saw fit to prosecute your own people as traitors for fighting in . 
  i did know that , and i always bring the topic up when irish-americans start spouting irish-nationalist nonsense . 
  i know that irish-americans -- especially in my hometown of boston -- funded anti-british terrorists . 
  i always remind irish-americans of the british civilian casualties when they engage in any kind of irish-nationalist nonsense . 
  oh , okay , those bombings of civilian locations were `` provoked , '' so they 're fine . 
  it takes no courage at all to thumb your nose at someone who does n't give a shit about you . 
  america has no reason to care what ireland thinks of our prison system . 
  you 're not exactly winning the moral high ground with your neutrality ( which prevents you from ever having to put your own lives at risk ) and your people 's history of terroristic violence against our second-favorite ally . 
  not necessarily a fair comparison , since europe 's infrastructure is not set up for driving , while america 's is . 
  most of the stuff we buy and use -- including and especially food -- is delivered to the places we buy it from in trucks . 
  if you increase the cost of driving in america , you 're just increasing the cost of living all across the board , and the people who will be most affected are the poor . 
  linguistically speaking , latvian and lithuanian are actually more closely related to slavic languages than to scandinavian languages , since baltic and slavic languages descend from a common [ balto-slavic ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balto-slavic_languages ) ancestor language . 
  your point is true , though , that the baltics consider themselves more in northern europe than in eastern europe . 
  the israeli-palestinian conflict 's only importance is its ability to produce instability in the middle east . 
  us foreign policy in the middle east is about maintaining stability under our own aegis . 
  the iranian-saudi competition is just as important , if not more so , than the israeli-palestinian conflict . 
  the i-p conflict has not prevented israeli cooperation with arab states ( jordan and the gulf states in particular ) , and as long as arab leaders know that war with israel would be terrible for them , they can pump as much anti-israel propaganda into their population as they like , since the leaders will maintain the balance of power , and that 's all we want . 
  as for egypt , sadat wanted to flip over to the us camp . 
  we did n't engineer egypt 's crossover to the west : egypt did . 
  the yom kippur war was fought to give sadat the cover to accept a peace with israel in exchange for american cash . 
  the details of the israeli-palestinian conflict are irrelevant . 
  it 's not really important to american leaders whether palestine is recognized as a state at the un . 
  it would make no practical difference and would require only perhaps slight changes in rhetoric , and basically no change in what we actually do . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
  oh wow , * two * un resolutions ? 
  holy shit , i 'm quaking in my boots at the mass of american resolve thrown at the i-p conflict . 
  it 's important for domestic reasons , because of our population 's particular preexisting proclivity for supporting israel , but the conflict itself is not ultimately of major importance . 
  none of the reasonably plausible outcomes of the conflict really make a difference to american foreign policy . 
  whether or not israel keeps maale adumim or the northern jordan valley or whatever , or whether palestine is an independent state or an autonomous region ( or an empty memory ) is simply not important to the grand design of american foreign policy . 
  what is important is that we have a balance of power in the middle east and that states we like have the edge against states that reject our influence . 
  if all the jews of israel were booted out or murdered , we were be quite sad , but american foreign policy would not change . 
  maybe the american people do , but it 's a pretty minor issue to our leaders , who have much bigger problems to worry about . 
  even the extreme ends of possibilities of what might happen with the israeli-palestinian conflict do n't really affect american foreign policy in the long term . 
  but as i said elsewhere , not really , because american leaders probably do n't consider french opposition to this to be unacceptable . 
  having france `` oppose '' america on issues we really do n't care that much about will make france 's agreement with us on actually important things more significant . 
  edit : also , opposing this has basically no negative either in the domestic or international political arena . 
  there are two members of the unsc on the map , as well as almost all of africa , south america , and asia . 
  i just do n't understand how anyone who has thought for more than 10 milliseconds about france 's position could consider it ballsy . 
  it 's not ballsy . 
  it 's practical , and , as i said elsewhere , american leaders probably do not consider french opposition a major problem , so there is basically no downside to it .
