  * [ ethnicity ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a7/census-2000-data-top-us-ancestries-by-county.svg ) : new england is dominated by irish , italians , and english ; greater new york by italians ; the midwest is a vast bloc of germans ; the lowland south is majority african-american , while the highland south self-identifies as `` american '' ( they 're mostly descended from northern english and scots ) ; the southwest has many mexicans ; and the great basin is overwhelmingly english . 
  the distribution of french in northern new england and louisiana and of scandinavians in the upper midwest are again evident here . 
  * demographics : i 'm kind of too lazy to post a lot of links , but here there are a few major regional differences too . 
  birth rates are very low in new england , in the middle in the south and midwest , and very high in the great basin ( [ big mormon families !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkf4t8ip6fs ) ) and southwest . 
  higher education degrees are concentrated in the northeast corridor ( washington to boston ) , colorado , and the california bay area . 
  demographic indicators vary widely by region . 
  you can find examples of wider differences between european countries for every one of these regional differences , but i think many european underestimate the degree of regional variation between american regions . 
  can we stop posting things from the world socialist web site ? 
  i do n't think trotskyites are really the most trustworthy source of information . 
  well , to be fair to the uk , your country also claimed northern ireland in its very constitution ( which was likewise amended following the good friday agreement ) . 
  it 's not like there were no outstanding problems between the uk and ireland and the uk was slighting you without any provocation . 
   we are the only ones who can display our flag at the same height as the us because we are a former nation . 
  ( sorry if republic and nation are different , i do n't know how to word correctly ) that 's an [ urban legend ] ( http://www.snopes.com/history/american/texasflag.asp ) . 
  any state/commonwealth can display its flag at the same height as the us flag : there are no special privileges for the texan flag . 
  here 's a picture of the [ massachusetts state house ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/4/49/massachusetts_state_house%2c_exterior.jpg ) , which has two identical flagpoles in front , with the us flag and the massachusetts flags both displayed at the top , at the same height . 
  full disclosure : i have * never * heard the state ( commonwealth ? ), 
  song of massachusetts before looking it up . 
  and thank god i had n't . 
  it is [ * unbelievably shite * ] ( http://www.sec.state.ma.us/cis/cissng/statesong.mp3 ) . 
  holy crap , it 's awful . 
  as if that 's an exclusively american trait ? 
  it 's an easy mistake to make , given that the other minority languages in spain -- catalan , galician , etc. -- are all related to castilian . 
  basque is not a dialect of spanish . 
  it 's not even related to spanish . 
  it 's a language isolate , a language that is completely unrelated to any known language . 
  because * soooooo * many europeans cared about genocide in guatemala ? 
   and still lost . 
  `` gave up '' is a more accurate description . 
   yeah we ended up fighting it on our own because our allies showed their true colours in that they were only interested when it benefitted them . 
  i would 've supported providing you with active military aid , if that matters . 
  iirc , reagan offered some technical or materiel support . 
  but as the falklands are outside the atlantic treaty , and the us has no comprehensive defensive treaty with the uk ( which we should ) , we had no legal casus belli against argentina . 
  i understand that the official name of the state in english is `` ireland , '' but i just think that it 's silly for irish people or the irish government to get upset about britain using `` eire '' instead . 
  but \u00c9ire is used in the preamble of the english version of the irish constitution , so it 's not like the irish government has not done exactly the same thing . 
  and ireland 's official name is '' \u00c9ire , '' so i 'm still not seeing how they 're that different . 
  uh , so , like the situation with iran , which for hundreds of years was called `` persia '' until we started calling it `` iran ? '', 
  south korea and japan would disagree . 
  the philippines is less obviously successful , but it also started from a much worse place . 
  sometimes they do . 
  the 9/11 hijackers traveled on their real passports , for instance . 
  but if the evidence of your actual plan to commit terrorism is inadmissible in court ( e.g. 
  obtained by torture ) , then they could use this little administrative reason to deport you anyway . 
   you managed to stop the ireland-north ireland ( uk ) violence . 
  something israel still ca n't figure out . 
  to be fair to israel , the irish republicans never went around claiming that london and liverpool were `` occupied ireland '' like very many mainstream palestinians claim that tel aviv and eilat are `` occupied palestine . '', 
   yes you did . 
  you outright got the shit kicked out of you because of a fucked up method of warfare that does n't work . 
  you lost vietnam militarily because your generals decided that winning battles , not occupation of territory , was sufficient to win a war . 
  we killed the vietnamese on a 20-to-1 ratio . 
  the reason we withdrew from vietnam was because people did n't want to be drafted anymore and the american public no longer had the will to fight the vietnamese . 
  if you compare the american withdrawal from vietnam to the french withdrawal after dien bien phu , the difference is stark . 
  the americans left because we found the cost-benefit analysis to not be worth it ; the french left because their military capability had been shattered . 
   you were forced out of iraq . 
  you left a country in complete disarray which was not the plan . 
  you were forced out by the factions in iraq telling you it would get a whole lot worse if you did n't leave . 
  we left because the factions would n't stop killing each other and frankly , it 's not our job to stop 1100-year-old religious infighting . 
  if the sunnis and shia want to slaughter each other , fine . 
  at least it 's not government-run genocide like it was under saddam hussein . 
   at least we have . 
  oh and at least we 've won a war post ww2 on our own . 
  that 's nice , but at least we have sufficient allies that we 've never had to fight a war on our own . 
  also , we do n't care about painting the world map a pretty pink color like the british empire . 
  what we care about is maintaining regional balances of power so trade does not get interrupted . 
  we neither need nor want to rule the world directly . 
  i 'm unclear as to whether you 're calling nazi germany or soviet russia `` one minor nuisance , '' but i do n't really think either is true . 
  and again , if we could have ejected the soviets in 1945 at any * reasonable * cost of blood and treasure , we would have done so . 
  not a few prominent americans were in favor of doing so . 
  as an american descended from lithuanians and a person who identifies communism as not only a bad but an * evil * ideology , i assure you i have no love for the soviets . 
  but , i think you 're being unreasonable with your expectations here . 
  besides , once you all did regain your independence and eject the soviet occupiers , did n't we welcome you into nato ? 
  we promised the russians we would n't , but we did -- which really incensed the russians -- because we were not going to abandon you when we had the opportunity to keep you safe . 
  as opposed to a washington post article from 8 years ago that actually contradicted your point by implying that more than half the recruits came from households that were middle-class or richer ? 
  well , there 's no such thing as a free lunch . 
  the point is that we were selling weapons to you , not the nazis or the japanese . 
  in world war ii , the united states suffered ~ 418,000 deaths . 
  the united kingdom suffered ~ 450,000 deaths . 
  it 's not a huge disparity , there . 
  it is , to be quite frank , truly offensive to dismiss the tremendous sacrifices made by the united states to defeat japan and germany . 
  hundreds of thousands of deaths is not `` pretending to chip in . '', 
  besides , i do n't see what you 're complaining about . 
  you won . 
  we helped . 
  and when the war was over , we helped more by rebuilding everything in western europe . 
  we are n't a cow to be milked for money whenever you need it : we expected to be repaid , and we were . 
  it 's quite simple . 
  i do n't see why you 're so irritated about it . 
  not our fault you could n't afford the empire you had . 
  nothing in life is free or fair . 
  actually i 'm pretty sure the us got directly involved in wwii when japan sank half the pacific fleet and germany declared war on us . 
  however , we were already indirectly involved in wwii ( on britain 's side ! ), 
  by 1940 , when we gave [ 50 destroyers to the royal navy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/destroyers_for_bases_agreement ) ( and royal canadian navy ) in september , after having given a bunch of ammo and guns in june . 
   we did what your country has been unable to - sail a taskforce to the opposite side of the world and fight a militarily technologically equal force with superior numbers on their own doorstep and win . 
  so much for your military superiority . 
  technically speaking , it would be impossible for us to fight a militarily technologically equal force with superior numbers because our military technology is so advanced that no one is technologically equal to us , and only a handful of countries have more troops than we do ( if you 're counting by active military , * only * the chinese have more troops than we do ) . 
  saying `` so much for your military superiority '' because we can not win as an underdog because no one is militarily superior to us is a ludicrous thing to say . 
  we ca n't win as an underdog because * we 're so much more powerful than everyone else * . 
  i mean , good for you , i 'm impressed by what you did with the falklands , but your overall point is not valid . 
  as for our wars : korea * was * a stalemate , i agree . 
  we did n't `` lose '' vietnam militarily , but politically , which was the fault of the us domestic opinion and the failures of the republic of vietnam government to win legitimacy from the people .
