  so despite the fact that the isreali government is openly pro-war , openly admits to killing people , it 's more important that they 're politically stable ? 
  stability is the most-demanded political good of all time . 
  nobody anywhere likes instability . 
  that 's why dictators appear in unstable countries : because people do n't like not knowing what their country will look like tomorrow . 
  america has a political system that has undertaken enormous , society-changing political decisions ( like desegregation , women 's suffrage , and , obviously , the civil war ) , but it has never fallen into instability or had to change the fundamentals of its governing system . 
  we do n't * need * to trash our constitution to allow for reform , even huge , widespread reform . 
  we might not get every `` progressive '' desire immediately , but you can bet that in a generation or two it 'll be a fact of life here , and adopted by a majority of the population . 
  this is only unacceptable to people who do n't understand long-term thinking , children who point and say `` gim me gim me gim me '' at every shiny object they see . 
  the overall good of maintaining social stability -- a constant throughout human history -- overrides the immediate good to individuals or small groups in our society . 
  so yes , stability with the possibility of gradual reform * is * the best state of government , and always will be . 
  or do you think people make up constitutions planning on them being completely thrown out in 10/50/100 years ' time ? 
  people write constitutions with the intention of making them last : when those constitutions get thrown out , it 's because the people who wrote them * failed * . 
   also , what other developed countries have had a coup or a revolution since 1948 ? 
  uh , [ * france * ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/may_1958_crisis ) ? 
  every single post-soviet state ( except belarus ) ? 
  the successive reorganizations of the belgian government in the latter half of the xx century ? 
  i suppose so . 
  in response , i have a question for you . 
  regarding the topic , do you agree with the majority of european redditors here who claim that our public displays of pride in our soldiers are a sign of fascism ? 
  do you believe that america is moving , however slowly , towards fascism , as others have claimed ? 
  or do you have an explanation as to why , in their heyday , neither communism nor fascism enjoyed popular support in america ? 
   the civil war was easily the most important event in the creation of american national consciousness . 
  political systems , you know , are n't the entire end and beginning of a nation . 
  for example , the government of england extends back at least into the early 1000 's . 
  but the concept of the nation of england ? 
  that did n't exist until the elizabethian age and even after did n't get ramped up until the colonization and empire periods . 
  uh , okay ? 
  this is not really relevant . 
  this conversation is not about * why * americans think the way i claim they do , but whether they do , and whether they affects their propensity for endorsing fascism or communism . 
   i just do n't agree . 
  the constitution is not considered sacred . 
  it 's considered very useful , and as a work of political science genius , but its treated in the same way that our best machines are : a very useful device . 
  really ? 
  think * very hard * about how congressmen would react if one of them walked up to the podium and said , `` the constitution of the 1700s is no longer acceptable to the realities of twenty-first century life , we have to write a new constitution to adapt to twenty-first century realities . '', 
  what , do you think , would be the reaction of other congressmen ? 
  or the press ? 
  or that congressman 's constituents ? 
  because i think he would be booed into silence , ripped apart by the press , and summarily thrown out of office if he stupidly tried to run for reelection . 
  we might not consciously say that the constitution is untouchable ( excepting the possibility of amendments ) , but nobody thinks that getting rid of the constitution entirely is a viable idea in america . 
   furthermore , the idea of america celebrating the individual is true ... but that does n't really make us special . 
  tons of societies - western civilization , really - is full of individual worship . 
  are they , really ? 
  with the exception of maybe the british ( who are almost as good at assimilating immigrants as americans ) , european societies are essentially inward-looking and communitarian . 
  germany is for germans ; sweden is for swedes ; lithuania is for lithuanians . 
  they might pretend , to americans and arabs and koreans , that they is not true , or that turkish-germans are germans and somali-swedes are swedes , but that belief is not really deeply believed in those cultures . 
  turks are turks ; somalis are somalis ; and they are emphatically * not * germans or swedes . 
  any society that is primarily ethnocentric ca n't really celebrate the individual , except as part of the ethnic collective . 
  moreover , the more socialist policies adopted by european governments take the stance that `` people must give so that no one is left behind , '' and that stance is accepted by the majority of the public . 
  in america , this argument is less persuasive , since most people do n't think that an individual 's failure to prosper is the responsibility of society at large . 
  things like social security and unemployment are controversial in the us in a way that they are not in europe . 
  i do n't think that 's a difference we can ignore . 
   i agreed with you up until we got there . 
  american identity is mainly about accepting the idea of being american . 
  america is an immigrant nation . 
  you become american simply be saying , `` i 'm american '' and moving into a building here . 
   the rest - why we have high religion , why we have only two parties - is a result of extremely varied things that can be repeated in other countries . 
  i disagree . 
  this is obviously not , for most people , a consciously-understood state of mind . 
  but i do think that the general worldview espoused by most americans has two things in common : the constitution is our american bible ( to be reinterpreted , not to be thrown out ) , and individuals can and will make a difference in the world . 
  of course , religion and a two-party system can appear elsewhere ; but in my opinion ( and the opinion of people smarter than me ) , those qualities of the american state of mind are the reasons that * we * have high religiosity , entrepreneurship , etc. .  imma have to bust your balls on this one : 1860 was huge as fuck . 
  the 1930s , 60 's and 80 's too . 
  the whole , `` freeing the slaves '' , `` creating a welfare state '' , `` desegreating and sexually liberalizing '' and , finally , `` dismantling the welfare state . '' ... 
  . yeah , maybe we did n't get a new electoral system , but common , man . 
  obviously the civil war was important , but it did n't ultimately change any of the underlying structure of government . 
  part of the country revolted , and then they were brought back into line . 
  by force . 
  the union did n't change to accommodate the ex-confederates . 
  none of the rest of the stuff you listed are fundamental changes to our political system , either . 
  in fact , that we could make those huge , society-rending changes * without * a radical change in our political system proves both the flexibility and the resilience of the system set up by the founding fathers . 
  okay . 
  have fun with that idea . 
   i ask because since you have n't lived anywhere else , you are unable to compare different governments . 
  i have lived in the us , serbia ( of course ) , austria and australia , and trust me , you are overdue for a revolution . 
  how can you say that your government has a clean slate when you have no way of comparing it to other governments in the developed world ? 
  in what way are we `` overdue for a revolution ? '', 
  what could a revolution fix that gradual change or legal use of the existing political structures could not ? 
  revolutions are acts of desperation . 
  and i never said our government has a clean slate : i said that americans have thus far never considered our government 's slate so irreparably dirty that we needed to wipe it clean in a revolution and start from square one . 
   i 've also been to israel for 4-5 months , they do n't exactly have a clean record either . 
  no , but their political structures have thus far proven quite stable . 
  israel has not suffered a single coup or revolution since its birth in 1948 , which is truly exceptional for a post-colonial country . 
   lots of americans , and dare i say yourself included , think of their country as being awesome , their government being this or that , but that is mostly because they are unable to compare to other nations in the world . 
  the info about the western eu you guys receive is from media only , and they 're such an incredible propaganda machine ( really is the 4th branch of the government ) . 
   i really like americans as the people in general and i am sad to see them this way . 
  you guys are being screwed over . 
  you are being butt-fucked . 
  and then they tell you `` it 's for your own good '' , and you believe them . 
  we think our country is awesome because it * is * awesome . 
  what else could you call the almost unparalleled stability of our governmental system , or our unequaled control of the ocean , or our power to assimilate any and every immigrant group that comes to our shores , or our ability to export our culture to every corner of the earth ? 
  and a lot of people all over the world agree with us . 
  people are practically beating down the doors to get into our country . 
  we do n't just get some immigrants : we can choose the cream of the crop from every country on earth . 
  on a global scale , very few countries offer any real opposition to long-term us goals . 
  yes , america has problems -- we have unemployment ( though not as bad as in some european countries ) , we need education reform , our government spends more than it can afford , from the local to the federal level -- but none of that has made us any less awesome , and i mean `` awesome '' in the biblical , `` awe-inspiring '' sense . 
  but please , enlighten me . 
  do tell , how exactly is america outshined by western eu countries ? 
  i lived in israel on a study abroad program . 
  other than that , no . 
  why do you ask ? 
  it would depend on the circumstances , but i disagree .
