  it 's unfortunate that a few radicals manage to hijack the discussion so often . 
  most threads are good , but we ca n't go too long without a thread bashing gypsies or muslims . 
  or jews . 
  anti-palestinianism is rampant among arabs , especially lebanese , syrians , and bedouin jordanians . 
  it 's not really a problem in the west , certainly nowhere near as much as antisemitism is . 
  the blame was falsely attributed to israel , and people * still * seem to believe that muhammad al-durah was killed by the israelis . 
  you 're not really disproving my `` none of you give a single fuck about real antisemitism '' argument . 
  how are they acting like dicks ? 
  all they 're saying is `` hey , what you 're saying is offensive . '', 
  being dickish requires causing actual harm . 
  the worst you can say about european jews nowadays is `` whiny '' if you take an uncharitable view . 
  well , you may not have to give the jews `` special treatment , '' but it does not take a superhuman amount of empathy to look inside and try to understand why jews do not see the shoah the same way you do . 
  frankly , you have to be an idiot or a sociopath not to at least sort of understand . 
  if acts of terrorism is the reason , why are n't you all breathing down turkey 's neck ? 
  turkey killed and displaced more kurds in the 90s than israel did in 100 years of the israeli-arab conflict , and terrorism is still a regular occurrence there . 
  civilians were being shelled in sri lanka , why were n't you hosting tamil-sinhalese peace conferences and boycotting sri lanka ? 
  there are atrocities committed all over the place , by scale much larger than that of the israeli-palestinian conflict ( in which * trees * make the front page of the bbc ) , but you would have to be completely blind to claim that the focus on israel is not extremely disproportionate to what israel actually does . 
   also , why do you think europe has cause to be so anti-semitic ? 
  antisemitism * is n't * based on `` cause . '', 
  it is by definition an * irrational * hatred of or bigotry against jews . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  europeans have no objective reason to dislike jews the way they do , and yet , they still do !, 
  jews get associated with every negative connotation : jews are ultra-nationalists ; jews are russia-loving communists ; jews are exploitative capitalists ; jews are israel-loving traitors ; etc. . 
  jews did n't make themselves disliked . 
  they were already disliked because nobody in europe ever actually liked jews . 
  you 've just all deluded yourselves into thinking that events that happened `` when [ your ] grandfather was young '' just do n't matter anymore , which is completely and utter bs . 
  obviously jews disagree , because the idea that the single largest , most catastrophic destruction of jewish life and culture * ever * is irrelevant because it happened 50 + years is so ludicrously stupid that you would have to be delusional to believe that . 
  but apparently , that is precisely the attitude which many europeans take . 
  instead of trying to understand why jews in particular are so emotionally invested in persecution of or bigotry towards jews -- in light of the incalculable loss of life and cultural heritage because of european antipathy towards jews that happened in living memory -- you seem to think that you can simply hand-wave away any memories that are awkward for you and dismiss jews as being irrational . 
  that is * precisely * the kind of `` we do n't particularly like jews because they make themselves unlikeable '' nonsense that indicates that nothing at all has changed in europeans ' perceptions of jews since wwii . 
  the responses to this post do absolutely nothing to convince jews who believe europeans are just as unabashedly antisemitic or unrepentant as ever otherwise . 
  literally all of you are accusing jewish organizations in europe of leading an irrational witch hunt . 
  good grief . 
  nobody believes that the overwhelming majority of your humans rights criticisms go towards israel for any reason other than antisemitism . 
  there is no objective reason why a single palestinian child 's * faked * death ( muhammad al-durah ) got more press for much longer than the deaths of dozens in other countries . 
  how often does the bbc issue a news report about the number of moroccan homes being built in western sahara , or the number of anatolian turks in north cyprus , or any other statistics in any other crisis zone ? 
  israel gets a degree of scrutiny and criticism totally out of all proportion to the objective scale of its activities . 
  when your response to * any * accusation of antisemitism is `` well , you always say everyone is antisemitic , so who cares , '' then the only conclusion is that you do n't actually care about people being antisemitic . 
  i was responding to hammyman 's claim that america `` fucking off '' is what `` people in europe have been asking since the end of the cold war . '', 
  i think european internal cooperation is preferable to being dependent on america too , but i think a lot of europeans in this thread are vastly overestimating europe 's capabilities independent of american might and being hyperbolic in their criticism of american military thought about europe . 
  oh sorry , i forget we 've entered the time after time , where there is no war and no possibility of war ever happening in the future . 
  just because you personally are not threatened at this moment does n't mean that there are no threats . 
  russia has used its natural resources as a weapon against ukraine , the baltics , and poland in an attempt to keep its `` near abroad '' under russian `` protection . '', 
  if it had the chance , it would do exactly the same thing it did to georgia to estonia , latvia , etc. . obviously the military threat is n't the same as it was in the 80s , but it 's still real , and europeans are pathetically unprepared for the very real possibility of war . 
  israel is an extremely safe country with very low rates of both violent and nonviolent crime . 
  its war tend to be relatively low-casualty and israeli society puts great emphasis on keeping everyone safe . 
  itt : western europeans forget central/eastern europeans exist , bitch endlessly about american nosiness while completely handwaving away any real military threats to european states . 
   please mr. 
  ambassador can the us military do what people in europe have been asking since the end of the cold war and just fuck off back home ? 
  yeah , because the poles , lithuanians , latvians , estonians , romanians , czechs , etc. 
  have been ** begging ** for us to get the fuck out . 
  it 's not any worse than turkey 's , but at least israel 's not occupying an eu member state . 
  there 's no need to be rude . 
  i am a native english speaker ( albeit a stupid , barely literate american ) and i can read his post just fine . 
  most americans are taught that the americas are two separate continents , north and south america . 
  generally it 's europeans who lump them together , in my experience . 
  `` computer '' is just a french loanword `` compute '' ( from french `` computer '' ) with a germanic suffix '' - er '' attached to it . 
  why should the french be upset about being forced to use a word they gave us in the first place ? 
  they were , but they spoke a langue d'oil language related to french . 
  \u05d7\u05d2 \u05d4\u05de\u05d5\u05dc\u05d3 , * chag hamolad * , `` holiday of the birth . '', 
  krak\u00f3w is my favorite european city that i 've visited ( v. berlin , prague , budapest , and madrid ) . 
  it 's big enough to feel like a city while remaining picturesque and quaint . 
  also , cheap . 
  well , one time i had chips before going to a restaurant where i had cheese fries and potato skins , but i think 3 's my record . 
  i 'm a ginger american and people always make irish jokes when i tell them that i want both mashed potatoes and fries with my food . 
  well , it 'd obviously be easier to shoot someone . 
  guns are designed to make injuring things easier . 
  i do n't see what you 're trying to get at here . 
  it would be easier to kill someone with a gun , but under the right circumstances , i ( and you , and everyone else here ) could do it without a gun . 
  i mean , i 've never killed anyone with my bare hands , and i like to think that i wo n't ever have to , but i think that , under the right conditions , i * could * . 
  also , given the downvotes , apparently quite a few europeans think they 're above base human instinct . 
  well , we are `` obsessed '' with the constitution because it is the central figure of our communal identity . 
  unlike european states , which only pretend to have civic nationalism but which are in fact actually ethnic-based nation-states ( which is also fine by me , but be honest about it ) , america actually has real civic nationalism . 
  the basis of that identity is the constitution and its continued role in the republic . 
  it can also be pretty easily interpreted to allow capital punishment , and the scotus has done so . 
  death is neither a cruel nor an unusual punishment , assuming that the punishment fits the crime . 
   well , then the us should \u201e severely limit the presence '' of guns . 
  most us states do . 
  i think i did not articulate my point clearly enough . 
  we do not ban things , really , for being * politically objectionable * , like fascism or communism or hate speech , because we believe in a free market of ideas . 
  but we can and do ban things for being * morally objectionable * , because we think they 're wrong and people should n't do them , like incest or gay marriage or drug use . 
  we can argue about the validity of those objections , but i think that they come from a different place than the desire to ban objectionable political statements or the like . 
  given that our military spent most of the last 50 years opposing a tyrannical empire , i suspect they would find the use of force wielded by a democracy against an oppressive autocracy and its proxies to be perfectly acceptable . 
  that 's not a prohibition against an army . 
  and in any case , our army has constantly been in use . 
  we have n't had a standing army just dicking around doing fuck-all like sweden or something . 
  our army has always been fighting , either natives or mexicans or spaniards or germans or more germans or whatever , since we 've had one . 
  if one assumes that those two-year terms of armies would be extended in time of need ( and that is the assumption we have been using for basically our entire existence ) , then we would never have had to disband our army anyway since it 's always been in use . 
   can you imagine killing somebody with your bare hands ? 
  i cant . 
  can you imagine kiling somebody with a knife ? 
  nope . 
  yes and yes . 
  people do those things all the time and i do not consider myself a superhuman being impervious to instinct . 
  if i was sufficiently enraged or endangered , i could choke someone to death , and you could , too . 
  i 've shot guns and they did n't make me feel any more or less safe . 
  technically , we banned that because our government saw it as morally objectionable : i.e. 
  the same reason we ban incest or adultery . 
  i am personally in favor of allowing gay marriage . 
  the constitution did n't forbid a standing army .
