  but intra-arab/muslim wars ? 
  those get messy * quick * . 
  massacres on both sides , constantly . 
  technically speaking , the `` israel defense force '' is actually called the * tsava hahaganah leyisrael * , the `` defense * army * of israel . '', 
   as someone who had a distant relative once labelled a terrorist , i can only say , fuck you . 
  yeah , he set up bombs and probably killed a few civilians of the occupier . 
  the year was 1943 . 
  if he , as a non-state actor , planted bombs and murdered civilians with the intent of making a political statement , then yes , he was a terrorist . 
  that label is not in the least bit unfair . 
   who cares about international law , right ? 
  i actually think that the safety and security of any state 's citizens comes before international law in terms of importance to state governments . 
  i think that international law is either unjust -- because it has no impartial adjudicator and consequently there is no rule of law -- or worse , it is worthless -- it can not be applied at all . 
  as a system of justice , it 's terrible , and there is no reason at all why state governments should give a damn . 
  `` international law '' is a legal skein given to what political opinion happens to be the convenient political stance at any given time . 
   the israeli r\u00e9gime is barely better than the nazis , mostly as a matter of scale . 
  per what got many nazi cadres hanged in nuremberg , they practice crimes agains peace , war crimes and crimes against humanity on a daily basis . 
  you want to talk about * scale * ?!, 
  seriously ? 
  okay , well , all scales need a frame of reference , so here 's a nazi-israeli frame of reference for you . 
  the worldwide jewish population today is about 90 % of what it was in 1936 . 
  the world palestinian population today is about 1000 % of what it was in 1936 . 
  in 70 years , the jewish population still has n't bounced back from what the nazis did to world jewry . 
  in 70 years , the israelis have never come even remotely close to slowing the global growth of the palestinian people . 
  the * scale * of what is happening is so completely different that a comparison is * absurd * , like comparing a playground bully to a serial child rapist/murderer . 
  there is simply no moral equivalency . 
  huh , til . 
  i assumed they were the same party . 
  thanks for the clarification !, 
  america is * way * less xenophobic than europe . 
  generations of immigrants have assimilated completely into the american outlook on life , liberty , and property . 
  irish catholics in new england have adopted the attitude towards education of the wasps they outnumbered in the region ; koreans in california have the same sense of individualism as anglican englishmen in virginia ; germans and czechs in texas agree that they are `` real americans '' and mexicans are not . 
  the uk does immigration and assimilation the best of any country in europe ( see : soccer-playing , english-speaking south asians ) , but on the whole , y' all are * way * more xenophobic -- and shamelessly so -- than us . 
  every generation a different nationality constitutes a huge number of immigrants to the us , and every time , without fail , that immigrant group is eventually accepted as `` real americans '' and we move on to feeling resentful of later immigrant groups . 
  we have racial tensions because * we actually have a significant number of people of another race * . 
  there is n't a single country in europe with 10 + % of the population being of a different race . 
  your countries -- again , britain excluded -- are hugely racially homogeneous , and in many cases even ethnically homogeneous . 
  you realize that israel only makes concessions when it feels safe , right ? 
  and you know what 's a shitty way to make israel feel safe ? 
  teaming up with the arabs to berate and isolate them . 
  that 's going to make israel go into siege mode and hunker down with what they have . 
  they wo n't give up an inch if they feel threatened , because why would they ? 
  asking israel to give up the west bank is like asking france to give lorraine , champagne , franche-comte , and burgundy to imperial germany in 1913 . 
  it 's a huge amount of territory that puts a potentially hostile force literally single-digit kilometers away from the heartland of israel and israel 's industrial center . 
  berating and isolating israel has never gotten anyone anywhere in the `` peace process . '', 
  israel only makes concessions when it feels safe internally and gets reassurances internationally that its right to defend itself will be respected . 
  now that i think of it , i formed the kingdom of ireland and it came with ag-cog too . 
  maybe because i already had kingdoms with ag-cog primo before i formed ireland ? 
  iraq is n't landlocked . 
  it has a thin coastline on the persian gulf . 
  was n't almost every member of the first dail ( in 1918 ) a member of sinn fein ? 
   the whole reason why we are now turkey and not ottoman-state is because everyone started over with everything after ww1 . 
  bundesrepublik deutschland does n't run and hide from the legacy of either nazi germany or the democratic german republic , so what you 're saying is absolute crap . 
  turkey does n't take responsibility for the crimes of the ottoman empire just because they do n't want to be * responsible * for those crimes . 
   it was supported by most of parliament and ** the swedish communist party wanted to go further , by extraditing all civilian refugees from estonia , latvia and lithuania . 
  ** as if one needed * more * reasons to hate communists ... 
  it 's worth pointing out that auschwitz is so prominent because , relative to other death camps , there were so many survivors . 
  belzec , which killed about half the number of people as auschwitz , had only * one or two survivors * . 
  i doubt that anybody who has witnessed or felt the effects of a suicide bomber cares * more * about the `` illegal '' nature of the wall than its practical effect of stopping the infiltration of suicide bombers from the west bank into israel . 
  well , that certainly sucks . 
   both israel and the us are seen rather unfavourably by the arab world given all that has happened in the past 60 or so years . 
  the irony is , of course , that france 's colonial policy created many of the conditions that catalyzed the lebanese and syrian civil wars , and british colonial policy is completely at fault for leaving the jewish-arab civil war in palestine to be solved by force . 
  but sure , let 's invite the two countries most responsible for fucking up the northern middle east and pretend that they 're `` fair . '', 
   this map also provides some perspective . 
  imagine if that was the country of your people that you could only helplessly watch being consumed like that . 
  that map is ** total and complete bullshit ** . 
  let me count the ways : 1 . 
  the four maps are not comparing like to like . 
  the latter three maps show sovereign territory ( or at least administrative control ) , while the first map shows private land ownership . 
  so the comparison is faulty , from the get-go . 
  the labels are wrong . 
  in map # 1 , white is labeled `` jewish land , '' and green is labeled `` palestinian land . '', 
  while `` jewish land '' is reasonably okay -- `` jewish-owned land '' would be more accurate -- `` palestinian land '' is both anachronistic and wrong . 
  firstly , mostly of the land area in british palestine was not privately-owned , but owned by the state ( britain ) . 
  this area is labeled as `` palestinian land , '' despite the ridiculousness of the idea that the entire negev desert was privately owned by arabs . 
  meanwhile , the map of 1967 is just completely wrong . 
  it shows the west bank and the gaza strip as `` palestine . '', 
  in 1967 , the west bank was an annexed part of the kingdom of jordan , and the gaza strip was administered by an egyptian military authority . 
  there was no self-governance for palestinians in any part of that territory , or any real differentiation from the occupying arab countries , so how could these territories possibly be listed as `` palestinian ? '', 
  the context is missing . 
  in the first map , it looks like the palestinians owned the vast majority of the land and consequently constituted the overwhelming majority of the population . 
  in fact , jews made up 30-40 % of the population , so it really was not unreasonable to offer them more territory than what was privately owned by jews . 
  the second map is missing the context that this compromise was rejected absolutely by * every arab state * . 
  the partition plan was a dead letter from the get-go because the arabs said they 'd never consider it , and now you want us to believe that the `` arab state '' in the partition plan constitutes a legitimate land claim for palestinians now ? 
  the third map is , again , missing the context that there was no sovereign `` palestine '' in 1967 . 
  gaza was egyptian-occupied and the west bank was fully incorporated into jordan . 
  the fourth map is missing the context that those small islands of palestinian autonomy are the first example * in history * of palestinian self-governance , and that was achieved by negotiations with israel . 
  really , the palestinians were * given * what autonomy they have by israel . 
  there are claims to be made about israel encroaching on `` palestinian land , '' but these maps are flat-out * lies * . 
  please do n't use them again . 
  high five for aids-free sexytimes with balts !, 
  the laws change ? 
  that 's strange : every title i created as king of denmark and then emperor of scandinavia was ag-cog primogeniture after i instituted that in denmark itself . 
  unless i only have sex with lithuanians !, 
  problem solved !, 
  that 's part of it , too . 
  israel was developing its own jet fighter and the fine folks at boeing would much prefer that israel be flying f-15s than laviim . 
  but i think it should be emphasized that a driving motivation is the rather inexplicable sympathy by americans for the jewish state . 
  we just like israel , for better or for worse . 
  much in the same way , we just like the brits . 
  ( the irish-americans do n't , but the rest of the country very much views the brits in a positive light . ),
