  the fact that israel is * daily * condemned by the world community while everyone has pretty much gotten over the ethnic cleansing of germans from poland and czechia , of serbs from croatia , etc. , actually leads to the * opposite * conclusion of what you have said . 
  if you have an unruly minority that constantly embarrasses you diplomatically : get rid of it . 
  kill it or just expel it , whatever . 
  people will forgive a mass expulsion after 20 years , but people wo n't forgive a 20-year-old occupation if it 's still going on . 
  and the premise of your claim is utterly mad , because there are * millions * more palestinians in the west bank and gaza than there were when israel took them over !, 
  if israel is trying to get rid of all the palestinians , it 's doing a right shit job of it . 
   i have nothing against pacifism , but why do pacifists need to be so dumb so fucking often . 
  because pacifism is a dumb idea . 
  wanting to minimize armed conflict is good , but saying outright that you 're going to avoid conflict at all costs means everyone 's going to take advantage of you . 
  approximately what percentage of russian politicians are actually james bond villains ? 
  i mean , clearly putin is , but i did n't realize there were so many other possibilities amongst his flunkies . 
  actually , that was you lot . 
  you sailed from england to bermuda , picked up a bunch of troops there , then landed in the chesapeake and marched on washington while the canadians were still futzing aboot in canada . 
  russia 's coastline is almost all ice-covered ports in the north . 
  its only really usable ports are kaliningrad , st. petersburg , murmansk , novorossisk , and vladivostok . 
  and sevastopol now , i guess . 
  and it does n't have a whole lot of water to defend , either . 
  since an invasion ca n't really be mounted from the north , it only has to guard the baltic and black seas , which only have one entrance , and the sea of japan , which has two narrow entrances . 
  in comparison , the us has two huge , open coasts to defend , so even if we were only using our navy defensively ( which is n't true : the us navy protects virtually every major sea line ) , we 'd need a much bigger navy to protect ourselves . 
  `` polonized '' is indeed the word in english for having adopted polish language and customs . 
  polonization was mostly successful in the upper echelons of lithuanian society , among the nobility and the bourgeoisie . 
  my lithuanian ancestors , for example , adopted a polish name , but not the polish language : they were illiterate peasants and did not attend polish-language schools . 
  your great - and great-great-grandparents , i assume , were probably better-off . 
  this shit already makes good tv . 
  if this were an episode of west wing , everyone would think it was brilliant writing . 
  when were they born ? 
  if they 're from the environs of vilnius , then they or their parents were probably born in poland . 
  as a gay man , i have no opinion either way . 
  brest here , brest there , they do n't do anything for me . 
  well , i have ancestors from lithuania ( along with half of northern europe ) , but i 'm a polophile . 
  there 's a couple of other brests in germany that i found out about when i wiki 'd it , but i do n't think they 're as recognizable . 
  like the lebanese parliament : the president is a maronite christian , the pm a sunni , and the speaker of the parliament a shi'ite . 
  there are two other brests , actually : brest kujawski ( brze\u015b\u0107 kujawski ) in poland and brest-litovsk ( brze\u015b\u0107 litewski ) in belarus . 
  true . 
  edit : i should admit that i totally thought you were being hostile and just answered in the most polite way i could . 
  your question could be interpreted as hostile ( `` why the fuck is the supreme allied commander * europe * always a fucking * american * ?! '' ), 
  rather than merely direct . 
  that 's probably why . 
  because the supreme allied commander europe is also head of the [ united states european command ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_european_command ) and as such is the head of us troops directly . 
  therefore , the spot always has to be filled by an american . 
  also , nato is split into two commands , allied commands operations ( headed by the saceur ) and allied commands transformations ( headed by the sact , supreme allied commander transformations ) . 
  the current sact is a french air force general , and his deputy is a polish general , despite the fact that sact is based in norfolk , va. 
  the deputy saceur , for reference , has always been either british or german . 
  and , finally , on the other end of nato , the secretary general has never been an american , and the first american deputy secretary general is the current one , who started in 2012 . 
  this discussion is over . 
  you 're an irreligious dick with zero respect for other people 's beliefs . 
  enjoy life . 
   on the third point , it 's irrelevant what a talmudic scholar has decided something means somewhere - if it meant something different for over 2,000 years from when the practise began - including from the peoples around when the texts were originally revealed by god , and then suddenly changed at a random point in history it 's pretty fucking obvious which one is correct and which one is a human corruption , is n't it . 
  you do n't have to be a genius to figure that one out . 
  uh , that 's not really how religious law works . 
  because all religious law in abrahamic religions is working from revelation at a fixed point in the past , rules are changed based on new * interpretations * of the original revealed text . 
  but what was more likely in this particular instance is that the original text was vague , and said `` you just have to circumcise your son '' without specifying * how * . 
  different communities had different methods of circumcision , based on differing interpretations of what `` circumcise '' means , and eventually one of those methods overruled the rest and was adopted by everyone . 
  any of the methods would have satisfied the commandment , but convention dictated * how * , and conventions change . 
  now , it might be the case that someday , jews might make a nick on the foreskin of the newborn instead of removing the foreskin entirely , but that 's up to the jews themselves to decide . 
  it 's not our place to tell other people how to practice their religion . 
   but for some reason you want to make one specific exception about mutilating a baby in a specific way for a specific religion . 
   if you have the right to do that , then other religions should have the right to break any laws they see fit if the specific circumstance is condoned by their religion , surely ? 
  you do n't seem to understand the concept of an `` exception to a rule . '', 
   it 's unimaginably fucked up in the same way it would be if i started chopping ears off newborn babies - and the only actual difference is `` well , we 've always done this '' . 
  would you consider severing of babies ears sinful and against the wishes of god ? 
  [ i will assume `` yes '' here ] that would be fucked up , because you have n't actually be chopping ears off of newborns for generations , so there is no `` tradition '' to appeal to . 
  but circumcision * has * been happening for hundreds of generations , so i personally believe we can make an exception to let the handful of jews left in the world do what they want . 
   turns out that most probably all jews who practise circumcision in its current form are in fact committing a grave sin even within the confines of their own religion . 
  are you a talmudic scholar ? 
  i 'm guessing not , so you have * zero authority whatsoever * to claim that the type of circumcision jews perform nowadays would be a `` sin . '', 
  you 're basically making shit up out of whole cloth because you have no basis on which to make a point . 
  you 're taking a wikipedia article and citing a couple of sentences and then pretending that you know better than the hundreds of thousands of people who spend their entire lives devoting themselves to study of jewish law . 
   of course . 
  but some things have unintended consequences . 
  just pointing them out . 
  unintended consequences like what ? 
  what would the unintended consequences of being okay with ritual circumcision be ? 
   oh , you are one of those that do not respect human rights anyway . 
  btw , torture never works , because people will just say whatever they think you want to hear . 
  its only in the sick heads of fascist psychos that `` torture works '' . 
  so why do you think people everywhere have done it throughout all of human history ? 
  it does n't work all the time , but it does work some times for some things , which is why people do it . 
  it 's repellent and i wish we would n't do it , but i 'm also not going to sit around pretending it 's not occasionally effective just because it 's cruel . 
   you must know . 
  i really do n't . 
  you 're the one saying `` there is no exception ... 
  ever . '', 
  because that is n't a real apology . 
  apologies need to take responsibility . 
  if you hurt a coworker , you ca n't just say , `` yeah , it really sucks to work here , right ? '', 
  there 's no acknowledgement of personal responsibility . 
  when russians say , `` everyone suffered under the ussr , '' they 're thinking , `` yes , but russians suffered * the most * . '', 
  they need to vocalize their condolences for the non-russians * specifically * in order for their `` apologies '' to sound sincere . 
  one could make that analogy , but it would be terrible and misleading . 
  there is no ethnic dimension to american infiltration of canadian media and language , whereas russia 's historic relationship to estonia could be described as `` colonization . '', 
  those damn eastern europeans , it must be so difficult to live next to uncivilized people . 
   who are you , who am i , to decide what is the `` specific instalnce '' that is excusable ? 
  either you respect human rights , or you do n't . 
  it 's just my opinion . 
  everyone 's entitled to one . 
   rumsfeld and cheyney also thought that `` in this specific instance '' we should not follow the geneva convention on how to tread prisioners of war , call them `` foreign combatans '' or whatever and torture them at will . 
  the result is that now every regime in the world uses that same pretext and human rights of pow have been reduced even more . 
  torture happens during interrogations because it occasionally works . 
  you can pussyfoot around that as much as you 'd like .
