  but , if hundreds of thousands of people use that word to convey that idea , and other speakers understand the idea they 're trying to convey , * then * it is no longer a misuse , because the usage has become a convention . 
  there is no `` official '' version of any language , and no authority in charge of regulating `` valid '' usage in a language . 
  languages change because their speakers change what they say to convey different ideas . 
  that 's not how linguistic change works . 
  it might have been a misuse to use `` literally '' to mean `` figuratively '' before that usage became commonplace , but now that new usage is sufficiently widespread and well-understood that it is no longer a misuse . 
  it is simply how the word is used . 
  every traitor is a helpful aid to someone else . 
  from the perspective of america , though , it 's hard not to see snowden as a traitor . 
  it 's not misleading , because literally everyone knows how literally is used nowadays . 
  if everyone knows that `` literally '' is used in context x y or z to mean `` figuratively , '' regardless of how they feel about that usage , then it 's not misleading . 
  `` it is frequently criticized as a misuse '' does n't actually mean it * is * a misuse , it means a lot of people * think * it is . 
  the meaning of a given word is not fixed : it * means * what people use it to mean . 
  `` literally '' no longer only means `` in actual fact : '' because it has been used so often and by so many people as hyperbole for something that is not , in actual fact , true , it actually does mean figuratively sometimes . 
  just like how `` gay '' actually means `` homosexual '' now , in addition to the archaic meaning of `` happy . '', 
  as a bostonian who has lived in and studied israel as well , i would characterize the boston bombings as a `` mass casualty '' attack . 
  not that many people * died * , because our medical services were prepared ( probably with plenty of advice from israelis and britons ) , but it * could * have killed dozens . 
  it 's really more about the potential casualties than the actual casualties that defines a mass casualty attack . 
  if someone puts a bomb on a bus and it happens to explode after all the passengers get off and only the driver is killed , it 's not a minor attack just because it only killed one person ; it was a major attack that was foiled by bad planning or shit luck on the part of the terrorist . 
   i might be a little harsh , but anyone who has called snowden a traitor , attacked glenn greenwald , and parroted the government 's message , is basically a shill . 
  snowden * is * a traitor , because he revealed programs that spied on foreigners in addition to those that spy on americans . 
  by revealing those foreign programs , he made our intelligence gathering abilities weaker and humiliated his country , thereby weakening our geopolitical position and strengthening our enemies . 
  he was irresponsible with highly sensitive information and now he 's hiding in the welcoming bosom of one of our major international rivals . 
  also , given his relatively short employment at the nsa , it kinda seems like he was there just to steal information . 
  it 's not like he snapped after years of being involved in shady activities ; he showed up for a few months and then absconded to * china * and * russia * with god knows how much sensitive material . 
  literally has a meaning , did you know ? 
  indeed [ it does ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/literally ) :  2 : in effect : virtually < will literally turn the world upside down to combat cruelty or injustice -- norman cousins , 
   well , france and germany can agree , are their problems ok ? 
  spain ? 
  what size is ok ? 
  besides , i 'd say countries that have a hell of a lot more problems than you have , like poland for example are actually not having petty little problems , they are invaded all the time . 
  france and germany are petty little countries compared to the us . 
  they do n't have to worry about balancing multiple mutually antipathetic allies in every region on earth . 
  germany gets to play the sweet innocent milkmaid everywhere , while france can stomp around in north africa and nowhere else . 
  as for poland , being invaded is usually a unifying motivator . 
  it 's easy to stay unified when you have enemies on all sides because everyone hates you . 
   if you exclude wars with other countries ... . war with other countries is obviously excluded . 
  we 're talking about social stability , and external war ( especially victorious external war ) is generally unifying . 
   well , then , i guess there will be no more shutdowns , stalling , extreme difficulty to get laws through , stuff like corporations are people or the way extremely rich people influence the politics , to a level unheard of here . 
  i would n't say that it is working but to each his own i suppose . 
  okay , well , then , to each his own . 
  i do n't want a handful of jacobins shoving whatever laws they want down our throats anyway . 
  i 'd rather legislation be onerous to pass , that way the final results are generally at least pretty popular , though the aca is a notable and catastrophically unpopular exception . 
   there are a lot of other countries , the uk , sweden , denmark , the netherlands , switzerlands etc that has not had revolution in the timeframe you mention , you deliberately picked a few that had ( on a continent that like to wage wars ) that 's not a lot of other countries , that 's * five * other countries , and you have managed to cherry pick the five countries in europe that have n't managed to have a civil war or a revolution in the timeframe we 're talking about . 
   that was 200 years ago i thought europeans were supposed to be the ones with long memories ? 
  what 's the old canard : in europe , 500 miles is a long distance and in america 500 years is a long time ? 
  interesting that it 's always the europeans chiding us about our dusty old constitution while bragging that our mansions are n't as old as theirs . 
  anyway , i would like to point out that it * has * been 200 years , and america has an extremely good track record for stability . 
  in 240 years , we 've had only one civil war , no coups , no revolutions , no massive insurgencies . 
  compare that to france ( who have had five republics , two empires , and a kingdom since we 've been around ) or germany or russia , and we look pretty good . 
  we celebrate the constitution because it unites us and because * it works * . 
  we have been able to steer through every major problem -- save one -- without major upheaval and widespread violence . 
  if you do n't think it 's working , what changes would you make to our constitution ? 
  you keep insisting we need to change it : how ? 
   another thing is that it seems that the parties are unable to cooperate , even slightly . 
  i mean , most parties in europe would see that ineffectiveness is not a good thing , no matter the goverment and try to change that . 
  it does n't seem like the parties in the us can agree upon anything . 
  there 's no polite way to put this , but frankly , it 's much easier to agree on petty little problems of petty little countries than on the problems facing earth-straddling commercial empires . 
  swedes do n't have to decide whether to intervene in syria or rwanda , or whether to bulk up their navy to ensure the defense of japan and taiwan . 
  your problems are cheap and low-risk , and your population small and largely unified . 
  also , our politicians mostly agree on what the main problems are , but they differ in how they want them to be fixed . 
   americans do not see it as a document , a piece of paper that every country has and need , but as something more . 
  it is `` a legacy from our founding fathers '' , `` greatest piece of legaslation ever written '' , `` the foundation for our freedom '' and other strange things like that . 
  and i think this is where the confusion stems from . 
  as a state almost entirely ( until recently ) composed of ethnic swedes , sweden has an implicit ethnic/cultural tradition that unites `` swedes . '', 
  the same is not true of the united states . 
  the united states was formed by englishmen revolting against england ( great britain , actually ) because they felt they were being denied rights they felt they deserved * as englishmen * . 
  the basis of the united states is a set of ideas , a set of ideas which were enshrined in our constitution . 
  we have nothing to bind us other than these ideas . 
  the us is a hodgepodge of germans , irish , english , natives , chinese , koreans , hispanics , catholics , mainline protestants , evangelical protestants , jews , atheists , etc. . we have no unifying cultural heritage * except * for the founding documents : the declaration of independence and the constitution . 
  that 's why it seems like we `` obsess '' over the founding documents . 
  if we do n't , then we have nothing to unify us . 
  honestly , my parents are middle/upper-middle class and i am sitting easily in the middle class even just after graduating . 
  there are many people in worse situations than i am . 
  well , how they feel about where they were born ( romania ) is less important to them than who they are ( hungarians ) . 
  as hungarian speakers and probably catholics or protestants , they see themselves as obviously distinct from the romanian-speaking probably-orthodox around them . 
  they prioritize their hungarian identity , which is a deliberate choice to identify with a specific cultural tradition , over their romanian citizenship , which they see as merely an accident of birth . 
  honestly , you do n't need that highly-developed critical thinking skills to be an administrative assistant , but i see your point . 
  who cares if we profited from lend-lease or the marshall plan ? 
  did lend-lease * not * provide much-needed help to the brits and soviets ? 
  did the marshall plan * not * help the economic recovery of postwar western europe ? 
  just because it helped both of us means it was n't nice ? 
  here 's another perspective : the u.s. constitution is very difficult to change because it is not meant to be changed unless a huge majority of the population agrees on it . 
  this is designed , essentially , to prevent a group of jacobins from making radical changes to the structure of the government without the consent of a large majority of the population . 
  by making the obstacles to changing the fundamental structure of government very high , the authors of the constitution sought to limit any social upheaval from unpopular governmental changes by requiring at least a hefty proportion of the population to be on board with any potential change to the structure of government . 
  the system is n't meant to be hard to change because it 's perfect as it is , but so that it is n't changed without the consent of most of the population , because otherwise you 'll have civil wars and revolutions all over the place . 
  i think you 're confusing the constitution with just our laws generally . 
  we have all kinds of crazy old laws ( especially in massachusetts , which was settled by zealous calvinists ) , but none of those are in the constitution . 
  the constitution spells out the general structure of government -- the president and his offices , the legislature , the courts -- not specifics like health care or corporations being people . 
  those come from either legislation from the congress or modern legal interpretations of the constitution or policies of the executive branch . 
  right-wing americans are generally anglophiles , and those who are aware of eastern europe are typically pretty partisan for poland and the baltics . 
  honestly , conservative america is n't so big on the french ( except in military matters , where conservatives generally agree that the brits and the french are the only europeans who pull their weight ) , but the brits and the germans are pretty popular amongst conservatives . 
  conservative americans are almost universally anti-russian , so the poles and the baltics get a lot of sympathy as victims of russian aggression , and the eu as a whole does too when it throws its weight around to block russia 's interests . 
  the smaller european countries ( scandinavians , dutch , belgians , austrians , etc. ), 
  are pretty much ignored as irrelevant . 
  i think he 's saying that they 're not questioning the territorial integrity of a state arbitrarily , but because romania is seen as a nation-state for romanians , and as hungarians , they feel left out of the `` nation , '' so why should they be part of the `` state ? '', 
  anepiphanytoolate is exaggerating based on small kernels of truth . 
  i am an american who graduated last year from college with a bachelors in a liberal arts discipline . 
  i have a good entry job -- i make more than most of my friends and i only work 40 hours/week -- but i do have about $ 60,000 in student loans from college . 
  this means i pay about $ 800/month for student loans ; as a result , i have to either live at home and have disposable income , or move out and have no disposable income whatsoever . 
  i do n't use the field that i studied in college in my job , but on the other hand , `` international relations '' and `` linguistics '' are not very widely applicable fields .
