  vratislava 's pretty good too though . 
  also is it vrahtswav or vrahtswaf ? 
  i always heard that the polish `` w '' sounds like an `` f '' at the end of a word . 
  i speak a teensy tiny bit of polish so i do n't think either of them are very difficult , but the \u0142 really throws english speakers off . 
  also , `` vr '' is easier to pronounce for english speakers than `` gd '' as far as consonant clusters go . 
  i am a native english speaker and i could not for the life of me come up with a generic term for a thermos . 
  `` vacuum flask '' sounds like a spaceship part . 
  well done , sir/madam . 
  breslau and danzig yes , but warszawa and krak\u00f3w beat warschau and krakau every day . 
  pozna\u0144 / posen is a toss-up . 
  it 's a hell of a lot easier than wroc\u0142aw . 
  what if we say to russia that we will provide direct military assistance to ukraine * in whatever form necessary * if russian troops do not withdraw ? 
  remember , the `` nuclear power '' argument goes both ways . 
  russia does not want to be at war with a nuclear power ( or three ) either . 
  you 're not wrong , but the same is true of lebanon in the 80s . 
  the christians did n't care that the muslims did not accept the divinity of christ : what they cared about was the muslims getting too powerful to be controlled . 
  and the muslims did n't care about whether the christians and druze accepted mohammed : what they cared about was taking control of the lebanese state . 
  i think it 's fair to say latvia and estonia are part of northern europe , but lithuania is intimately connected with poland and as such is an integral part of central europe . 
  also , croatia was connected tightly to both austria and italy ( venice ) for hundreds of years . 
  i do n't think it 's a stretch to call it part of central europe . 
  iirc , iubesc , ljubiti , and love all actually descend from the same proto-indo-european root meaning to like or care for . 
  did n't he already say this about crimea , and then again about eastern ukraine ? 
  in my part of america , new england , religious catholics tend to be more conservative and the protestants tend to be more liberal . 
  actually , america got very few immigrants between , say , 1740 and 1830 . 
  the first 50-60 years of the united states saw very minimal immigration . 
  just sayin ' . 
  he was probably forced to say it , as an added humiliation . 
  the video is intended to be seen by americans . 
  by forcing the man to insult america with his dying breath , it deepens the shame meant to be felt by americans . 
  not only do we have to watch our countryman be murdered , but he abuses us before our enemy kills him . 
  that makes more sense to me . 
  i 'd heard of kashubian and silesian identities before , which is why it surprised me to hear that the expellee populations in pomerania or lower silesia would have had strong regional identities . 
  right . 
  it 's just `` americans , '' not `` us-americans . '', 
  i identify first as a new englander , then as an american . 
  being american first is so 1950s . 
  it 's interesting that regional identity is stronger in the formerly-german regions populated by poles who were expelled from the east after the war . 
  fortunately , the distinction is academic because literally nobody anywhere calls themself a `` us-american . '', 
  where in the netherlands are you from ? 
  and the assyrian and anatolian greek genocides that were contemporary with the armenian genocide !, 
  you did , when we were your colonies for 150 years ? 
  america is as british as canada or australia . 
  croatia 's average face is just , like , * damn * . 
  that 's because like 50 % of euro-americans are of german , british , and/or irish ancestry . 
  in english , we can take this one step further : `` opinions are like assholes : everyone 's got one and they all stink . '', 
  good thing for the `` atrocities '' in gaza or everyone would still be thinking about the civil wars in syria and iraq , which have killed 100 times as many people as the gaza conflict and destroyed ancient minority communities in the fertile crescent . 
  the goldstone report did n't have any military experts , it was all ex post facto , and it was conducted under the thumb of hamas `` observers '' who accompanied the `` fact-finders '' throughout gaza . 
  obviously it would come to a biased conclusion . 
  as for those civilian figures , where do you think they come from ? 
  the un gets them from the palestinian ministry of health , which in gaza is run by hamas . 
  hamas treats any dead man in civilian clothes as a `` civilian , '' but hamas fighters are known to fight in civilian clothes . 
  so how do we know how many of those `` civilians '' are real civilians , and how many were hamasniks in civvies ? 
  hamas has every motivation to inflate the civilian casualty numbers . 
  only idiots who do n't understand the conflict would believe the numbers that palestinians give them . 
  i do n't know who you mean by `` you folks . '', 
  i 'm american . 
  but the problem is hamas ' genocidal platform and refusal to acknowledge israel . 
  there was no blockade , no walls until hamas took over gaza . 
  palestinians worked in israel and the economy of gaza was tied into israel until the 90s , really . 
  so you ca n't say any israeli policy towards gaza has been going on for `` decades . '', 
  uh , where have you been for years ? 
  russia does n't exactly have [ squeaky clean hands ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/insurgency_in_the_north_caucasus ) . 
  seriously . 
  and in the second chechen war , which only ended five years ago , russia might 've killed 20,000 people . 
  that 's as many casualties as exist on both sides in the israeli-palestinian conflict for * five decades * . 
  where was all the european sanctioning and hand-wringing then ? 
  well , when israel is exporting tons of natural gas from the leviathan oil field , i guess we 'll find out , wo n't we ? 
  in what way has israel 's response been disproportionate ? 
  people throw that word around , but nobody seems to understand what it means . 
  proportionality in a military context refers to whether the actions of a given army are in proportion to their stated military goals . 
  the israeli military goals are to destroy hamas ' missile stockpile to prevent the continued bombardment of southern israel , and to destroy the tunnels that hamas has built into israel ( meant to launch surprise attacks on israeli civilian populations ) and into egypt ( meant to smuggle in more missiles and such ) . 
  in what way has israel 's military conduct been disproportionate to the goals of destroying the missile stockpiles and the tunnels ? 
  also , `` indiscriminate ? '', 
  israel takes more care with targeting than any other country on earth . 
  the people who are indiscriminate are hamas , who continue to lob missiles at israeli civilian populations with the aim of terrorizing the israelis into stopping the campaign . 
  when did war become something that needed `` a fair fight ? '', 
  hamas started the war by firing * thousands * of missiles at israeli * civilians * . 
  it 's not israel 's fault that a militarily weaker power attacked it and necessitated a response . 
  frankly , i find it difficult to believe that the bnd has not been monitoring american and british spies from the get-go . 
  this has to be political theatre . 
  then proceed !, 
  uh , so when `` anti-israel '' `` protestors '' attack * synagogues * in paris , what are jews supposed to think ? 
  does n't that depends on which side you consider `` this side of the alps '' ( cisalpina ) and which is the `` other side of the alps '' ( transalpina ) ? 
  rome and vienna have differing opinions . 
  ice-free ports are serious business , yo . 
  israel 's treatment of a restive , secessionist minority is leagues better than many other countries in a similar situation . 
  when you compare israel to sri lanka , turkey , or nigeria instead of to denmark or belgium , it is an exemplar of how to prosecute war as humanely as possible . 
  which would be fine if you lived in the southwest or new york when there are large , spanish-speaking communities , but elsewhere that 's kind of useless . 
  it 's much funnier than it should be that `` klomp '' is a real dutch word . 
  uh , because most of us have to drive hundreds if not thousands of miles to be somewhere where the majority of the population does n't speak english ? 
  grybauskait\u0117 is the president of lithuania . 
  iirc lithuania has a system like france , with both a president and a pm , but the president retains most of the authority . 
  the pm 's name is butkevi\u010dius . 
  that is honestly shocking to me . 
  i have never heard anyone of any age age ever express a desire for their job to be unionized . 
  people would join unions if they were n't seen as political actors ( for democrats exclusively ) rather than workers ' protections organizations . 
  we have awful low-paying jobs because those unions you love so much are structured to protect our baby boomer parents ' jobs , making it more difficult to hire new people ( us ) . 
  i ca n't understand how more people who like unions do n't understand how they make the barriers to being hired significantly higher . 
  doubt it . 
  i 'm 24 and live in a very liberal part of the country and only my peers who everyone agrees are leftist activists have ever even mentioned unions .
