  either way , it accomplishes the goal , which is to render the targeted area ethnically homogeneous . 
  if i may address the canada : usa : : scotland : england analogy for a moment , i 'd like to point out that the situations are entirely different . 
  the us ( the larger of the two anglophone north american states ) split from a third country , while canada stayed under the influence of that country . 
  there was never any debate about whether or not canada would be better off as states of the us rather than as an independent state , because canada never seceded from the us , as scotland is planning to secede from the uk . 
  the us and canada have a strong and beneficial partnership as equals ; but since the canadian provinces were never states , we have no idea whether we both would 've been better off if the canadians had seceded along with the thirteen colonies ( or if the thirteen colonies had been reconciled with england before secession , and then later gained independence gradually as canada did irl ) . 
  scotland is proposing to go in the opposite direction : to leave a union which we know to have been beneficial to scotland to enter into uncharted waters as the smaller , weaker attachment to a larger , more influential england . 
  an independent scotland is just a slightly larger independent ireland . 
  i liked the ballet portions . 
  russia never disappoints with their ballet . 
  did anyone else notice that the maps being projected on the ground during the parade of nations went balls-deep on displaying disputed territory ? 
  the map of morocco clearly included western sahara , i 'm pretty sure israel included the west bank , the golan heights , and gaza , and i 'm sure there were others . 
  the 2018 and 2020 olympics are already both going to be in asia , and the 2016 olympics are going to be in south america . 
  if north america or africa had a horse in this race , i 'd say they should get the city : but since they are n't , one of the european cities should get it . 
  i hope it 's krak\u00f3w , i loved that city and it would be awesome to go there for the olympics . 
  `` moved away '' is an awfully kind euphemism for `` ethnically cleansed . '', 
  well , that sucks for poland . 
  i 'm surprised the lithuanians were n't pushing for it , though , given that at least parts of east prussia were called `` lithuania minor . '', 
  yes , `` royal prussia '' ( i.e. 
  prussia west of the vistula ) and `` ducal prussia '' ( i.e. 
  `` east prussia '' ) are used in english too . 
  in any case , the territory of kaliningrad oblast was part of ducal prussia , so that 's what i was talking about . 
   the us ' political reaction to the nsa leaks is almost non existent . 
  what representative would have had a ) the knowledge of the matter to understand it and b ) the courage to do something about such a powerful criminal organisation ? 
  well , once it became clear that every representative in every state and federal government got it , there would be a rush as to who could deal with it first . 
  nobody wants to be `` the guy who got reports of abuses and never acted on it : '' ask the catholic church . 
   or `` patriotic '' . 
  you know who 's action were also called `` treason '' ? 
  the actions of the american founding fathers ... 
  the founding fathers tried to reconcile the british motherland with increased autonomy for the colonies before turning to demands for independence ( i.e. 
  `` treason '' ) . 
  they did n't jump straight from `` loyal subjects of the empire '' straight to `` we 're our own country fuck you . '', 
   you should be far more upset about the nsa . 
  which is actually committing crimes against you . 
  the only reason i 'm not personally being targeted by the russians or chinese ( yet ) is because i 'm not important enough ( yet ) . 
  of course i 'm concerned about the us government gathering data en masse ; but my main concern about us intelligence world is how could our organization which is dedicated to finding other people 's secrets and keeping our secrets secret fail to prevent the snowden incident from happening ? 
   we know simply due to technological facts . 
  we * assume * based on the technological facts * we know about * . 
  i came here to say that it was n't really accurate to say that prussia ever really `` belonged '' to poland because it was a vassal of the polish crown , but til prussia 's autonomy was [ abolished ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_prussia#commonwealth_administration ) with the union of lublin and consequently it was an integral part of poland . 
  interesting stuff !, 
  well , it 's not as weird when you look at the border of the ussr . 
  when estonia , latvia , and lithuania were occupied by the soviets , kaliningrad was just the southernmost in a series of western soviet territories ( the estonian , latvian , and lithuanian ssrs , and the kaliningrad oblast ) on the baltic sea . 
  it was populated by russians because it * used * to be populated by germans and predominantly lutheran lithuanians ( lietuvininkai ) , but those populations were expelled/fled to germany in the end of wwii . 
  because kaliningrad is russia 's only ice-free port in the baltic , it was of tremendous strategic importance to the soviet russians . 
  instead of granting the territory to the lithuanian ssr or to poland ( poland was given the southern half of formerly-german east prussia ) , the soviets populated it with russians to ensure its long-term loyalty to russia . 
   so what exactly should have prompted it , if not even the open release of the criminal and vile actions of the nsa can prompt it ? 
  sending information about the worst abuses to every state and federal representative would 've done it . 
  there 's no way to describe absconding with tens of thousands of state secrets * to china and russia * and giving those secrets for the foreign press other than `` treason . '', 
   they do n't enjoy the same access to my data as the nsa and other western services have . 
  if they want to get gmail data they actually have to hack google . 
  not that we know of , because a chinese or a russian edward snowden would n't be peacefully living his life in d.c. . 
  he would be dead . 
  i * am * a hardened realist precisely because of my degree in international relations . 
  people here can be such nutter butters , i ca n't believe the shit they say . 
  my european security professor would 've torn them a new one . 
   he 's basically saying ; look europe is n't as bad as you think , the power dynamic is fracturing and shifting to the smaller states who are more easily controlled . 
  i have no idea where you got the `` more easily controlled '' bit of this , because that 's nowhere in his quote . 
  you 're putting words in his mouth . 
   note the de facto assumption that the will of the united states should be the order of the day . 
  anyone who does n't toe the line is a ` problem ' . 
  um , he 's the secretary of defense of the united states . 
  his * job * is to promote the will of the united states . 
  from the perspective of someone trying to get america 's allies on-board with a military action , france and germany were being `` problems '' by refusing to help . 
   that oversight fails completely . 
  did n't you follow the nsa exposures ? 
  the nsa needs some quiet reform , but that could have been prompted by something less than a traitorous , large-scale dump of everything our agencies do . 
  do you imagine the chinese security agencies have anything even resembling democratic oversight ? 
  or the russians ? 
   i just know that german government poop stinks like us government poop stinks . 
  fair enough . 
  i agree : the sanctimonious moralizing of europeans who apparently believe their highly-regarded spy agencies only spy on nasty people are living in a fantasy world . 
   well , what was the last time you heard about koenigsberg , sudeten or pomeranian germans , volhynian poles or native americans complaining ? 
  this is exactly my point . 
  i was being serious . 
  the fact that the international community looks harshly on present-day `` mistreatment '' but forgives easily for yesterday 's heinous sins means that the moralizing members of the international community have created a perverse incentive to get rid of any meddlesome minorities rather than try to deal with them . 
  do you think israel would be criticized as much today if they had just kicked out all the arabs and said `` look , everything in the old british mandate of palestine is ours , and the arabs get the british mandate of transjordan ? '', 
  the disparity between how the international community ( really , moralizing western countries ) treat countries who have committed huge crimes against humanity in the past and how they treat countries with minor mistreatment of minorities means that any rational actor will just get rid of the minority rather than face sanctions or constant condemnation . 
   this is part of the world view that manifested itself in the form of rumsfelds quote . 
  whoa whoa whoa . 
  do you even remember what the rumsfeld quote is ? 
  it 's [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_europe_ ( politics \\ ) ) :  rumsfeld : now , we rarely find unanimity in the world . 
  i was ambassador to nato , and i -- when we would go in and make a proposal , there would n't be unanimity . 
  there would n't even be understanding . 
  and we 'd have to be persuasive . 
  we 'd have to show reasons . 
  we 'd have to -- have to give rationales . 
  we 'd have to show facts . 
  and , by golly , i found that europe on any major issue is given -- if there 's leadership and if you 're right , and if your facts are persuasive , europe responds . 
  and they always have . 
   now , you 're thinking of europe as germany and france . 
  i do n't . 
  i think that 's old europe . 
  if you look at the entire nato europe today , the center of gravity is shifting to the east . 
  and there are a lot of new members . 
  and if you just take the list of all the members of nato and all of those who have been invited in recently -- what is it ? 
  twenty-six , something like that ? 
  -- you 're right . 
  germany has been a problem , and france has been a problem . 
   q : but opinion polls --  rumsfeld : but -- just a minute . 
  just a minute . 
  but you look at vast numbers of other countries in europe .
