  this picture shows the [ kresy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kresy ) having been incorporated into the ussr ( as happened historically ) . 
  it might come out to more territory in this map , but probably not that much more . 
  this has been true since melos tried to hold off the athenians by saying bigger countries would protect them if athens tried anything . 
  the strong do what they will and the weak suffer what they must . 
  any rhetoric from the eu to the contrary is just that , and anyone in cyprus who thought otherwise was not thinking clearly about the eu . 
  til . 
  in massachusetts , the largest administrative unit after the commonwealth itself is the [ town ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_england_town ) . 
  we do n't really have county governments except in the southeast by the cape , and all settlements , no matter how small , are called towns until they 're simply too big to be considered towns and change to a mayoral system of municipal governance . 
  `` too big '' varies pretty widely , though : generally it flips between 10,000 and 20,000 people , but not always . 
  my hometown has almost 25,000 people and it is governed as a town . 
  apparently , in vermont , there are cases of small named communities being in the administrative area of a town without being considered part of that town . 
  those small communities are called [ villages ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/village_%28vermont%29 ) . 
  * that 's what i like to hear !, 
  croatia 's pretty high on my vacation list . 
  hopefully the next vacation i make to europe will be either france/croatia or france/poland , depending on the season and what i want to do . 
  then brace yourself for the day that you 're discovered by * american * tourists . 
  paris has never recovered . 
  no problem . 
  your assertion made me go over the information again , which is always good . 
  it 's been a while since i 've studied yalta in particular , but i do n't remember greece or turkey being really discussed there . 
  are you referring to the october 1944 [ percentages agreement ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/percentages_agreement ) ? 
  by yalta , in february 1945 , the red army had already `` liberated '' all of romania and most of hungary , and a coup d'\u00e9tat in bulgaria had already placed that country firmly in the soviet sphere of influence . 
  with the exception of greece ( which the british and americans * did * prevent from becoming communist ) and yugoslavia ( which was never stalinist , just communist ) , the countries `` ceded '' to stalin by churchill would have been under stalin 's ~ ~ thumb ~ ~ boot in a matter of months anyway , and short of continuing the war against the soviets , there 's not much the british could have done about it . 
  people from outside the us seem to think new england will be more european because we 're generally more liberal ( though : in the uk-european-liberal sense , not the french-european-liberal sense ) , but we 're really not . 
  no , do n't thank churchill . 
  blame stalin . 
  churchill ( and roosevelt ) could not have been reasonably expected to eject the soviets from eastern europe . 
  my relatively small suburb has almost 30k people , but in america we do n't really call anything a `` village . '', 
  `` village '' is almost exclusively used for places outside of america . 
  ( and maybe canada ? 
  `` mexican village '' sounds legit , but saying my relatives came from a `` village in canada '' sounds a little off . ), 
  in the us , small municipalities are `` towns '' until they get big enough to be `` cities . '', 
  at least , this is my experience in new england . 
  it might be different in the rest of the country , but i would never call towns here `` villages . '', 
  sorry , i was unclear . 
  the ira itself obviously threatened britain 's security , and the bombing campaign was certainly a serious threat to the british population . 
  however , the ira 's * goal * -- uniting northern ireland with ireland -- did not pose a grave security threat to the uk ( or even to the inhabitants of northern ireland , really ) . 
  if the ira 's goal were to be achieved peacefully , it would not seriously endanger the uk . 
  that 's why the uk was able to legitimize the ira and put the northern ireland question into the field of politics , not military operations . 
  the misunderstanding was my fault . 
  please look at the rest of my comment . 
  my point was that the british ' situation was different because the goals of the ira did not pose an existential threat to the british government or population . 
  i did n't say that they necessarily do what is morally right . 
  i meant that because our country has so much power , we have to deal with the consequences when we choose to use or not use that power , and those choices are always morally ambiguous . 
  we are responsible for the chaos and destruction that we cause when we intervene ; and when we choose * not * to intervene , we still feel the weight of that choice . 
  the czech president does n't blame himself for not intervening in rwanda , like bill clinton does , because the czech president could n't have done anything even if he wanted to . 
  bill clinton knows that we could have done something and chose not to . 
  that was my point . 
  the czechs do n't have to collectively decide whether they should have used their huge military to prevent genocide ; they do n't have to collectively decide what degree of security measures are acceptable to prevent deaths from terrorists ; they do n't have to collectively decide which enemies can be negotiated with and which must be opposed at all costs . 
  all of these choices are morally ambiguous . 
  it 's easy to be self-righteous and moral when you do n't have to make any morally ambiguous choices , but i just wish more europeans would put themselves in our shoes for ten seconds and actually think honestly about what they would do in our place . 
  as for israel and the palestinians , israelis do n't want to oppress anyone . 
  they have just decided that they would rather bear the moral weight of occupation than deal with civilian deaths from terrorists . 
  collectively , they have decided that the safety of their civilians is more important than the convenience of palestinians . 
  it 's worth pointing out that the czechs simply * expelled * their restive minority ( the sudeten germans ) in the 40s , and their government to this day refuses to compensate the expelled germans or discuss repatriation . 
  would they support the israelis in doing the same to the palestinians ? 
  well , tough moral choices are made by the representatives that we elect , so , yeah , we 're responsible for them . 
  not * really * . 
  you legitimized them and moved the fight to the political arena . 
  you were able to do this because the ira ( and republicanism generally ) does n't threaten the security of the heartland of the uk . 
  a uk without northern ireland is not really any less secure than the uk is today . 
  your leaders moved the fight to politics because they honestly would consider it acceptable in the long term to lose northern ireland , if the population of northern ireland so chose . 
  this option simply is n't available for countries like israel , where giving in to the palestinians ' demands would create a still-hostile state that literally overlooks the majority of the israeli population , or algeria , where giving in to the islamists ' demands would have meant the complete capitulation of the government and the handover of power . 
  well , that 's a moral choice you 'll never have to make , sitting comfortably in a state with no significant settled minorities and no territorial disputes . 
  tiny countries with no enemies have neither the ability nor the opportunity to wield power , which means they never need to make any tough moral choices about how to use that power . 
   you ca n't beat terrorism with violence . 
  that 's really not true at all . 
  you can . 
  the sri lankans and the algerians will testify to that fact . 
  it 's not pretty , but it works . 
  countries like israel , turkey , and morocco are actually pulling their punches with their counterterrorism efforts in order to be more palatable to their populations , which is why terrorism continues in those countries . 
  i do n't advocate for the sri lankan/algerian method , but it 's simply not true to say that you ca n't beat terrorism with violence . 
  liberal democracies find the necessary amount of violence to be unacceptable , so generally we do n't use the same tactics , but they are available and effective . 
  her husband got a nobel ( on behalf of unicef ) too . 
  and more bad news for eurocrats : cyprus ' natural gas field is shared with israel and lebanon . 
  lebanon 's not really developing due to the whole hezbollah situation , but israel is looking to rapidly develop the gas fields and become a gas exporter . 
  if the europeans are looking to get their gas imports from some place other than russia ( on whose gas several eu countries are already dangerously dependent ) , and if cyprus sells itself to the russians , their next best chance is getting the stuff from israel . 
  the israelis will almost certainly use the chance to wring a more deferential tone about the palestinian conflict from the europeans , causing plenty of conflict among the european elite ( who already dislike israel ) . 
  well , we do n't really change our constitution like y' all do . 
  we just add additional articles to it . 
  we do n't throw it out and write a new one like france or poland or the rest of you . 
  edit : and we have n't even added any addenda lately because adding a constitutional amendment is ludicrously difficult , politically speaking . 
  there is a lot of resistance to making any changes to the constitution , so da _____ has a point . 
  everyone has an accent . 
  the accent you have might be very similar to the standard language , but you still have one . 
  i understand that their claim is based on the uti possidetis principle , but i have heard on numerous occasions the argument that the falklands are just too far from the uk to justify being part of that country . 
  they 're not even `` nearby '' by any reasonable definition . 
  no , the top eu universities do n't suck . 
  oxford , cambridge , the sorbonne , etc. 
  are justly world-renowned . 
  we just have a much broader market . 
  let 's assume you 're an aspiring eurocrat . 
  you are trying to figure out where to go to university . 
  you speak your native language , english , and french or german . 
  your choices are generally limited linguistically to the universities in your home country and those in the big 3 . 
  of course , universities outside uk/ir , fr/be , and de/ch/at have programs in english , but it 's just not the same . 
  if you 're just talking about universities in the anglo/franco/germanophone countries , that 's a much smaller market than the us , where we have english-language universities for 310 million people . 
  because we have more , better universities here . 
  prestige is a self-fulfilling prophecy : prestigious universities like harvard , columbia , and mit draw the cream of the crop for students , and they can choose the best academics in the world for their faculty . 
  having smart , driven students and brilliant professors makes the universities better , which draws more and more students to apply and more professors to try to work there .
