  it 's completely out of the question of practically happening . 
  none of that deals with the palestinians ' stated intent to commit genocide on jews left in an independent palestine . 
  regardless of whether or not they should be there , the fact that the prospect of their mass murder by palestinians provokes such a blas\u00e9 response tells you everything you need to know about third-parties ' stake in their conflict . 
  and how is land swaps any less practical than the resettlement of hundreds of thousands of israeli jews ? 
  uh , no , they invaded to destroy the tunnels . 
  they decided to invade after the outrage with the murdered teens in order to take advantage of public opinion . 
  the war was just either way : it was just easier to sell after the teens had been murdered and all israelis were pissed at the palestinians . 
  the palestinians would have all the building materials they could want if hamas did n't use the building materials that they do get to build those tunnels that they were going to use to murder civilians . 
  `` false pretense ?! '', 
  hamas was digging tunnels that reach miles into israel with the intention of popping out , murdering israeli civilians at will . 
  hamas started the war when it attempted to sneak into israel and murder civilians . 
  but somehow , israel started the war because it did n't want to allow its civilians to be murdered en masse * before * the tunnels that would 've allowed that to happen ? 
  i 'm saying that president obama has thrown around words like `` unacceptable '' and `` can not tolerate '' and then done nothing to demonstrate his commitment to those phrases . 
  contrary to mr. obama 's beliefs , you can not simply make things happen by saying that you want them to happen . 
  when you say that a russian annexation of the crimea is `` unacceptable , '' you have to actually take steps to convince russia to leave the peninsula or to punish russia for doing so . 
  violence goes both ways , but the intention to commit genocide ( or at least ethnic cleansing ) only goes one way . 
  palestinians do things like murder whole families in their own homes , and the palestinian leadership merely calls their actions impolitic . 
  jews just rip up a tree and are castigated by major portions of israeli jewish society . 
  with the exception of international public opinion , which is solidly in the palestinian camp . 
  unfortunately for them , the palestinians have not figured out that `` international support '' is not worth as much as you might think . 
  the israelis only retrench themselves deeper when they see the `` international community '' as hostile . 
  you 're right . 
  generally speaking , countries do n't recognize other countries `` within certain borders . '', 
  they recognize the country and then say `` we do n't recognize x territory as part of y country . '', 
  the implication behind your post is important : nobody thinks the settlers would stay because * nobody thinks jews would be safe in an independent palestine * . 
  why is that ? 
  more than a million arabs live safely in an independent israel , without the need for an arab army patrolling the streets . 
  why do we expect that , the moment the idf is gone , the arabs of palestine will attack the jews in the settlements ? 
  the answer is simple : because that is what the palestinians tell us they will do , both in actions and in words . 
  the real question is , why is the `` international community '' so eager to force israel to recognize the independence ( on terms favorable to the arabs ) of a state filled with people who nakedly proclaim their intention to commit genocide on any and all jews remaining in their country ? 
  and the israelis will never agree to redivide jerusalem ( it was split between them and jordan between 1949 and 1967 ) . 
  since the status quo is essentially the israelis ' position , the palestinians need to make a compelling argument that there is a * need * to split jerusalem , but there is no argument that will convince the israelis to agree to something so stupid . 
  i mean , just think about it in practical terms . 
  how do you divide a city ? 
  jerusalem is densely populated and extremely hilly , making drawing clear borders impossible . 
  the palestinians have never made a valid argument for why they would sacrifice their very independence for the chance to cut a bleeding line through the heart of a city . 
  the determination of poland 's borders after wwi . 
  there were plebiscites in silesia and masuria , a war in the east with the soviets , and a polish-sponsored `` secessionist '' state in lithuania that brought wilno/vilnius into poland . 
  the debate over exactly how much soviet territory to annex , mostly between pi\u0142sudski and dmowski , is an especially interesting question , as it touched on the nature of polish identity and who the polish state ought to represent . 
  i think it 's an absolutely fascinating subject . 
  uh , based on recent events , it seems incredibly obvious that russia intended to instigate conflict . 
  at least romney would 've responded instead of treating the crimea like putin 's rhineland and the donbass like his sudetenland , like obama has . 
  obama 's `` red lines '' have been proven on multiple occasions to be worthless , which only encourages military adventurism by those who want to change by force the world order that we 've created . 
  like `` glug glug glug ? '', 
  only a tiny portion of `` catalonia '' is part of france , pretty much just the area around roussillon . 
  confirmed : there are direct flights from at least five carriers between boston ( a second-tier american airport ) and edinburgh ( a second-tier british airport ) , and between boston and marseilles . 
  but poland was n't the state waging war on jews . 
  it was nazi germany , and jews were a tiny minority in german and german-occupied lands counted together . 
  what i meant was that jews were such a small segment of the population and had such a low incidence of violence that the state could feel safe in undertaking genocidal violence against jews and could expect to meet little violent resistance or jewish reprisals against civilians . 
  the same can not be said of european muslims . 
  that 'd be a fair point if anyone anywhere thought europeans had the spine to do it . 
  jews were never a threat to any european country and they constituted a tiny , negligible minority in most of europe . 
  killing jews posed no threat to european states . 
  on the other hand , muslims make up a pretty serious percentage of many european countries , and they are often concentrated in specific urban areas . 
  the europeans ethnically cleansing their countries of muslims is not taken seriously because a ) nobody thinks the self-righteous finger-waggers who say that israel commits `` genocide '' by blowing up mostly empty houses have the spine to do worse in their own country , and b ) ethnically cleansing europe of muslims would be a huge military undertaking given how many muslims there are and how deeply-rooted they are in defensible urban areas . 
  no , that 's not where circumcision comes from . 
  look up genesis 17:10 -14 . 
  god tells abraham to circumcise his sons as a mark of god 's covenant with abraham and his descendants . 
  the problem is that , at least for kosher slaughter , stunning them means it ca n't be kosher . 
  kosher meat can not have any bruising or abrasions , so whacking the creature over the head would render it * treif * ( that is , it can not be kosher ) and therefore unfit for observant jews to eat . 
  forcing you to stun an animal that you have bred and fed for the express purpose of killing it for food seems a bit silly anyway . 
  whatever , slavery existed back in the day , no use pretending it did n't . 
  `` have some compassion '' says the guy advocating a policy that will convince an entire ethno-religious group that they are not welcome in his country . 
  that 's not where the commandment to circumcise your son comes from . 
  that 's just saul being quirky . 
  that comes from genesis 17:10 -14 . 
  10 this is my covenant , which ye shall keep , between me and you and thy seed after thee : every male among you shall be circumcised . 
  11 and ye shall be circumcised in the flesh of your foreskin ; and it shall be a token of a covenant betwixt me and you . 
  12 and he that is eight days old shall be circumcised among you , every male throughout your generations , he that is born in the house , or bought with money of any foreigner , that is not of thy seed . 
  13 he that is born in thy house , and he that is bought with thy money , must needs be circumcised ; and my covenant shall be in your flesh for an everlasting covenant . 
  14 and the uncircumcised male who is not circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin , that soul shall be cut off from his people ; he hath broken my covenant . ', 
  because they draw blood from your preexisting circumcision scar . 
  it 's not just `` we need a drop of blood , '' it 's because they need to do a circumcision , but there 's no foreskin to circumcise , so in lieu of that , they draw a single drop of blood from where the penis was originally circumcised and the circumcision is thereafter considered to have been ritually done as if it were done on the eighth day . 
  source : i converted to judaism and had a ritual circumcision performed on me . 
  uh , yeah , that 's what i think you * should * do . 
  i was saying that if you were dead-set on banning circumcision , you should at least provide an exemption for jews . 
  but * not * banning circumcision is still preferable . 
  okay , here 's the breakdown . 
  almost all jews everywhere think that circumcision is a sine qua non of jewishness . 
  you can argue all you want that jews * should n't * believe that , but they * do * , and until that changes , a circumcision ban is essentially making jewish identity illegal . 
  the jews who can afford to do so will leave very rapidly . 
  there is no point in staying in a country that bans you from raising your sons to be part of the people of israel . 
  america and israel thank you for all the yitzhak perlmans and einsteins and mila kunis ' you will force to come here . 
  the jews who ca n't afford to leave or refuse to do so will just circumcise underground , in their own homes . 
  however , the state knows it ca n't really prevent this from happening , so it will rely on health professionals to report it to the state when they treat a child who 's been circumcised . 
  jews , who naturally do not want to be punished for breaking a law they will see as an attack on them and their identity , will therefore not bring their sons to doctors in the country for fear of being thrown in prison or having their kids taken from them . 
  but everyone needs medical care eventually , so the jews who did n't immediately leave will eventually be convinced of the need to move somewhere where they do n't have to worry that their doctors will turn them in . 
  that 's why banning circumcision will eventually result in a mass exodus of jews from your country . 
  you realize that if you ban circumcision , the way jews will `` figure it out '' is a ) leave and go somewhere where raising your son to be jewish is not illegal ; or b ) perform illegal circumcisions . 
  so all the jews who can afford to do so will vacate your country and go to either america or israel , with a more firmly-entrenched bitterness about european antisemitism . 
  the jews who ca n't or refuse to leave , in the meantime , will continue to perform circumcisions in their homes . 
  but then , how is the law enforced ? 
  if jews know that doctors will tell the government that their child is circumcised and they 'll be punished , they wo n't bring their babies to doctors . 
  banning circumcision does n't help those kids , because they 'll be circumcised anyway : all it does it make their lives suck as they have to go to extraordinary lengths to make sure no state official or law-abiding health professional ever sees their penis . 
  a circumcision ban essentially forces jewish life either to leave or to go underground . 
  i am telling you , almost all jews consider circumcision to be a sine qua non of jewishness . 
  you 're the asshole here , for casually dismissing the importance of something that jews have seen as essential to their identity since the romans ruled england and armenia . 
  people of finnish ethnicity can get preferred naturalization in finland , too . 
  the same is true in turkey . 
  it 's not that unusual a practice .
