  oh , i 'm sure some very clever lawyers can come up with the legal changes necessary to allow catalonia to secede , the problem is really whether or not the central spanish government will implement them . 
  the central spanish government * really * does n't like the idea of secession . 
  if catalonia goes , the basques and the galicians will certainly bugger off too ; in the worst-case scenario for the central government , `` spain '' is reduced to just the central castillian core , with valencia ( potentially as part of catalonia ) , asturias , andalusia , and aragon leaving as well . 
  in order for catalonia 's secession to be legal , the government in madrid would have to okay it . 
  given the possibility of secessionist dominoes in spain , it seems very unlikely that they would authorize a legal secession . 
  edit : i should make it clear . 
  i do n't really think that , if the catalans declared independence , the spanish would militarily conquer catalonia and force them back into spain . 
  but i do think they would adopt essentially the same position that serbia has on kosovo : `` it 's not a real state and it 's an essential part of our territory . '', 
  the spanish government would go out of their way to block membership in international organizations for catalonia , and prevent the catalans from coming to international conferences and the like . 
  you would have independence , but your relationship with spain would be extremely strained , to say the least . 
  well , if you do n't mind fighting a war for independence , fine . 
  if you 're scotland or catalonia and you want to secede peacefully , then you have to expect that the country you 're seceding from will recognize your secession as legal . 
  lithuania ( and latvia and estonia ) is a bit of a different situation , since as a soviet socialist republic , it had the right to secede from the ussr enshrined in the soviet constitution . 
  catalonia , on the other hand , does not have the same right enshrined in the spanish constitution ( i think ) , so either madrid has to make some sort of constitutional exception to allow catalonia to legally secede , or it will be treated as an illegal secession . 
  in the latter case , international organizations will have to be more careful about how they treat it , since `` illegal secessions '' range from kosovo to transnistria in terms of international recognition . 
  well , scotland 's not the only sub-national unit in europe with thoughts of secession . 
  how the uk and the eu deal with the scottish secession proposal sets a precedent for how others would be able to deal with a bid for catalan or flemish independence . 
  the outcome of the referendum is n't really as important in the long run to europe as the entire process . 
  how london and brussels prepare for the possibility of an independent scotland matters to how other secessionist proposals would be treated . 
  no no , i 'm pretty sure `` irony '' is [ incredibly apt ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dev%c5%9firme ) . 
  for a large part of the country , nascar comes in second only to football . 
  nascar is * huge * . 
   thats a very good point . 
  also modern forms of communication are making dialects disappear ( or at least making them weaker ) over here ( sadly ) , so i doubt that america will ever develop as diverse dialects as found in some european countries . 
  it 's not really clear that this is the case . 
  mass media and the internet makes access to a standard language easier , but it also makes it much easier for non-standard dialects to be maintained across a long distance . 
  a hundred years ago , if you moved from a rural village to a city , you 'd probably never speak your rural dialect again once you adopted the ( more standardized ) city dialect . 
  nowadays , you can text or skype your family and friends in your dialect , and many minority languages now have substantial internet resources . 
   within an hour of where i live there are at least four different ways of saying `` i '' . 
  it 's worth pointing out that there is significant dialectal difference about how to say `` you '' in america , * especially * in the plural . 
  `` y' all , '' `` y' alls , '' `` all y' alls , '' `` yinz , '' and `` you guys '' are all grammatical ways to say the second-person plural pronoun in different parts of america . 
   look at us/canada they allow only skilled immigration , ever heard of integration problems there like you do in uk/france ? 
  also ever heard indian mafia gangs ? 
  this is the op that you responded to . 
  my point was that skilled immigrants , like the ones who settle in neighborhoods like mine , very rarely have problems integrating into american life . 
  you ca n't just say `` immigrants do n't integrate in the us , '' because it 's simply not true . 
  some types of immigrants do n't integrate , but many , many do . 
  oh , no , that 's not true at all . 
  islamophobia has just been added to the tidy antisemitism that 's still hanging around . 
  well , the `` i was just following orders '' has not been a legitimate excuse in the us military since the 1700s . 
  could you provide any specific examples of an order that is legal pursuant to german/international law , but that could be disobeyed by a german soldier ? 
  i mean , surely this has come up at least once . 
  i mean , obviously , excluding examples from nazi germany , since germany is no longer a fascist dictatorship that legalizes brutality . 
  well , that 's because it takes time for accents to diverge . 
  american accents spread from east to west only 150-200 years ago . 
  scandinavians have had centuries if not millennia to diverge . 
  compare american accents to , say , russian accents . 
  russian probably has relatively little variation from the urals to vladivostok , since that was peopled by russian speakers relatively recently . 
  well , that seems to leave a lot of grey area . 
  can you think of any publicized instances ( or hypothetical scenarios ) where a german soldier could disobey a legal order ? 
  yeah , probably . 
  ianajag , but i would assume that if you obeyed an illegal order , then you would obviously have done something illegal , and if you were caught , you would face a military court . 
   immigrants do n't integrate in the us and monoethnic ` ghettos ' are more prevalent there than in most parts of europe . 
  the key difference is americans do n't seem to care as much vs. europeans . 
  they are used to having african-american ghettos , huge chinatowns , hispanic neighbourhoods etc. 
  it becomes part of the ` character ' of the city rather than a threat to social cohesion . 
  i 'm honestly wondering : do you live in america ? 
  because i do . 
  i live in a relatively affluent part of the northeast , in a suburb of boston ; so a very attractive place to live for highly-educated immigrants . 
  many of the dentists and doctors offices in my town belong to immigrants or their children ( and with very obviously non-european names ) , and their kids went to my school ( or to the more prestigious private schools in the area ) . 
  maybe there are sizable monoethnic neighborhoods in our cities , but those are constantly in flux as gentrification happens some places and white flight/suburbanization happens elsewhere . 
  but in the suburbs , immigrants integrate into the local community . 
  the only exception is that our immigrants do not tend to belong to local denominations of christianity ( catholicism , methodism , congregationalism , episcopalianism , etc. 
  ) , so they tend to create their own churches or places of worship . 
  because carriers do n't just move around unprotected . 
  a carrier group will be protected by multiple subs whose sole purpose is to seek an destroy any hostile submarines , as well as surface ships with the same job . 
  you could probably sink a carrier with a submarine if the carrier somehow got lost and did n't have its support ships , but the likelihood of that happening is tiny . 
  remember that during the cold war , the soviets ' main anti-carrier tool was the submarine : because of that , we spent a lot of time and money on developing anti-submarine protections for our carriers . 
  uh , american soldiers do not have to obey all orders they are given . 
  soldiers can and should disobey * illegal * orders , like being order to kill civilians or rape a prisoner or something . 
  the us , israel , germany , the uk , and practically all other armies have this rule . 
  well , we play it without words , just the music , and we call it pomp and circumstance . 
  as an american , i 'd laugh if land of hope and glory were your national anthem , because that music is universally and exclusively played as the graduation processional in high schools and universities in the us . 
  it 's like having the [ wedding march ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tdymayp6dk ) as your national anthem : it 's only supposed to be at weddings !, 
  i know the word to the belgian national anthem in dutch , i think the french version goes like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4k1q9ntcr5g ) . 
  to be more specific , the regional stereotypes in new england : bostonians : arrogant , self-important liberal douches who think they 're more important than everyone else bostonians ii : drunken irish cops western massachusetts : people live there ? 
  the cape and islands : rich assholes new hampshire : gun-toting republican bumpkins maine : adorable but primitive peasants , `` hardy folk . '', 
  vermont : even whinier and more liberal than boston , except with no black people rhode island : pretentious italians who ca n't drive , basically bostonians but a little worse in every way connecticut : loud italians , either of the ghetto-as-fuck variety or the rich-snob variety fairfield county : new york-loving traitors , worthy only of scorn, 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yprh8elxgbu ) may be my most-watched youtube video . 
  i could listen to this song over and over ... 
  my point was merely that , regardless of their level of piety or observance , germany has more catholics than portugal ( an iconic catholic country ) has people . 
  it is a major player when it comes to catholic countries . 
  most people in the history of everything have been fairly lax about religious observance . 
  whether or not they attend church each sunday is n't as important as whether or not they self-identify as a catholic . 
  it 's not that historical : german was historically spoken in silesia , farther pomerania , and east prussia . 
  polish was historically spoken in ukrainian galicia and in eastern lithuania . 
  finnish was historically spoken throughout karelia and ingria . 
  i 'm not really sure why yiddish is on there : aside from the vastly exaggerated extent of irish and gaelic , this is a map of the linguistic situation today . 
  germany has 25 million catholics . 
  i 'd consider that a pretty heavily catholic country . 
  i 'm saying that the russian leadership has never felt truly secure , and russian foreign policy has ultimately consisted of russian continually pushing west on the northern european plain , either by annexation of land or by subverting the existing governments there and replacing them with russian puppet states . 
  so yes , i 'm saying that russia would like to extend its influence and it prefers that governments around it are friendly rather than confrontational , but the same is true of * every * state . 
  i 'm saying that historically , russia has used every tool in its arsenal * aggressively * to ensure this result , and that habit has not changed with the fall of communism . 
  short-term policy goals are always changing , but the constant in russian foreign policy has been to extend control to all logical geographic barriers ( the caucasus in the south and the baltic in the northwest ) , and where there is no logical geographic barrier ( as on the northern europe plain and in central asia ) , to exert control as far west or south as possible . 
  if russia had the capability to maintain control over the baltic states or poland in the same way that they prevent chechnya from seceding , they would absolutely treat them the same way . 
  russia cares about economic stability right now because that is the most imminent threat to public order in the russian heartland . 
  once that is sorted out , they will turn -- as they always have -- to the russian `` near abroad '' and attempt to assert as much control as possible , to ensure friendly governments in the baltics , ukraine , the north caucasus , etc. . 
  russia may not be communist , but it will * always * be russia . 
  russian foreign policy since the creation of that country has focused on holding as much territory as far west as possible , to create a buffer zone of non-russian-inhabited areas between foreign powers and the russian heartland . 
  if the russian government had the ability and the opportunity to militarily reassert control over the baltics , poland , etc. , then they would do so , without hesitation or shame .
