indeed : i thought beirut was the paris of the east . 
  i do this in eu4 or victoria 2 . 
  nothing feels better than making prussia eat it in vicky 2 . 
  on the other hand , how would it look if the icc were spending hundreds or thousands of man-hours prosecuting israel for a handful of deaths when rwandan warlords responsible for thousands of deaths are not prosecuted , or bashar al-assad , or any one of the hundreds of people or entities who have killed orders of magnitude more people than israel ? 
  the icc has limited resources and it does not make sense for it to devote those limited resources to an event so low-scale it caused fewer deaths than an accidental bus crash . 
  the palestinians have always gotten a crazily disproportionate amount of attention from international bodies : thank god one of them has finally decided to put them in their place and remind them that there are people dealing with much worse than they are . 
  they 're not mutually exclusive . 
  we did not give enough aid to help the moderate rebels actually win , but we gave them enough that when they lost to isis , the material that isis took from them was significant . 
  archetypical example : the president of the united states . 
  well , uh , blame the east anglians who moved here and named their new homes after places in old england ? 
  sorry for having a sentimental attachment to the motherland ? 
  and besides which , i think we 've managed very well to avoid making famous copies of very famous cities . 
  `` boston '' without clarification quite clearly refers to new england ; `` london '' likewise refers to england . 
  the only potentially confusing one might be manchester , which is a middle-sized city in new hampshire . 
  for the most part , each city is only big or important on one side of the pond . 
  true , but a man can dream . 
  also , i would hope we would 've civilized enough to entertain the idea of secession as well as the uk did with the scottish referendum . 
  on the other hand , it 's hard to argue that the pro-statist , catholic , education-focused , publicly-unfriendly , new englanders are the * same * culture as the libertarian , baptist , work-as-education , hospitable , southerners , or the pro-statist , irreligious , laid-back , smug cascadians . 
  as an american , i am very interested in an anglo union . 
  even if new england has to leave the u.s. to join . 
  in the us beers comes in 16 or 20 oz . 
  sizes when you order it at a bar . 
  well the turkish saray comes from persian `` sara'i '' meaning `` palace , '' or `` inn . '', 
  it 's plausible that russians took the same word to mean `` shed . '', 
  tajiks are n't turks , either . 
  tajik is mutually intelligible with persian , iirc . 
  just because they exist does n't mean they 're followed by the majority of warring factions nowadays . 
  while this is indeed a sick burn , maybe the swedes could consider sending over that `` good partner '' and `` manual '' for resolving ethnic conflicts with mutually incompatible claims that they are apparently hoarding ? 
  * whoosh * is the sound that my post made when it goes entirely over your head . 
  my point was this : what swedes think of as a `` threat '' and what israelis think of as a `` threat '' are orders of magnitude different in terms of cost in human life and political order . 
  you do n't understand the conflict because you have made no effort to understand what exactly motivates israelis -- that is , * what they are afraid of * . 
  you 're quibbling over details . 
  the point is : the worst thing that could happen to swedes is an unfortunate and depressing foreign occupation . 
  the worst thing that could happen to israelis is genocide , the destruction of their polity , and the scattering of the survivors as refugees , and what 's worse : this would be the * second * time it happened to the jews . 
  very few people in europe have bothered to really , honestly consider israeli motivations , preferring to think the israelis are motivated by a greedy lust for land or an ideology of racial supremacy . 
  in other words , most europeans do n't bother to look past the tropes their forefathers have attributed to jews since time immemorial : the jews as usurers and the jews as a discriminatory race that only helps each other . 
  would they ? 
  european governments do n't seem to think that rockets coming from gaza are a legitimate casus belli now : why would that change after palestine was recognized ? 
  this is exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  you fundamentally do not understand what an * existential threat * means . 
  oh , you 're afraid of russia ? 
  why ? 
  let 's seriously discuss this . 
  what is the worst-case scenario for sweden if russia invades ? 
  the swedish army will put up a bit of a fight but after a week or so , your government will surrender to prevent more bloodshed , even though maybe a couple hundred soldiers will have died . 
  there is no street-to-street fighting and the government condemns the couple of people who attempt to assemble a resistance for fear of provoking a russian response . 
  a russian occupation force comes ; while there are some complaints about physical and sexual abuse by russian soldiers , there are no mass killings . 
  a phony plebiscite justifies the imposition of a pro-russian puppet government . 
  russia annexes gotland , but leaves mainland sweden alone as a vassal . 
  life will be worse , but it will go on much as it does now , just with restricted freedoms of speech and press . 
  but it is unlikely that russia would attack sweden without nato coming to your aid , so more realistically , all that would happen and then you would wait a few weeks or months until the u.s. and the uk could liberate you with those militaries that your people so regularly condemn . 
  now , worst case scenario for israel ? 
  as soon as it becomes clear that the idf has failed and the enemy armies are approaching israeli civilian centers , the entire israeli population arms itself . 
  stories emerge that tens of thousands of israeli pows have been killed and thrown in ditches in the sinai and the hauran , which raises israeli civilian/militia fear into hysterical rage and makes israeli resistance resolute . 
  enemy armies eventually , with much loss of life , capture one israeli town after another , but the loss of their brothers in arms has sufficiently infuriated the enemies that they massacre the inhabitants who remain in the town . 
  in the meantime , the international reaction is to issue a couple of ceasefire demands , but the arabs , seeing the path to tel aviv laid before them , refuse to countenance the idea of a ceasefire . 
  after the fall of haifa or ashdod , when it becomes clear to outsiders that israel has the very real possibility of losing , american public opinion demands that we help israel , but our feckless leadership dithers for weeks as enemy armies get closer to tel aviv , and eventually decide that helping israel is a fool 's errand . 
  when the israeli leadership realizes no help is coming , they nuke the enemy capitals , but at this point , the arabs just take the loss and refuse to stop . 
  european public opinion is horrified by the use of nukes and condemns israel . 
  meanwhile , millions of israelis have fled to europe , recreating the scenes of postwar displaced persons camps , and europeans whine about accommodating so many refugees , stating defiantly that they do n't have to feel guilty about whining about jewish refugees because the holocaust was so long ago . 
  the millions left in the tel aviv area are targeted by chemical and biological weapons , in addition to an artillery barrage that makes the city look like rotterdam in wwii . 
  the israeli leadership sees the end , and because the arabs can not penetrate much farther into the tel aviv area without enormous loss of life , agrees to an israeli deal that lets the millions of remaining jews to leave the levant . 
  effectively , there is a second diaspora . 
  the israeli refugees are greeted in their exile by the crowing of american and european leftists who are exultant in the recent arab `` victory over imperialist aggressors . '', 
  maybe only 20 % of the israeli population has been killed ( 10 % of the jewish population worldwide ) , but the israeli polity has been utterly destroyed , and there is no hope of it being militarily liberated , at least in the near future . 
  * that * is what losing a major war looks like to israelis . 
  whether it 's accurate or not is n't as important as understanding that that image is what goes through israelis ' minds when they consider what might happen if the arabs win . 
  how big a percentage of those foreigners are danes or norwegians ? 
  and besides , the influx of refugees is an innovation of the last couple of decades . 
  swedish historical memory is of a homogeneous country for the past hundred years at least . 
  russia does n't existentially threaten sweden . 
  nobody in sweden thinks that there is a serious possibility of russians marching into stockholm and massacring the inhabitants , whereas israelis believe that an arab army marching into jerusalem and massacring the jewish inhabitants is not an unrealistic scenario if the idf fails in a war . 
  indeed , france dropped israel like a hot potato in the 60s once they stopped the algerian war and france decided to court the arabs again . 
  i mean , there are some europeans who understand , but the general public in every european country does n't understand . 
  why should they ? 
  they are n't arabs and they are n't jews , and they mostly live in overwhelmingly homogeneous countries with no serious existential threats . 
  too bad there are jews that europeans can focus their attention on !, 
  no , the difference is that the politicians in westminster felt no existential threat , even from the most ardent supporters of irish nationalism . 
  in contrast , the israelis do feel an existential threat from hardline palestinian nationalists , since hardline palestinians ' demands amount to not only the replacement of israel by a palestinian arab-run state ( at best , from the israeli point of view ) to the ethnic cleansing or genocide of israeli jews ( at worst ) . 
  it 's quite simply not the same as northern ireland . 
  and that series of maps is a crock of shit . 
  it labels all the yellow bits `` palestinian '' and leaves you to assume that palestinians were in political control over that territory , when that is only true for the last map . 
  this is especially egregious in the case of the fourth map , in which the yellow areas were occupied by egypt and annexed by jordan . 
  really , palestinian political control over any territory at all emerged in the 90s as the result of the oslo accords . 
  35 years is a long time . 
  wars have `` rules of decency '' now ? 
  you should try telling syria that , or the nigerian army against boko haram . 
  or the sri lankans and the tamils . 
  or the russians and the chechens . 
  give one example of israel straight up * not caring * . 
  israel is more careful in prosecuting wars than everyone else fighting asymmetric wars . 
  there is a lot of sympathy for palestinians in israel . 
  some form of the two-state solution is absolutely mainstream consensus in israel . 
  generally speaking , what that means to israel is a demilitarized palestinian state and israel keeps all of jerusalem and the major israeli settlement blocs . 
  moreover , there is a great deal of angst in israel over how burdensome the israeli security measures are on the palestinian population . 
  naturally , when palestinians rain rockets on southern israel or murder israelis in their homes , sympathy for the palestinians goes down , but israelis really do care about how checkpoints , the security barrier , etc. 
  affect the palestinians . 
  even when the israelis are at war with the palestinians , they take pretty extraordinary measures to prevent unnecessary loss of life . 
  this is not because israelis just like wasting money on dummy bombs and pamphlets telling people to evacuate and prematurely blowing up missiles that would kill too many civilians , but because they care about prosecuting war in as careful a way as is possible -- it is still war though . 
  northern ireland is not a good example .
