  regular folk never talk about them at all . 
  and spain ? 
  spain has at least three major linguistic minorities ( catalans , basques , and galicians ) without their own country . 
  in relative terms , poland , belarus , and ukraine were the big losers in wwii . 
  the war barely got to the ethnic russian heartland , while the polish - , belarusian - and ukrainian-populated battleground between the german - and russian-inhabited areas was absolutely devastated . 
  well the majority of american jews are n't in favor of the settlements either ( at least , in my experience ) . 
  well , it 's a good thing the jew-hatred was so much less during the early twentieth century , when hyper-assimilated jews like dreyfus were still considered traitorous , even without a jewish state to be beholden to . 
  do tell !, 
  i 'm actually interested to hear that , because the boston jewish community is overwhelmingly in favor of the existence of israel , and australian jewry is regularly held up as an example of `` how to prevent assimilation '' to american jews . 
  yeah , because the jew-hatred in europe was much less significant in the 40s , before israel existed . 
  virtually all jews are zionists ( that is , they believe that there should be a jewish nation-state ) to some extent . 
  there is a tiny minority who disagree , but they are completely insignificant , even within the limited scope of the jewish community . 
  which does not contradict my claim that up until the late eighteen hundreds , the overwhelming majority of the population was ethnically british . 
  also , a lot of people with mixed english and other ancestry tend to identify as the other ancestry because english is seen as the default , so english-americans are probably undercounted in the census . 
  to be fair , modern lithuanian literature * did * start in east prussia , where lutheran lithuanians ( lietuvininkai ) were able to print books in the lithuanian language . 
  these books were then smuggled into russian lithuania , where printing books in lithuanian was illegal . 
  actually , the majority of people in new england self-identified as `` english '' ( rather than `` american '' ) until well after the war of 1812 . 
  the vast majority of the american population was `` english '' until mass german , irish , and italian migration in the mid - and late-eighteenth century . 
  food for thought : at the time , `` americans '' were just british people on the other side of the pond . 
  so the british could n't even beat the british without french help !, 
  i think you fundamentally understand what 's going on if you do n't think there are many , many mothers who * would * be proud of their sons going off to win the holy war . 
  is `` touch wood '' the same as `` knock on wood ? '', 
  in the us , if you talk about something that you do n't want to happen , you say `` knock on wood '' and then knock on the closest wooden object to make sure that thing does n't happen . 
  for example , `` if sue gets promoted , knock on wood , it 's going to be a huge drag working here , '' or , `` when mom dies , knock on wood , i really want that china set . '', 
  as opposed to old european countries like france ( whose latest constitution is younger than some post colonial states ) , germany ( unified after the american civil war ) , or belgium ( created after the us had been around for 50 years ) ? 
  the logical extension to this , if we wanted to take a unified anglosphere route , is for the uk to lobby the us hard to lobby the other anglos to join up to some economic agreements . 
  the poles invented the greek catholics with the union of brest . 
  english ca n't `` turn romance . '', 
  it is a germanic language that inherited a lot of romance words . 
  the underlying grammatical structure is still germanic . 
  you are naive . 
  a president who really wanted to bomb syria simply would not have jumped at a russian-authored deal that kept the syrian dictator in power and made him a partner in the removal of chemical weapons , thereby making him no longer a valid target for bombing . 
  president obama never had any intention of bombing syria , and the evidence is his support for a deal that does literally nothing for us while ( for the reasons i explained above ) massively benefiting the russians and their allies . 
  obama , despite having no strategic vision at all , is a keen politician : if he had launched a major assault on syria , it would have majorly damaged the democrats in the polls . 
  it would take a man with much greater faith in his strategic vision than obama ( who lacks such a thing entirely , or at least has given no evidence for it publicly ) to be so bold as to launch an attack when his party is weakened by an unpopular domestic policy . 
  making the deal with russia was a face-saving measure to be able to claim to the american public that he was doing something about syria . 
  you are doubly naive for thinking that the chemical weapons deal is indeed an accomplishment at all . 
  has the chemical weapons deal saved any lives ? 
  the lesson that dictators can draw from the deal is that , according to the us president , they are free to murder their own people as much as they would like , as long as they do n't use chemical weapons . 
  or if they only use chemical weapons once or twice then promise not to use them any more . 
  is assad any less capable of brutally quashing a rebellion the way his father did without ( most of ) his chemical weapons ? 
  last time i checked , he seemed to be retaking the offensive and doing just fine . 
  obama failed to do anything of substance in syria . 
  military strikes are not the only option available to the president of the united states . 
  syria is not under an arms embargo , for instance . 
  russia can continually reapply it 's syrian ally with as many conventional weapons as it needs to slaughter it 's population into submission . 
  the facts are these : obama demanded `` assad must go ; '' assad has yet to go ; and obama does not seem to be doing anything to make him go . 
  so what does the word of an american president mean , if the absolutely clear `` he must go '' can not be made to happen ? 
  you 're fundamentally misunderstanding the implications of the chemical weapons deal . 
  it was a face-saving measure on obama 's part . 
  he made a red line and never had any intention of enforcing it . 
  he knew that a military attack in syria would be politically unpopular , but he drew that red line expecting that the syrians would n't use their chemical weapons . 
  when they did ( probably * because * they knew obama was bluffing and this would easily embarrass him ) , obama needed a way to get out of a politically unpopular military strike . 
  because to him , the priority is not our strategic interest or upholding the word of the usa , but being popular and keeping his polling numbers as high as possible . 
  russia saw this as an opportunity . 
  obama needed to avoid a military strike on syria , and russia and syria also wanted to avoid that possibility . 
  syria , furthermore , had huge stocks of ( mostly expired ) chemical weapons . 
  striking a deal with the us was a slam dunk for the russians and their syrian clients : syria avoids a military strike and gets rid of expired , worthless chemical weapons ( and the us pays for it ) , obama is humiliated because his word is demonstrated to be worthless , and russia demonstrates to its own ( mostly dictatorial ) client states that unlike the us ( which summarily dumped egyptian dictator mubarak on his ass ) , russia * would * defend its client states ' leaders . 
  in what way was this a success for america ? 
  it seems to me that this was a huge success for russia and syria , and only massive spinning on the part of the administration could make it seem otherwise . 
  given that syria appears to have used chlorine gas now ( meaning the whole farce of removing chemical weapons was pointless ) , it seems that number 2 would have been the best option . 
  if you have no intention of actually doing anything to stop a given conflict , number 2 is what governments should do : condemn the violence , but make neither promises not demands . 
  yes , it is weak : but it is not * as * weak as making demands and failing to see then through . 
  all of our allies could understand us taking option 2 ( even if the directly-involved allies like saudi arabia would be peeved with us not working with them ) , but nobody is pleased when we start making promises to allies ( even tentative allies like the syrian moderates ) and then failing to back them up . 
  that makes us unreliable . 
  an unreliable ally is an unpredictable ally , and nothing is worse for world stability than unpredictability . 
  iirc , at a certain point brittany in france was referred to as lesser britain ( cf. 
  greater poland and lesser poland ) . 
  the uk maybe , because we share so much history and have very similar worldviews , relatively speaking . 
  israel and saudi arabia , on the other hand , are much more free agents than americans like to think . 
  israel was a french client state until the 60 's , and saudi arabia has already started building up connections outside of the middle east to become the regional power themselves , in the absence of us authority . 
  you seem to believe that i am saying obama 's mistake was not going to war in syria . 
  i am not . 
  his first mistake was saying that assad `` had to go , '' and then doing nothing to make that happen ; and the his bigger mistake was saying that the use of chemical weapons was a `` red line , '' and then , when that red line was crossed , he made a deal that made assad a partner ( in getting rid of syria 's old , expensive-to-destroy chemical weapons ) instead of an enemy to be punished . 
  the obama 's policy on syria has vacillated from grandiose demands combined with no tangible effort to make those demands happen , to a weak-kneed agreement to make the dictator into an ally of a disarmament agreement . 
  remember when obama said `` assad must go '' ? 
  well , our allies will remember . 
  they will remember very well the big promises that came from the white house , and more importantly , they will remember how we did * nothing * about them . 
  do you think this does n't matter ? 
  if obama says that chinese assertions of sovereignty over the south china sea are a `` red line '' that must not be crossed , how do you think our philippine and vietnamese allies , or for that matter the chinese themselves , will see that ? 
  do you think that statement is backed with the full force of the united states ? 
  or will they dismiss it as a rhetorical flourish and simply ignore it ? 
  likewise in ukraine . 
  grand rhetorical demands from the white house have not been matched with real action to counter russian aggression , and likewise our red line keeps moving back . 
  russia invaded and annexed the crimea , but our `` red line '' ( not for military action , but merely for sanctions , and only against a limited number of russians ) now is only for further support of ukrainian separatists . 
  what about the crimea ? 
  what are we doing to punish then for that ? 
  obviously , bush 's wars were expensive and probably poorly-thought-out . 
  but obama 's foreign policy is a disaster . 
  that he is ( potentially ) better than bush is a stupendously low bar to set . 
  that 's like saying his strategic thinking is better than chamberlain 's . 
  by any reasonable standard , obama 's foreign policy has been awful . 
  overall , it has been characterized by grandiose rhetorical overtures to traditional foes of the us with no discernible positive effects , and failure to nurture and cultivate relationships with our allies . 
  the fact is , the president should not make promises he can not back up , or make demands that he can not ensure will be agreed to . 
  doing either will ensure that his office becomes meaningless . 
  obama has not learned that lesson , to the dismay of 20 million syrians and 40 + million ukrainians , to say nothing of the 300 + million americans he has made to look ridiculous . 
  no , he 's a pretty-uh-awful speaker . 
  he-uh-can ' t go a full-you see-sentence without a break or-uh-two . 
  he is not a good speaker . 
  he is at best mediocre , and his speech writers have a talent for overblown oratory that appeals to people , which makes people vastly overestimate his abilities .
