  using it to mean the latter is as wrong as using `` racism '' to refer to prejudice against the daytona 500 or the kentucky derby . 
  they 're still slightly over represented . 
  it 's not by a lot , but they are . 
  you already knew you 're the worst , though . 
  you 're france . 
  wtf we 're after * kenya * ? 
  well , immigration from france to israel has increased over the past couple years , and israel looks like a war zone from the cozy comfort of france , so that 's a pretty good impression of how safe french jews feel . 
  i know about the giuk gap . 
  even with a temporarily non-nato scotland , there 's not much reason we could n't actively monitor the non-scottish waters . 
  what 's the scottish government going to do ? 
  invite russian `` peacekeepers '' into ayrshire ? 
  i 'd like to see alex salmond explain * that * to his constituents . 
  uhhhh , just move the map that op posted . 
  i think you might have responded to the wrong person . 
  true , but the uk could be spectacularly vindictive about it . 
  what if they demand that scotland match the 2 % gdp pledge * before * they 're allowed to join nato ? 
  edit : and in any case , what about the eu and the boe ? 
  and what cards does the scottish negotiating team have ? 
  the uk holds the keys to nato and eu membership and the bank of england . 
  the scottish government 's negotiating position is starting from a bald-faced bluff . 
  actually , i 'm surprised at how small it is . 
  st. petersburg to paris is only the distance from boston to new orleans . 
  i would 've thought it 'd be farther . 
  i 'm sure if you dig down deep enough , there 's over 200 . 
  remember we 're counting russia , too : the caucasus has a shitton of languages spoken by a handful of people . 
  yes , it 's because she went to a posh school . 
  considering the narrative pushed by many is that islamists get their support from downtrodden , unemployed , uneducated , angry young men , the fact that an upper-middle-class woman chose to join them is shocking to people who are beholden to that narrative . 
  those of us who bothered to learn anything about islamists are n't shocked , though . 
  it 's common knowledge that bourgeois university-degree holders are fertile recruiting ground for islamists . 
  unfortunately those are printed only in german , russian , and swedish . 
  what 's red heat ? 
  an interest in poland and a love of the movie anastasia . 
  again , the same is true of italians before the risorgimento . 
  i have no idea what northern italians want , but if a substantial number want to break off , i think that should be their choice . 
  we wo n't know until we ask them though . 
  that is most assuredly true . 
  the only russians americans know is `` da zvidanya '' and only if they saw the movie anastasia . 
  and in any case they could n't distinguish it from do widzenia . 
  huh . 
  truthfully , i 'm pretty shocked by that number of irish illegal immigrants . 
  both political parties play racial politics to their own advantage . 
  ever seen how democrats tolerate a black or hispanic ( or gay ) republican ? 
  as for the `` hard line '' nature of republican policy , we truly live in bizarre times when republican demands that the law be enforced as written is `` hard line . '', 
  right , but before italy was founded , it was considered a ridiculous flight of fancy ( i ca n't remember who , but some 19th-century politician called italy simply a `` geographical expression . '' ), 
  padania might be a newly-thought-up idea , but if the peoples of northern italy feel a kinship , they should be able to express that . 
  and at least it seems to me that northern italy shares a common history of political fragmentation not shared by southern italy ( for centuries part of aragon or the two sicilies as one big piece ) or central italy ( ruled by the pope ) . 
  northern italian languages are also more closely related to one another than to neapolitan or sicilian , with the exception of tuscan , which is in the same language group as the latter two . 
  i 'd like to point out that italy itself is a `` made-up '' country , which spoke many mutually indistinguishable languages not that long ago . 
  piedmontese and sicilian are as distantly related as french and catalan . 
  how is padania any less `` authentic '' than italy ? 
  yeah , because we have probably a negligible number of illegal irish immigrants , whereas there are millions of illegal immigrants from latin america . 
  i mean , seriously . 
  it did n't `` enter our sphere of influence . '', 
  it was directly ruled by the us as a colony for fifty years . 
  kipling wrote `` the white man 's burden '' about the american rule over the philippines . 
  i 'd be cool with that , but i do n't think the majority of americans would be . 
  ( take new england back !, 
  we 're basically new zealand without the self-righteous hatred of nuclear things . ), 
  i 'm fine with that . 
  this would give us a large pool of * legal immigrants * to accept , and would reinforce the need to restrict illegal immigration . 
  the real problem is n't immigration per se , it 's the illegal aspect that fires people up because nobody likes giving freebies to people who broke the law ( especially people who broke the law specifically to get those freebies ) . 
  you joke , but ... 
  yeah probably . 
  i 'm a raging anglophile , while most americans merely like the uk . 
  the uk 's pretty consistently our favorite country other than canada , though . 
  an attempt to join the commonwealth would provoke all the `` hurr durr we did n't throw off the british yoke just to rejoin it later '' idiots , though . 
  i wish we would , but i feel like british people would make a stink and feel like we were trying to take over the commonwealth . 
  anglobros for life !, 
  it 'd be so nice if it were easier for americans to move to anglo countries the way it is for commonwealth members . 
  well , defending your allies is hardly * not * defense , is it ? 
  if you 're pacifists , then you should n't be in a military alliance . 
  if you 're a part of a military alliance , your allies will expect your help . 
  if you are n't prepared to put in the money and effort to help , then you should be honest and get the fuck out if our alliance . 
  i mean , i guess that 's plausible . 
  but also , she would be elizabeth i , queen of scotland . 
  there has n't been an elizabeth i of scotland already . 
  the thing that bothers me most about these headlines is that elizabeth ii is not , in fact , queen of scotland . 
  there is no kingdom of scotland : that was dissolved in the act of union . 
  she could n't be the last queen of scotland because she is n't the queen of scotland at all . 
  the latest polls suggest a tiny majority within the margin of error would vote for independence , while a number almost as large would vote against it . 
  hardly a resounding mandate , there . 
  so the plan is to dump a 300-year-old union for 30 years of gas revenues ? 
  why do you think pakistan , india and israel wanted and now possess nuclear weapons ? 
  because they thought they sounded cool ? 
  nobody * wants * to nuke cities , but you 'd make an awful general if you ca n't see that , under specific circumstances , it would be the rational course of action . 
  ted cruz , jeb bush , and rick perry are not going to be gop nominees for president . 
  scott walker is a more likely choice . 
  how are noncompetitive procurement and contracting not `` literal corruption ? '', 
  or it would just make the scots have to fight to be recognized as `` british . '', 
  you would make an awful general ( or leader in general ) if you are n't able to make a decision with some degree of risk . 
  i 've seen plenty of commenters saying things to the effect of `` awesome , boot the tories out . '', 
  it 's not everyone on the yes side by any means , but there 's definitely a vocal minority saying that . 
  that 's a perfectly rational strategy . 
  russian leaders do not believe that americans , brits , or frenchmen will open themselves to strategic nuking by nuking russia in retaliation for the nuking of warsaw or bucharest . 
  this doctrine is based on the assumption that the nuclear powers in nato really do n't consider an attack on the eastern nato states to really be the same as an attack on them . 
  now , you might disagree with the russian leadership on the truth of this belief that the us , the uk , and france would not retaliate with a nuclear strike , but having a rational strategy based on a flawed assumption and being insane are two totally different things . 
  this just in : socialist-style economies are uncompetitive in capitalist-run economies . 
  it was obvious that without state subsidies , the ostie economy was going nowhere , so in order to prevent being dragged into a subsidy quagmire , the german government did what any rational government would do , and suffered some temporary pain for a long-term growth plan . 
  allow the uncompetitive companies to fail , and competitive ones will take their place with the labor and capital of the old . 
  no , but every anglo country basically falls into a `` one big liberal party and one big conservative party and maybe some other smaller ones maybe '' system .
