  but , on the other hand , i have a pretty nice quality of life and i understand perfectly why my ancestors dumped their countries and moved here . 
  things like `` multiple weeks of paid vacation '' are not * legally * mandated in the us , but a lot of us get that stuff anyway . 
   in more recent years , the deal with kosovo for example , is emblematic of how the entire world continues to bully serbia . 
  never would that sort of thing ever happen to other countries without major outrage , where practically the entire world bands together to cut up a sovereign nation . 
  arguably , the world 's treatment of palestine is quite similar to the treatment of kosovo . 
  kosovo used to be majority-serb , now it is majority-albanian ; the west bank used to be majority-jewish , now it is majority-arab . 
  kosovo was seen as the heartland of serbia ; the west bank was the heartland of ancient jewish kingdoms ( the southern west bank is judea , whence `` jews '' ) . 
  if we 're talking about `` the world '' denying a country legal right to some region that it conquered and saw as an essential part of itself , serbia is not exactly alone in receiving that treatment . 
  i am american and i think azog is being ridiculous . 
  it 's perfectly possible to tell apart different ethnic groups by physical features . 
  even in america , people with a single predominant ethnic heritage can be identified as such . 
  my irish-as-a-galwegian friend looks * irish * in a way that distinguishes her from me or other mixed-heritage people . 
  likewise , people with only italian ( which in america , almost always means southern italian or sicilian ) heritage look like southern italians . 
  some types of europeans are pretty hard for me to tell apart ( czechs and poles , for instance ; they all look `` west slavic '' to me ) , but telling a scandinavian from a serbo-croat from a frenchman are all pretty obvious distinctions . 
   what ? 
  the chechen wars and the insurgency in the north caucasus have claimed tens of thousands of lives . 
   bush/cheney/rumsfeld knew they were n't sending enough troops . 
  military brass spoke about 500.000 , they sent 150.000 - who rushed to baghdad so bush could get re-elected . 
  again , this seems more like political grandstanding and military incompetence , which is different from malice . 
   and do n't forget about the first two gulf wars . 
  what about the first two gulf wars ? 
  the iran-iraq war killed far more people than * our * gulf wars . 
   also , afghanistan , yemen , pakistan , sudan , somalia , etc. 
  afghanistan aside , none of these places has been invaded and warred against by the us in the last decade . 
  the number of deaths attributable to the us in those places is quite small . 
  israeli/cypriot natural gas will become available in a few years . 
  neither of those countries is a repressive oligarchy or a dictatorship . 
  russia has managed to successfully kill tens of thousands in its own country , so it 's not like some saintly martyr just innocently bumbling along . 
  also , i 'd like to point out that the vast majority of violence in the iraq war were due to the iraqi civil war that was unleashed when america created a power vacuum in iraq . 
  there is , at least to me , an obvious difference between america foolishly pulling the lid off of a boiling pot and being unable to contain the resulting sectarian violence and russia deliberately inflicting heavy civilian casualties because they did n't care to be careful about civilians and hurting the civilian populace helped their campaign anyway . 
  to be fair , there 's a lot more italian-americans than french-americans or spanish-americans ( if you count latin american-americans differently from peninsular spanish-americans , which you should ) . 
  medicare/ss are meant to be supplements to the retirement money that people have saved individually . 
  they are not meant to support people entirely , except for the very poor who could not have saved any money . 
  that 's why they look less generous . 
  i 'm american and i had horg 's exact response to this post . 
  i do n't know why anyone * would n't * answer the door . 
  what if it 's my grandmother ? 
  what if it 's a friend ? 
  what if it 's my neighbor who needs help ? 
  louis is pronounced `` looey '' in america too , but lewis is the corresponding english name . 
  i 'm reading a book written by an englishman in the 1840s , and he refers to the sun king as `` lewis the fourteenth , '' so at some point the royal name louis was translated as lewis in english . 
  in english at least , translation of royal names is pretty haphazard . 
  the late louis 's of france are pronounced `` looey , '' * not * like the english `` lewis , '' but the late henris of france are called `` henry . '', 
  also , more modern monarchs are usually referred to in their local language . 
  the kaisers of germany , etc. , are `` wilhelm '' and `` friedrich wilhelm , '' not `` william '' and `` frederick william . '', 
  okay , now i get what you 're saying . 
  in my family we ask , `` you preparing for a flood ? '', 
  if we see that someone 's pants are n't long enough , but i 've never heard anyone outside the family say it , so it might be an idiosyncrasy of my family and not a general idiom . 
  and we also fly flags at half mast here if someone died , so i got that reference . 
  i just thought `` your trousers are short '' might also have been an idiom i was n't understanding . 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  i do n't know how widespread it is , but at least in my part of america , we use `` bumfuck '' as the idiomatic name of a town in the middle of nowhere :  `` my cousin went off to college in bumfuck iowa and she 's now she 's all weird and wants to be a farmer . 
  :  `` this is n't bumfuck state university , i do n't know how these idiots got in here . '', 
   `` sorry we 're late , we got lost in the middle of bumfuck nowhere and it took aaa hours to come get us . '', 
   literal translation : is the cat dead ? 
   meaning : your trousers are short ( i.e. 
  `` flying at half mast '' ) i 'm a native english speaker and i 'm lost on your translation . 
  is this referring to the fly of your pants being down or to having half an erection , because i 've heard `` flying at half mast '' used for both . 
  those things are only required if you own something , though . 
  health insurance is now required merely for being alive . 
  the uk did this for a while too , actually . 
  i 'm reading thomas babington macaulay 's * the history of england from the accession of james the second * and he has a good two-page long moan about the stupidity of english parliaments from the late 1600s to the mid-1800s when he lived , and how every generation the parliament goes into crisis about whether or not to take out more loans because `` if we take on 8/50/100 / 500 million pounds , we 'll be bankrupted '' and every generation they end up taking on the debt , and every generation has more money than the last . 
   remember that one time when people were angry about immigrants/minorities and other nations at the same time ? 
  i do n't . 
  do you ? 
  getting mad at certain immigrants/ethnic groups in your country is completely different from getting mad at other nations . 
  is that a joke ? 
  in interwar germany , foreign countries were bitterly resented for the treaty of trianon and jews were blamed for germany having lost the war . 
  interwar hungary was also virulently antisemitic while also bitterly resenting other countries for imposing on it the treaty of trianon . 
  it is quite common for dislike of domestic minorities to be coupled with dislike of foreigners generally . 
  in fact , dislike of domestic minorities can be described as xenophobia ( dislike of foreigners ) because oftentimes the domestic minorities are disliked precisely * because * they are perceived as coming from elsewhere . 
  you 're misattributing the causality in my comment . 
  you are not automatically an antisemite because you oppose circumcision . 
  but many antisemites use the topic of circumcision to lay scorn upon the jewish people while pretending to care about the human rights of infants . 
  when europeans use language like in the most updated comment ( `` vampiric pedophiles '' ) and are applauded for it , it seems more like they 're exulting in the misery of their now-persecuted jewish brethren than celebrating a victory for human rights . 
  real defenders of human rights in europe should be aware of the history of antisemitism in europe and try to reach out to jews to make them understand their motivation in trying to ban circumcision instead of simply ridiculing them as barbaric . 
  that 's nonsense . 
  the turkish-kurdish conflict , the iran-iraq war , and the syrian and iraqi civil wars , which caused a few times as many deaths as the entire israeli-palestinian conflict , had nothing to do with israel . 
  the majority of deaths in the lebanese civil war were , too , caused by arab on arab violence , and not by israel . 
   in any case , it does n't look like the subscribers of / r/europe [ 1 ] think that i 'm the asshole . 
  that 's because many of the subscribers of / r/europe are , like many europeans , either closet or open antisemites , just like most europeans have been for ages . 
   israel actually does the same things nowadays as nazi germany did . 
  i find it ironic as hell . 
  uh , no it does n't . 
  i would say i ca n't believe that you 're being upvoted , but naturally such nonsense would be upvoted here . 
  nazi germany executed a systematic plan of mass murder that killed 90 % of european jewry . 
  the israelis have no systematic plan of mass murder , and the number of palestinians has never gone down by a statistically significant figure . 
  to suggest that making palestinians ' lives inconvenient is `` the same things '' that nazi germany did is so grossly offensive to all the victims of nazi germany -- jews , poles , gypsies , cripples , gays , soviet pows -- that you should be ashamed of yourself . 
  you know , you 'd come off as much less of an asshole if you stopped calling them `` primitive tribal customs . '', 
   there is one very important aspect that you so conveniently forget : consent . 
  a newborn child can not choose . 
  if he figures out later in life that he \u00b4 d like his foreskin back , he is shit out of luck . 
  on the contrary , if he figures out later that he want to get circumcised , he is free to do that . 
  a child is under the protection of his parents or legal guardian until he reaches majority . 
  parents have broad-reaching powers to make all kinds of decisions that will affect the child for the rest of his life . 
  this debate is about whether parental rights and religious rights are trumped by individual rights . 
  that 's up to your people to decide . 
  but if you decide against the parents and the religious , do n't be surprised when the religious parents are angry , and do n't pretend you did nothing to anger them . 
  because they 're pissed off and nobody really likes foreigners all that much ? 
  i 'm saying * if * the population were sufficiently angered to turn xenophobia into attacks on foreigners , there 's really nothing that echr could do about it .
