  there 's about as much distinctly `` american '' history as there is `` british '' history rather than `` english '' or `` scottish '' history , since settlement in the americas did not start that long after the union of the crowns . 
  but yeah , despite the tendency of brits to think of us as whippersnappers , we 're bros. 
  finnish , estonian , and hungarian are all on the map and they are not indo-european either . 
  i 'm not sure why basque and maltese are n't on the map . 
  ouch . 
  thank you for the geology lesson !, 
  honestly , i know nothing about the matter : i was just passing on a related note about america . 
  oh , stop , you 're making me blush . 
  ( i 'm a pretty intense anglophile , myself . 
  us+uk , bffls ), 
  one can always bet on the british failing to bet on us !, 
  of course , there 's about a 1/3 chance that any given american has british ancestry , so you 're not setting that bar terribly high . 
  i mean , i 've got british ancestry , but no czechs , and my lithuanian grandfather would literally bristle with the idea that we 're polish . 
  iirc , the most productive farmland in the us is underneath [ the ancient coastline ] ( http://deepseanews.com/2012/06/how-presidential-elections-are-impacted-by-a-100-million-year-old-coastline/ ) of north america . 
   i just did n't expect people on reddit ( often young , male , often in higher-education ) to be announcing their support for populist-right parties like ukip , sd , or fn and then getting upvoted . 
  young educated men , especially underemployed ones who grew up in middle-class homes , is a demographic group that is usually highly susceptible to extremism . 
  generally speaking , these men grew up in environments that placed high expectations on them -- they have to get good jobs , they have to have a family and provide for it , they have to take care of their parents -- and when they think they can not live up to those expectations , they turn to some other `` higher cause '' to become involved in . 
  this could be religious or political , or both . 
  in the middle east , the failure of arab countries to provide appropriate opportunities for their large cohorts of college grads has resulted in the swelling of the ranks of the muslim brotherhood and al-qaeda-type organizations . 
  in europe , the same group turns to the front national , or the ukip , or whatever the local equivalent is , to feel like they 're part of a bigger cause . 
  they ca n't live up to the expectations of their immediate family , so they find another , larger `` family '' to become part of , one that has lower expectations of them . 
  as a conservative american , all of my options were czechs and brits with a couple of poles . 
  what does that say about those countries ? 
   the country has many minority groups and two of which have their linguistic rights protected under eu law : the danish in schleswig-holstein and the sorbians in saxony and brandenburg . 
  there are of course many others like the turks who came to west germany and form about 3-4 million of germany 's population , and the vietnamese who came to east germany to escape the us lead war in their country . 
  oh , the danes who make up less than 1 % of the german population , and the sorbs who have the same numbers ? 
  terribly important minorities , there !, 
  ethnic germans make up 80 % of germany 's population . 
  it 's not as homogeneous as poland , but do n't let 's pretend that germany has any seriously important minorities other than the turks . 
  and the turks are just that : they are turks . 
  they are not turkish-germans , or germano-turks , to any significant number of germans . 
  they are , and will remain , * turks * , not * germans * . 
  having a handful of tiny , unimportant minorities does n't mean that germany is not a broadly homogeneous country . 
   i 'm not going to comment much on how you 've tried to negatively frame germany 's mixed market `` as throwing money around '' . 
  i 'm just going to say that to be a land of opportunity more than a 1000 people need to have wealth . 
  i do n't know what you think happens in america , but unless your definition of `` wealth '' is wildly extravagant , far , far more than 1000 people have `` wealth '' here . 
  an atheist who agrees with the political statements being made at the church . 
  but , more importantly , so will an atheist with serious political ambitions who knows that he will never be elected president without a history of going to church . 
  that could be as much a political statement as a religious one . 
  `` black power '' is a political , not a religious , ideology . 
  the fact that he sat in that church for years says very little about his religious disposition . 
  then they should be bragging about the money they throw at their poor , in true bismarckian fashion , rather than about their cute attempts at diversity in a country that has been divested of minorities by war . 
  sarkozy 's heels are almost as big as the woman 's kneeling in front of him !, 
  worth pointing out that a plurality of americans have british ancestry , our governmental system was set by brits , and our elites have been anglophile ( if not actually straight-up brits ) for as long as the country has existed . 
  buried halfway into the article is this very important bit of editorializing :  the willingness of the agency to provide the british with intelligence on the irgun and the stern gang reveals the extent to which those groups ' activities were not supported by the majority of the jewish population in palestine -- and this , it should be noted , has no parallel in contemporary arab and islamist terrorism . 
  apropos of nothing , it 's confusing to me that the convention in english is to shorten irgun tzva'i leumi to `` irgun , '' instead of its hebrew acronym `` etzel , '' and to shorten lochamei herut yisrael to its hebrew acronym `` lehi , '' instead of an english acronym or something else . 
  actually , it was pretty popular in the 19th century , too . 
  of course we have a lot of christian politicians elected , because we have * a lot of christians * . 
  unlike in europe , where governments were closely aligned with a single church ( the church of england , the catholic church , the orthodox church , etc. 
  ) , the us government was never perceived as being attached to any particular church . 
  therefore , anticlericalism never made it into the mainstream as a way to protest against the government ( as it did in spain , where catholics were massacred by `` liberals '' during the civil war because of the catholic church 's ties to the nationalists ) . 
  consequently , we do n't find religiosity to be a measure of support for or against any given government or political party . 
  there are just as many self-righteous `` social justice '' religious folks who vote democrat as there are self-righteous religious folks who vote republican . 
  it does n't even make sense to attribute most of the bad parts of american policy to christianity , because by and large , our elites do n't care nearly as much about religion as the hoi polloi do . 
  our government continues to work closely with saudi arabia ( a place where you can not be openly christian ) , and continues to do nothing to help the syrian or iraqi christians who are most vulnerable to the civil wars in those countries . 
  egyptian , pakistani and palestinian christians are getting persecuted and our government keeps mum about them , too . 
  those are things that our christian populations care about that our government does * nothing * to address . 
  to suggest that a `` 2000 year old book '' ( which is an incredibly condescending way to refer to the basis of two billion people 's belief system ) holds sway over our government is to ignore everything our government actually does . 
  when our government is violent , it is not because of christianity . 
  it is acting based on realpolitik , on maintaining the balance of power that we 've created over decades . 
  sorry for acting like * every other country * and defending our interests . 
   iraq war - against brown people with a different religion/belief system . 
  we did n't go to war with iraq just because they 're `` brown people with a different religion/belief system . '', 
  some of our closest ( and , admittedly , most repellent ) allies are `` brown people with a different religion/belief system '' who are , by the way , really oppressive of christians . 
  if we were going to go on a crusade , good sir , it would be against our partners in peace , saudi arabia . 
   terrorism - this one is pretty easy and i think you got the gist of it . 
  your argument is still lazy and facile . 
  we happen to be fighting muslims , therefore we are doing it * because * they are muslims ? 
  good grief , a third-grader could demonstrate that that is not acceptable proof . 
  and , again , they started it , and on their end it * is * a religious war . 
  i do n't know how you could possibly lay the blame for their deaths on * our * religious extremists , when everyone in america is being targeted . 
   the war on drugs is mostly a moral one , much like american resistance to abortions and stem cell research etc. 
  to me as a northern european it has its roots in christian moral values ( which we also share , luckily for us the use of violence and guns is seen as barbaric here mostly ) . 
  oh , you see the use of violence as barbaric ? 
  how very cultured of you . 
  i 'm sure your moral superiority feels just delicious . 
  i would like to point out that to get to that point , you had to drag the entire world through the bloodiest conflict ever fought , kill off or expel all your minorities , and be forced into peace by two huge superpowers for several decades . 
  but please , explain to me again how europe , stainless , pure europe , who has never committed a crime in her life , feels about my country * banning some drugs * . 
  ugh , how do you even breathe with all the smug in the air over there ? 
  edit : my reasonings are n't `` bantering '' ones . 
  i am being serious , because i honestly resent this particularly european brand of self-righteous criticism of americans . 
  we * are * more religious than you , and you keep trying to make it seem like a bad thing , as if we 're a bunch of barbarian cave people who just are n't as enlightened as you . 
  are you this condescending to everyone , or is it only americans ( and israelis ) ? 
  okay , let 's break this down : * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iraq_war: the iraq war was not instigated as a religious conflict . 
  if you do n't believe the official explanation that we went to war because iraq was lying about having chemical weapons , the other explanation is not some sort of crusade , but rather a personal vendetta of george bush against saddam hussein . 
  the majority of deaths in that conflict were not caused by the us ( and in no way by american religious extremists ) , but rather by iraqi religious militias . 
  we removed the iraqi terror state that had been suppressing sunni-shia religious infighting in iraq , and then all hell broke loose . 
  but you have to do some serious mental gymnastics to blame american religious extremists for the deaths in the iraq war . 
  * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_on_terror: this one is slightly more ambiguous , because our chief enemies are ( mostly sunni ) muslim religious extremists , and although for the most part americans do not perceive this as a conflict against all muslims , it has caused a slightly heightened level of hostility towards islam generally . 
  that said , there is also significant cultural pressure * against * the perception that we are fighting a war against islam . 
  i would also like to point out that , although we are fighting this particular conflict mostly outside of our own borders , we are essentially on the defensive . 
  this conflict was started by the ( mostly sunni ) muslim extremists we are now hunting down , when they started blowing up warships and then commercial office buildings . 
  * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_on_drugs: i 've heard this described as a racial war ( against blacks ) and a class war ( against the poor ) , but honestly , this is the first time i 've ever heard it attributed to religion . 
  while there is an element of religious moralism in some people 's desire to limit the legality of drugs , i do n't think it 's fair to attribute all the deaths of the drug wars to religious extremists . 
  saying that the brutal drug wars in mexico are the fault of american religious folk removes all agency from mexicans themselves , as well as from american drug * users * . 
  edit : also , i do n't know how you could possibly argue that this is an example of `` religious groups killing each other en masse . '', 
  which religions are fighting , here ? 
  well , that 's understandable , given the tendency of your religious groups to kill each other en masse and your minority religious groups to become violent extremists . 
  ours , dei gratia , do n't do those things . 
  our president never seemed terribly sincere about his faith , so he 's probably a closet atheist .
