  but more importantly : you think the eastern european countries would be the ones making the deals ? 
  i think the estonians , latvians , lithuanians , and poles would fight to the last man , woman , and child . 
  i believe it would be the french , the scandinavians , and * especially * the germans who would throw those whiny easterners under the bus to prevent the russians from crossing the oder . 
  the brits would probably maintain a polite fiction of not making a deal with russia longest , but would have an understanding with russia under the table . 
   i 'm not saying it was n't a huge diplomatic victory for russia , it was , but it was n't borne out of thin air as you suggest . 
  no , i think you 're wrong . 
  a lot of obama administration efforts had to be made to allow the russian proposal based on kerry 's `` misspeaking '' to come to fruition . 
  the obama administration had plenty of options , up to and including firing john kerry , but he took exactly zero steps to hinder the russians or to distance himself from kerry 's responses . 
  if obama had really wanted to avoid agreeing to the russian proposal , there were so many things he could have done but * chose * not to do . 
  the fact that russia proposed the chemical weapons arrangement was because kerry made one remark , but the fact that we agreed to it ( and are now footing the bill for it ) is all 100 % grade-c obama foreign policy . 
  kerry stupidly leaving an opening is irrelevant , because obama * could * have just said , `` oh , well , he misspoke , btw giving military arms to the rebels now . '', 
  no , the fact that obama went along with the russian plan was a `` face-saving '' maneuver to make it seem like the obama administration was doing something other than flailing wildly about syria . 
  it was a huge diplomatic victory for russia . 
   i know it 's intentional , i just disagree with it being a good thing . 
  now the senate can hold the overwhelming majority hostage , because you can get a majority in the senate by having , what , 25 % of the popular vote ? 
  and again i point out that we already have one house that deals in proportional representation . 
  the bicameral system is intended to ensure that only legislation that is broadly acceptable to both a majority of the public and a majority of the states is passed . 
  frankly , if your idea could n't get an extra dozen senators on board , you 're probably not going to be able to convince a few dozen million americans that your idea is any good , either . 
  if you 're shoving through legislation that large proportions of the population do n't like , then you 'll have a lot of social upheaval . 
  our founders , being typically english , did n't like the idea of social upheaval , and designed the constitution to ensure the broadest possible consensus before making something law , without degenerating to the polish madness of * nihil novi * . 
  when was the last time ny voted republican ( ' 84 ) ? 
  texas democrat ( 76 ) , california republican ( 88 ) , pennsylvania republican ( 88 ) ... 
  these are ~ 150 electors that have n't been in play for at least 25 ( 28 at the next elections ) years , that 's ~ 1/4 of them . 
  and i really doubt this is going to change in the future , because politics in the us are quite polarised nowadays . 
  25 years is not that long of a time in a system that 's lasted for more than two centuries . 
   people will still use ringed but it will always be considered wrong and adds to the list of slang that you have to vet you formal work for . 
  will it , though ? 
  `` dove '' ( as a past tense of `` dive '' ) is a recent innovation , but it is used in formal writing all the time , and does n't set off any `` informal '' alarm bells in most english speakers ' heads . 
  i apologize for being unclear . 
  i was not talking about any * deliberate * attempt to `` simplify '' english or make it `` more complicated . '', 
  languages constantly change without anyone * intending * to change the language . 
  for example , some people might say `` ringed '' instead of `` rang '' for the past tense of `` ring . '', 
  that turns an irregular past form ( rang ) into a regular past form ( ringed ) . 
  so , the language gets simpler , yes ? 
  but at the same time , other people think that dive works like drive , so they use dove as the past tense of dive , instead of dived . 
  that turns a regular past form ( dived ) into an irregular past form ( dove ) . 
  thousands of changes like this are happening in every part of the anglosphere at this exact second . 
  do you see what i 'm getting at ? 
  also , webster 's influence was , to my knowledge , basically limited to spelling , which is not part of the language per se . 
  webster tried what ? 
  i am a native english speaker , and either `` bigger than either '' or `` bigger than both '' would be grammatical there . 
  for another example : `` the new world trade center is taller than both the eiffel tower and the sears tower . '', 
  i would not interpret that to mean that the wtc is taller than the two others put together , but it is taller than either of them individually . 
  i speak a new england dialect of english , and while '' ... also on weekends '' does ring a little awkward in the ear , it 's not ungrammatical . 
  just uncommon . 
  english , like all languages in constantly in flux . 
  some aspects are simplified ( that is , made to conform with an expected pattern ) and others are made more `` complicated '' by changing them from the expected pattern . 
   1 ) senate : dakotas have 4 representatives , same as california and texas . 
  1.5 m people vs 54m . 
  i think that 's stupid , and you ca n't say `` but the house !? 
  '' , since they vote separately . 
  yes , low population states should not be disenfranchised , but this is a bit too much . 
  but ... the house . 
  you 're not making a coherent counterpoint , so i have nothing to respond to . 
  how is it `` a bit too much ? '', 
  we have a bicameral legislature that has proportional representation for states in the lower house and equal representation in the upper house so that each state has a voice in the lawmaking process . 
  it was an intentional design choice by the framers so that small states would not be helpless to exploitation by larger , more populous states , as they would in a wholly proportional parliament . 
   2 ) presidential race : due to the winner takes all way in which electors are distributed ( except in 2 states ) , the overwhelming majority of the population does n't have any say in the elections , just the swing states . 
  of course they have a say . 
  `` reliably democratic '' or `` reliably republican '' states * generally * vote for the predictable party , but not always . 
  swing states are the most important , but if predictable support collapses because of an unexciting ( or outright bad ) candidate , then states can flip . 
  many if not most states have strong opposition parties , especially in national elections . 
  for example , massachusetts might be a `` reliable blue state , '' but we 've had a few republican governors and senators in recent history , and if the democratic candidate is a lame duck , the republicans stand a good chance to win . 
  there are a lot of poles and lithuanians around worcester , ma , too . 
  my dad 's dad is a worcester lithuanian . 
  eh , you were pretty close . 
  fair enough , but is n't that why we have the senate ? 
  to ensure that every state has a say in the law-making process . 
  even if the house and the president were elected basically on the whims of swing states , every state still has equal stake in the senate . 
  the people of ny have many times as many representatives in the house of representatives . 
  we do n't have a unicameral parliament . 
  the more populous regions get proportional representation in the house , and every state is equal in the senate . 
  it 's not like we 've disenfranchised the new yorkers and californians for a handful of south dakotans . 
  well , while i wish everyone could agree with me about everything , i respect people 's right to disagree , and to voice their disagreement with me in the form of a vote for people who also disagree with me . 
  that 's called `` living in a democracy . '', 
  hawaii , rhode island , and delaware vote republican ? 
  news to me . 
   that might work for a multi-state organization like the un or eu , but the usa is definitely not comparable to anything like that . 
  back in the pre-civil war days , sure , we were a confederation of independent states ( somewhat ) . 
  but nowadays , nobody says `` the united states are doing something , '' we say `` the united states is doing something . '', 
  we 're one nation . 
  and policies enacted at the federal level like welfare spending and countless other federal programs have made the federal government in control of far more than a confederation of republics would normally be . 
  the arrogation of power in the us to the federal government was not the result of a deliberate , considered decision by the public , though . 
  it is the result of two centuries of struggle between the federal and the state governments , with the federal government winning more and more power over time . 
  there was no vote on whether to maintain a real federal system or to allow the union to become a unitary state in fact . 
   in the past and in the crafting of the constitution , the us was designed to be a grouping of sovereign states . 
  after the civil war , though , this was no longer the case in practice . 
  yet formally , our structure still weights votes depending on location based on a system that has n't been around in reality in 150 years . 
  my rebuttal is that although the federal government has power * de facto * like that of a unitary state , * de jure * much of the power in the us belongs to the states , and there is still a substantial proportion of the us who maintain the idea that the government should be operating on the basis of the constitution as written , and that the overwhelming power the federal government currently has is an aberration of what the federal government * ought * to be doing . 
  you may think it 's silly to adhere to a system that `` has n't been around in reality in 150 years , '' but i think it 's equally silly ( if not dangerous ) to just throw away or cherry-pick the constitutional basis of our government just because the federal government has * de facto * overreached and gained near-complete control over the republic , when the constitutional allocations of powers to the federal government were intended precisely to * limit * the power of the federal government . 
  just a tip : `` francophonie '' is an inter-governmental organization for french-speaking countries . 
  a person who speaks french is a `` francophone . '', 
   sure it probably made more sense then . 
  nowadays state rights lead to absurd situations where e.g. 
  gay marriage is legal in one state and illegal in another . 
  is that absurd if gay marriage is illegal in state x because most people in state x do n't want it to be legal , but it is legal in state y because most people in state y do want it to be legal ? 
   that does n't mean their vote should count several times more than city dwellers . 
  for example , one wyoming voter has roughly the same voting power as four new yorkers [ 1 ] . 
  i get that rural areas should be listened to , but is n't the current way of doing it a little crude ? 
  are n't we supposed to be a democracy , where everyone 's vote has equal weight ?
