  it 's not hard to convince a liquor salesman that selling alcohol to kids is bad because alcohol is a poison ; it will be substantially more difficult to convince a minister to refuse to admit children to his flock . 
  and how popular do you think the government will be that throws the entire clergy in prison ? 
   consider a strict religious upbringing to be child abuse and enforce it the same way other laws against child abuse are enforced . 
  how would this be prosecuted ? 
  what constitutes a `` strict '' religious upbringing , legally speaking ? 
  is a little religion okay ? 
  can you give your kids christmas presents ? 
  what about christmas carols ? 
  will `` silent night '' be okay , but `` o little town of bethlehem '' be child abuse ? 
  can you teach your son to say `` gesundheit '' after someone sneezes but not `` god bless you ? '', 
  if you make a vegetarian meal for your family on good friday because you do n't eat meat on the anniversary of christ 's death , are you a child abuser ? 
  how about the lord 's prayer ? 
  frankly , there is no way that a law forbidding parents to bring their children up in a specific religion could be enforced without oppression of the like seen only in nazi germany or soviet russia , to say nothing of the fact that such a law should never even be proposed , because it is from the base a tyrannical and fundamentally unjust idea . 
  good . 
  it 's a stupid , tyrannous idea that crushes personal freedom and subjugates the will of the people to the will of the state , which is precisely the * opposite * of what it should be . 
   rewrite constitutions and impose a no religion anywhere in society and no practicing it until proper coming of age . 
  in all seriousness , have you really considered the consequences of such a policy ? 
  say the government outlaws minors from practicing religion . 
  what is the punishment if you are caught ? 
  if you are a minor , are your parents fined or imprisoned ? 
  what if the child starts practicing religious rites against their parents ' wishes ? 
  how would the state even know if you 're practicing ? 
  the state does n't have an agent in every church : is the expectation that people will report their neighbors to the government to be punished for bringing their children to church ? 
  if people are being punished for bringing their kids to church , people will just gather ( at least their kids ) in private homes to worship . 
  then they 're not `` in public , '' but kids are being `` indoctrinated '' anyway . 
  will the government raid private homes and drag kids out of privately-held church services ? 
  do you expect people who truly believe that their religion is the way to eternal salvation to exclude their own children from that salvation ? 
  so , honestly , what do you imagine enforcement for this policy will look like ? 
   if my father breaks something of mine then i still ca n't just decide that i will now demand 5000 euros for it . 
  or 2000 for that matter . 
  i would have to talk to him to find a viable solution . 
   i ca n't just decide for myself what i think would be an accurate compensation and then take the money from him by force . 
  if he is unwilling to talk to me then i get outside help . 
  and then at some point if outside help agrees there 's no other way you can take it by force . 
  the thing is : which of israel 's partners thinks it 's okay that israel build more and more settlements ? 
  the father analogy as a whole does n't work . 
  i was just trying to run with what you gave me . 
  i do n't know why anyone outside of israel and the palestinians actually matters , though . 
  in all seriousness , answer me : why should the israelis or the palestinians even care what germans or britons or iraqis think ? 
  none of those people are in danger ; none of those people have anything to gain or lose from the conflict . 
  they are , from the perspectives of the involved parties , simply meddling foreigners , to be used when convenient and ignored when not . 
   that 's a pretty ignorant thing to say as a tiny redditor who apparently does n't know much about diplomacy of europe 's most important country . 
  even the united states wants israel to stop building settlements though . 
  are they biased or have no idea too ? 
  i was n't talking about the german government . 
  i was talking about * germans * . 
  the average german does n't know anything about israel besides the fact that it 's full of jews and his country killed a bunch of jews and people have been making him and his father and his grandfather feel bad about it for 70 years . 
  the average german knows nothing about deir yassin or gush etzion , or bashir gemayel or samir kuntar , or gilo or sheikh jarrah . 
  ultimately the german government has to follow the basic will of its people , and germans do n't really care . 
  they do n't care enough about the palestinians to oppose their government supporting israel to a certain extent , but they do n't care enough about israelis to encourage their government to support it more . 
  i think the german government supports israel enough to placate the people who would accuse it of adjuring its responsibility to the jewish people for the shoah ; but they do n't feel any affection for israel and agree with the rest of european polite society that israel is abhorrent and rogue and needs to be stopped . 
  consequently , they give israel some support but make reasonable-sounding ( to people unfamiliar with the conflict ) claims that israel would never agree to , meaning that they can simultaneously tell different constituents that they are both supporting israel ( and therefore ridding germany of the moral stain of the shoah ) * and * being fair in the israeli-palestinian conflict . 
  most americans do n't know shit about israel either . 
  but instead of being vaguely bitter about holocaust guilt , like germans , they 're vaguely supportive of israel because we think of it as a plucky country that likes us in a whole neighborhood full of people who hate us as much as they hate the israelis . 
  as for the government , i 'm sure they do n't care much either way . 
  they put on a show of caring , but let 's be honest : the palestinians have nothing to offer us , strategically speaking . 
  they have neither resources nor manpower nor popular support for our policies . 
  israel is perceived as our representative and therefore it makes us look bad when people think negatively of israel , but what israel 's actually doing does n't affect us either way . 
  it 's the negative * perception * of us that 's the problem , not the settlements themselves . 
  what 's the lesson here ? 
  `` do n't ever immigrate to somewhere where other people live ? '', 
  `` do n't keep any attachment to your ancestral homeland ? '', 
  `` do n't fight for what you think belongs to you ? '', 
  this is a serious question . 
  what do you think people should learn from this situation ? 
  what is the lesson ? 
   i 'll stop with the discussion here , i hope you do n't mind . 
  normally i like a little arguing , but as a student middle east studies i 've grown a bit tired of the never ending israel vs palestine debate that constantly shows up . 
  as another student of middle east politics , i agree . 
  it was a good talk . 
  thanks . 
   by your logic any country can just demand what it wants and then negotiating and reducing those demands would be concessions . 
  great !, 
   i 'll phone my father tomorrow and tell him i demand 500 euros . 
  then i 'll talk to him for a few minutes and in the end i 'm going to insist on 200 euros . 
  what a concession i have made !, 
  no , that 's not the same at all . 
  that 's what the palestinians are doing . 
  they make a claim like `` israel must withdraw from the area given to the arab state in 1947 '' and then say , `` well , no , we 'll accept just the 1967 borders '' as if that 's a real concession . 
  it 's not . 
  the palestinians have no way of securing either outcome , so changing one ludicrous claim to a slightly less ludicrous claim is n't a concession . 
  they are n't giving up anything . 
  on the other hand , israel is actually making a concession . 
  the comparison here would be this : you and your dad agree that your dad will give you 500 euros . 
  you get drunk and break your dad 's car , so he tells you he 'll give you 200 euros instead . 
  he 's not doing what he would do , but he 's still giving you * something * , something that he does n't * have * to give you . 
  do you get what i 'm saying here ? 
   israel does n't have a formal right to expand their territory at will on occupied land . 
  the only situation where this might be forgiven is when certain areas are crucial to defence or life . 
  the problem with that however is that such reasoning can easily be misused . 
  nobody has ever the `` formal right '' to expand their territory at will , and yet , most people on earth have tried to do so . 
  and when they give up land , it 's a concession . 
  they are * conceding * something that they have taken , regardless of how they got it . 
   germany , very pro-israel and for years lenient towards them . 
  one of those countries that vote pro-israel in the eu and the un . 
  do you think germany would ask to stop building new settlements if it were such an impossible demand ? 
  merkel really is n't known for being a harsh critic of israel . 
  yes , i think that germany * would * ask israel to stop building new settlements despite it being an impossible demand . 
  i think that germans do n't understand or appreciate or really care what israel can or will do . 
  they have no idea what 's going on between israel and the palestinians and they have no willingness to investigate further .
