  it should be said , however , that jews were being rounded up with the help of local collaborators . 
  said collaborators were also involved in establishing concentration camps all around estonia . 
  i do not think it is possible to whitewash that past , or lessen the significance . 
  i said in my post that there were plenty of collaborators in the baltic states . 
  but the estonian ss brigade was not ( to my admittedly limited knowledge ) involved in the nazi mass murder in the baltics . 
  it was an army unit sent to fight against the soviets . 
   i also find the notion of `` forced conscription '' to be questionable : you do n't arm a large group of people ( adds up to a couple hundred thousand across estonia and the baltics ) and fully outfit them to be a combative force , unless you 're fairly certain they wo n't use those same guns against you , especially if you 're lacking in manpower to address a possible upheaval . 
  it is therefore that i do not consider those people `` freedom fighters '' , strictly speaking . 
  as i stated in my post , the nazis did not arm the baltic population until late in the war , displaying precisely the reluctance you describe . 
  for one thing , the germans believed that the balts were racially inferior , while the estonians were suitably aryan-like , so lithuanians and latvians were not trusted with arms until the germans had suffered such great losses on the eastern front that they could no longer afford to ignore the manpower reserves of the baltic states . 
  the germans did not trust completely that the baltic populations would not use their arms and training against germany , but they did not believe that they had any other option . 
   the french resistance were quite uncompromising , for instance . 
  the finns genuinely fought for their freedom . 
  you do n't see them hold yearly gatherings where any sort of nazi-related symbolism is being flaunted like it 's cool , however . 
  the french resistance was large , but it was always a minority of the population . 
  both the french government and the french population at large was willing to acquiesce to german demands so long as they need not suffer more war . 
  and again , the french and the finns had only one enemy to fight . 
  nobody in france had to choose between the fascist or the communist flavor of mass murder or forced labor . 
  it 's simply not that clear-cut . 
  i think you 're much too willing to make this a black-and-white issue . 
  we have to judge historical personalities by their historical context . 
  the baltic states were pressed between aggressive states from two sides . 
  both sides were terrible and committed mass murder and mass deportation . 
  both sides refused to countenance independent baltic states . 
  what would you have done ? 
  i think that in this particular instance it would have been better for a less important government official to recognize the group , because of the connection between the waffen-ss in general and nazi crimes against humanity , but i would not judge the baltics too seriously for their position . 
   the waffen ss were , however , a vicious branch of the german military , tasked with , among all else , mass executions of the jewish populace . 
  the mass murder of the baltic jews was perpetrated primarily by the german-staffed * einsatzgruppen * . 
  in all three countries , the germans encouraged a smaller-scale pogrom against jews by native paramilitary groups in the days following the invasion in june 1941 , then claimed that the jews needed protection and herded the jews into ghettos . 
  almost immediately thereafter , the * einsatzgruppen * began mass killings themselves . 
  in addition to the * einsatzgruppen * , the germans subordinated baltic paramilitary groups ( like the [ arajs kommando ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arajs_kommando ) or the [ lithuanian security police ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_security_police ) ) into the ss to help with the killing . 
  the foreign `` volunteer '' groupings in the waffen-ss were not directly involved . 
  what 's more , the native balts and estonians were not even conscripted into the waffen-ss until late 1942 or 1943 . 
  the bulk of the killing was done in the latter half of 1941 and 1942 . 
  the waffen-ss groupings to which these balts/estonians were conscripted were used as part of the wehrmacht to fight the soviet union 's counteroffensive . 
  the germans saw the baltic states as an area for colonization and refused to arm large numbers of natives until the need for manpower was so great that they reconsidered . 
  ( source : [ * between giants : the battle for the baltics in world war ii * ] ( http://www.amazon.com/between-giants-battle-baltics-world/dp/1780961634 ) by prit buttar . ), 
  i have no love for nazis , and there were plenty of willing nazi collaborators in the baltic states , but let 's remember history in context . 
  first , the context of world war two : the baltics were stuck between aggressive , expansionist neighbors on both sides . 
  the germans had ( albeit cynically and only sort of ) assisted the baltic states in gaining independence from russia in the wake of the first world war , while the soviets had just re-annexed the baltic states , having installed puppet communist governments in sham `` elections '' that demanded they be annexed by the ussr . 
  there was no love lost for the russians/soviets . 
  and the context now is even more important : germany lost the war , and the baltics continued to be occupied by the soviets for fifty years . 
  after mass deportations and fifty years of persecution under the soviet intelligence apparatus and colonization by russians , resentment built in the baltics against the russians . 
  anybody who fought against the russians is celebrated , regardless of who he was fighting with . 
  scumbag europeans : demand that all immigrants to their countries assimilate to their culture ; act hostilely towards europeans who assimilated to american culture . 
  the us constantly patronizes israel . 
  every us president has made the israel-palestinian peace process a priority . 
  every interaction between the us and israel involves the us saying , `` why wo n't you just do what we think is necessary ? '', 
  the us may give a lot of aid to israel , but it comes at the cost of the us treating israel like a petulant child . 
  the us does not patronize turkey about its conflict with the kurds , despite that conflict having a higher death toll and larger regional consequences than the israeli-palestinian conflict . 
   there is not a snowball 's chance in hell that he gets a fair trial here . 
  he almost assuredly would not even have a public trial . 
  i believe that 's not true . 
  i still have faith in our country 's justice system . 
  and if you * do n't * believe that he would get a fair trial , why the hell are n't you protesting the fact that you think our justice system does n't work ? 
  is n't that a way bigger issue than some spying , if a fundamental aspect of what our government does just flat out does n't work ? 
   yes you can , and he should . 
  this is nothing more than jury nullification on an international scale : if someone in a position of power ( be it a nation or a juror ) believes that you may have broken a law but the law is overwhelmingly wrong or abhorrent , they can extend to you protection ( via a ` not-guilty ' vote or protection if it 's a country ) then as an american , he should have an american jury nullification . 
  i 'm an unemployed former student in new england . 
  high five for unemployment !, 
  turning yourself in is taking * responsibility * for your actions . 
  that 's what a * responsible * whistleblower would do . 
  i do n't want him to martyr himself , i want him to take responsibility and face the consequences of stealing state secrets . 
  you ca n't break the law and face no consequences , even if it 's a law you disagree with . 
  thanks ? 
  i certainly do n't think i 've got an astounding knowledge of history . 
  i 've just been reading a history of postcolonial africa ( [ which everyone should read ] ( http://www.amazon.com/books/dp/1610390717 ) ) and it 's really shocked me with how the systemic issues of colonialism affected postcolonial african states . 
  i 'm a dude . 
  iranian protestors who fled the country in 2009 were * not * whistleblowers or practicing civil disobedience . 
  they were fleeing an unjust regime . 
  that is fine : many people in history have made the same choice . 
  there is no shame in it . 
  i maintain that there is a difference between fleeing an unjust system and practicing civil disobedience ( including whistleblowing against the government ) against that system . 
  you can do one or the other , and claim the moral high ground , but not both . 
  either you save yourself from the regime , or you `` save '' everyone else at the cost of your punishment . 
  if you do both , then you 're a coward who refuses to face the consequences of his actions . 
   court is not justice , it is just law . 
  it is justice in the form of what our society has decided justice should look like . 
   would you have said the same to jews who ran away from germany because they were declared wanted by the law ? 
  that they should 've just stayed `` in order to prove that the punishment is not just '' ? 
  jews were n't trying to be whistleblowers in germany . 
  they were being targeted by the regime and they were fleeing . 
  jews were n't stealing nazi documents and taking them with them to expose nazi crimes , because the nazis were totally aboveboard with their crimes . 
  the problem is not that snowden is simply running from `` the law . '', 
  the problem is that snowden is portraying himself as a hero when he is an utter coward . 
  everyone is brave when there are no consequences for your actions . 
  to be a responsible whistleblower , you have to face the legal consequences of your actions . 
  at least , that 's my belief . 
  that 's why i think snowden is a coward and a traitor , who is little better than aldrich ames or any number of spies in the past . 
  he has stolen state secrets and delivered himself to our enemies . 
   torture is n't punishment . 
  it 's illegal and the usa has been conducting it for years . 
  snowden knows this , he worked in the very department that conducted it - which is why he left the country . 
  the nsa is a bunch of desk jockeys . 
  they do n't have anyone to torture . 
  if anyone is torturing , it 's the * cia * . 
  but the cia 's purview is outside the united states . 
  if he had stayed in the us , he would 've been the problem of the fbi . 
  but he did n't . 
   snowden uncovered the single largest , orwellian spy program in the history of the world .
