  well , all of the indo-european languages are related . 
  i was just adding more information . 
  russia is the successor state to the ussr , which was the de facto , if not the de jute , successor state to the tsarist russian empire . 
  i think that would 've been ideal , but logistically speaking , i 'm not sure how we would 've managed it . 
  it 's so much easier for the russians to manage those supply lines if they 're fighting a defensive war on the thinnest part of the north european plain , whereas we would 've needed to maintain supply lines across an ocean . 
  i do agree , though . 
  it was beyond tragic that everything east of the elbe was essentially handed to the soviets . 
  baltic too , lithuanian does n't have articles . 
  the fact that a single one of the communist dictatorships established in europe was * not * set up by the soviets does not refute my argument . 
  those words are pretty rich considering russia forcibly installed communist puppet dictatorships throughout eastern europe , all of which were closely monitored by the kgb and whose dissent from the communist line was punished by force , as in hungary or czechoslovakia . 
  question : do you support the ( eventual ) integration of nkr into armenia ? 
  it would be interesting to know why in either case . 
  more than anyone else here , to be sure . 
  i was hoping for a bit of backstory . 
  `` car on fire in eastern europe '' sounds like a bit of a non-story nowadays ... 
  well , do n't worry about it . 
  i was just offering some context since virtually no one knows about the nagorno-karabakh conflict . 
  firebrass is azerbaijani ? 
  it seems like he 's an armenian nkr resident , and almost all the azeris were ejected or fled from the nkr during the war anyway . 
  not even my european security professor in college had heard of it : when i told her i was going to do my paper on the nagorno-karabakh conflict , she gave me a blank stare and asked me where that was . 
  and her job was teach us about security issues in europe !, 
  and google translate is n't working for some reason . 
  it seems silly that he compares `` the office '' ( uk ) to `` modern family '' ( us ) , and not to `` the office '' ( us ) , which itself ran for 9 seasons . 
  edit : also , many of the most popular american tv shows are either direct imports , like top gear , downton abbey or sherlock , or are based on tv shows from abroad , like the office ( uk ) , homeland ( israel ) , the killing ( denmark ) , or veep ( based on the uk 's the thick of it ) . 
  how else do you pronounce `` ley ? '', 
  like `` lay , '' as in `` lay down ? '', 
  it 's also nuts because there are 360 million other native english speakers in the us , canada , and australia who ( generally speaking ) regard britain quite highly , so they would make great immigrants . 
  yeah , the double-taxing is deeply unfortunate . 
  while there are lots of americans working in the uk , i think that 's just a function of how huge the us is and how english is our common language . 
  it 's not that easy to obtain a working visa for the uk . 
  i would be totally on board with that ( especially if we got preferential work-visa deals ) , but i think most of my countrymen would n't . 
  and we 'd be happy to welcome the mother country back as # 51 . 
   for example i would n't touch workers rights i think but instead i 'd certainly work on things like making it easier for startups . 
  making it difficult to fire people is a huge obstacle to startups . 
  if there are reams of regulations on labor policy , you * have * to have an hr professional as one of your early hires in order to prevent being sued . 
  if you 're operating with low overhead , paying a salary for an hr professional to oversee the 3-10 workers you have is a waste of money . 
  labor rights are inextricably linked to competitiveness , * especially * for small companies with less overhead ( either in money or in productive workers ) . 
  you mean [ shapour bakhtiar ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shahpour_bakhtiar ) , the kerensky of persia ? 
  not necessarily putin himself , but i find a lot of lefties like russia and will go out of their way to excuse putin because he 's russian , rather than excusing russia 's actions because of putin . 
  i think there 's a perceptible correlation between being left-wing and both russophilia and francophilia , and also with being right-wing and anglophilia . 
  at least that 's what i 've noticed here in the states . 
  the gap was not that large even 15 years ago . 
  it is a very recent development that israel is a wealthy country . 
  and besides which , egypt has all american equipment now , since we became their sponsor to lure them out of the soviet sphere of influence . 
  and while the technological/wealth gap between poland and russia is n't as large , the population disparity is n't as large either . 
  poland has more than a quarter of russia 's population . 
  it 's much easier to poland to set up a deterrent force to russia than for israel to do so for egypt , which has ten times israel 's population alone . 
  nope . 
  germans were only about 1/5 ( actually more like 1/4 ) of the population of czechoslovakia as a whole , but they constituted the majority of the population in the sudetenland . 
  wikipedia says this about germans in czechoslovakia :  nevertheless , some 90 percent lived in territories in which they represented 90 percent or more of the population . 
  also , russians have n't `` always '' been the majority of crimea . 
  they are only the majority of crimea now because of massive ethnic cleansing of crimean tatars . 
  why ? 
  8 million israelis successfully deter 100 million egyptians and syrians . 
  i was actually being facetious about the `` uncivilized '' bit . 
  i think that the self-righteous finger-wagging of western elites ( europeans in particular ) is the result of a profoundly warped worldview in which they view the rest of the world as less sophisticated as them in a moral sense . 
  not much of a difference from the good old days of referring to everyone else as `` savages . '', 
  as a gay guy , i think it * should * be thrown under the bus . 
  the geopolitics of what is happening in ukraine are important . 
  gay rights in foreign countries are secondary to national interest , and any leader with half a neuron would agree . 
  fix the russia problem , then we 'll move on to lecturing the uncivilized barbarians about how to be proper people . 
  russia already started a war when it invaded a sovereign state . 
  the fact that everyone 's sitting around diddling themselves like they did during the phoney war does n't mean that at least ukraine and russia are n't at war . 
  the looks on the gay guys ' faces are * hysterical * . 
  montenegro does n't have a spanish name , it has a [ venetian name ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/montenegro#etymology ) . 
  montenegro is a calque from the montenegrin/serbian name crna gora , which also means `` black mountain . '', 
  i think you 're familiar with what happens to `` indian givers '' on this continent . 
  thank you for explaining that !, 
  i actually did think the epidemics were pretty much all in the 1500s . 
  that said , how much intentionality can you attribute to any european for the epidemics in the americas ? 
  i am asking honestly : could they have been prevented ? 
  it seemed to me that they resulted merely from the fact that healthy-seeming europeans were carrying diseases which the native americans were not resistant to . 
  mostly ethnic cleansing and less genocide , i think . 
  at least the way it was presented to me in school was that we pretty shamelessly booted the indians off of land on a regular basis , but we pretty rarely massacred them . 
   the us did remove the glue that was keeping it all together ( at least between the sunni and shiite arabs ) by dismantling iraq 's baath party . 
  sorry for removing the fascist police state that was oppressing everyone so thoroughly they could n't kill each other like they wanted to ? 
  it was still ethnic cleansing . 
  the fact is , the `` international community '' is relatively quick to forgive past sins , but it is relentless about current ones , even if they 're not remotely as bad , objectively speaking . 
  any rational ( if ruthless ) leader would choose to expel a problematic secessionist minority , if he thought he could get rid of enough of then quickly enough to make the secessionist movement irrelevant . 
  the us did n't `` create '' sunni-shi ` ite tension . 
  the people at fault would be the british , for lumping together the kurds , the sunnis , and the shiites into one `` iraqi '' state , or the arabs themselves for acting like it 's the 1500s and wars of religion are still in vogue . 
  saddam * did * have wmds , he gassed the kurds in '91 and there was no evidence he used everything he had during the al-anfal campaign . 
  i do n't know where they went afterward , but they clearly went somewhere . 
   you realise just how many palestinians were murdered ? 
  [ less than a thousand ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1947%e2%80%9348_civil_war_in_mandatory_palestine ) ? 
  and you did n't * create * israel . 
  you told the un , `` we have no idea what to do with this shit . '', 
  the un recommended partitioning the land into jewish and arab states . 
  the arab states refused the recognize the un 's plan and rejected it absolutely , while the jews said `` sure , '' and the brits said , `` okay whatevs , we 're leaving . '', 
  then you just left , without enforcing a single line of the partition plan . 
  the jewish community in palestine declared the creation of the state of israel , and since then the borders have been determined by warfare and armistice lines , not by some smug british bureaucrats who did n't do anything for anyone in palestine . 
  to be fair to the us , most of the native americans were killed by mass epidemics that happened before large-scale british settlement began . 
  we politically suppressed them , but the mass death was done before we ever really got there . 
  blame the spanish . 
   as an afterthought . 
  look at israel now , it learned from your mistakes . 
  there was no megalomaniac plan to get rid of all the palestinians in few short years , attracting unwanted attention . 
  no , they dragged it out into decades and that way the world did n't take notice . 
  actually , if israel had just expelled all the arabs in the 60s the way that poland and czechia had expelled all the germans , they could have made a plausible claim to be the legitimate successor state to the mandate of palestine but simultaneously refuse outright to take any arab refugees back . 
  the arabs would still be pissed , but the outside world would n't really care , since israel would be basically an ethnically homogeneous state and it would n't be `` occupying '' anyone .
