  if we capitulate to russia , then those countries will be bolder , and that will require more us energy ( and possibly blood and treasure ) to contain . 
  deterring the big rivals saves us energy in the long run by convincing smaller rivals that it 's not worth it to oppose us . 
   it will have proven that russia , one of the most powerful countries on the planet , can exert regional influence . 
  big deal . 
  you think that 's going to set a precedent ? 
  because it wont . 
  the only other country outside of western influence that can do that is china , everyone else gets bombed back to the stone age - if it suits our interests . 
  and why is n't russia being bombed back to the stone age ? 
  if we do not act against russia because of their military , then all we have done is convince everyone who hates us to build a huge military . 
  it does n't have to be enough to beat us -- since we could beat even russia -- just enough to make a war deeply unpleasant for us . 
  if iran were n't building a nuclear bomb before , it sure as shit will do it now , now that we 've proven that possessing nukes makes us less willing to take action to prevent you from taking what you want with force . 
  that actually means a lot . 
  how nice !, 
  i think it 's okay . 
  poland is a nato ally , meaning that we consider an attack on them to be an attack of us . 
  i think this is a great step for us to take . 
  it will comfort the poles and remind russia that we consider poland and the baltics to be just as essential to nato as the uk and france . 
  first of all , i did n't say russia was likely to invade poland . 
  i was merely explaining that , in the unlikely event that they did , american troops would be among to first to die , so the us public would more readily accept a war with russia . 
  that 's the reason they 're being put in poland , to comfort the poles and assure them that we are committed to defend them , should poland be attacked . 
  second of all , why dismiss the possibility of war entirely ? 
  i think war ( between the eu/us and russia ) is unlikely , but only because the europeans and the american leadership lack the spine to make a strong stand against russia 's incursions into ukraine . 
  a war between ukraine and russia is not impossible or even improbable . 
  the question is whether or not our spineless , myopic leaders will support the ukrainians and help them expel the russians from every last inch of ukrainian territory , or whether they will admit defeat and surrender ukraine to russian vassalage . 
   you 're ignorant if you think this is what russia wanted . 
  this is pushback . 
  they 're losing influence and they 're trying to exert their power to show they 're still relevant . 
  and the proper european/american response to that would be a grander show of force to remind russia ( and ukraine , and our other allies all over the world ) exactly how little we tolerate violations of the international system we have created . 
  by failing to response , we are allowing russia to gain influence because russia has proven it can flagrantly violate international laws and the system the americans and western europeans set up with no meaningful consequences . 
  that will only encourage other countries to do so as well , and when they do , they will look to russia for help . 
   this is where diplomacy comes in . 
  give them something , we get something . 
  and we always have sanctions . 
  when you have two opposing military build ups , the only options start becoming military . 
  what , exactly , does russia want to gain from us diplomatically ? 
  what do you suggest we give them , in return for them returning to status quo ante ? 
  and even if they do hold up their end , all they will have proven is that we will reward those who militarily annex parts of other states . 
  imagine if we strike a deal with russia in which they withdraw from crimea ( i can not imagine how , but let 's go with it ) . 
  we give them wide-ranging promises and all kinds of goodies . 
  what will we have proven ? 
  we will have shown that if you invade another country , we will give in to you and give you free stuff that you would never have gotten if they never invaded the crimea in the first place . 
  it 's so weird to think of washington having memorials in other countries . 
  he 's just so ... * american * . 
   we need to deescalate the situation , allow russia to save face , and come up with an agreement that at least looks like it 's giving in to some russian demands . 
  russia does n't need to `` save face , '' they 're already getting exactly what they want with no meaningful opposition whatsoever . 
  we 're already giving in to russian demands by moving the `` red line '' back every time russia moves forward . 
  we promised to smash russia with sanctions if russia invaded crimea . 
  well , they did , and then immediately eastern ukraine lit up with pro-russian `` demonstrators . '', 
  now we 're promising to smash russia with sanctions if they invade eastern ukraine . 
  well , why should russia believe us ? 
  we said we 'd do it before , and we did n't , so why would we do it now ? 
  what does russia have to gain by giving in to a single one of our demands , since none of our demands are backed up by any serious threat of any kind ? 
  i live in new england and it seems like there 's a pulaski street in every town in massachusetts . 
  there 's a statue of ko\u015bciuszko in the boston public gardens , too : the bane of every drunk boston college student . 
  we 'll be happy to take them . 
  anglobros fo ' life . 
  the whole point of the troops being there is so that if poland is attacked , american blood will be spilt and american leaders will be forced to respond . 
  yes , we would have a legal responsibility to defend poland even if no us troops were there , but politically , it makes going to war a lot easier if the president can say , `` russia has killed americans '' instead of `` russia has invaded an ally a couple thousand miles away . '', 
  putting brits or frenchmen there is pointless since the entire idea is to force america 's hand , since america is -- let 's be honest -- the single most important nato ally that poland has . 
  and a very silly vision it is . 
  i suspect this is because nobody east of the elbe honestly thinks they were `` liberated '' by the soviets . 
  the reds get no thanks from me for stopping the nazis , since they subjected half a continent to russian imperialist oppression for the half century following their victory . 
  also , the soviets would not have been able to win the war without american materiel , so deal with it . 
  brazil as a superpower is a fantasy of the brazilian elite . 
  brazil is terribly governed , and estimates of brazil 's imminent rise have always been disappointed . 
  india , likewise , is so horribly corrupt that it is choking itself half to death . 
  as for europe , you 'd have to find some way to convince all those germans and brits and poles to think of themselves as `` europeans '' first . 
  there 's no way the eu can become a superpower if everyone west of the oder fails to take their new eastern allies and their concerns seriously . 
  i 'm on my phone and ca n't see flags . 
  mea culpa : i just made an erroneous assumption . 
  to explain for people that do n't know , the law does n't apply in alsace-moselle because when the law was passed , that territory was still part of the german empire ( as elsa\u00df-lothringen ) . 
  and good friday is the anniversary of the crucifixion of jesus christ by the romans . 
  easter monday , 3 days later , celebrates the day he rises from the dead . 
  because easter is a religious holiday and the majority of the population in czechia are atheists ? 
  holy shit , dat hre in the lowest group . 
  the most cynical part of me thinks it would be smarter in the long run to boot out the russians , like the czechs and poles did to the germans . 
  the international community is much better at forgiving past sins , regardless of their gravity , than they are at forgiving the management of current problems . 
  people in boston swear by it , though to be honest i do n't take taxis or uber , so i have no personal experience . 
  this seems to me to be a pretty transparent attempt by the iranians to split western opinion on how to deal with russia . 
  russia may have even asked them to do this . 
  if the eu moves to consuming iranian gas , russia is happy because they can still sell their gas to japan and china , while the europeans are still buying their gas from a russian-friendly state . 
  likewise , the iranians would be happy because they get much more leverage over the europeans ( and by extension , the americans ) in negotiations over their nuclear program , and their gas revenues go up substantially . 
  this is an obvious power play by the persians : i honestly ca n't believe how many of you have fallen for this stupid trick , hook , line , and sinker . 
  the jewish lobby looks really strong because it pretty much only advocates for things that the american public already agrees with . 
  there are a number of things that israelis would really like to see happen that are totally ignored by the `` jewish lobby , '' because the jewish lobby * knows they wo n't win * . 
  the fact is that the american public generally agrees with keeping a strong alliance with israel and keeping the palestinians at arm 's length , because the israelis are good , helpful allies and the palestinians are whiny brutes who murder people indiscriminately and then cry foul when they are n't handed complete victory on a silver platter . 
  the jewish lobby does n't * make * the american government act against iran : the government acts against iran because the american people do n't really like iran and we are totally cool with our government sanctioning an oppressive , totalitarian religious dictatorship that is actively trying to fuck us over . 
  to be fair , the brits also were n't representing much of anybody in britain itself in government at the time , we were just able to do something about it because we had an ocean between us and the parliament . 
  i think the most likely of the us is dissolution . 
  it 's not likely that we will be militarily conquered , but some political crisis might cause a sufficient number of groups of states to take sufficiently different courses of action that the nation breaks up , either into individual states or , more likely , into regional blocs . 
  i , for one , would be totally cool with an independent new england , even if it would be run by pinkos . 
   even proper federations like the usa limits the federal government with the constitution , and the relationship is defined by pre-established law instead of simply by make-it-up-as-we-go agreement that 's amended and extended all the time . 
  and , despite the fact that we have an extremely stable political system , a well-respected judiciary , and centuries of training in democracy , our constitution * still * is n't respected by our political class . 
  the european union , where new bureaucratic endeavors are agreed upon politically and * then * legalized , has no hope of containing the power of the central authority . 
  russia is a culture union , he 's only got 4.5 infamy from using free people on ukraine , and then crimea demanded annexation . 
  the new pope is an italian-argentinian !, 
   closely related is saufen which is the analogue of drinking . 
  fressen also appears in fresskoma , the state you are in after a particularly satisfying meal , unable and unwilling to do anything but stay at rest . 
  `` food coma '' is definitely a commonly-used expression in english to mean the sleepiness that comes from eating a lot . 
  oh , yeah , that sounds like a normal mechanical error .
