  even the most virulent irish nationalists never demanded that london and edinburgh were rightful irish land , while hamas maintains that tel aviv and haifa are as much palestine as nablus and gaza . 
  so it 's the jews ' fault that they decided to settle on the most arable parts of israel ? 
  why should the jewish-majority areas of arable land be given to the arab state ? 
  if the administration disagreed , there would 've immediately been a press conference condemning the leak and affirming our relationship with israel . 
  the fact is , obama and his inner circle * hate * netanyahu . 
  much worse , since israel has been in active negotiations to give the palestinians ever more power over themselves for decades , while china has no intention whatsoever of allowing tibetan self-rule , let alone independence of any sort . 
  uh , nope . 
  even in the 18-29 age group , more americans would choose to support israel than the palestinians by a 2-to-1 ratio , and that was * during the last gaza war * . 
  as a young american , the only people my age i know who vocally support the palestinians are activists whose cause du jour is in fact the palestinian one . 
  none of my thoroughly democratic friends prefers the palestinians to the israelis . 
  uh , nope , 70 years ago the main territory that israel occupies ( the coastal plain , the jezreel and hula valleys , and the tel aviv-jerusalem corridor ) were majority jewish . 
  if israel has committed ethnocide , it is very bad at it , considering there are something like 10 times as many palestinians worldwide today as there were in 1939 , whereas there are about .80 times as many jews today as there were in 1939 . 
  turns out europeans are a hell of a lot better at genocide than jews . 
  just pointing this out : lehi ( the group responsible for bernadotte 's assassination ) was turned upon and hunted down by the mainstream jewish militia , the haganah . 
  and he did n't become pm until more than * 35 years * after his group killed bernadotte . 
  it might be undiplomatic but it wins big points among the fm 's base . 
  europeans , frankly , really * do n't * understand the israeli-palestinian conflict , and they tend ( despite their ignorance ) to support the palestinians . 
  consequently , israelis like hearing someone tell off the europeans for being idiots , because if the europeans are inclined neither to educate themselves about the conflict or to support israel , israelis have no reason not to tell them to fuck off . 
  and to your point : what have `` friends , '' other than us materiel aid given during the yom kippur war , ever done for israel ? 
  what has sweden ever sacrificed for israel ? 
  seriously . 
  i want to know , and so do israelis . 
  what 's the point of israel sacrificing critical concerns to make europeans happy if those europeans wo n't do anything to help them ? 
  50 years ago was 1964 , when israel controlled everything within `` israel proper '' and jews were an overwhelming absolute majority in the territory they controlled . 
  which is nuts because something like 80 % of arab-americans are christians ( either copts or lebanese , mostly ) . 
  `` high per capita gdp '' does n't mean `` developed . '', 
  kuwait , saudi arabia , and the uae all have high per capita gdps , but no one would seriously consider them `` developed '' countries . 
  their wealth is not created , it is * extracted * out of the ground . 
  the same is true of russia . 
  although russia has a more diversified economy than the gulf states , a large percentage of its wealth comes from extractive industries like mining and oil/natural gas drilling . 
  if russia had as poor a resource endowment as poland , it would be substantially poorer than poland . 
  poland has few natural resources of much value , and has a very similar per capita gdp to russia , which sits on truly massive reserves of oil , natural gas , and mineral wealth . 
  new dads ca n't hold their baby for * days * after it 's born ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  where is this ? 
  in a similar vein , baghdad was also more than a quarter jewish before wwii . 
  pinsk , for instance , was almost three-quarters jewish . 
  many `` diplomatic '' positions are in fact intelligence agents : this is true for every country with an intelligence agency . 
  there are about 130,000 * native * irish speakers , while there are more than 300,000 fluent welsh speakers . 
  ireland may have a whole bunch of people who can get by in irish or use it to gossip about foreigners , but that 's hardly the same thing as having * fluent * speakers . 
  i like their coats !, 
  especially the green with black cuffs in picture 1 . 
  i want that coat . 
  vilnius was like 45 % polish , 40 % jewish back in the day . 
  world war ii radically changed the demographics of the city . 
  uh , almost all palestinians are under palestinian governance . 
  the palestinian authority governs everyone in the gaza strip and something like 95 % of palestinians in the west bank . 
  iirc , is n't this because the eu officially takes britain 's side , which is that there is in fact no territorial dispute at all ? 
  gibraltar is british in perpetuity , per the treaty of utrecht . 
  there are no farmers in guantanamo , it 's a military base . 
  and there are no rich farmers in the cuban-owned areas : it 's cuba . 
  cynthia mckinney is a nutter who blames bush for 9/11 and thinks the government assassinated martin luther king * and * tupac . 
  leave it to the irish to turn a chant about destroying israel into a stupid rallying cry for not paying for a public service . 
  great britain 's bible belt were the american colonies . 
  iirc , the percentage of anglicans in ireland is on the rise for the first time in centuries precisely because of nigerian immigrants joining the church of ireland . 
  dat austrian partition . 
  i think you 're thinking of scots , which is a west germanic language related to english and frisian . 
  gaelic ( aka scottish gaelic ) is a celtic language related to welsh , irish , and breton . 
  if my arabic 's any good , i think it 's because the bet el sign just says `` bet el '' in arabic ( a transliteration of the hebrew , not a different name ) , while the sign for jerusalem says `` ur\u0161alim ( al-quds ) . '', 
  `` ur\u0161alim '' being the arabic translation of the hebrew `` yerushalayim , '' while `` al-quds '' is the actual arabic name for the city . 
  calling jerusalem `` al-quds '' in arabic is like calling londonderry `` derry '' to israeli nationalists . 
  it 's not in the name . 
  the official name of ireland is just ireland . 
  `` republic '' is like , the `` official designation '' or something . 
  but the constitutional name of the irish state is ireland or \u00c9ire . 
  so what ? 
  they 're there . 
  what if they refuse to leave ? 
  seriously , what 's your game plan if they refuse to leave ? 
  yes , but grybauskait\u0117 can bring him down faster . 
  the king of jordan is pretty popular , as is the king of morocco . 
  the king of morocco has a fairly strong western fan base , in addition to his domestic support . 
  outright ethnic cleansing in croatia made nato declare an arms embargo on that country for a little while , but two decades later , croatia is a full member of the eu and nato . 
  how much did croatia suffer , really , as punishment for getting rid of the serbs ? 
  in the short term , support for israel from the west might be reduced or cut off , but in the medium and long term , israel would be rid of a violent , revanchist minority and israeli political life would be able to function more normally instead of being either directly or indirectly centered on the palestinian issue . 
  i do n't think the israelis * should * expel the palestinians , but if they did , i would not see that as irrational . 
  a basic cost-benefit analysis of the situation indicates that other governments who committed ethnic cleansing of secessionist minorities did not suffer long-term ( or even medium-term ) loss of support from the international community . 
  uh , no , because those jewish settlements are not under arab control . 
  i stand by my interpretation . 
  but the existence of dozens of arab villages in israel demonstrates that deir yassin , even if we believe the arab accounts of it , was the exception , not the rule . 
  no , the decision was made by the polish collaborationist government . 
  yes , they might 've been russian puppets and the russians were on board with the plan ( as they expelled all the germans from east prussia ) , but the decision was made and undertaken by the polish government . 
  the poles and czechs expelled * millions * of germans in the wake of wwii , which had been started partly due to germany 's desire to exercise sovereignty over those german minorities . 
  the sudetenland , lower silesia , and eastern pomerania were almost exclusively german-speaking , and now they are almost exclusively czech - or polish-speaking . 
  i would bet you could count the number of czechs and poles who regret this decision on two hands . 
  so israel should 've waited until hamas finished their tunnels into israeli civilian population centers so that some self-righteous foreigners could think that it was finally `` okay '' to destroy the tunnels ? 
  that embargo has lasted for years because the rocket attacks from gaza have lasted for years . 
  and have i mentioned antisemitism * once * ? 
  they did n't invade because of the teens . 
  the teens ' death was used for political cover , but it was n't a justification for the war . 
  it just provided the public anger to fight the palestinians . 
  as for the embargo : it did n't exist until the palestinians started launching thousands of rockets ( each of them a war crime ) at israeli population centers . 
  if the jews of israel had murdered all the arabs in the villages they had captured during the war of independence ( like the arabs did to gush etzion ) , would you have said that was justified ? 
  jews were treated like second-class citizens in every arab country . 
  the animosity may not go away , but the palestinians could accept defeat on israeli terms . 
  they 've lost . 
  if they admitted it , they 'd have sovereignty . 
  since they do n't , the conflict will continue until the israelis get fed up and do exactly what the croatians , the poles , and the czechs have done with their revanchist minorities : get rid of them . 
  i am am idiot . 
  i definitely meant `` how is land swaps any * more * practical '' since the prospect is ludicrous .
