  the context here is different . 
  jews in other countries were * and are * discriminated against despite being full citizens of those countries and deserving of equal rights . 
  israel does accord equal rights to its arab minority , despite major representatives of that minority being vocal supporters of murderous enemies of israel . 
  the people who are `` persecuted '' are not israeli citizens , but palestinian non-citizens who are * by their own admission * enemies of israel , a fairly substantial portion of whom are violent enemy combatants . 
  can you see the difference between jewish citizens being resentful of being treated worse than their fellow-citizens , and jewish israelis treating enemy non-citizens differently than their own citizens ? 
  israel does n't treat the palestinians differently because they 're * arabs * , but because they 're * enemy combatants * . 
  it 's a tangible measure of how safe french jews feel in france compared to how safe they feel in israel . 
  french jews are leaving france in large numbers to go to israel , which is , let 's face it , not the most secure location on earth . 
  hm , i can see how my comment is a bit misleading , so i apologize for being unclear . 
  i 'm not saying all leftists are jew haters . 
  but a lot of them are , and a lot of them use the israeli treatment of palestinians as the justification for their prejudice . 
  i 'm not saying that there are n't bigoted americans . 
  of course there are , there are bigots in every group . 
  but i am relaying my observation that the `` polite '' european view of israel versus other countries engaged in similar activities is underpinned by a bigoted view of the world in which the israelis can be held to `` european '' standards while the rest of them can not . 
  i believe this is a fundamentally bigoted position to hold . 
  and yet , immigration of french jews to israel is [ rising ] ( http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,l-4412989,00.html ) compared to recent years . 
  from the israeli ministry of immigrant absorption , [ here ] ( http://www.moia.gov.il/hebrew/informationandadvertising/statistics/documents/2013/olim1a.htm ) are the year-to-date immigration figures for 2013 , listed by country . 
  the link is in hebrew , but google translate gets the job done . 
  the major story here is that france has provided a comparable number of jewish immigrants to israel this year ( 2196 immigrants in 2013 ) as has the us ( 2378 ) or russia ( 2633 ) . 
  france may have a large jewish community now , but as iranian jews can attest , large jewish communities do n't always stay in the same place forever . 
  yeah , it 's pretty common knowledge that polish-lithuanian relations have been tense since independence because of the polish minority in lithuania ( and the much smaller lithuanian minority in poland ) . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're missing the fact that i am adopting the voice of europeans in the last three sentences or if you do n't know what `` pot calling the kettle black '' means . 
  i 'm not calling the europeans uncivilized ( which would merit the `` pot , kettle , black '' comparison ) , i 'm calling them bigots . 
  you can be civilized and still be a bigot . 
  you 're right , leftists ( and , historically , whatever brand of jew-haters were in vogue at the time ) always manage to find some jews who agree with them , hoist them up as the `` good jews , '' and by comparison , imply that all the other jews ( i.e. 
  the vast , overwhelming majority of world jewry ) are unscrupulous , sadistic murderers . 
  how kind of them to include some jewish useful idiots into their fold . 
  not at all . 
  but the ones who are raging antisemites do use the israeli-palestinian conflict as their `` justification . '', 
  the correlation to what you 've said is that everyone else i listed are not expected to uphold human rights . 
  they are `` not first world nations , '' which is today 's polite euphemism for barbarians . 
  how honored israelis must feel , to be excluded from the europeans ' list of barbarous peoples . 
  underpinning the disproportionate criticism that israel gets is european bigotry that reduces non-europeans ( which apparently includes israelis somehow ) to childish barbarians , from whom one can not expect adherence to international norms or the upholding of human rights . 
  after all , they 're just arabs , or africans , or asians . 
  they 're not * like us * . 
  they do n't * know any better * . 
   ... is shy and ineffective , because you folks start banging drums like spoiled brats the moment someone says a word to you . 
  it is so , even when the words said are made with best of intentions . 
  shy and ineffective ? 
  compared to what ? 
  criticism of germany in 1944 ? 
   deliberate targeting of civilian infrastructure , as a mean of inducing suffering for the civilian population is a vile and despicable rarity yes , it is vile and despicable , and for israel , it 's over . 
  it was vile and despicable when the europeans did it on a far grander scale 50 and 60 years ago , it was despicable when the israelis did it , and now both of them have realized how wrong it was . 
  that 's what every nation-state does . 
  poland objects when lithuania does something that affects the polish minority there . 
  russia vehemently and sometimes violently defends ethnic russians in its near abroad . 
  as the jewish nation-state , israel speaks for jews . 
  that 's how these things work . 
   the only way i can think of how left-wing extremists could justify this is israel 's handling of palestine but that 's hardly the german jews ' fault . 
  and yet , german jews are blamed anyway . 
  nobody ever credited either leftists or rightists for correctly assigning blame . 
  but , that 's a bingo , the israeli-palestinian conflict is exactly the rationalization that leftists use for their raging antisemitism . 
   i fail to grasp the logic of your defense . 
  other nations do heinous deeds , so we should be able to do them too ? 
  that was n't my defense . 
  my defense was that the objective negative effect of israel 's behavior does not correspond to the criticism israel gets from europe , given the european baseline of criticism for similar or worse behavior from other nations . 
   disproportionality is arguable , especially so when it comes to consistency and persistency of abuse . 
  is it ? 
  turkey has been occupying kurdish-claimed territory since before its inception as the republic of turkey , its war against the kurds has displaced more people than the israeli-arab conflict and certainly killed a lot more . 
  the moroccan-western sahara crisis is 40 years old ; how much `` better '' is that than the 60-year old israeli-arab conflict ? 
  there are almost as many tamils in sri lanka as palestinians in the former mandate of palestine . 
  could you please explain to me how the israeli-palestinian conflict * objectively * deserves more criticism than similar or worse conflicts raging elsewhere ? 
   dahiya doctrine the dahiya doctrine is n't any worse than the policies of other countries fighting insurgent groups , certainly far less destructive than the former practices of europeans , and it was ended anyway because it was both ineffective and unpopular . 
   israelis scream a lot , the whispers of despair from occupied territories are louder . 
  `` despair ? '', 
  good grief . 
  the palestinians are not doing any worse than the average egyptian or syrian , and their freedoms of expression , of press , of language , etc. 
  are far broader than kurds in turkey . 
  israelis and other jews are unconvinced that it 's their behavior that causes the huge amount of scorn and criticism directed at them from europe , when other countries do much worse things ( sri lanka during their civil war , turkey against the kurds and cyprus , morocco against western sahara , nigeria against the northern islamists ) and receive much less criticism from europe . 
  israelis interpret the obvious double-standard as the remnants of millennia of european antisemitism . 
  it is hard to reconcile the disproportionate amount of criticism that israel gets ( palestinian * trees * get the same screentime that nigerian mass murders or turkish settlements in cyprus get ) and any objective comparison of the urgency or scale of human rights abuses in israel and elsewhere . 
  edit : also , the israelis really do make every effort to limit how much their security arrangements affect the palestinian population . 
  that 's what makes the criticism all the more ridiculous . 
  the sri lankan government gathered civilians into `` safe zones '' and then bombarded the safe zones ; the israeli government fought a war in one of the most densely-populated places in the middle east and the majority of the casualties were combatants , even though combatants were hidden among civilians and not uniformed . 
  the egyptian army uses live fire to put down protests ; the israelis are always trying to come up with new , non-lethal methods of dispersing protests ( which are themselves often violent ) . 
  europeans do not seem to recognize these efforts , or simply dismiss them because there are still security precautions that inconvenience palestinians . 
  the only reason why israelis would continually try to make their security precautions less harmful to the palestinians without any incentive from the europeans is that * the israelis actually care * about being the least harmful they can be while still protecting their own people . 
  sorry for being a better imperialist overlord than anyone else ever ? 
  former french fm bernard kouchner pretty much admitted that the french were just jealous because they would love to do the same thing ( and spy as best they can on the us leadership with the tools they have ) , but they were mad because they do not have the vast intelligence-gathering power we do . 
  well , it 's still a melting pot , it 's just that the original melted stock was english , and everything else has melted into the english original . 
   i could just as well reply with : i suppose you prefer the atrocities committed in russia under the tsardom ? 
  i think you might be awfully surprised by whether poles , balts , and ukrainians prefer the tsars or the commissars . 
  [ this guy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wilhelm_karl,_duke_of_urach ) , the duke of urach , was elected king of lithuania after wwi in a very similar situation , but never came into possession of his throne . 
   ... effectively impoverishing the english language by robbing it from the ability to express `` in a literal sense '' ... you just expressed the idea of `` in a literal sense '' perfectly fine , using 4 words . 
  i understood exactly what you were trying to say . 
  good grief . 
  every language can convey all ideas possible in human thought . 
  just because words add or lose meanings as time goes on does n't mean we ca n't communicate the same ideas . 
  dutch has no single word for the english word `` awkward , '' but you can communicate the idea of `` prompting social discomfort through unconventional social behavior '' in dutch just fine . 
   all the while defending it by appealing to a vague , undefined popularity . 
  i am not `` defending '' anything . 
  i am * explaining * how linguistic change occurs from a scientific perspective . 
  `` english '' is what english speakers speak ; therefore , an `` inappropriate '' usage might change the meaning of the words involved if a critical mass of english speakers adopt the usage . 
  and let me turn this on you : who says `` literally '' does n't mean `` figuratively ? '', 
  if you are claiming that i am making a fallacious argument based on popularity , you most probably are making an argument based on authority . 
  by whose authority is using `` literally '' to mean `` figuratively '' incorrect ? 
  ( i am literally asking you for a name here : a person , an organization , a text , etc. ), 
  again , that 's not how linguistic change works . 
  languages are essentially vast sets of agreements by everyone who speaks that language that `` x word/phrase conveys y idea . '', 
  if one person uses a word to convey an idea and other speakers do not agree that that word conveys the intended meaning , then the use of that word for that meaning is `` incorrect , '' and it is a misuse .
