  great-russian identity is based on the expansion of * muscovy * , not novgorod . 
  muscovy ransacked novgorod and slaughtered the inhabitants , and it is the centuries of muscovite , tsarist , and soviet autocracy that have done most of the work of shaping great-russian identity . 
   after so many centuries of rewriting of history ... it is hard to know . 
  that 's nonsense . 
  we do the best we can with the evidence we have , and to handwave that evidence away by saying `` who knows '' is intellectual laziness . 
  a contingent of soldiers that size in this situation is what 's known as a `` trip wire . '', 
  that is , they are in poland so that if poland is attacked , the american leadership can turn to the american people and say , '' * our soldiers * were attacked , '' which is a lot more convincing than `` our * allies * were attacked . '', 
  it can make the political decision to respond to an attack on an ally with force easier . 
  technically , the founding fathers were british and the founding documents were heavily based on british thought and philosophy , so american leaders down to the present day have a very heavily `` british '' worldview . 
   turns out usa flew 20000 strikes in obamas first term . 
  he got aa noble peace prize at the start of that . 
  i dislike obama , but how is that his fault ? 
  maybe the nobel commission should 've pulled their heads out of obama 's ass and sniffed some fresh air before they voted : it 's all their fault he got the award before doing anything . 
   ukraine is a manufactured state historically , most of its identity is owed to wwi&wwii german efforts to split up russia/ussr by organising nationalism in ukraine . 
  nope , this is completely false . 
  ukrainian identity evolved concurrently with belarusian and great-russian identity after the collapse of kievan rus . 
  the biggest influence on ukrainian identity , especially as distinct from russian identity , was the polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  ukraine was under the control of the grand duchy of lithuania or the crown of poland from the 1300s under the 1600s ( for eastern ukraine ) and until the 1700s ( for western ukraine ) . 
  ukraine spent hundreds of years in a catholic , western-looking state , and that affected the identity of the people living there . 
  before the russians wiped out the uniate churches , for example , the majority of the population in western ukraine and belarus were greek catholics , not orthodox christians . 
   it has never been independent , neither had estonia or latvia before they became independent . 
  that means almost nothing nowadays . 
   the cossacks were mostly russian-descendant ... do you have any proof for this ? 
  what i 've read indicates that the cossacks were ethnically mixed because they attracted the unwanted and ungovernable from all over eastern europe . 
   kievan rus had its successor in the novgorod states . 
  nope . 
  kievan rus had a number of successors , the most important for ukraine being the grand duchy of lithuania , which grew out of the principality of polatsk . 
  though muscovy would later subjugate novgorod and claim to be the sole and unique successor to rus , that is a lie , a figment of imagination of russian propagandists . 
  the gdl 's control over much of kievan rus -- including , most obviously , kyiv itself -- and its ruthenian nobility and population make it the most relevant successor state to ukrainian history . 
   the mongols split us up , the eastern slavs . 
  however , the slight regional differences did not amount to independent nation-states or national movements until the 20th century . 
  yet again , nope . 
  that is what great-russians like to believe , because it 's part of the russian national narrative to claim that they represent all east slavs , but it 's not true . 
  it only seems plausible because of two hundred years of forced and violent russification of belarus and ukraine . 
  or `` invest '' as in `` besiege . '', 
  let 's consult articles v and vi of the [ north atlantic treaty ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natolive/official_texts_17120.htm ) : article v  the parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in europe or north america shall be considered an attack against them all and consequently they agree that , if such an armed attack occurs , each of them , in exercise of the right of individual or collective self-defence recognised by article 51 of the charter of the united nations , will assist the party or parties so attacked by taking forthwith , individually and in concert with the other parties , such action as it deems necessary , including the use of armed force , to restore and maintain the security of the north atlantic area . 
   any such armed attack and all measures taken as a result thereof shall immediately be reported to the security council . 
  such measures shall be terminated when the security council has taken the measures necessary to restore and maintain international peace and security . 
  article vi  for the purpose of article 5 , an armed attack on one or more of the parties is deemed to include an armed attack :  * on the territory of any of the parties in europe or north america , on the algerian departments of france ( 2 ) , on the territory of or on the islands under the jurisdiction of any of the parties in the north atlantic area north of the tropic of cancer ;  * on the forces , vessels , or aircraft of any of the parties , when in or over these territories or any other area in europe in which occupation forces of any of the parties were stationed on the date when the treaty entered into force or the mediterranean sea or the north atlantic area north of the tropic of cancer . 
  so , polish forces would have to be attacked on the territory of poland in order for it to `` count . '', 
  actually , the 6-year clusterfuck that has been obama foreign and domestic policy means that the republicans have a chance of winning . 
  it 's not just the ukraine crisis , though i would n't be surprised if this was the straw that broke the camel 's back and exposed the systemic failure of obama 's foreign policy . 
  even the washington post , a pretty solidly pro-democrat publication , has turned on obama , at least with regard to foreign policy . 
  i like how the `` he '' in that sentence could apply equally to either putin or obama . 
  almost all `` russian jews '' are from poland , belarus , ukraine , or lithuania , since the pale of settlement restricted jews from living in `` russia proper . '', 
  because 6 centuries of muscovite/russian foreign policy has proven that russia will expand westward until it is forcibly stopped ? 
  russia has no natural borders as it is , so because it fears invasion , it will always expand as far west as possible to ensure that an invasion from the west will hurt the non-russian-populated borderlands and not the russian-populated heartland . 
  only fools who believe that the russian leadership would think that they will never be subject to invasion from the west would not see the russians ' need to control their western neighbors . 
  then you never should have admitted the former ussr states or the warsaw pact states , because clearly you could n't give less than two shits about them . 
  if you did , you 'd recognize that russia was always going to exert the full range of its power to re-subjugate those countries , starting with the closest and most russified , belarus and ukraine , and then working westward . 
  interesting that you bring up the us , since right-bank ukraine ( i.e. 
  west of kyiv ) has only been under russian control since [ after the us constitution was adopted ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/30/rzeczpospolita_rozbiory_3.png ) . 
  left-bank ukraine has only been under russian control since the 1667 truce of andrusovo . 
  i 'm not saying , `` ukraine used to be part of poland so let 's make it part of poland again . '', 
  what i 'm saying is that `` ukraine was never ours '' is not true from a central european perspective . 
  it is not true , and saying so is perpetuating a centuries-old lie created by russian propagandists . 
  much of it was part of poland ( - lithuania ) and both poland and lithuania are part of `` us '' now . 
  accepting that ukraine has always been a russian vassal and will always be so is historically ignorant and politically imprudent . 
  there are two compelling interests for russia in ukraine : one strategic , and one tied to russia 's national identity and narrative . 
  the first interest is quite simply that russia is afraid . 
  the russian leadership does not think wwii has fundamentally changed human nature , and they know that one day , whether it is next year , or in 10 years , or in 100 years , russia will be invaded again from the west . 
  russia is a vast steppe with no natural barriers to speak of , other than the caucasus in the south . 
  in order to keep the war as far away from the indefensible russian heartland as possible , russia needs control over land as far west as can be reasonably controlled , so that the inevitable war will not devastate the russian heartland , but rather the ukrainian - , belarusian - , or baltic-inhabited lands to the west . 
  it is out of profound fear that the russians feel the need to dominate the lands on russia 's western border . 
  if ukraine joins the eu , or worse , nato , the next war russia fights with a western neighbor will not be fought in the fields of poland , or belarus , or ukraine -- like the two world wars -- but in the russian-populated heartland itself . 
  russia is huge , but because it has no geographic defenses , it feels the only way it can defend itself is to obtain strategic depth , by having friendly states to the west . 
  the more western , the better . 
  the second interest is less tangible : it is to do with russia 's self-image and the national narrative that the russian leadership ( at least ) subscribes to . 
  russia sees itself as the spiritual descendant of kievan rus ' , a medieval state that at one point controlled all the lands inhabited by east slavs ( that is , the ancestors of russians , belarusians , and ukrainians ) . 
  the russian mission , so to speak , is to once again unite all the east slavs under one banner . 
  if russia can not politically integrate the belarusians and ukrainians , it must at least have them acknowledge its leadership of the east slavs . 
  if ukraine moves toward the eu , russia can not interpret this in any way other than as a refusal to acknowledge russia 's leadership of ukraine . 
  it is a deliberate rejection of russia 's image of itself . 
  because it does n't seem like the eu is a military threat to russia in the short term , this is most likely the primary concern among the russian leadership . 
  they simply can not accept a ukraine that has turned away from russia . 
  they can not accept it , and they will do almost everything in their power to prevent that from happening . 
  if they can not keep the ukrainians under thrall with love , they will do it with force . 
  western ukraine was annexed during wwii , after the ussr invaded poland in conjunction with nazi germany in september 1939 . 
  not really , his dad was first-generation kenyan and his paternal grandparents were both black kenyans from rural kenya . 
  it 's highly unlikely there was any canoodling with white kenyans there . 
  iirc , the producers did n't really `` threaten : '' they simply said that , if salzburg did n't allow them to film a scene the way they wanted to , they 'd just have to dig up newsreel and use that . 
  the producers only realized after the austrians objected to that idea that the reason was to avoid the embarrassing reminder of austrians ' support for the anschlu\u00df . 
  as it stands , the ukrainian crisis * is * a defeat for europe . 
  europe is doing nothing to stop russian advances . 
  taking countries from russia 's sphere of influence and integrating them into the european system * is * realpolitik , because it weakens and contains russia . 
  how anyone could think that `` realpolitik '' in this situation could mean `` do n't ` provoke ' russia '' is beyond me . 
  russia is actively seeking to reassert it 's former influence over the old warsaw pact , and the best way to prevent them from doug that is incorporating those states into the eu or nato . 
  as if russia were a `` possible '' competitive nation instead of an known enemy of the post-cold war balance of power in europe . 
  nope , this was a deliberate concession to putin , it was in the news for ages here in the us because a mic at some big international forum caught obama saying that he would have more leverage to give putin concessions after the american elections . 
  since giving concessions to russian dictators is frowned upon by the american electorate . 
  if you spent more money on at least looking like you * could * kill people , people would at least treat you like you might be a threat if pissed off , instead of treating you like a big rickety house of hay that can be blown over with a puff . 
   we 'll see , maybe the idiocracy of the republicans may finally be of use . 
  i do n't understand why you 're calling them idiots , when their approach has finally been vindicated . 
   indeed . 
  i 'm not a warmonger , but when you guarantee the safety of a nation you damn better follow through . 
  integrity is everything . 
  what 's your guarantee worth if you 're wo n't actually do what you say ? 
  absolutely nothing , and the world will take note of that . 
  * exactly * !, 
  what is at stake here is the united states ' ( and , less seriously , the europeans ' ) willingness to back up their * legal obligations * .
