  i see no reason why scotland would be any different . 
  i was just saying that scottish lefties who are looking forward to one-party rule will be disappointed . 
  right , because you 're arguing that their material circumstances will not change or will be okay . 
  that 's an economic argument . 
  it was n't your whole argument , but it was part of it , just like how the no campaign 's argument is partly economic and partly not ( pride in being british and whatnot ) . 
  bush junior is n't even on the table . 
  he retired . 
  also , in what world do you live in where obama is `` thoughtful ? '', 
  remember libya ? 
  that was done basically on a whim , and now the country 's a shitshow . 
  it 's such a clusterfuck that arab countries ( who are almost always content to sit on their fat asses and let others do their dirty work for them ) are actually doing air strikes to weaken the militias that control the country . 
  obama is the definition of an empty suit , neither thoughtful nor decisive . 
  okay , maybe the black sea is a bad idea , but at least sit one down in the eastern mediterranean . 
  and anyway , i do n't think russia would use a tactical nuclear weapon to support a guerrilla war in ukraine or to prevent a military training exercise that we publicly admit is happening . 
  the fact is , putin is an aggressor , and aggressors can not be * deterred * with polite letters and reminders of our nuclear arsenal . 
  he knows we wo n't nuke him over ukraine : what our leaders should have done is plant a seed of doubt in his mind about that . 
  why do n't you trust him to act sane ? 
  everything he 's done up until now is perfectly sane , based on a ( fairly accurate ) assumption that western countries would do nothing to stop him . 
  well , in * this * country , expressing an opinion is n't illegal . 
  yes and no . 
  what 's he gon na do ? 
  he 's not stupid . 
  if nato leaders told him convincingly that russian aggression against ukraine ( whether overt or covert ) would be met with an overwhelming military response , he would realize the whole thing would be a bad gamble on his end , since russia 's not going to win a conventional war against nato . 
  an early intervention by nato could convince putin that it 's not worth the effort to back rebels . 
  that ship might have sailed already , since putin 's semi-publicly saying that he controls or at least heavily influences the rebels , but in the early days , a nato-led military aid mission to ukraine would have convinced putin that rebels would not work to undermine ukraine . 
  as for putin , we hate him . 
  we 'd be happy to see him let the door hit his ass on the way out . 
  why should we care whether he could n't save face ? 
  my point was merely that scottish lefties yearning for single-party rule will be sorely disappointed if scots opt out of the union . 
  as for single-party corruption , that ship has sailed . 
  the prototypical `` california democrat '' project , the high-speed rail line , is already a mess . 
  the questions are n't `` will it be done on time '' or `` will it be under budget , '' but , `` by how many billions will it be over budget '' and `` how many years past due will we have to wait for this , '' and even `` will it actually help anyone ? '', 
  telling putin that we have zero intention of offering any real resistance to him annexing a future nato member ( which is what ukraine is , per nato 's last summit ) is what 's enabling putin 's aggression . 
  we might not be able to eject the russians from crimea ( although we could have , if we had acted before the `` referendum , '' when putin was still pretending he had nothing to do with it ) , but a definitive show of force and actual assistance to ukraine in rooting out `` rebels '' would definitely prevent russia from continuing it 's aggression . 
  do you think russia wants a war with nato ? 
  they know just as well as we do that we would win . 
  america has provided military assistance to colombia to root out farc . 
  we should provide the same assistance to ukraine : if putin has nothing to do with the rebels , as he claims , then he ca n't very well claim to be on the defensive when we wipe out the rebels . 
  as for the euros , obama should drag then along kicking and screaming if need be . 
  i think the euros in nato should take charge of this : but since they refuse to , we must , because `` spite '' is not a valid pillar of sound geopolitical strategy . 
  yeah , that 's pretty much what i was getting at . 
  it 's not going to be exactly the same as england 's tory party , but an iscotland would most certainly have a tory party of its own , and i 'd bet money that it 'd be more popular than many people who say `` independence to throw off the tory yoke '' would think . 
  also ca has some very , very conservative voters . 
  i think massachusetts is a better example . 
  if new england became independent and we got a fiscally conservative party that dropped the gop 's bullshit about gays and abortions , elections would be a real toss-up between them and the nutter liberals . 
  i think the last century and a half stands testament to the fact that people want their governmental system to represent the people that they see themselves a part of . 
  indeed . 
  in one case , the junior partner was run into the ground by incompetent socialists , and in the other , by germans . 
  pull a carrier group into the black sea or the baltic , organize a nato `` training '' for an attack on kaliningrad , and give the ukrainians actual aid . 
  the president has a million options that he 's just not using . 
  the problem is not just ukraine . 
  it 's that the entire system the us has created is dependent on confidence in the us and our military capability . 
  if other countries lose confidence in our ability to protect them , they will start acting preemptively and without consulting us , which will make us less influential and will make the world a more dangerous place because everyone will be out for themselves . 
  yeah , i do n't think that 's how identity works . 
  if i were to propose that new england secede from the us , there would be a great many people who would be upset because , although they 're proud to be new englanders , they see themselves as americans , and although they would continue to be `` americans '' in the same way that canadians are `` american , '' it just would n't be the same . 
  republicans * are * frothing at the mouth about that , and for good reason . 
  obama was pithy and flippant and arrogant , and now , it 's incredibly obvious that he was wrong , and acting like a know-it-all child . 
  ugh , what an idiot . 
  i ca n't believe the world is as stable as it is given the fact that the white house has completely abdicated american leadership of liberal democratic states and the world order we 've crafted over half a century . 
  have fun . 
  democratic societies eventually reach equilibrium . 
  much of scotland was reliably tory only thirty or forty years ago . 
  if you break off from the uk , a conservative party will pop up in scotland and suddenly the relatively-conservative scots who refused point-blank to vote for thatcher 's party will remember they have principles , and vote for the most tory-esque party that emerges . 
  is re-forming the union really that unprecedented ? 
  it seems to me that the accession of the east germany to the german federal republic is a good model . 
  i think a yes vote would crush plenty of hopes too . 
  or do you think the number of scots who are proud to be british is just that small ? 
  uhh , you do realize that you ended your comment with a materialistic/economic argument , right ? 
  `` plenty of small countries manage economically '' is every bit as materialistic as `` you will not be as well off outside the union as within . '', 
  would n't separating into tiny regions just strengthen the nationalism for those regions ? 
  yeah , you might stop people from being nationalist germans , but are nationalistic rhinelanders or bavarians or brandenburgers any better ? 
  the cold war 2.0 ship sailed when the former warsaw pact states applied for nato membership . 
  as an american of lithuanian heritage and a polonophile , i think nato was correct in accepting the former warsaw pact/ussr states , but it should 've been obvious to everyone that when russia recovered from the shock of the 90s , they would seek to restore russian influence in the russian `` near abroad . '', 
  russia is now engaged in a struggle that it perceives as existential to restore some degree of control over the states to its west . 
  moscow has not been so close to foreign ( and hostile ) troops since the polish-soviet war in the early 20s . 
  moscow views the fight for ukraine as existential . 
  ukraine , which nato has already agreed in principle to accepting as a member , obviously also views it as existential . 
  nato states must also start viewing it from this perspective , because a russia empowered by victory in ukraine will be emboldened and have no reason to respect the international system that nato members have built in the last half-century . 
  good to know . 
  i was only 13 when the disaster happened , so to be honest my memory of it is kind of hazy . 
  oh , i agree , and i loathe when europeans pretend not to understand when someone says `` america , '' but i just wanted to correct you on the technicality . 
  the french republic ( la r\u00e9publique fran\u00e7aise ) , not the republic of france ( la r\u00e9publique de la france ) . 
  there was an israeli on one of the space shuttles in the us . 
  the space shuttle blew up , though , so i do n't know if he ever technically made it to `` space . '', 
  edit : his name was ilan , not islam . 
  okay , but very rarely are second-morphemes of words used in abbreviations . 
  i am american and everyone i know is shocked and appalled that that guy have a fully automatic weapon to a child . 
  he was an idiot , and that 's what everyone here thinks . 
  more like '' ** nati ** onalsozialismus . '', 
  on the other hand , they did not fight under the irish flag , and the state represented by that flag disowned and persecuted those very same soldiers . 
  i know . 
  there 's a massive quantitative and qualitative difference between orban and assad . 
  i just meant that he is positioning himself between us and an obvious enemy , and that is a classic method of securing support . 
  the army has done the same in egypt ; assad was just the first example i thought of . 
  or he 's pulling an assad ? 
  it 's harder to criticize the hungarian government for its illiberal leaning when it 's actively helping us against russia , just like it 's harder to criticize assad when the alternative is isis . 
  eh , sounds like lemmings live there . 
  lw\u00f3w all the way . 
  my favorite latin version of a city is lviv  leopolis . 
  lviv citizens are leopolitans .
