  if we desert the ukrainians , why would the japanese or koreans think we would support them against china ? 
  and if they think we wo n't support them , they 'll think they have to fight alone and will continue their massive arms race . 
  people thinking this is just about ukraine are coming at this from the wrong perspective . 
  either we go balls deep or we lose , and the west is humiliated yet again because our overwhelming military force is useless without the will to follow through . 
  every time we capitulate , we make it more likely that some other power trying to overthrow the regional balances of power that we have created will push us into giving up something we care about . 
  iran , russia , china , and the bolivarian states are all trying to upset the regional structures we 've put in place throughout and following the cold war . 
  why should they fear to confront us if we back away from all conflict ? 
  us failing to follow through and stop stuff like this is destabilizing . 
  it encourages everyone to ignore us and do what they want . 
  obviously we need to be willing to follow through . 
  but i do n't think anything more than small skirmishes would need to happen before putin would retreat . 
  humiliation would be almost as deadly as a bullet for putin . 
  show him to be a coward and his support will melt like snow in summer . 
  call his bluff , send carrier fleets into the north baltic sea and the black sea , bomb syria a couple times for good measures , and move troops into germany , and say , `` we are both obligated and willing to intervene in ukraine should military action be taken against that country . '', 
  cutting off the crimea with ships and troops on the isthmus of perekop would be ideal . 
  but you 're the one arbitrarily deciding what is `` deserved . '', 
  it seems like he 's asking for a system where * other people * do n't make as much , not * him * . 
  i still do n't see how someone having `` qualitatively different life opportunities '' affects your life at all . 
  there will always be richer people and poorer people . 
  whinging about the fact that richer people than you have nicer things than you is a constant from the bottom of society right to the top . 
  i just do n't understand why it matters if someone makes 1.5 times as much as you or 15 times or 1500 times as much as you . 
  how does that affect * you * ? 
  the answer is that it does n't . 
  it does n't affect your life at all . 
  richer people are richer . 
  why does it matter how much richer than you the richest people are ? 
  it literally wo n't change your life in the slightest to make them poorer . 
  what you advocate is envy , pure and simple . 
   ukraine was part of russia and the ussr longer than quebec has been part of canada , longer than scotland has been part of the uk scotland and england might have merged into gb in 1707 , but the personal union that brought both countries under the same monarch happened in 1603 , which is half a century before the truce of andrusovo that gave eastern ukraine to russia . 
  west-central ukraine ( between kyiv and rivne ) did n't become part of russia until 1793 , with the second partition of poland , making russian control over western ukraine younger than the british conquest of new france ( thereby making `` quebec '' part of `` canada '' ) in 1760 . 
  russian control over westernmost ukraine , including lviv and halych , is a 20th-century innovation . 
  why does it really matter to you if someone else is paid more than you think they `` ought '' to be paid ? 
  does it affect your life at all ? 
  i understand being upset that good teachers and other low-paying jobs do n't make more money , but i just ca n't wrap my mind around thinking someone makes too much money . 
  unless you 're part of their organization and the distribution of resources is directly harmful to you or to the interests of the organization , why would you care ? 
  it looks like the number inside the bar graph is total medals , but the bar graph itself is representing only gold medals : both the netherlands and germany got 8 golds and their bar is the same length , while their overall medal counts are quite different . 
   after that point the ussr government realized that without western allies they 're on their own and started delaying the war , they signed molotov-ribbentrop pact [ 2 ] which added some buffer states between ussr and germany and they obviously thought that it 'll help with delaying the war . 
  um , you ca n't just hand-wave away invading poland , estonia , lithuania , and latvia by calling it `` adding some buffer states . '', 
  you took over independent countries , undermined their governments , and annexed them . 
  that 's not `` adding buffer states . '', 
  that 's `` invading and aggressively adding territory to provide strategic depth . '', 
  all you did was move the frontline of wwii a couple hundred miles west , making the main victims wwii the poles , belarusians , ukrainians and jews instead of russians . 
  and not only did russia invade and take over those countries , but the russians systematically murdered or exiled the leadership of those countries , to render them into pliable , servant nations . 
   ussr was n't happy with it 's role of a sacrificial lamb , which `` allies '' prepared for them , so it tried to use the situation to ensure it 's own survival . 
  i ca n't believe you 're making the * soviets * out to be the victims here . 
  cry me a river . 
   it is sad and tragic and obviously wo n't win ussr any popularity contests ... yeah , like how the nazis wo n't win germany any popularity contests . 
  let 's all take a deep breath and remember that the soviets were perfectly happy to ally with the nazis when they were dividing up poland and the baltics between them . 
  or is it only `` collaboration '' when it makes the soviets look bad ? 
  if the secession plebiscite was n't approved by congress and the president first , then legally , of course they would be traitors . 
  that being said , i fully support the right of self-determination and if new yorkers wanted to bugger off , i would support that 100 % . 
  it 's mostly just downright frightening how only one side is playing chess , and the other side is just sitting there staring at the board . 
  the west lost this game , not because russia has a better hand than we do , but because we did n't play . 
  warren buffet and bill gates * could * just write big fat checks to the government in lieu of being forced into paying more taxes , but instead they choose to give their money to private charities . 
  why do you think that is ? 
  also , the animal mus n't be injured or bruised before being slaughtered , and stunning might cause bruising . 
  then that still would n't solve the pr `` problem , '' since even in that arrangement , enterprising greek politicians and other greek nationalists would demand the return of the lot . 
  and since britain would have abandoned the `` we 're better stewards of this heritage and it 's all the way over here anyway '' argument , the british would n't really have an argument any more as to why any of the elgin marbles should be in the british museum . 
  and planes are n't any safer for extremely delicate antiquities than boats . 
   if it was n't resource rich , there would be no fighting going on in the first place . 
  it probably would . 
  there 's a fairly substantial element of muslim-christian violence in the car and the conflict has escalated to the point where ethnic cleansing ( in this case , on a religious basis ) is the major fear . 
   i think something that could be fair to both countries is that the marbles are taken to greece during the summer tourist season and then around september/october brought back to uk . 
  that is a stupendous amount of time , effort , and money spent mollifying hurt greek feelings , not to mention the enormous danger of putting the marbles on a boat every six months , with all the attending packing and unpacking that accompanies shipment by sea . 
  but people called it turkey all the time . 
  kind of like how the uk is the uk , but plenty of people call it england . 
  it might be technically or legally accurate , but it is conventional usage . 
  nope , [ this paper ] ( http://ejil.oxfordjournals.org/content/12/4/751.full.pdf ) talks about the division of yugoslav debt . 
  my contribution to the american repertoire as a new englander would be [ the death of general warren at the battle of bunker 's hill , june 17 , 1775 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_death_of_general_warren_at_the_battle_of_bunker_hill ) . 
   in germany probably [ `` die proklamation des deutschen kaiserreiches '' ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/17/wernerprokla.jpg ) by anton von werner . 
  i always remember this painting and how starkly it separates otto von bismarck ( in white ) from the rest , and makes him , not the emperor , the focal point of the scene . 
   i ca n't believe you 're calling occupying our country and everything that ensued a minor and easily forgivable offense . 
  it 's more easily forgivable than the murder of a third of all frenchmen . 
  seriously , have a sense of scale . 
  only because the rockets they can build ca n't be aimed very well and the territory they 're aiming at is n't very densely populated , so the rockets normally hit fields or streets . 
  but the people of southern israel still have to run to shelters every time the rocket siren sounds , because they do n't want to be the victim of the rockets that * do * land in populated areas . 
  the rockets are filled with shrapnel , so if you were near one , you would be maimed or killed . 
  if the palestinians * could * get more powerful or more accurate rockets , they would use them . 
  the only reason the rockets `` do very little damage '' and are apparently not a concern for you ( but a quite real concern for the overwhelmingly lower-class residents of southern israel ) is because of the blockade that prevents hamas from getting better missiles and the efforts of the israeli government and populace to protect themselves using shelters . 
   first , i disagree that germans should share any guilt for ww2 either individually or collectively . 
  then i suppose we agree to disagree . 
   and possibly become our key partner in the creation of a major european political entity ? 
  you occupied us 70 years ago , too soon guys !, 
  i think there 's an obvious , prima facie difference between what the germans did to the french ( a couple of minor , local massacres and some mild inconvenience otherwise ) and what the germans did to the jews ( the absolute physical destruction of european jewish civilization ) . 
  one is an easily-forgivable offense , and one is not . 
  good grief , have none of you people ever even bothered to put yourselves in the shoes of jews ? 
  what it means to have your civilization * wiped out * ? 
  it 's not about how long ago something happened , it 's about the scale of the offense . 
  i ca n't believe you 're calling resentment at the deliberate and totally unnecessary murder of millions of people a `` petty grudge . '', 
  um , `` targeted assassinations '' is a ridiculous way to describe the utterly indiscriminate methods of killing used by palestinians . 
  rocket attacks ? 
  the rockets are unguided and launched merely in the direction of civilian centers . 
  and suicide bombers ? 
  they aim specifically to inflict the most damage on civilians . 
  banning tea in persia is about as believable as banning tea in russia or britain . 
   not my country , i just live in the uk , so i did n't make any mention of them . 
  it would have been impossible without cia/us help anyway , and would have just remained an idea ... so yes i do call out the fixer , not the idea man . 
  nah , the uk would 've done it themselves , but the iranians expelled the british diplomats who were responsible before the plan was able to be carried out . 
  we 're talking about collective or institutional guilt . 
  everyone involved in the algerian war is no longer working for the french government , but the french government continues to acknowledge responsibility for that war , despite the fact that the individuals involved are gone .
