  okay ? 
  well , you 're not a neonate , and the whole `` foreskin removal '' thing would not be a religious rite , so that 's a pretty huge difference . 
   being hostile to all of them would be a death sentence to your nation . 
  what population is suicidal enough to refuse all diplomatic relations ? 
  how is that a death sentence ? 
  diplomatic isolation never killed anyone , and if you are * really * angry about foreigners and have been worked up into a xenophobic rage , the remonstrations of foreign governments will only reinforce your anger . 
  let 's walk through an example . 
  let 's say hungary got up in a rage about gypsies . 
  the hungarian population is angry about gypsies for whatever reason and so the hungarian political class starts making angrier and angrier comments about gypsies . 
  small-scale attacks on gypsies by ethnic hungarians start to occur . 
  the echr would condemn the attacks . 
  the hungarian government responds that it can not stop all cases of vigilantism , but it is `` trying '' to hold people responsible , while simultaneously encouraging attacks with heated rhetoric . 
  the echr condemns the hungarian government 's duplicity . 
  the hungarian population feels it is being threatened by gypsies and believes it is defending itself ; the condemnations of the echr merely reinforce the belief that foreigners are trying to undermine hungarian interests . 
  the hungarian government says this outright . 
  at this point , hungarian attacks on gypsies occur frequently and in the light of day , with no intervention from police . 
  the echr again complains , but because hungary is still a member of the eu , no trade restrictions can be put on hungary . 
  some countries ' governments argue that hungary should be expelled or punished , but other countries have deeply anti-gypsy populations too , and politicians from those countries do n't want to risk their political careers defending gypsies . 
  germany , nl and sv make a lot of noise in diplomatic circles , trying to get the eu to punish hungary , but fr , ir , cz , and at defend hungary or minimize the problems . 
  after some time , attacks on gypsies are regular occurrences and most of the gypsies in hungary have fled ; the hungarian government can then claim that they are protecting the gypsies by creating `` refugee camps '' in remote areas , effectively removing the gypsy population from the cities . 
  meanwhile , the echr and the eu are powerless because divisions within the member states makes it impossible to take effective action , and the population being persecuted is unpopular throughout europe . 
   no , they do n't . 
   http://www.jewsagainstcircumcision.org/ you found a handle of jewish outsiders . 
  virtually all jews agree on this . 
  you can find amongst jews virtually any opinion ( there is a group called `` jews for jesus , '' for instance ) , but the overwhelming opinion of world jewry is that circumcision is not only okay but central to jewish identity . 
  also , jews against circumcision gives no number of members . 
  it could be one dude in his mom 's basement or 10000 people . 
  we have no idea . 
  ( and even if it were 10,000 people , which it most assuredly is not , they stand against the 10 million + jews who disagree . ), 
   de does n't have the most integrated jews here , we do . 
  i doubt the average nlers could name even 5 without the use of wikipedia/google . 
  i was just giving de as an example . 
  the most orthodox blackhats might actually be in the usa , not in israel . 
  i was just saying `` from the most orthodox to the most secular , '' and added countries for flair . 
  there 's no law against doing something outrageous . 
  no there is not . 
  but if you do something outrageous , do n't be surprised when people are outraged , and do n't pretend that what you 're doing is not outrageous . 
  i am not jewish . 
  honestly , i 'm uncomfortable with the practice of metztitzah , and i find it a little strange , but i do n't think being uncomfortable with something is just cause to ban it . 
  honestly , this aspect of the whole `` animal rights '' thing does n't really elicit any great sympathy from me . 
  we breed cows for the purpose of killing them for meat . 
  whether or not we bonk them on the head before slitting their throat seems to me to be a pointless argument . 
   the only people who will see this as controversial are those that believe a group 's primitive religious practices should trump basic human rights , and attempting to have a rational discussion with anyone like that is a lost cause . 
  the right to practice religion freely is one valued by every liberal democracy . 
  how to balance that with other rights is the decision of each polity . 
  if you want to favor the rights of the child over religious rights , that 's up to your people -- but if you do so , do n't be surprised when the religious consider you hostile to their interests and * vocalize their complaints * . 
   i would see it as a human right to not have any body modifications forced upon me . 
  and jews would see it as a religious right to circumcise their sons . 
  this is the awkwardness that comes from having a conversation in which everyone makes everything a `` right . '', 
   also , it is not targeting jews as such , it is also targeting muslims . 
  so , as long as you 're targeting * both * significant non-christian populations , it 's not a problem ? 
  the `` vampiric pedophile '' comment could have come straight from the pages of a nazi rag , and it is being upvoted to heaven like it 's the most well-reasoned , thoughtful criticism of circumcision ever offered by man . 
  if a population is hostile enough to foreigners that they persecute non-ethnic nationals in their own country , they 're not going to care what a council of foreigners says about it . 
  that does n't answer my question about what could the echr have accomplished if it had existed in the interwar period . 
  i 'm talking about the highly-upvoted top comment , whose `` vampiric pedophile '' comment could have come straight from the pages of * der st\u00fcrmer * . 
  it 's not completely unrelated . 
  i 'm talking about how jews will perceive the anti-circumcision behavior . 
  jews will certainly take past european behavior into account when they assess whether the current anti-circumcision trend is a legitimate human rights issue that just so happens to disproportionately target jews and an essential aspect of jewish identity , or whether it is deliberately targeted towards jews , or whether it is somewhere in between . 
   gandhi sure seemed to think so . 
  last time i checked , gandhi was n't an expert on judaism or islam or christianity , so he 's not a terribly reliable source . 
   i also have no problem with orthodox jews , fundamentalist hindus , maoists or neo-nazis moving elsewhere . 
  if evil is essential to your ideology you can just fuck off really . 
  jews who live here have integrated into society a long , long time ago , they wo n't care . 
  you 're missing my point . 
  my point is that this is something all jews , * even the most integrated , secular jews * , agree on . 
  if you 're going to say that any jew who circumcises his son is a primeval , stone-age idiot , then you are saying that about * almost every jew on earth * , from the most orthodox blackhats in israel to the most europeanized , integrationist secularists in germany . 
  you 're sticking your head in the sand if you think banning circumcision will not outrage the vast majority of jews . 
  jews who do n't go to synagogue , who eat bacon , who deride blackhats as `` the jewish taliban , '' will suddenly sound like judah maccabee in their defense of the brit milah . 
  listen , i 'm not going to argue about the merits of circumcision . 
  i would simply like to remind everyone of how this decision will be perceived by jews , both because of the jewish attitude towards circumcision and the european history of targeting jews for persecution . 
  this decision should not be seen by any reasonable person as uncontroversial . 
   you keep saying this but you have n't cited any specific examples , let 's hear a few of these so called `` rational '' arguments . 
  the entirety of nazi racial theory is antisemitism masked in scientific terms . 
  how is that reasoning flimsy ? 
  does europe * not * have a history of virulent antisemitism ? 
  do european antisemites * not * have a history of masking their antisemitism tirades in rational terms ? 
   then how would you describe them ? 
  they are primitive tribal beliefs . 
  infant circumcision may have served a practical purpose once , but that is n't even your argument . 
  you 're arguing that this is a fundamental aspect of their identity , their covenant with god . 
  it * is * a fundamental aspect of their identity , and an essential requirement of their covenant with god . 
   i 'm not surprised or offended , i simply think that their argument , that this decision is primarily an attack against jews , rather than an attempt to protect children , is paranoid at best and manipulative at worst . 
  is it indeed paranoid ? 
  this would not be the first time that european antisemitism masked its bigotry in `` rational '' terms . 
  jews would not be paranoid to be skeptical . 
   we do n't want to stop the practice because we hate jews , we want to stop it because we 're starting to understand that it goes the right of any person not to have his body mutilated without his or her consent . 
  that is what you say . 
  why should the jews believe you this time , when you europeans have so often before concocted some flimsy excuse to persecute them ? 
  in all seriousness , think about it : what differentiates this from any previous attempt by europeans to suppress jewish rituals ? 
  it is a shame , but not a surprise , that / r/europe would so enthusiastically endorse rank bigotry against jews . 
  maybe if you would treat jews as equals whose opinions carry as much weight as yours instead of calling their long-held beliefs `` primitive tribal practices , '' this discussion would have a very different tone . 
  you can hold that basic human rights should take precedence over religious beliefs . 
  that is your right . 
  but you should not be surprised or offended when the religious ( and indeed , the non-religious who keep the traditions of their people ) react with horror and anger to what they see as an attack on their religion and their people . 
  many if not most attacks on judaism throughout history have been presented as `` rational '' arguments , especially in the past couple of centuries . 
  this history , too , must be kept in mind when we discuss this sensitive topic . 
  every generation of rabbis for millennia has agreed that circumcision is not only allowed but necessary , so i very much doubt that will happen . 
  the much more likely result is that they will interpret this as europeans hating jews and casting them out ... again . 
  neither stoning nor beheading is seen as essential to muslim identity , so the analogy is not apt . 
   the bible is full of silly laws , sharia law is n't welcome either .
