  is singapore non-viable ? 
  is san marino , or andorra ? 
  estonia is quite a bit bigger than any iteration of `` palestine '' would be , but it 's got only a quarter of the population : is estonia `` viable ? '', 
  serious question : what do you mean when you say `` viable ? '', 
  what does that look like to you ? 
  how would annexing ariel or maaleh adumim make palestine unable to function as a state ? 
  well , different strokes for different folks , i guess . 
   whenever netanyahu humiliates abbas , that puts the lives of both israelis and palestinians in danger by making a peace deal more difficult . 
  what about when abbas humiliates netanyahu ? 
  why are the israelis the only ones expected to behave ? 
  the palestinians are treated like spoilt children by the international community . 
   whenever i read about water shortages for palestinians , my own feelings against them harden . 
  and whenever i read about [ shit like this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/itamar_attack ) , my sympathy for palestinians dries up real quick . 
   so if everybody understand this , why announce new settlements during the talks ? 
  how does that protect israeli lives ? 
  because the palestinian leadership gains nothing from a peace treaty , and settlements are the only way to impose on them the importance of not letting this go on too long . 
  they 're already basically in charge of the overwhelming majority of the palestinians , and because they 're `` occupied , '' the international community politely ignores the fact that they rule completely undemocratically , and continues to give them diplomatic support and , more importantly , hundreds of millions of dollars . 
  if the palestinians become `` independent , '' what will happen to the palestinian leadership ? 
  they 'll be expected to hold free and fair elections ( ones that they will lose , given the resentment towards the rampant corruption in the palestinian authority ) , and the money tap will be turned off . 
  if they want international money , it 'll be * loans * , with associated legal responsibilities , not free grants that they can direct into their own pockets . 
  governing an independent palestine , with much less international cash flowing in and more expectations of governing responsibly , and with the possibility of civil war from people who will invariably reject whatever compromises the peace treaty imposes , is not an attractive outcome for palestinian leaders . 
  so what do the settlements do ? 
  they provide a threat that the longer the palestinian leaders dither about and refuse to make peace , the less they 'll get for peace . 
  the israelis do n't want to uproot their own citizens , so they 're going to push to get many of the major settlement blocs in the peace treaty as possible . 
  the number of `` major '' settlement blocs only increases with time , though . 
  ariel , for example , is deep in the heart of the west bank , but it 's not yet considered big enough to be annexed to israel in a peace treaty . 
  but if israelis can successfully settle a stretch of land connecting ariel to `` israel proper , '' why * would n't * the israelis demand the annexation of that entire strip ? 
  maaleh adumim , east of the arab neighborhoods of jerusalem on the eastern side of the green line , is not big enough now to necessarily demand annexation to israel . 
  but if enough jews live in and around those arab neighborhoods of jerusalem , and there is a solid connection of jewish-inhabited neighborhoods to maaleh adumim , there is no way the israelis would allow those neighborhoods to be given to palestine in the peace deal . 
   they seems to be operating with a overly vague ( or should i say paranoid ? ), 
  definition of who is friendly and who is hostile . 
  friends are n't friends forever . 
  germany may have been cuddly with the us for the past half-century , but what happens when germany realizes it can hitch france 's resentment to us primacy in the west to the eu bandwagon and throws the full diplomatic and economic weight of the eu against the us ? 
  that 's not impossible or even improbable . 
  germany is a serious power with interests that are n't always aligned with the us ' . 
  in all seriousness , how would * you * define who is friendly and who is hostile ? 
  does `` friendly '' mean agreement on every issue or just most ? 
  what if they 're mostly friendly but oppose a limited number of high-importance issues ( like when germany refused to join us in iraq ) ? 
  do you think we should wait for the day that germany declares war on us ( again ) before we start spying on them ? 
  if you 're saying the definition is overly vague ( or even paranoid ) , then what is the definition * you * use ? 
   but i want to be spied on by `` my '' intelligence agency , not by the nsa , who have no need whatsoever of spying at me . 
  as an american , this idea baffles me . 
  my country 's intelligence agencies should n't be spying on me . 
  i am a citizen , and the social contract is between the state and its citizens . 
  i expect * not * to be spied on , in exchange for taxes and the other duties i render to the state . 
  the state * should * be spying on foreigners , and only americans when absolutely necessary for national defense . 
  the idea that foreigners ought to have greater protection from my country 's intelligence agencies than the state 's own citizens is nuts . 
  germany has one of the best spy agencies in the world . 
  what , exactly , do you think they 're doing all day ? 
  this is great , though i think it 's pretty obvious the choreographer is standing camera left because they 're all staring in that direction . 
  eyes forward , big smiles next time !, 
  while we 're drawing useful comparisons between the holocaust and the israeli-palestinian conflict , please allow me to point out that the contrast in scale of what happened is also not lost on israelis . 
  the shoah saw the murder of the majority of european jews . 
  all that human capital , the knowledge , the shared culture , is * gone * . 
  completely . 
  you ca n't bring back the dead . 
  the einsteins , the maimonides , the mendelssohns , who might have come from european jewry are gone . 
  in contrast , the palestinian refugees were * not * killed . 
  only a tiny percentage of the palestinian population was killed in the israeli-palestinian conflict ( or the palestinian civil war prior to the establishment of the state of israel ) . 
  all those palestinian lives were n't turned into ash and dust : they moved to lebanon . 
  or syria , or jordan , or egypt . 
  the palestinians retain almost all of the human capital that existed before the flight of 1948/9 . 
  there 's no comparison in the scale of devastation . 
  9 out of 10 doctors agree : losing your home is less of a big deal than dying permanently . 
  frankly , i think people underestimate the collective trauma that jews went through , and people do not , generally , speak lightly of the holocaust . 
  there are fewer jews today than there were in 1939 ; but there are ten times as many palestinians as there were in 1949 . 
  it is almost impossible to overstate the zealousness with which israeli jews protect the lives of their own , or the sense of duty which they have towards jews generally . 
  if their zeal to defend their own makes them ( slightly ) callous towards others ( i charge i would also deny : israel makes pretty extraordinary efforts to keep their security regime as limited as they feel safe doing ) , then honestly , i could n't blame them . 
  yeah , it kind does look unfinished . 
  all that shows is that the exterior shells of the buildings are done . 
  we know nothing about what 's inside . 
  two weeks before , that place should be spick and span . 
  what are all the trucks and temporary housing doing in the parking lots ? 
  what could they be doing ? 
  they should be doing sound checks on the mics and making finishing touches on the decorations , not things that require such large storage units around . 
  good to know . 
  thank you for the explanation !, 
  okay . 
  thank you !, 
  okay , but is there a political context of who uses the flag with the trident versus those who use the flag without ? 
  or is it pretty much arbitrary ? 
  yes , but is there a significance to using a flag with that symbol versus the standard ukrainian flag ? 
  is there a significance for the ukrainian flag defaced with the trident-looking thing in the first picture ? 
  because words and phrases change meaning . 
  it 's not that big a semantic leap , either : from being hurled against communists for believing in policies based on the whims of the cp , it started being used against academics and journalists ( who tend to lean left ) for acting in a certain way in order to make a political point . 
  either way , it 's an accusation of intellectual honesty being subjugated by politics . 
  the accusation of `` political correctness '' in the context of racism is that people who want others to be `` politically correct '' are either a ) acting contrary to their own beliefs to associate with a larger political body ; or b ) attempting to censor open debate by insisting that everyone adhere to a specific , `` correct '' belief ( a belief that is based on political orientation ) . 
  essentially , yes , it 's often used to imply that people who are * demonstratively * `` anti-racist '' are doing so to make a political point , and not because they are actually not bigoted . 
  actually , `` politically correct '' was popularized as a pejorative against socialists and communists ( sometimes by socialists ) who adhered to the `` party line : '' that is , they considered something to be `` correct '' on the basis of whether it were approved by their political representatives ( the communist party ) , not on the basis of its factual correctness . 
  as a polophile with a serious chip on his shoulder about russia that is totally unrelated to their stance on lgbt issues , i understand being skeptical of putin . 
  but i think that accusing all homophobes of being closet gays is destructive and we should stop doing it . 
  it is invariably done with such a maliciously delighted tone of voice . 
  if homophobes are indeed closeted gays , then they deserve compassion , not ridicule . 
  if you think they do n't deserve compassion because they are being bigoted , then i think y' all motherfuckers need jesus . 
  turn the other cheek , and let he who is without sin cast the first stone . 
  as someone who used to be a closeted gay ( though not a homophobic one ) , coming out of the closet is about accepting yourself . 
  creating an environment where accusations of being gay are used as an insult ( in this case , insulting homophobes for hypocrisy ) is not being helpful . 
   my point is , none of the major allies were exactly tripping over each other to accept a bunch of jewish holocaust survivors into their country , despite the fact that their refusal to accept jewish refugees at the beginning of the war contributed to the death of millions . 
  well , accepting a bunch of jewish refugees was unpopular because a ) newsflash , nobody liked jews ; and b ) accepting jewish refugees would n't bring back those millions of dead jews . 
  in hindsight , accepting jewish refugees before the war would have saved potentially thousands of jews ; accepting jewish refugees after the war would have done nothing .
