  both must be followed to the letter by true believers , though . 
  this is simply untrue . 
  rabbinic judaism does not literally follow the bible . 
  the highest authority in rabbinic judaism are the rabbis who * interpret * the torah . 
  rabbis made things like stoning or slavery basically illegal ( even if sanctioned by the literal word of the torah ) at least a millennium ago , by setting such stringent rules for their use that they would never happen . 
  the same , in fact , is true of sharia law , though many of the more problematic elements have not been so effectively proscribed . 
   as i admitted , maybe that 's just a perspective i lack since i 'm not really familiar with judism as such , and my own lutheran upbringing was pretty light on religious dogma , but i still think this response is blown way out of proportion . 
  this * is * a perspective you lack , and i was giving it to you . 
  simply put , the jews will not change a ritual twice as old as the norse settlement of iceland because a handful of countries bans the practice . 
  jews have been expelled from countries many times throughout history , sometimes explicitly ( `` jews are no longer allowed in england '' ) and sometimes indirectly ( `` kosher slaughter is no longer allowed in the rhineland '' ) . 
  this would merely the latest in a long line of indirect expulsions . 
  or , in other words , why should the jews change their heritage to adapt to a law in only a small number of countries ? 
  if you were a jew , convinced that circumcision is essential to your identity as a jew , would you abandon the tradition of your father and forefathers down to the loins of abraham , or would you just move somewhere else ? 
  which do you think is easier : to forsake your child 's link to you and your fathers , or to get a work visa for a country that will allow you to continue living as your people have done for thousands of years ? 
  so long as you all honestly acknowledged that your position is that jews are not welcome in europe as they are , that is up to you . 
  i merely want you to be honest about what you 're saying . 
  what if there was a council during the interbellum ? 
  what would it have changed ? 
  americans do n't consider being circumcised to be essential to our identity as americans . 
  jews are circumcised on the 8th day of their lives . 
  not in 18th year . 
  that is how all jews have begun their lives for millennia , and that is how almost all jews see the practice . 
  it is not optional . 
  i am not going to debate the value of circumcision itself . 
  what i am saying is that the reality of jews ' attachment to circumcision must be acknowledged here . 
  you simply can not ignore it in the context of this discussion without dismissing the opinion of the entirety of european jewry . 
  it is considered to be essential to the religion -- indeed , to jewish identity generally -- by almost every jew on earth . 
   so because we do n't allow fgm islam is n't welcome , because we disallow discrimination based on birth hinduism is n't welcome and because we do n't allow witch-burnings christianity is n't welcome ? 
  none of those practices is considered to be * essential * to any of those religions . 
   a huge part of the ot is yahweh describing how you should build him a temple and sacrifice to him , it 's absolutely essential to him - have you ever heard of a jew doing that ? 
  rabbinic judaism has reconciled itself with the end of the temple . 
  but there was a single temple , and it was destroyed . 
  the practice of temple worship was ended all at once . 
  a handful of countries outlawing circumcision will not end circumcision , but it will convince jews in those countries to move elsewhere . 
  unless the country does n't care what some silly foreigners think . 
  of course , it may be done with the best of intentions , but to the vast majority of jews who have no intention of stopping the practice of brit milah , there is no way to interpret this other than as a statement that judaism -- as it has been practiced for millennia -- is no longer welcome in europe . 
  what people here seem not to understand is that circumcision is considered an essential aspect of judaism , not only by orthodox jews , but by almost everyone who considers himself a jew of any kind . 
  banning circumcision , or threatening to do so , is not perceived as a threat to orthodox jews . 
  it is perceived as a threat to the way of life for * all * jews . 
  so , the question remains : will europe be a place where jews can be jews , or will it be a place that forbids the only practice of judaism that is universally accepted within judaism to be the symbol of the jewish covenant with god ? 
  regardless of your motives , if you forbid the practice that makes a jew a jew , then the only solution for jews who want their children to be jews is to leave , and go where they are welcome . 
  the echr would n't prevent a holocaust , it would merely pronounce afterward that the holocaust that preceded was morally abhorrent for x , y , and z reasons . 
  it might have sanctioned germany for the nuremberg laws , but it could not have prevented babi yar or ponary or majdanek , which were the true substance of the holocaust . 
  we 're still being required to purchase something which we otherwise might not have wanted to purchase immediately . 
  having the option to choose an insurance company is like being offered a choice of which thief to be robbed by . 
  i am benefiting from the aca as i was ( thank god ) able to be put on my mom 's insurance for a couple more years , but i think in principle , it 's a dangerous precedent . 
  i do n't have a problem with the principle of legislative power . 
  i have a problem with the idea that the legislature can compel us to * purchase things * from private companies just because it says it 's in our best interest to do so . 
  the possibility that that can be abused is far too great . 
  i do n't have a problem with it -- other than with the principle that the government can force us to buy anything so long as it says it 's for the public good -- but i do insist that people be honest about the aca does and does not do . 
  they have n't shut down the country . 
  the vast majority of people in america are completely unaffected by a shutdown of the federal government , since `` essential services '' like mail and other day-to-day services still keep going . 
  also , the aca does n't `` give people healthcare . '', 
  it * forces people to buy health insurance * . 
  that 's not the same thing . 
   frankly , that you are blabbering about eternal damnation , it is for an atheist like me sort of like you are threatening me with the tooth fairy , i am not saying that children brought up without a religion will meet with eternal damnation . 
  i am , however , saying that there are many , many people who believe that , and any policy regarding children and religion will have to deal with the reality of those people 's opinions . 
   i do not know of a single country in the world ( north korea perhaps ) and certainly none in europe , that is even attempting to enforce your ideas , so how could i answer questions about something that is happening in your mind only . 
  uh , it 's called a `` hypothetical . '', 
  the op suggested that we ban people from raising children in a religion and force everyone to wait until majority to choose religion if they want to . 
  what i am trying to do is to get people to think about what that really means , what the consequences of such a law would be . 
  i know no country is actually banning people from being raised religiously , but i 'm trying to get people to think about why , * if they did so * , it would be a bad idea . 
  do you understand what i 'm getting at ? 
   i answered your question with regards to genital mutilation . 
  if you are interested in that , i 'll answer . 
  the conversation was not about genital mutilation . 
  it was about raising children in a religion . 
  i assumed that your discussion about how the ban on fgm is enforced was an analogy with how you thought a ban on raising kids in a religion would be enforced . 
  evidently , i was incorrect , because you were n't making an analogy , you were just saying something only tangentially related to the conversation at hand . 
  well , as a person with what i think is a moderate amount of religion , i find the idea of being prevented from raising my children in that religion to be deeply abhorrent . 
  i can understand wanting to prevent kids from being raised as young-earth creationists ... but at the same time , being a young-earth creationist is not a crime , nor should it be one . 
  the fact that op is being upvoted for suggesting a law that would make it a crime for me to bringing my hypothetical future kids to church with me is truly frightening . 
  sorry , but i 'm having a hard time keeping calm about this post because the op has such a positive upvote/downvote ratio despite his idea being both stupidly impractical and villainously tyrannical . 
  anyway , i was merely answering the hypothetical responses you gave . 
  even people * trying * to think about how such a policy would be enforced ca n't give good answers , and i needed to point that out . 
   in sweden , like the law we have against female mutilation . 
  if the parents choose to mutilate their childs genitals , ( or frankly , mutilate their child in any way ) they will be prosecuted and go to jail . 
  also , obviously , loose custody of said child and perhaps siblings , and pay damage to the child . 
  that goes even if they go abroad and do it , and then return . 
  i guess they could permanently move abroad never to return if it is very important for them to permanently damage their child , but i expect most of them would stop . 
  okay , but bringing a child to church does n't leave the kind of physical evidence left by fgm . 
  how would the state know that the child was being brought up with a religious upbringing ? 
  doctors are inclined to report girls who have been victims of fgm , because it is harmful to the patient even aside from being illegal . 
  but do you think ministers who believe that those children face eternal damnation ( or at least the loss of the future of the church ) will report parents who bring their kids to church ? 
  the ministers and the churchgoing population will generally be united in refusal to reject their children from churches . 
  you 're not answering the question . 
  what will enforcement of this policy look like ? 
  how would the state actually know about parents giving their kids a religious upbringing ? 
  what evidence would they use in court to prove their case ? 
  is `` cultural religion '' okay ? 
  when the state goes to prosecute an `` abuse '' case , what will their case look like ? 
  what will the sentence sound like ? 
  i missed it . 
  do you remember what they said ? 
   put an age restriction on attendance to religious services and enforce them the same way other restrictions on the purchase of goods/services is restricted . 
  so , what , you 'll have father jack check everyone 's id at the door of the church ? 
  do you expect ministers to turn away their flock ? 
  if the minister of a church refuses to obey , do you throw him in jail ? 
  if the ministers of every church in the country refuse to keep out children , will you imprison the entirety of the clergy ? 
  will you put a cop at the door of every church to check ids ?
