  that 's what being a separate language family means . 
  though , finnish , estonian , and hungarian do n't form a family on their own : they are related to sami , nenets , karelian , etc. . 
  sweden  scandinavia playthroughs are the * best * . 
   one of my professors in university said that nowadays even estonian kids dont speak correctly in their own native language . 
  this complaint has been made since cicero was bitching about it in rome . 
  people can still communicate just fine . 
  uh , i live in the us and i have never seen pay-with-sms for parking . 
  i was so excited because the parking lot next to my therapists ' now lets me pay by credit card . 
  i am * so * envious right now . 
  you have to list 3 beautiful cities in the east and you name * moscow * as one of them ? 
  ouch . 
  i never claimed that no poles at all collaborated , but i do maintain that it is * ludicrous * to compare the almost negligible amount of polish collaboration with the great deal of passive * and active * support that the nazis received in other parts of europe . 
  the british allowed some jewish immigration , but they also clamped down on it and actively deported jews who illegally immigrated to palestine , many of whom were fleeing eastern and central europe in the 1930s . 
  british policy was decidedly pro-arab for the duration of the mandate . 
  it can only be considered * not * pro-arab by people who think it was unfair for the british to have allowed any jews at all to immigrate to the ancient jewish homeland . 
   the us is currently to blame considering the ridiculous amount if foreign aid given to israel . 
  only if that foreign aid has been the decisive factor in keeping israel around or maintaining its policy towards the palestinians , which is untrue . 
  the israeli policy towards the palestinians is fundamentally based on the geographic reality of the region and the security concerns of israel 's ruling elite ; these would be no less real ( actually , more acute ) if the us gave israel no foreign at all . 
   until the nation of israel was created there was no such thing as an israeli . 
  funding/support for israel was from 100 % foreign sources and jews from the uk/us had a huge share of it . 
  until the declaration of the state of israel , there were no israelis , but there were jews in palestine , and they were the key agents here . 
  they set up and managed the institutions that would become the state of israel ; they set up and manned the militias that would become the idf ; they settled the land and created the communities that would provide the manpower and tax base for israel . 
  i 'm not splitting hairs here . 
  you made a controversial claim and i am demonstrating that it is incorrect . 
  of course jews in palestine did receive funding from the us and uk , but just throwing money at a group does n't decide its success or failure . 
  well , for many standardized languages , the nationalist intelligentsia generally just picked a prestige dialect , maybe made a few minor lexical changes , and called that `` the standard language . '', 
  there is no way to define `` true english '' without arbitrarily excluding some dialects . 
   admittedly american english is easier to learn , but it 's not true english . 
  all natively-spoken english is `` true english . '', 
  also , for the specific example of `` nationalization , '' the `` z '' more accurately reflects the pronunciation of the word than would `` s. '', 
   i said `` funding '' , not primary responsibility for existence . 
  you said :  the us and uk are to blame for whats happening to the palestinians . 
  hitler had nothing to do with it . 
  how is that not assigning responsibility for the palestinians ' condition to the us and uk ? 
  what other interpretation could there be ? 
   do you think that jews just had an idea and walked into palestine empty handed and got what they wanted ? 
  there were several uk banks that funded israeli settlements . 
  they had huge support from the west , from jews and christians . 
  a quick google search can tell you that . 
  the us started sending aid to israel starting in the late 40 's , that is a fact . 
  jewish-british bankers ( like the rothschilds or the montefiores ) bought land for the zionist endeavour , but there was no substantial assistance by non-jewish british institutions other than symbolic statements made by hm government . 
  and where is the idea that the jews had `` huge support from the west ? '', 
  the only military aid the jews received during the war of independence was from stalin ( via czechoslovakia ) . 
  i admit that i was wrong . 
  the us did send some aid to israel beginning right after independence . 
  however , this was small-scale , entirely non-military before 1959 , and america was funding arab allies as much if not more at the same time , so that aid does n't reflect any particular favoritism towards israel in that time period . 
  do you have any sources that specifically indicate that `` uk and us zionist groups with the help of both governments ** provided most of the funding for israel ** '' ? 
  just listing off names of zionist groups in the uk and us does n't do anything for your argument , since those names do n't tell us how significant their fundraising efforts were against the other sources of israel 's funding . 
  also , the lodge-fish resolution was a purely symbolic gesture that literally did * nothing * for israel . 
  it caused exactly zero dollars or guns or people to go to the jews of british palestine . 
  the un partition plan was * never implemented * . 
  supporting it was a nice gesture by the us , but no actual aid was given to the jews of palestine . 
  and no aid was given by the us government for * decades * because there was an arms embargo on israel until the 60s . 
  of course israel has had some support from jews in the us and uk from the beginning , and it has had some support from the governments ever since 1956 ( for the uk ) and the 1970s ( for the us ) , but it is simply not true that the primary responsibility for israel 's existence ( and the palestinians ' plight ) belongs to the us and uk . 
  that is , frankly , absurd . 
  uh , * poland * ? 
  last time i checked , the polish government never surrendered to the nazis , the polish population overwhelmingly resisted the nazis ( and the soviets ) , and poland is the country with the largest number of righteous among the nations ( i.e. 
  people who risked their lives to save jews ) . 
  western europeans were certainly guilty of collaborating with the germans , but it 's ridiculous to put the dutch or french -- who were never threatened existentially as groups -- on par with the poles , who the nazis planned to destroy entirely and who tried pretty hard to get there . 
  edit : collaboration was n't an entirely western european practice : the baltics and some groups in ukraine very enthusiastically helped the germans with their anti-jewish and especially anti-polish crusade . 
  but those peoples were operating in a different environment , where they were already experiencing russian tyranny and saw the germans as , if not liberators , then at least a reprieve from russian/soviet oppression . 
  uh , source ? 
  excepting chaim weizmann ( who was , admittedly , instrumental in securing the balfour declaration ) , most of the founders of israel were from eastern europe . 
  us and uk jews did n't really get on board with the zionist project until after 1967 . 
  the groundwork done in palestine to settle and establish the institutions that would become the jewish state was done by eastern european jews . 
  support from american and british jews was minimal and support from either government basically nonexistent . 
  uh , that 's not really true at all . 
  the plight of the palestinians is largely the fault of the israelis , the palestinians , and the hejazi jordanian monarchy that maintains power over a majority-palestinian population . 
  the us was barely involved with the founding of israel and israel really exists * despite * the efforts of the uk , not because of them . 
  catholics are certainly important , but not * as * important as the evangelical protestants . 
  there 's certainly no equivalency between the catholics and , say , the episcopalians or congregationalists , who are extremely marginal . 
  you 're correct in your assessment . 
  i did it in 1:08.7 and the only reason it took so long was because i 'm using a touchpad and not a mouse . 
  well there 's obviously * some * , but they 're not a substantial proportion of the population . 
  and in the us , evangelicals are `` loud '' because they make up about a quarter of the population of the country . 
  `` evangelical '' in germany refers to the official lutheran church , the evangelische kirche deutschland . 
  `` evangelicals '' in the american sense are virtually nonexistant in germany . 
  i 'm from new england , where the vast majority of people are catholic , but pretty much everyone here is pretty relaxed about religion : most people are `` christmas and easter christians '' or `` cafeteria catholics . '', 
  if you 're talking about america as a whole , protestants in general and evangelicals and baptists in particular are the most important groups , religiously speaking . 
  i agree that your idea of `` mainline protestants ( episcopalians , methodists etc. ), 
  < catholics < evangelicals '' is broadly correct , though . 
  the majority of americans belong to various protestant churches ; roman catholics are a minority . 
  and generally , the most fervently religious parts of the country are either protestant evangelicals or baptists . 
  catholics tend to be more relaxed about religion , though still quite devout compared to europe . 
  in all sincerity : if the government offers tax breaks or other benefits like next-of-kin notification to married couples , do you think there should be a way for gay couples to get recognized to have those benefits as well if their relationship is n't officially sanctioned as a `` marriage '' by the government ? 
  i 'm of the opinion that the label does n't really matter ( and as marriage is typically recognized as a sacrament , the government should n't be in the business of recognizing religious sacraments anyway ) so long as adult , monogamous couples of any orientation have access to the same material benefits given to straight couples . 
  america is n't a country of 300 million ethnically homogeneous nordics . 
  the measure of america 's success is that it started with a few hundred thousand englishmen and scots and managed to unite millions of irish , german , italian , jewish , japanese , chinese , and other immigrants into one semicohesive culture that embraces the ideas of eighteenth-century englishmen . 
  if you think success is just from being big and populous , you 're missing the point . 
  i do n't think the majority of americans think of turks as europeans , so this probably would n't prove anything . 
  saying `` europeans and turks have different reaction to things '' is like saying `` israelis and japanese see things differently ! '', 
  if you wanted to poit out how different europeans are to one another , try showing your friends examples of how norwegians and swedes ( or other cultures we see as being very similar ) react differently to things . 
  it 's worth pointing out that almost 20 % of israelis are , in fact , muslim arabs , and there are a few more percentage points of non-muslim arabs . 
  moreover , many jewish israelis work and live ( and fight and die ) side-by-side with muslim arabs who are loyal to the state of israel . 
  israelis do n't have as much a problem with islam or islamists as with palestinians or palestinian nationalists . 
  the israeli-palestinian conflict is a national conflict over territory , not a religious dispute . 
  israelis and palestinians competing for jerusalem are like poles and lithuanians competing for wilno in the 20s and 30s . 
  the costs of the us president far exceed his personal salary . 
  the president has palaces ( the white house ) and estates ( camp david ) like the british monarchs ; the president has an entire security team dedicated to not only his safety but the safety of his entire family , 24/7 ; the president hosts fancy dinner parties and other events for foreign heads of state ; every expense of the royal family is matched by a similar cost for a president . 
  moreover , we have coronations ( inaugurations ) every 4 years instead of every 40 .
