  obama has n't done any better : just because his failures have not been as dramatic as a war does n't mean he has n't fucked up our international position , to say nothing of the shitshow that is his primary domestic legislation . 
  obama 's first term was spent reaching out to our enemies ( russia , china , the arab world ) , while alienating our allies ( pissing off the uk , israel , saudi arabia ) , and how did that work out for us ? 
  russia , china , and iran do n't take us the least bit seriously . 
  that is dangerous : as soon as other countries think they can get away with working outside of those international institutions that we set up , they will do so , and the world will rapidly become a more dangerous place . 
  to be entirely honest , 6 % is a surprisingly high number of lutherans for a country i think most people identify as solidly catholic . 
  it 's not a one-time punishment : encouraging separatist movements means that the country affected now has a `` border dispute , '' which is a mark of cain against joining military alliances . 
  nato , for instance , will not admit potential members with outstanding boundary disputes . 
  for russia , preventing countries like ukraine and moldova from joining nato is almost as good as directly vassalizing them , since a ukraine or moldova that is not under nato protection is just as vulnerable to russian intervention as a ukraine or moldova that has a treaty with russia legally allowing said intervention ( as with the warsaw pact ) . 
  do the irish really punch above their weight ? 
  what do they * do * , internationally ? 
  also eastern pomerania and lower silesia . 
  i think there 's a fundamental difference between telling people certain tools or methods are off-limits and telling people that their goal itself is off-limits . 
  almost everyone agrees that some rules are necessary . 
  i disagree that the ideal of communism is indeed utopian . 
  it is dystopian . 
  a communist future is based on a foundation of presumed consent . 
  it can not survive dissent , which is why , in practice , it rests on violence to preserve the status quo . 
  humans will never unanimously buy into a system that tells them they can not acquire more than they need ( and they will certainly reject a system whereby a few people can acquire more than they need while everyone else plays by the rules ) , so an `` ideal '' communist future necessarily involves silencing dissent by force . 
  which is why jews did just fine in the ranks of bolshevik russia , right ? 
  oh right , until they were systematically purged . 
  guess the far-left 's class sympathies do n't extend to the * whole * proletariat . 
  tell that to the chinese and cuban intellectuals who were shot , or at best sent to `` re-education '' camps . 
  that `` middle of nowhere '' is like , an hour and a half , tops , from tel aviv . 
  and most `` settlers '' live in suburbs of jerusalem , no further away from the city enter than abu ghosh , in `` israel proper . '', 
  only if the `` region '' is just israel and the palestinian territories . 
  the `` linkage '' argument ( that the israeli-palestinian conflict keeps the broader middle east region destabilized ) is totally bogus . 
  syria is n't in a firestorm because of israel . 
  iran and saudi arabia are n't locked in a cold war over the region because of israel . 
  the kurdish insurgencies are not happening because of israel . 
  israel is in an unstable region : blaming that instability on israeli settlers is simply stupid . 
  i 'm more peeved about his insistence that 100 % of the chemical weapons are being handed over and destroyed , when it 's plain to everyone that assad is just using the us as a free way to dispose of his old , expired chemical weapons while keeping the good stuff . 
  obviously . 
  but the `` homophobes are closet homos '' accusation is almost always leveled at men . 
  in fact , i 've never heard it used against a woman . 
  uniate or old believer ? 
  canada is more populous than australia . 
  pretty sure `` lesbians are hot '' and `` closeted gay '' are not often thoughts that go together in the same person . 
  the best evidence of the worth of a defensive alliance is that you have not been attacked , and when people suggest that you might be attacked , you can confidently dismiss those claims as unrealistic . 
  edit : i thought you were czech . 
  anyway , canada shares the us ' values of individual liberty and liberal democracy . 
  nato is the way we ensure that states in europe that share those principles are not attacked . 
  you 're not neutral if you 're already in nato : you 're just ingrates who wo n't pull their weight and wo n't make compromises to accommodate their allies . 
  britain went to war with argentina because argentina invaded and tried to annex a piece of sovereign british territory . 
  the argentinian move was as much a direct attack on britain as pearl harbor was on america . 
  i like abba though !, 
  you misunderstood me . 
  how * many * people care ? 
  how numerous are these `` gaelic speakers and nationalists ? '', 
  how many people can they mobilize in an election ? 
  why should the government of a country of almost 70 million people care about a relative handful of gaelic speakers ? 
  well if the scottish parliament made a big deal out of it , i 'm sure something could be done . 
  the question is : does anyone really care about this ? 
  does it motivate enough scots that it can be an electoral issue ? 
  because if nobody really cares , i do n't think you can blame westminster for not caring either . 
  well , this does n't seem like an insurmountable problem . 
  why does n't the scottish government lobby the uk government to do the same for gaelic that they did for welsh ? 
  is there an impediment to the scottish parliament doing so now ? 
  it seems like if the welsh parliament could change the legal status of their language , the scottish parliament could also do so . 
  because not all interests are corporate interests ? 
  and sometimes corporate interests are also strategically important ? 
  and sometimes it is n't about this situation now but about sending a message to other agitators that their behavior will not be tolerated ? 
  technically , poland , ukraine , and belarus did most of the dying , * not * russia . 
  wake up dorothy , this is n't oz . 
  * poland * was our ally on the eastern front . 
  that is the reason britain and france went to war . 
  the ussr was merely the enemy of our enemy . 
  of course you do , that 's called `` international politics . '', 
  if your interests are threatened , you act ( militarily ) to defend them . 
  are you being facetious or do you really not know the song ? 
  your career as a writer is already inspiring . 
  um , how is american culture `` pseudo-culture ? '', 
  please , brave european , enlighten me with your superior cultural taste . 
  spoonful . 
  it was the capital for hundreds of years and its name is officially royal capital city krak\u00f3w . 
  i think the royal capital city krak\u00f3w would beg to differ . 
   tell you what , based on the violence that happened to people i know in their own homes by burglars , i ca n't in any way condemn the use of force to prevent burglaries in their own homes . 
  fun fact : in jewish law , if you found a burglar in your house during the day , you could not use deadly force against the burglar , but if you caught a burglar in your house during the night , you could use deadly force . 
  the reasoning : a burglar might assume that people are gone during the day , so he is not intending to hurt anyone ; but at night , the burglar would have to assume that people are at home and sleeping , so he is intending to harm them to rob the house . 
  just fyi , american `` ministers '' ( i.e. 
  cabinet members ) are called `` secretaries . '', 
  so our `` defense minister '' is the `` secretary of defense . '', 
  they are not navy bases . 
  the biggest ones are hundreds of miles from the ocean in germany . 
  also because azerbaijan hates iran almost as much as we do . 
  iran has ( i think ) an even bigger azeri population than azerbaijan itself . 
  latin did n't fade , it became french , portuguese , spanish , etc. 
  `` latin '' ( subject to hundreds of years of phonetic and vocabulary changes ) is spoken by hundreds of millions of people today . 
  they are not cheap at all . 
  they only seem cheap because they 're subsidized so heavily in europe . 
  we 're too busy pissing money away subsidizing biofuels to piss away money subsidizing solar anyway . 
  as `` poles , '' they were `` repatriated '' ( that is , expelled ) to communist poland , where they were sent to the areas taken from germany whose german population had been expelled ( eastern pomerania , silesia , southern east prussia ) to repopulate those areas with poles . 
  if they knew those jews were going to be expelled anyway -- since the germans were pretty specific about that -- why was it so awful for the zionists to make a deal that those expelled jews would be directed towards a jewish community that wanted then , instead of to some western country where they 'd be turned away ? 
  the `` americans are dumb and fat '' stereotype is mouthed by europeans to a ridiculous degree . 
  it just stings because our stereotypes of europeans tend to be good ( sophisticated , worldly , etc. 
  ; though also godless , non-individualistic , etc. 
  where we actually earned it , unlike in europe , where the worst we did was refuse to fight the soviet union to liberate them after the bloodiest war in the history of earth ( except the westerners , who still do n't like us for really no good reason ) . 
  britain 's definition of `` nearly destroyed '' ( few neighborhoods of london bombed ) and poland 's definition ( warsaw completely leveled , loss of one-fifth of the population ) must be very different . 
  that sounds like perfectly fine english to me . 
  i think my brother those exact words earlier today . 
  it took poland weeks to fall , during which time france and the uk did nothing of any significance to stop the german campaign in poland .
