  the uk and france declared war on germany because germany invaded poland . 
  criticizing the allies for failing to `` liberate '' spain , though , is simply ridiculous . 
  again , of course . 
  as an american of lithuanian descent and a polophile , i both hope and * believe * that you are correct in this matter . 
  russia has become a petrostate falling off a demographic cliff . 
  aside from a potential to lash out angrily ( but feebly ) , russia will not be in a power of relative strength compared to any significant part of nato for decades at least . 
  a slip is a thin dress worn under a real dress . 
  true , but the languages i listed are all related to finnish and not the indo-european languages . 
  of course . 
  power structures are never permanent . 
  there was a time when polish dominion over lithuania , belarus and ukraine seemed unassailable . 
  russian leaders know that one day the transatlantic alliance will fail , and they hope it will be soon . 
  when it does , they believe they will face little resistance reestablishing their control over their near abroad . 
  edit : typos due to ipod . 
  estonian , hungarian , and sami are not indo-european languages either : they are all related to finnish . 
  i thought we had only invaded each twice ? 
  canada during the revolutionary war and the war of 1812 , and mexico during the mexican-american war and the mexican revolution ? 
   i always come away thinking that the russian threat is exagerrated . 
  and that the idea that russia is actively trying to , or would desire to , rule over large swathes of europe again is also exaggerated . 
  i know it is me who is full of shit when it comes to that opinion , but i just can not really get fully convinced that russia is the evil entity it is made out to be . 
  i think there 's a logical leap in your interpretation . 
  russia does not seek influence or control over its neighbors because it is evil . 
  it does so because it is afraid . 
  the russian leadership , ever since the grand principality of muscovy united the russians under one banner , has operated in a world without walls , and that is a very scary place to be . 
  russia is a steppe . 
  it has no natural barriers . 
  britain has a moat ; france has the pyrenees and the alps to guard its flanks ; even poland has the carpathians to back up against and the pripyat and the pomeranian lakes to guide entrance to polish heartland . 
  russia has nothing . 
  it has no natural barriers ; the ethnic russian heartland has ethnic minorities between it and the most convenient natural walls : the urals , the baltic , the caucasus . 
  in order for russian leaders to feel secure that the russian heartland is protected , they have to * know * that those ethnic minorities are under their control or at least sufficiently influenced by the russians to refuse any alliance with russia 's enemies . 
  under the tsar , these minority-filled territories were directly annexed to the empire . 
  under the soviets , the smallest were annexed to the empire , while others like poland and romania were subjugated by russian-friendly collaborators . 
  when the soviets collapsed , russia was too weak to prevent all but the smallest and weakest from freeing themselves from the russian sphere of influence . 
  russia sees this freedom from russian influence as not only threatening , but temporary . 
  centuries of russian foreign policy have not been based on the intrinsic evil of russian leaders . 
  that foreign policy was based on deep fear and insecurity . 
  that insecurity has not disappeared . 
  geography motivates the russian desire to control the non-russians who surround them as much as it allows the swedes or british to leave the continent alone and intervene only when one power comes too close to dominating it . 
  i know * my * senators , and maybe others if they 're already famous ( like hillary clinton was ) or if they 're particularly loudmouthed ( like john mccain ) , but otherwise , i have no idea . 
   out of interest , would you know be able to name any members of us state governments other than your own ? 
  honestly , no . 
  i do n't even know any members of the massachusetts cabinet other than the governor , deval patrick . 
  i know scott walker is governor of wisconsin , rick perry is the governor of texas , and ~ ~ jeb bush is governor of florida ~ ~ ( he is not , anymore ) that 's pretty much all the state-level officeholders i know . 
  ( edit : chris christie is governor of new jersey ! ), 
  my point was merely that it 's a bit silly to claim that it 's `` insulting '' to claim the vast majority of lithuanians do n't recognize a lower-ranking cabinet minister from a non-neighboring , non-major state . 
  lithuanians have no reason to know who this woman is . 
  mais en parlant les langues , on les confond beaucoup plus souvent . 
  / hevanti et hapost acher shelkha ba ` thread haze . 
  ha'uropaim lo mishtamshim be'alephbeitim chuts le'alephbet latini . 
   that 's a rather insulting claim to make about the entire population of lithuania . 
  but anyway , assault is never a non-issue . 
  nobody has the right to interfere with the bodily integrity of any other person without lawful excuse . 
  maybe it 's different in europe , but i 'm american and consider myself fairly well-versed in international affairs , but i could n't name a single canadian minister other than the pm , stephen harper . 
  why would lithuanians know a cabinet minister from a country that does n't speak their language or border them ? 
  paradigm leveling hit french like a ton of bricks . 
   the `` w '' hour is observed all over poland , not just in the capitol . 
  is the anniversary of the warsaw uprising a holiday ? 
  what do you do to commemorate it ? 
  is n't merkel already in a suit ? 
  hooooooly shit alaska 's beautiful . 
  also , the modern greek monarchy came from the house of schleswig-holstein-sonderburg-gl\u00fccksburg , and were german/danish royalty , not greek themselves . 
  that 's actually * painful * to hear . 
  if it were eu3 , though , prussia probably would 've annexed a hideous thin line from masovia to the black sea , though . 
  neither french scientists nor french generals were stupid . 
  the czechs and poles could n't help the huge size disparity between themselves and the germans , but the french could have kept the technology and doctrine of their army modernized if they had wanted to . 
  the swiftness of their loss was entirely their fault . 
  okay , well mh makes sense , but dh as `` gh '' or `` y '' is just silly . 
  dh is fairly intuitively the sound in `` the , '' but what the hell is mh supposed to represent ? 
  i know . 
  poland 's resistance in world war ii was exemplary , in every sense of the word . 
  irish orthographers are assholes . 
  do you live in chicago/the midwest ? 
  * tons * of poles there . 
  but as an american of lithuanian descent who has had to explain where my name comes from , i feel for you . 
  i personally prefer vicky ii and crusader kings 2 . 
  europa universalis creates border-gore : the borders just become * hideous * if you go more than two centuries into the game . 
  are we looking at the same map ? 
  the eastern seaboard of the us is teal all year round while most of europe is green most of the year . 
  one good brazil/argentina game will teach you everything you need to know . 
  seriously . 
  only one . 
  nothing * ever * happens in south america . 
  i 'll always remember william the silent because he was a [ huge babe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:antonio_moro_-_willem_i_van_nassau.jpg ) . 
  `` at first '' germany was fighting countries half its size or smaller . 
  oh , how impressive , france lasted longer than * czechoslovakia * , what a shocker . 
  there 's not that many countries ... ^ it 's ^ ^ from ^ ^ ^ paradox ^ ^ ^ ^ games, 
  it 's like how germans migrated to prussia , killed off/assimilated the prussians , and then claimed to be prussians themselves . 
  nobody thinks twice about how strange it is that the dominant power in the ii reich was a baltic , not germanic , name . 
  nobody wants a crown from the gutter though . 
  you 've got to be shitting us . 
  nope , that was [ william ii/iii ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/william_iii_of_england ) , who lived almost 100 years after william the silent . 
   huge war in middle-east is eventuality . 
  huge war in the middle east is a * reality * . 
  more people have died in two years of the syrian civil war than in 80 years of israeli-arab war . 
  the iran-iraq war made all the israeli-arab wars combined look like the falklands war in terms of casualties . 
  the lebanese and iraqi civil wars , both sectarian conflicts like syria , each claimed many more lives than the israeli-palestinian conflict . 
  i do n't know what world you 're living in where the middle east is not a violent , messy place , but it 's not this one . 
  wars between the israelis and arabs have been , since 1949 , relatively clean affairs . 
  very few massacres , very little interaction with civilians . 
  conventional army-vs-army warfare .
