  this is simply not true . 
  i know multiple converts to judaism and i have never heard any other jew say anything to imply that they are somehow `` less jewish '' than `` born jews . '', 
  or maybe europeans will start actually having more kids again . 
  you seem like you have a big chip on your shoulder . 
  i do n't actually hate religion , so i 'm just gon na leave this conversation to you and your ranting . 
  i 'm confused . 
  the scientologists are pretty obviously bad , but mormons are generally nice and nonthreatening , and the bahai have never done anything to anyone . 
  what gives ? 
  nobody in the us would ever fear an eu army . 
  you guys ca n't even project force across the mediterranean . 
  well , yes , obviously . 
  but when asked specifically about ethnicity , very few americans would say `` american . '', 
  i mean , he might get a lot of play in german-populated parts of the us ( which is admittedly lots of the us ) , but here in irish/italian new england , he never got brought up in school and nobody ever mentioned him . 
  `` national hero '' is a bit much . 
  i never heard of him before yesterday . 
  lafayette 's the only european who helped us during the revolution that gets any time in school . 
  mine was equally tongue-in-cheek , i just wanted to direct people to the actual wikipedia article in english , because von steuben was a pretty cool guy . 
  this is how we won our independence from you , you 're too lazy to switch over to the [ english wikipedia article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/friedrich_wilhelm_von_steuben ) . 
  bubonic plague . 
  the anglo-saxons began settling in the 400s ad , bubonic plague hit in the 500s ad . 
  the celtic britons and city-dwellers were affected most by the plague , while the rural-dwelling anglo-saxons mostly got away scot-free . 
  my source is nicholas ostler 's * empire of the word * , p. 311-313 . 
  i apologize . 
  i misremembered what i had read . 
  my source is nicholas ostler 's * empire of the word * , p. 311-313 . 
  the gist is that germanic tribes began settling in england in the 400s ad , and then in the 500s ad , bubonic plague came to the british isles . 
  the celtic britons , who traded extensively with the continent , and people living in established roman cities were especially affected by the plague ; the rural-dwelling anglo-saxons mostly survived the plague unscathed . 
  the british population plummeted ; the germanic population continued to grow . 
  because of this huge shift in population distribution , the anglo-saxons eventually simply outnumbered the pre-germanic britons . 
  the germanic tribes did n't subjugate the britons , not really : they just ignored the britons until they were so strong and the britons so weak that they could easily steamroll right over them . 
  that 's true . 
  re : azerbaijan , iran and azerbaijan actually have a very bad relationship with one another , precisely * because * iran believes that azerbaijan has territorial designs on the azeri-populated regions of northwest iran . 
  moreover , nationalist azeri politicians * do * insist that the azeris of iran must be `` liberated '' or united with azerbaijan . 
  it is because of this tension that iran supports the armenians in the armenian-azeri conflict over nagorno-karabakh , and why azerbaijan has an increasingly strong relationship with israel . 
  i think i remember reading somewhere that a nationalist azeri politician once suggested changing the country 's name to north azerbaijan , claiming that until the azeris in iran had been united with the azeris in azerbaijan , it was pointless to call the country `` azerbaijan . '', 
  to be fair to israel-palestine , i think the partition of india was orders of magnitude worse than the partition of palestine , in terms of deaths and displacement caused . 
  moreover , because the border between india and pakistan was actually decided by the british ( the radcliffe line ) , whereas the israeli-arab borders were decided by the realities of war , the india-pakistan partition and its horrors are more directly attributable to the british . 
  it 's not the india-pakistan relationship is any better than the israel-palestine ( let alone israel-arab ) one . 
  it looks like barsoap is referring to the angles who populated england and gave it its name , who happened to be from what is now schleswig-holstein . 
  of course , the angles were simply repopulating an island that had been devastated by plague and did n't really `` conquer '' anyone until they had been on the island for several generations . 
  the population of england by germanic tribes is actually remarkably similar to the population of new england by englishmen . 
  are you european ? 
  in america , very few people identify as ethnically `` american '' ( except the scotch-irish who live in appalachia , they do that , and obviously the native americans , though they would probably say `` i 'm navajo , '' or `` i 'm cherokee '' ) . 
  if you ask an american , they 'll usually say `` i 'm irish '' or `` i 'm german , '' or in my case , `` i 'm lithuanian , swedish , english , scottish , french ( - canadian ) , and irish . '', 
  though truthfully i normally just tell people i 'm lithuanian . 
  we normally do n't claim `` american '' ethnicity at all , we are * all * either irish or italian or german or whatever , or some mix thereof . 
  the eu does n't focus on the populations of member states , i do n't see why you would be shocked that it does n't care about the populations of applicant states . 
  yeah , hebron is pretty much the worst place in israel/the palestinian territories and bears no resemblance whatsoever to places inside israel . 
  using it as an example is like saying `` russia is awful , look at grozny . '', 
  tel aviv , haifa , and jerusalem are all beautiful cities and i was treated with unfailing kindness wherever i was . 
  * ramallah and nablus were full of nice people , but they 're a little run-down and hard to get around . 
  people there really do not hate each other : if anything , they 're just afraid of each other . 
  * disclaimer : israeli kindness is ruder than american kindness , but it 's still kind . 
  israelis just are n't polite . 
  they 'll help you carry your bags if you look like you ca n't deal with all your stuff , but they 'll berate you for being dumb enough to buy more than you can carry while doing so . 
  my family came to visit me when i was in israel , and prior to coming , they all thought it was a hellish warscape where everyone would be hateful and mean , but they thought it was great . 
   making millions of people live under military supervision for decades disqualifies you from being one of the good guys . 
  deliberately choosing to murder large numbers of civilians as a tactic for scaring your enemy into withdrawal seems to me to be obviously worse than that , but then again , i very much value human life . 
  also , suicide is abhorrent , and the fact that palestinians do not condemn suicide bombing across the board speaks very poorly of them . 
   you 're laying the bar for morally acceptable conduct very low . 
  i 'm not saying that israel is the perfect moral agent , but merely that it is more moral to have the power and opportunity to do great evil and still refuse to do it , than to not do great evil simply because you are prevented from doing it by being too weak , as in the case of the palestinians . 
   well , that 's what we 're doing now : they 're human beings responsible for the wrongs they do , past wrongdoing against them gives no carte blanche anymore . 
  that includes the decisions they take as israeli officials and generals . 
  on the contrary : europeans still think of jews as victims who can not make a morally ambiguous decision without being hypocrites . 
  basically any time israel does anything that europeans disapprove of , the europeans clap and say that they were n't so bad for murdering european jewry as a whole , because look at how savage and brutal the jews are anyway . 
   and elsewhere you say `` stop seeing jews as victims '' ? 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  we hold israel to the same standards . 
  those statements are not mutually incompatible . 
  you hold jews to a higher moral standard because you see them as eternal victims instead of human beings like everyone else . 
   last time europeans were in the israeli 's shoes ( occupying a country whose inhabitants would have none of it ) , they withdrew . 
  ... after multiple hundreds of years of occupying said country . 
  moreover , israel has been withdrawing gradually , making more agreements with the palestinians so the palestinians can be responsible for as many things as possible without endangering israeli civilians . 
  how many european governments did that instead of just cutting and running ? 
  i have lived there . 
  it is not a terrible place . 
  you should go !, 
  it 's a very beautiful country from like november to april . 
   it 's not unacceptable - quite the opposite . 
  so , talking about religion is socially acceptable ? 
  that makes your previous claim that being vocally religious makes you sound less credible , which means that being vocally religious is an unacceptable position to take in social setting . 
  which is it ? 
  is it okay to talk about religion or do you give the cold shoulder to people who acknowledge their religion publicly ? 
   why should i be bound by some protocol to be forced to respect religions ? 
  it 's not about respecting religions : it 's about respecting your fellow man and his choices about his identity . 
  you have adamantly refused to acknowledge my comparison to telling homosexuals to stay in the closet , which is the best possible analogy to how i -- and many other americans -- feel about europeans ' view of religion . 
   if you have a selection of camps to go to , why go to a religious one ? 
  the vast majority of parents sent their kids to jew/catholic camp because those camps were the best-funded and best-run or simply because their kids ' friends went there . 
  personally , i went to boy scout camp , which was not religious , but it was n't a decision by my parents to avoid religious-based camps : it was because i was a boy scout and my friends were boy scouts and we could have fun at summer camp together . 
  likewise , my catholic friends went to catholic-run camps because their friends were in ccd with them or whatever , and their summer camps were not really that different from my boy scout camp . 
  also , aside from the boy scouts , there were no summer camps run by non-religious groups , aside from church camps all you have are boy scout camps and the ymca . 
  but that 's because in america our churches are social hubs that provide a bunch of social services to communities , not places just to go to think about god . 
   it 's best to avoid fueling the religious fire and encouraging the spread of such ideas ( i am atheist ) . 
  aaaaaaaaand there it is . 
  that is exactly the kind of intolerance for religion that makes me so uncomfortable around many europeans . 
  edit : also :  ( i am atheist ) . 
  indeed , making a camp 's topic religion would suggest to me that at some point , a person will start to discuss parts of their creed and i should engage with them on the topic , which to me is not something i would ever do voluntarily . 
  you voluntarily offered up the fact that you are atheist just to prove a point to someone on the internet . 
  you are already talking about your `` creed , '' and you bring it up only to casually dismiss the worthiness of other people bringing up their religions . 
  my friends and i have spoken from time to time about religion , always casually and never in a hostile way ; i do not understand why you believe such a conversation to be so intolerable that you would avoid any even remotely religious situation just to avoid having it .
