   by that argument , the us should have a legitimate claim over half of germany and most of the pacific islands -- it 's worth pointing out that america has either annexed created `` free '' puppet states out of all the japanese possessions it conquered in the pacific . 
  just sayin ' . 
   yeah , i can understand that . 
  perhaps we are both working with overblown ideas about how the other operates , and the us despite being partially founded by religious extremists on the mayflower is a bit more moderate than jesus camp and mitt romney suggest . 
  i have literally no idea what you 're talking about with mitt romney . 
  if anything , mitt romney exemplifies how non-denominational america is : as a mormon , mitt romney is part of a minority sect that up until not that long ago was considered heretical by many americans and is still considered weird by most . 
  and yet , he 's a legitimate challenger for the presidency !, 
   it 's not oppressed here , but we do n't really want to hear about it , and certainly it 's true that being vocally religious will never serve to improve one 's credibility . 
  so you 've made religion into a socially unacceptable topic . 
  again , it 's like saying , `` i 'm uncomfortable with you being open about your homosexuality because it 's not polite to talk about sexuality , so you should probably just not mention it ever . '', 
  it 's not government-enforced oppression , but it seems oppressive . 
  i understood that you were not advocating for china-like government suppression of religion , but i still think the european `` shh , do n't talk about that , that 's weird '' is bad . 
  my experience is that europeans tend to think that church-based activities are inherently indicative of strong religious beliefs , whereas in america , churches are often just social hubs . 
  practically everyone in my new england high school went to sunday school and confirmation classes of some type , but very few of us were religious . 
  we just went because our parents expected us to and our friends were there anyway . 
  i remember when a bunch of americans and europeans were hanging out together when we were studying abroad in israel , and when the americans began to reminisce about going to religiously-run camps ( either jew camp or summer camps run by local catholic churches ) , the europeans looked at us like we were opus dei and those crazy jewish fundamentalists who spit on people in jerusalem . 
  we just had fun at summer camp , and if we had a mass or a shabbat dinner it was just part of the experience ; but the europeans acted as if we were religious fundamentalists . 
   the response after the uproar was about free speech . 
  the original drawings ? 
  there 's a pretty good chance about the latter . 
  regardless , the point stands . 
  fair enough . 
  then i guess i 'm cool with the danish on their view of free speech . 
   the american pandering to superstition is bewildering to me - so i guess we are on the correct sides of the atlantic for sure !, 
  i really liked the chinese attitude to religion while i was there ; it 's private , and stays private , despite them being a lot more religious on the whole than we are in europe . 
  and they definitely get a bonus point for refusing to grant scientology a license to have churches or organise religious meetings . 
  see , this i do n't understand . 
  as an american , religion is taken as a personal thing , but i think that socially enforcing silence about religion is oppressive . 
  to us , it 's like telling gay people that 's it 's okay to be gay , but only if you do n't talk about it in public . 
  religion is part of who you are . 
  telling people that you 'd prefer they just keep it to themselves is like telling bilinguals that it 's nice that they speak two languages , but it 'd be better if they only spoke the official national language in public . 
  it 's just ... rude . 
   no , it 's bad because they claim the moral high ground in the conflict - which clashes with their actions on the ground . 
  like all high ground , the moral high ground is a relative metric . 
  israel may not be as lily-white and pure as fresh-driven snow as luxembourg , but they are the moral side in the israeli-palestinian conflict . 
  the palestinians have no qualms about targeting israeli civilians , and even obviously heinous murders of israeli civilians merit only brief and reluctant condemnations from palestinian officials . 
  there is very little self-criticism among palestinians , except criticizing people who `` collaborate '' too much with israel . 
  israel has the power to , at any moment , expel or kill vast numbers of palestinians , and yet they never have . 
  they could have cited the benes decrees and expelled the palestinians , or cited black september and killed thousands to weaken palestinian groups , but they have n't . 
  why not ? 
  think about that . 
   it 's also a result of the cognitive dissonance between the image of the jews as victims that was common after ww2 , and what they actually do . 
  then perhaps europeans should stop thinking of jews as victims and start thinking of jews as * human beings * . 
   are you sure you want to drag up ancient history to mete out judgment ? 
  shit that happened in the lifetime of my grandparents or even parents is not `` ancient history . '', 
  algeria , for instance , did n't stop being * fran\u00e7aise * until after my mother was born . 
  i do n't consider that `` ancient history . '', 
  this makes me think of that joke about how americans think 100 years is a long time and europeans think 100 miles is a long distance ... and how ridiculously dumb it is . 
  europeans pretend 60 years ago is completely irrelevant , while americans continue to use our almost 250-year-old founding document as a relevant reference in political life . 
   by the way - it 's probably worth pointing out that freedom of speech exists in some parts of europe more than others . 
  take for example the uk , who imprisoned a man for saying something mean on twitter , and compare to denmark ( here ) which created and published anti-muslim cartoons purely for the point of exercising and standing up for freedom of speech . 
  was it * really * about the free speech or was it about sticking it to the minorities ? 
  because honestly , it 's a little hard to disentangle . 
  but the whole twitter in the uk thing horrifies me as an american . 
   freedom of religion - i do n't get your point here - i can only think of about three countries with religious restrictions and none are in europe , and i 'm guessing you 're not saying `` the usa is n't too free with religion and i like it that way ''  i was unclear . 
  i meant that i prefer the american conception of freedom of speech , and also the american conception of religion . 
  to be honest , the rather reflexive anti-religiousness of many europeans is galling and offensive to me , even though i 'm not a particularly religious person . 
  it seems many europeans believe there is something inherently stupid or uneducated about being religious , and they consequently treat the religious as ignorant or simply stupid . 
  that mindset just makes me uncomfortable . 
   decolonization happened because the usa felt more comfortable with a dollar empire and the ussr figured it could sway some of the new countries to its side . 
  this is a statement about how the superpowers reacted to or took advantage of decolonization , not about why decolonization happened . 
   i do n't care what israel is ; but i surely know that making people live under a military regime without end is barbaric . 
  withdraw or annex , it 's that simple , and the choice is israel 's . 
  the palestinians no longer live under a military regime , and they have not for almost 20 years . 
  the vast majority of the palestinian population live under the ( previously elected , now dictatorial ) rule of the palestinian national authority . 
  the palestinians have only their extraordinarily awful leadership to blame for their lack of democracy . 
  naturally , there could be no political motives behind the statement of a * political party * . 
  all statements made by political parties are completely honest , especially those made by parties which are deeply corrupt and politically entrenched . 
   by relating isrealis to the camp guards he is saying `` you know what is happening here , you have experienced it . 
  if anyone knows how wrong this is , it should be you '' . 
  how israel acts in the palestinian territories bears little to no resemblance whatsoever to the shoah . 
  there are no mass shootings of innocents , no death factories , and no ghettoization ( i.e. 
  moving people from their homes into a tiny and overcrowded area ) . 
  to say to the israelis , who know that the shoah saw 90 % of european jewry murdered in 6 years , that they are essentially perpetrating a second shoah in the palestinian territories ( where the palestinian population has grown by 300 % in 60 years and has never seen a significant decline ) is simply ludicrous and offensive . 
  moreover , the oppressive aspects of the israeli occupation only appeared after the first intifada . 
  prior to that , movement was not controlled , and palestinians worked in israel . 
  it 's obvious to anyone with even the slightest knowledge of the conflict that israel is not just being arbitrarily oppressive out of hate , but acting in ( potentially exaggerated ) fear and in the interest of their own security . 
  frankly , you 're an idiot and an asshole if you compare israel to the nazis , because you would only do so if you had no idea of what the conflict is actually like and you 're trying to send a message that serves no purpose than to demonize israelis . 
   why should i dwell uselessly on the past and feel guilt for my ancestors ? 
  more importantly why should my views on human rights be diluted by these actions i had no say in ? 
  on the flip side , why should israelis feel extra bad about `` oppression '' that is nowhere near as bad as any perpetrated by europeans because of the suffering of their parents ? 
  the israelis of today had no say in the fact that europeans collaborated in the murder of their relatives 70 years ago . 
  why they should feel terrible about some roadblocks and midnight raids when the british used gas on the iraqis , the french used the same tactics on a much larger scale in algeria , the germans did everything much worse , etc. 
  i think it 's the coolest video aboot canada that i 've ever seen !, 
  i 'd say it 's time to move to europe , but i genuinely prefer american conceptions of freedom of speech and religion . 
  you win some , you lose some , i guess . 
  $ 22/hr is more than an entry-level full-time professional gets paid in my relatively high-income part of america . 
  that 's ridiculous for * minimum wage * . 
  this was already posted [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/12a9u0/the_european_left_and_its_trouble_with_jews_many/ ) . 
   minimum wage of ~ $ 17/hr what the actual fuck . 
  minimum wage is $ 22usd/hr ? 
  i learned about canadian mall culture from this [ pop hit from the 90s ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8pezi1e5og ) . 
   so what 's your point ? 
  that because of their history europeans can not speak up about oppression without being hypocrites ? 
  by this log , i guess nobody should ever be allowed to speak about it , since all countries have had their sins in the past . 
  europe has not followed imperial or colonial policies for about 50 years , how long before a european criticizing oppression stops being hypocritical ? 
  i do n't think that europeans should not speak up about oppression : they most definitely should . 
  but when they do , it should * not * be a one-sided dismissal of israel as being simply barbaric . 
  any european condemnation of colonial-like oppression needs to be accompanied with a thoughtful discussion on how the europeans came to their present , `` enlightened '' state , without the colonizing and oppression of the past . 
  it 's not like europeans just realized colonizing was bad and left : decolonization happened because the europeans were too tired and poor , and the cost of retaining colonies too high , to maintain colonial rule .
