  we watched it in high school , and i think it left a lasting impact on me . 
  the scene where they joke about honecker is fantastic . 
  if you 're looking for the movie in english , though , it 's `` the lives of others . '', 
  nothing says `` winter '' like neon green . 
  also , i 'm personally more interested in the gentleman on the far right , but the woman second from the right in the front row has to be one of the most beautiful young women i 've ever seen . 
  christ . 
  it 's obvious that the indian civil service came from the brits , they even imported the ministry of silly walks . 
  because , as always , the us is in a league of its own . 
  the bnd , mi6 , fsb , and mossad are all great at human intelligence , but as snowden 's leaks have indicated , we 've taken signals intelligence to a whole ` nother level . 
  we learned that they 've thrown people out of windows on numerous occasions , starting some serious shit every time . 
  i have been informed by people in the intelligence community on numerous occasions that the bnd is one of the best agencies in the world . 
  they are up there with mi6 , the fsb , and mossad at getting human intelligence . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
   then we disagree . 
  the real world is the real word , and uganda wo n't be legalizing gay marriage tomorrow . 
  i do n't deny that , but i do n't give uganda a pass on it either . 
  palestinians are n't going to allow gay marriage anytime soon , but there are plenty of liberals willing to forgive the most totalitarian behavior of the palestinians just because the arabs are `` oppressed . '', 
  sorry , but i do n't agree . 
  the jewish community in palestine was holding free , democratic elections for years before the british even left . 
  i will not excuse palestinian dictators because they 're `` occupied . '', 
  so what ? 
  they 've got other problems that they are capable of dealing with ( like unemployment or education or religious freedoms ) that they just blame on `` the occupation . '', 
  it 's a cop-out , and people go along with it !, 
   i 'm sorry , what ? 
  lost ? 
  won ? 
  spoils of war is some medieval stuff . 
  it does n't matter how the war went , unless you 're trying to claim some right of conquest thing ? 
  only if `` medieval '' you mean `` an integral part of war to this day . '', 
  you can fluff your feathers and pretend the whole world has gotten over war because western europe thinks it 's oh-so-dreadful , but everyone else knows better . 
  if you go to war and you lose , there has to be consequences , otherwise you have no incentive not to continue the war or make war again . 
   and as long as israel occupies it , criticism will grow . 
  make no mistake ; this will end in boycotts . 
  maybe , but those boycotts are misplaced and i will fight them with every ounce of strength i have . 
  israel can not make a peace deal with a palestinian leadership that sees no benefit in making peace . 
   you 're shifting responsibility . 
  when israel goes out of its way to make the palestinians pissed , that 's it 's own fault . 
  i ca n't believe you responded to a description of rank corruption among palestinian leaders and blamed that on * israel * . 
  what the palestinian people themselves think , whether they 're pissed off or not , is * irrelevant * until the palestinian leadership thinks that the rewards of making peace will outweigh the benefits they get currently . 
   so deny it . 
  on that point , i agree with the israelis . 
  well , that 's a relief , at least . 
  that demand is ridiculous and will never be satisfied . 
   you 're being willfully ignorant of the implications of announcing new settlement blocks just as negotiations begin . 
  and you 're ignoring the reasonable explanation i gave you as to * why * israel builds settlements in the first place . 
   to make palestine into this is to make palestine into a vassal state of israel . 
  palestine will always be dependent on israel no matter what the peace deal looks like . 
  there are decades of institutional investment from israel into palestine . 
  palestinian workers are involved in the israeli workforce . 
  it 's much easier to get into israel than into jordan from palestine . 
  palestine will always be dependent on israel , even if independent , the way ireland is intimately connected to britain , simply because palestine is a small state attached to a much larger , much more prosperous one . 
  it is very much in palestine 's interests to get peace terms that israel likes , because if israel feels threatened by palestine , they can shut the border . 
  shutting the border would throw tens of thousands of palestinians into unemployment and disrupt the entire palestinian economy . 
   because israel is a democratic republic , an advanced economy and a western ally . 
  they are expected to behave as well as germany or the uk . 
  that misses the point . 
  between the two entities , the one that dominates the relationship is israel . 
  so israel will always bear the brunt of the criticism . 
  you wo n't change hearts and minds on that . 
  i reject that assertion . 
  i have exactly the same expectations of everyone : do * the best you can * to respect human rights of everyone , regardless of religious , ethnic , or any other identity . 
  the palestinians are n't doing the best they can . 
  they 're in a shitty situation , i wo n't deny it , but they 're not even trying to keep a lid on anti-jewish hatred . 
  they 're actively encouraging violence against jews . 
  i expect the central african republic and burma to act like the uk and germany , not just israel , because i do n't divide the world into `` civilized , respectable people who are expected to behave civilized '' and `` barbarians who do n't know any better . '', 
  the palestinians have been treated like children for long enough . 
  they need to pull on their big-girl panties and be accountable for their incessant incitement to violence . 
  the palestinians have * lost * , so why are they going about making demands like they 've won the war ? 
  because they know they wo n't be called out on it . 
   that 's going to lead to a one-state . 
  are you ok with that ? 
  how ? 
  annexing 10 % or even 15 % of the west bank instead of 5 % is not going to suddenly make an independent palestine destitute and lawless . 
  they have no resources , limited human capital , and a political system lacking any sense of legitimacy . 
  no matter * what * israel does , palestine is going to be destitute , lawless , and probably riven with civil strife . 
   no one would ever be content with that . 
  as a puerto rican that has never even seen imperial aggression or occupation and loves americans , i can guarantee you that . 
  regular palestinians might not be satisfied with that , but palestinian leaders find being an `` occupied territory '' with substantial internal authority to be a very * profitable * position . 
  they get ceaseless sympathy from the international community , they get huge cash donations , they are not expected to govern responsibly , and all they have to do is maintain a fa\u00e7ade of negotiating every few years , only to back out while blaming israel for the talks ' failure . 
  palestinian leaders have embezzled tens of millions of dollars from international donors . 
  when palestine becomes independent , then the palestinian leaders are the leaders of a tiny , poor , and non-touristically-desirable country with huge , bitter neighbors , and a seriously pissed-off minority of people who reject the peace deal . 
   nevertheless , that 's their problem . 
  nothing you 're saying addresses the fact that israel is building settlements as they 're negotiating a peace deal . 
  the israeli leadership knows that damages peace prospects , and yet paradoxically , you believe that they do it to impose the importance of the peace treaty ? 
  that does n't make any sense whatsoever . 
  well , peace deals do n't happen in a static environment . 
  let 's remember , the palestinians demand the `` right of return '' of palestinians to israel . 
  are the palestinians stopping having children ( and therefore creating more people who they insist have the `` right of return '' ) during peace negotiations ? 
  also , there 's some confusion about settlements . 
  building large numbers of homes takes * time * . 
  if israel approves a settlement bloc during a period when negotiations have broken down , it might take a year or two to be zoned , to have the building contract given out , etc. . two years later , when negotiations have re-started , the municipality will announce that those settlements that were approved two years ago will begin construction soon . 
  that 's not really a `` new settlement : '' it 's a standard public announcement of a middle stage of a multi-year project . 
  even if no new settlements were approved during the negotiations , the international public will use this as an excuse to berate israel , as if it 's israel 's fault for not stopping construction on things it approved years ago because of political concerns . 
  if israel started doing that , no companies would ever work for them , because they would have no idea if their projects would ever actually get built . 
   yeah . 
  that 's the one-state , and the path of south africa . 
  if you make it impossible for a viable palestine to be born , you 're either going to have to make them citizens , or annex their country without giving them rights . 
  i do n't see how giving the palestinians 90 % instead of 95 % of the west bank will make palestine `` non-viable . '', 
  those are the types of percentages we 're talking about . 
  and what does `` non-viable '' mean , anyway ?
