  no , i 'm saying that it 's not brave because it is acceptable to the powerful ally . 
  not brave = / = cowardly . 
  it just means not brave . 
  it is neither brave nor cowardly for france to support palestinian statehood , since either supporting or opposing is considered acceptable by the americans . 
  not really . 
  what 's america going to do ? 
  at worst , this will cause a mildly embarrassing diplomatic spat between the two . 
  it 's not like france is really losing anything anyway , since if america wanted europeans to do something , we 'd ask the british . 
  we have n't really trusted the french completely since they told nato to fuck off . 
  moreover , the french want to have the image of a world leader in foreign diplomacy , which makes it * preferential * for france to `` stand up '' to america . 
  this bolsters france 's image of having an independent foreign policy , which is actually also useful for america , since when we actually need france 's support for something and they agree , it increases support for the mutual cause because it looks like french agreement is hard to get . 
  ** tl ; dr ** : we do n't care and france `` opposing '' the us can also be good for us foreign policy anyway . 
  til taking a position that the majority of countries on earth support is brave . 
  did people stop hating jews after 1945 ? 
  oh , i know you did n't say that , but the op suggested letting russia join , and i had to clarify why that was dumb . 
  nato is a defensive alliance to cooperate in the event of a russian attack . 
  it 's not there to `` attack russia '' because it is there to defend when russia attacks . 
  it 's not `` anti-russian '' in the ideological sense , but nato 's practical purpose is to make sure that all of western europe works together when russia attacks one of them , and to make sure america and canada come to their aid . 
  letting russia into nato defeats the whole point of nato . 
  nato is an anti-russian alliance . 
  maybe , but it 's not * wrong * to refer to countries as female , and it 's not really that uncommon , especially in a more serious discussion format . 
  using the female for countries is , at least for me , marked as a belonging to a higher register of speech , so when writing , i 'd probably do it more than i do when speaking . 
  i know plenty of people who refer to ships , cars , etc. 
  as female . 
  it 's a convention in english to refer to states as feminine , as in `` poland has the responsibility to protect * her * citizens . '', 
  this is n't about being in / r/europe , it 's just something people do when speaking english . 
  that 'd be the [ fsb ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federal_security_service_%28russia%29 ) . 
   great britain , the british commonwealth of nations , mighty america must be friends and sponsors of the new europe this clearly implies that great britain will * not * be part of the new europe , but rather , along with the commonwealth and the us , will be friends and sponsors of the united states of europe . 
  that is the * opposite * of `` huzzah for integration . '', 
  if israel ever annexed the west bank and gaza , it would be accompanied with the large-scale ethnic cleansing of the palestinians . 
  the israelis could easily justify this by pointing out that many european countries are far more ethnically homogeneous than israel , and most of those are because of large-scale ethnic cleansing campaigns . 
  poland and the czech republic are n't international pariahs , despite having summarily ejected millions of germans , with hundreds of thousands of casualties in the process . 
  croatia is not an international pariah , despite having ejected hundreds of thousands of serbs . 
  people who think that israel could just annex the palestinian territories and everyone would get along just fine are naive imbeciles who clearly have never spent more than twenty seconds thinking about the israeli-palestinian conflict . 
  if the annexation happened , then it would simply reignite the palestinian civil war that preceded britain 's withdrawal from the mandate . 
  and this time , the jews would win * overwhelmingly * , and they would do so with the lesson that no matter how they treated any occupied population , they would be endlessly and disproportionately criticized in international circles . 
  the lesson from the eu is not to occupy people , but the lesson learned by israel ( and frankly , by everyone else ) is that it is better to simply ethnically cleanse any occupied territory of any opposing side , so that way you 're just holding on to land , not `` oppressing people . '', 
  so if israel did feel that it had to annex the palestinian territories , then it would probably also feel the need to ethnically cleanse them , because that is the lesson that europe has taught . 
  israel is the target of endless european opprobrium for occupying palestinians , but croatia is becoming a full-fledged member of the eu and nobody really brings up that whole `` operation storm '' thing . 
  the eu punishes israel for occupying another people and ignores croatia 's past history of ethnic cleansing . 
  the rational conclusion to this is that it is more beneficial to do something absolutely terrible just once and for only a little while , than to try and avoid that horrible thing by managing a hostile population in a `` more humane '' manner . 
  i say this not because i take any joy in the idea of the palestinians being ethnically cleansed , because i do n't , but to bring a measure of realism to a discussion that too often is about theoretical `` rights '' and `` justice '' and `` history '' and not about * consequences * . 
  either way , it 'll be `` do you pray a lot , '' you just have to base the subject off of the context . 
  if he says , `` are you catholic ? 
  do you pray a lot ? '', 
  then he 's asking about you , personally . 
  if he says `` are croatians catholic ? 
  do you pray a lot ? '', 
  then he 's asking about croatians generally . 
  basically , use the subject of the preceding sentence if it is related to the question and you 're unsure . 
  some dialects of english do distinguish between singular `` you '' and plural `` y' all , '' `` yinz , '' `` y' alls , '' etc. , but standard english does not . 
  this is a great question , though . 
  japan * did * attack the united states in wwii . 
   i recall reading somewhere that close to 20 or 25 % of the eu 's population supports a federal europe . 
  so , what you 're saying is , 75-80 % of the eu 's population does * not * support a federal europe . 
  in most democratic societies , that would be considered an overwhelming majority of the population and a decisive `` no '' to federalization . 
  til / r/europe has never heard of jonathan swift . 
   loads more consider themselves catholic culturally , but are not practicing catholics in any real sense of the word . 
  they go to mass at christmas , funerals , weddings and easter ; they believe in heaven and a god , and this is the extent of their relationship with the faith . 
  asked about matters of catholic dogma most would be unable to answer . 
  this is how most people are of any religion , and this has been true forever . 
  the number of theologically-educated has always been a small proportion of the population , and the proportion of religious zealots has also always been small . 
  an irish peasant 100 or 200 years ago could n't tell you about catholic dogma , but it did n't stop them from being catholic , nor did believing in fairies or whatever keep them from being catholic either . 
  religion for most people is n't about theology : it 's about community , and communal identity . 
  it 's a part of the culture we are born into . 
  the holidays , the weddings , the funerals : these are the important bits of religion , because this is what affects the daily lives of average people . 
  these events bring us together as a community . 
  it sounds like a region in lithuania or latvia . 
  `` oh yes , my family 's from auscanzukus . '', 
  you 're surprised ? 
  canada and the uk are probably the only countries that all americans like , basically unconditionally . 
  the `` special relationship '' is still special on this end . 
  you and canada are lumped together as the friends we can share everything with and never have to be ashamed of ( like israel , which is sometimes embarrassing ) and can always rely on ( unlike france and germany , which did not support us in iraq ) . 
  we tease you , of course , about the revolution and whatnot , but i think that the uk is one of a very small number of countries that the overwhelming majority of americans like and respect enough to consider `` friends '' and not merely `` allies . '', 
  my romanian boss went on a lengthy spiel about things like this in geneva . 
  she claimed they would never , ever work in romania ( nor in america , frankly ) , but everyone in switzerland dutifully paid for their newspaper from the little boxes on the street . 
   ca n't live our lives by being afraid of what our eastern neighbors has to say ... 
  in all honesty , would you be able to say that if you were n't in nato ? 
  palestine is already recognized by upwards of 100 countries , a fact that makes no difference whatsoever in negotiations between israel and palestine . 
  from the israeli perspective , who cares whether the un wants to let palestine be a member ? 
  israel already ignores the recognition of the majority of the world 's countries ; ignoring membership in international bodies would be no more difficult . 
  moreover , upgrading palestine 's status at the un does n't weaken israel 's position in negotiation at all , since nobody in the un has ever done anything to affect the reality on the ground , which is that israel could establish effective control over the entirety of the palestinian territories in a matter of hours with very little resistance , and that palestinians are deeply tied into the israeli economy . 
  shutting down the border between israel and the west bank would inconvenience israelis , but it would completely wreck the palestinian economy . 
  none of this would be affected by un membership , so why is anyone trying to do this ? 
  palestinians should demand that their leaders try to get real , on-the-ground improvements in life , not grand political shows that accomplish exactly nothing . 
   not only that , but lebanon even used to be the `` switzerland of the east '' until israel invaded the south and basically wrecked everything muslim . 
  that is the dumbest oversimplification of the lebanese civil war i 've ever heard ( and having lived in israel , i 've heard a few ) . 
  the most direct cause of the civil war was black september in jordan , which forced the plo from its strongholds in jordan into southern lebanon . 
  the influx of large numbers of armed muslims destabilized the balance of power in the country , and resulted in dissatisfied lebanese muslims allying themselves with the plo and the lebanese state becoming a set of christian militias . 
  israel inserted itself into the lebanese civil war to stop the plo from attacking northern israel , and that just added another side to a preexisting conflict . 
  and lebanon is a barely nonexistent state , half of whose territory is governed directly by an iranian proxy terrorist organization ; egypt is run by the same military junta it has been run by for the past 60 years ; iran is run by a military/religious hybrid junta ; and all the other gulf countries have enough oil money to drown out dissent and/or export their violent types to go play jihad in kosovo or afghanistan or now syria . 
  jordan is doing okay , but only because its political system has been terribly gerrymandered to weaken the vote of the majority-palestinian cities and strengthen the monarchy 's bedouin base , who are a minority of the population . 
  when your best-case scenario relies on funny politics and the disenfranchisement of the majority of the population , your standards are very low indeed . 
  uh , no . 
  theologically speaking , converts to judaism are considered to have been born with jewish souls , so conversion is n't so much `` becoming jewish '' as `` recognizing the jewishness that already existed . '', 
  moreover , there are a number of prohibitions against reminding converted jews that they were at any point considered non-jews . 
  the `` i 'm abiding the 613 commandments '' jews would know that . 
  you obviously get some bigots who reject jews-by-choice , as you do in any community , but they do not have theological or social backing for their position . 
  well , yes , probably , but europeans should at least be aiming to get back to above replacement rate . 
  you do n't need to be having 7-kid families any more , but 2-3 kids per couple is not unreasonable .
