  it 's going to happen regardless of what the un says , and trying to blame torture throughout the world on rumsfeld and cheney is intellectually dishonest . 
  obviously torture is bad and we should condemn it whenever possible , but pretending that those regimes which are torturing and quoting rumsfeld and cheney would n't be torturing otherwise is silly . 
  and if they would be torturing regardless of what rumsfeld and cheney said , then who gives a shit about what came out of their mouths ? 
   there is no `` exception in this specific instance '' in human rights . 
  ever . 
  it must be terribly difficult , and terribly sad , to live in a world where everything is black and white . 
  i think that in this one specific instance , we can excuse the practice of circumcision for religious reasons . 
  i myself am circumcised , and though i probably wo n't be circumcising my sons . 
  i already told you that virtually all jews everywhere see circumcision as a * sine qua non * of their identity . 
  both article 18 and article 5 are equally valid . 
  no part of it gives greater weight to article 5 . 
  you prioritize article 5 with regard to circumcision ; jews would prioritize article 18 . 
  what 's more , you would have to fight pretty hard to get jews who believe in circumcision to admit that that practice is `` torture '' or `` cruel , inhuman , or dehumanizing treatment . '', 
  article 18 seems pretty clear to me . 
  are you jewish ? 
  if not , what gives you the right to dictate to others what their cultural priorities should be ? 
  in judaism , circumcision is seen as a * sine qua non * of being a part of the jewish people . 
  only a tiny , insignificant minority has attempted to justify stopping circumcision using jewish jurisprudence , and nobody really gives a shit about them . 
  the fact is , almost all jews on earth believe that if you are a man , you * must * be circumcised to be jewish . 
  that belief is not going to change because some europeans do n't like it . 
  in the middle ages , jews killed themselves and their families rather than be forced to eat pork . 
  do you think they 'll stop circumcising because some uppity , self-righteous scandinavians tell them they 're being mean ? 
  then why do we bother helping the palestinians at all ? 
  if we get no goodwill from giving them almost a billion dollars , why not just give that extra billion to someone who would actually appreciate it ? 
  i 'm sure the poles or the baltic states or some other countries that actually likes us could use that money . 
  listen , i 'm on your side here . 
  i 'm a pretty shameless partisan for the israelis , because the palestinians have nothing to offer anyone , strategically speaking . 
  the fact that the israelis uprooting some trees gets as much media coverage ( or more ) than a few thousand rapes in the congo is appalling . 
  does it ? 
  the us gives the palestinians hundreds of millions of dollars and they hate us . 
  they do n't really love the europeans either , they just cynically appeal to them for help because europeans do n't like jews as much as americans do . 
  english is a west germanic language , meaning that its closest relatives are scots , frisian , dutch , and german . 
  english belongs to the anglo-frisian subfamily , so frisian is the closest-related continental language to english , then low german , then dutch and german are about equally distantly related . 
  it 's not as closely related to danish , though we did take vocabulary from the norse . 
  oh yes , i knew that israel provides gaza with power . 
  the gazans do n't regularly pay for it , though , if i recall correctly . 
  and in any case , a desalination plant would take up a lot of power , meaning that gaza would probably need a local power plant to avoid using a huge percentage of the power that is used by normal gazans today . 
  you had no legal or moral obligation to `` restore '' poland , the baltics , or east germany , and you only got that `` obligation '' because you shamelessly occupied or annexed them , despite the fact that none of those people ever wanted you there in the first place , and had actually fought some wars 30 years previously to get you out of their countries . 
   how the ~ ~ western soviet empire ~ ~ * former territory of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth * ( poland , ukraine , baltic ) was a giant human meat grinder during world war ii, 
   legal , but not moral . 
  what is your argument here ? 
  the russian federation encompasses the vast majority of the territory and the population of the former ussr . 
  the overarching strategy behind russian foreign policy since the fall of the ussr is no different from soviet foreign policy or imperial russian foreign policy before that : russia 's border countries must be vassals or enemies . 
   tens of millions of russians finding themselves living in foreign countries , because they were colonists sent there to russify the population . 
  not very many people feel bad for the * pieds noirs * or the rhodesians , i do n't know why russians expect to be treated any differently . 
   do people in turkey realise how erdogan 's actions will be seen in the rest of europe ? 
  most people on europe 's periphery ( russia , turkey , israel , north africa ) could not give any less of a shit about what the europeans think . 
  um , not to be dense , but can you provide some background about that airport in the west bank ? 
  i consider myself fairly well-versed in the israeli-palestinian conflict , but i have zero recollection of an airport in the west bank being bombed , and i ca n't find anything mentioning an airport in the west bank . 
  the only airport that used to exist in the west bank is the atarot air field , which has been closed since 2001 . 
  the yasser arafat international airport in * gaza * was bombed in 2001 . 
  and that was n't paid for by the eu , it was paid for by japan , egypt , saudi arabia , spain , and germany . 
  and even if the gazans did have a regular power supply , who 's going to the pay for the power ? 
   as for egypt they currently sit with a 257.3 billion gdp and israel is 10 billion short at 242.9 . 
  israel has less than a tenth of egypt 's population , making israel 's per capita gdp much , * much * higher than egypt 's . 
  actually the palestinians are not just ignored by the gulf arabs , they 're actively disliked . 
  arafat sided with saddam during the iraqi invasion of kuwait , and nobody in the region has forgotten that . 
  400,000 palestinians were expelled from kuwait following it 's liberation . 
  kaliningrad , also made `` russian '' through mass deportation and ethnic cleansing , is russia 's more important warm-water port . 
  that 's a ridiculous comparison . 
  pearl harbor was a surprise attack on us . 
  the french were n't even attacked themselves before 1940 !, 
  the french had a mobilization timeline drawn out in the franco-polish defense treaty and they failed to uphold that timeline . 
  if the french had scrambled to defend poland and failed , your `` they were n't prepared '' excuse might hold water . 
  since they did n't even bother trying , their excuse is gone . 
  and then promptly left . 
  they barely fought anyone and definitely did n't divert german resources from the invasion of poland . 
  first of all , he was talking about ww2 , not ww1 , and while he may be describing the general attitude in france , i have every right to point out that that attitude is based on a misconception of history , if frenchmen are assuming that they stood alone on the continent against the nazis , when the truth is that it is the french who abandoned their allies on the continent , first the czechoslovak republic and then the polish republic . 
  well , the usa had no legally binding treaty obligating them to help , like france did . 
  that said , we still helped the allied war effort even before joining the war . 
  do i think we should have joined the war earlier ? 
  yes . 
  but we did n't * have * to get involved , while france was * legally obligated to do something and * failed * to do so . 
  what does poland not really being an industrial power have to do with anything . 
  they were the french 's ally and france should have done * something * to help them instead of sitting around with their thumbs up their asses waiting for poland to be pulverized . 
  so you had terrible generals : that does not excuse the rest of you for pretending like you were all alone and abandoned on the continent when you summarily told the poles , your major continental ally , to get fucked . 
  uh , i think our response was fairly measured , really . 
  we identified the country harboring the leaders of the organization that had planned the attack on us , overthrew the ( itself illegitimate and tyrannical ) government , and tried to set up a more stable system in its place so that similar jihadist organizations would not find a safe harbor there in the future . 
  obviously , everything did n't work out as planned , but i think overall the response was n't crazy . 
  as for the french , if they were that gun-shy about war , they should n't have signed a bunch of mutual defense treaties with vulnerable central european states . 
  once their treaty ally was attacked , they have no excuse for not acting on thee obligation to defend poland . 
  oh , you were alone on the continent against germany ? 
  your polish allies disagree . 
  when they were fighting the germans , y' all were sitting on the west bank of the rhine just diddling yourselves and waiting for the inevitable german invasion while the german border on the other side was basically unguarded . 
  you can use `` please '' for all of those situations in english , too . 
  i am english-american , but i 've also got scottish , swedish , irish , lithuanian , and french heritage , so normally i just go with lithuanian-american ( because my last name is from my lithuanian ancestors ) or british-american , because i 've got english and scottish on one side , and irish on the other . 
  and that reason was that congress failed to do its constitutional duty to obstruct the president from arrogating powers allotted to the congress to himself . 
  the us system was not designed to be `` effective , '' it was designed to guard against tyranny by separating powers and setting the congress , the president , and the supreme court against one another . 
   the bigger cultural problem ( shared by most of the developed world ) is that current lifestyle is just incompatible with human biology . 
  humans are meant to start families at the age of ~ 13 and it was that way for thousands of years , it was normal ( although not average ) even as recently as in the xix century . 
  i am working on my family 's genealogy and literally no one in my ( northern european ) family has had a child before 20 , up until like the 1850s . 
   lithuanians were never part of kievan rus and they subjugated [ principality of polatsk ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/principality_of_polotsk#decline ) not grew from it . 
  it 's not entirely clear that polotsk was militarily subjugated or whether the lithuanians subverted the existing institution and absorbed it . 
  the relevant paragraph in the wiki page you cited has no citations at all . 
   but is n't it hard to claim to be a successor of kievan rus , while belonging to a totally different linguistic group though ? 
  while the first few grand dukes might have been ethnically lithuanian , after the rapid expansion of the state , the vast majority of the population , both for serfs and for the nobility , were ruthenians . 
  the lithuanian nobility assimilated to their ruthenian brethren , and the language of administration in the gdl was ruthenian or * ruski * . 
  after a couple of generations , there was n't very much `` lithuanian '' about the gdl , except in the area where the lithuanian peasantry stayed . 
   ( novgorod was connected to hanza ; polatsk stood on the trade route from caspian-volga-belorussia-southern baltics ; and kiev another entity in the south ... 
  i 'm not sure why you 're bringing up novgorod .
