look at that tub of lard . 
  i always say `` go to m\u00fcnchen , have an oktoberfest , just remember to do it in may '' . 
  amateur night . 
  the church is not exactly an innocent bystander that is being provoked , it has a huge part in perpetuating homophobia in society . 
  the pride activists are addressing the root of their problem by confronting the church , although you can always discuss which the suitable and less suitable ways to do so are . 
  25 minutes on the stockholm subway green line , the chariot of the people . 
  not there though , you can buy a house for pocket money in those parts . 
  dehumanization is important for people to justify their hate . 
  this is a serious concern for the police in that particular part of southern stockholm . 
  this is the best swedish example , his control of and contribution to the swedish language is amazing , considering he was n't born in sweden . 
  liv ullman , the first lady of ingmar bergman dramas , comes from norway . 
  germany is where i go from sweden to cheer up during winter . 
  berlin is near tropical in comparison . 
  good , i was worried they would blow themselves . 
  no , gives 1.5 billion , gets 5.5 . 
  ok , can we have the 5.5 billion euro the eu gave romania last year back ? 
  there are no `` facts '' about how much the beggars are making but i can assure you that there is great reluctance to give them any money among the swedish public . 
  both because of suspicion but also reluctance to give directly to beggars , people much rather give to the red cross etc. 
  i pass five beggars on my 5 minute walk to the subway and i have literally never seen anyone give them any money , the economic model is a mystery . 
  fair enough , a few counterpoints though : the romani people could be given better conditions back home in romania , i can only imagine how poor they must be when they prefer to sleep on the streets and earn almost no money begging here ( swedes generally shun public begging ) . 
  romania could use some of the eu money received for exactly this purpose . 
  the fact is that romania is one of the largest net benefactors of eu funding and still romania wants to accept little responsibility for refugees or their own romani citizens . 
  there is very little swedish authorites can do for the romani here since they are not swedish citizens ( no , they are of course not refugees , coming from romania ) . 
  somewhere along the line they got romanian passports ... 
  ok , romania does not want any foreign refugees , does that mean that they will instead take care of the thousands of romanian citizens that have migrated to beg on the streets in other parts of europe ? 
  there are about 2000-3000 homeless romanian romani just here in stockholm , surely they will be taken care of by romanian authorites , now that romania has decided not to care for foreigners ? 
  yeah , it is like when those economic migrants from east germany flooded into the west in 1989 . 
  why did the czechs and others allow them to break the law ? 
  especially since their fence actually worked . 
  for the same reason that the conservatives will not discuss taxes with the left party , there is nothing they could agree on . 
  what could a party that wants no immigration or next to no immigration add to a refugee crisis talk ? 
  there is nothing undemocratic about it , any party could initiate this kind of discussions with any other party if they both agree to . 
  people around where i grew up in rural sweden would call a plastic bag `` polish briefcase '' , but i think ( hope ) that they have progressed beyond that now . 
  expect more empty beer bottles in orbit . 
  am i the most social-libertarian so far ? 
  : economic left/right : -2.5 social liberitarian/authoritarian : -8.15, 
  that does not contradict what i wrote since it says nothing about the total number of crimes , just the distribution between perpetrators of different origins . 
  the difference between swedish-born and foreign-born offenders is greatly reduced if you account for other factors , such as social class . 
  i am proud that sweden has a broad definition of rape and a high frequency of reporting rape , even if it brings up the numbers . 
  hey , at least we 're the capital of something ( and the refugee/rape thing is a tiresome , right-wing fantasy ) !, 
  quadruple your gdp per capita and raise standard of living manyfold ? 
  yes , where carter farmed peanuts and was governor . 
  i am hoping for someone to mention jimmy carter, 
  `` picturesque village '' , it is a piece of frozen scandinavian wilderness , partly turned into a wasteland by years of target practice by the local infantry and artillery bases ( yes , i have been there ) . 
  anyway , the refugees were taken there on an 18 hour bus ride , without being told where they were going . 
  they never said they did not want to live in grytan , they were upset with being driven into the woods without any explanation . 
  one of them was asked where he would like to live if he could choose and that single person said that he , personally , would like to live near av big city . 
  the rest was a media thing . 
  we have fewer traumatic or really dramatic events in recent history , compared to most other european countries . 
  still , people do talk about the murders of olof palme and anna lind and people who remember 1994 will tell you about the wonderful summer when sweden came in third in the world cup : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zaqhwdiwse4, 
  that is hilarious , they should use that in an ad . 
  sounds intersting , although i hope that sweden would not allow an occupation of norway ( this time ) . 
  was this the year you would find all sorts of orcs in white and blue jerseys parading up and down downtown stockholm barking something about 6-1 ? 
  that did n't really work out the way it was planned : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gustav_i_of_sweden#resistance_against_the_danish, 
  can you hear the silence in helsinki ? 
  you are thinking of sponsors , not supporters . 
  \u00d6is , the brommapojkarna of gothenburg . 
  alright , that was going too far , sorry . 
  \u00d6is have supporters ? 
  as a swede you had to have an ikea catalogue by your desk . 
  thank you for perpetuating the stereotype . 
  hannah arendt use denmark as her best example of how evil can be stopped by people simply not going along with it . 
  the germans relied on complience from authorites and people in general in all occupied countries , oppression is surprisingly difficult if the oppressed wont take part . 
  the danes could show a unified front of non-complience when it came to persecution of jews that even perplexed and ultimately pacified the ss and , to some degree , the gestapo . 
  the final deportation attempt was not carried out until late in 1943 and the danish authorites refused to raid the homes of jews . 
  only people who opened the door when the gestapo knocked were deported , the rest were succesfully evacuated to sweden , by the danish resistance . 
  willy brandt - easily my favourite bundeskanzler , not only because he is the only one among the past and present chancellors that would do something like this . 
  it reminds me about the documentary about a women 's prison in afghanistan where women were free to live independent lives as individuals , which of course they were not outside the walls . 
  that is just wrong . 
  you confuse `` normal '' with `` common '' , it becomes more evident if you put normal in the negative , if something is not normal or abnormal . 
  `` normal '' has a clear positive value . 
  i have literally never heard of anyone pretending to be gay to gain attention but i know of many , many cases where gay people pretend to be straight to avoid social stigma . 
  especially since sweden do n't have a president . 
  they are all untrue or misleading , except for the one about immigration per capita . 
  why would a german diplomat drive a volvo ? 
  the horror !, 
  yes . 
  yes , that is finland . 
  in his defense , we also use `` kusk '' , but it exclusively referes to someone driving a horse and carriage . 
  i have spent a lot of time among swedish-speaking finns in finland and it is a bit like being in a just slightly different , parallel universe . 
  it is very much like being in sweden but some of the finer details are just a little bit off . 
  people use words that are a bit old-fashioned and formal , and 1980 's , swedish pop somehow never went out of style there . 
  they 're ok . do n't get them drunk . 
  those need some aalborg akvavit, 
  only finns could add cold rice to cardboard and call it food . 
  not socialist countries per se , he was active and famous through international associations and networks of social democrats and neutral countries . 
  he was also a close personal friend of willy brandt and he was generally speaking close to the german social democrats . 
  there is one olof palme platz in berlin , by the zoo in west berlin , not in the east . 
  and it was ingmar bergman . 
  i come from a small , rural village in sweden where you would be considered weird or even hostile if you do n't put one of those ghastly things in your window . 
  i guess the author just wanted to make a duran duran reference really bad . 
  a more recent development is that they are now also making submarines : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/a26_submarine, 
  this is yet another story from rt aimed at portraying the liberal west as failed , sweden being the poster boy of liberal states . 
  swedish media also report an increase in gun violence , however , the paper said that there had been 27 shootings in my part of stockholm alone , this year . 
  i do not think that this has really affected the general impression among swedes that sweden is safer and more peaceful than most other countries . 
  there goes the neighborhood, 
  the tourism industry must also be a really significant source of employment in prague . 
  there you go , then . 
  can you detect a difference between that sentiment and the argument made by bj\u00f6rn s\u00f6der that if you give homosexuals equal rights you will also have to give equal rights to pedophiles ? 
  i believe that there might be some members that accept gay rights , while the vast majority does not .
