  there were always wolf in sweden , although less than ten in the early 1970 's and only thanks to one specific preservation effort in v\u00e4rmland . 
  i would be ok with the it-is-ok-to-be-gay-if-you-shut-up-about-it-rhetoric if it also applied to heterosexuals . 
  as for now there are blatant displays of heterosexuality all over society and everyday life . 
  do you think that is different ? 
  then you are not fine with people being gay . 
  catholics have `` accidents '', 
  and also `` fuck yeah , we report suicide as something else '' . 
  people living along the road might have a small association that share the responsibility , that is usually how it is done in rural sweden ( `` v\u00e4gf\u00f6rening '' ) . 
  that is how you become king . 
  he can devour any usurper . 
  [ here they are at the london 2012 olympics ] ( http://imgur.com/a/haepk ) . 
  his majesty should be thankful they let him back into an olympic arena . 
  take a look at what female ministers have resigned over and what male ministers have gotten away with in sweden , the pattern is clear . 
  she would never have had to resign if she had been a man , someone like carl bildt would just have laughed it off . 
  many of these did move there , however , from berlin after the war . 
  siemens is , for example , a good old berlin-company but west berlin was a poor choice for an export industry ( east berlin being obviously worse ) . 
  the mittelstand is made up of really old bavarian companies . 
  a lot of young people in sweden choose spanish over german in school because german and germany is considered dull for some reason , while spanish is associated with holidays and debauchery . 
  i was very excited about going to live in munich for a few months and people here assumed that i had gotten sentenced to it or that i had some very lucrative deal to go there . 
  youngsters want to go to barcelona without realizing that the best debauchery in europe is still to be found in berlin . 
  debauchery aside , it is also a much better career choice to learn german than spanish in sweden , germany is , for instance , our biggest export market . 
  then you let elementary school bullies set the social policy agenda for the country . 
  you can not wait for values to change before you change the law , it works the other way around , laws shape values . 
  for example : two thirds of the swedish population thought it was wrong to outlaw child spanking in 1979 but just three years after the law was passed two thirds were instead against spanking . 
  last time i was in prague i got a hotel in the further end of the prague 3 district , due to bad planning . 
  it was actually really nice to live away from the tourist inferno of old town , in fact i think i will choose that part again next time i go there . 
  they add in body heat in energy plans for all new housing these days , which means that if you live alone in an apartment designed for several people you will be cold in the winter . 
  cold and lonley . 
  osaka lies about where kobe should be , it should be moved to the other ( eastern ) corner of that bay . 
  kyoto is just north of osaka ( about 40 km ) . 
  kobe , osaka and kyoto forms a tight triangle ( kansai ) . 
  i was just reading about the reichtag fire of 1933 in christopher isherwood 's wonderful novel `` goodbye to berlin '' . 
  the parallel between germany then and turkey today is uncanny . 
  i have heard about elias canetti and he was pretty great . 
  he was , of course , rather multicultural but born and raised in bulgaria . 
  i too would have thought that a majority of swedes were against it , everyone i knew back then certainly were , but the result is still fitting for the swedish position on foreign policy . 
  it is the middle way , the neutral stance , the seeing-both-sides position that is so typical of swedish politics . 
  this is how sweden during 40 years of cold war refused to officially take sides between the free west and the dictatorships in the east , as if the two were morally equal . 
  unofficially sweden cooperated with nato , of course , gathering and passing along intelligence about the soviet union etc. 
  i am sittning in a pub in london right now . 
  i am actually tipping . 
  can the rest of us still vote denmark out ? 
  [ come to stockholm ] ( http://stockholmitregion.com/ ) , everyone else is . 
  it is easy to get an it-job and english is sufficient for most of them . 
  looking forward to reading about how this is the result of immigration/feminism/political correctness . 
  that is a thing in some circles . 
  there is nothing else going on in the uk that the guardian could be writing about . 
  it is in some sense a german import but much older , [ it has medieval traditions in sweden ] ( https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/midsommarst%c3%a5ng ) . 
  either you are really old or just old enough not to remember correctly . 
  also , having lived in \u00d6stersund for five years i know that some things are simply ( and proudly ) done differently up there . 
  it certainly was n't your brain as it is about 5 percent now . 
  immigration , universal childcare coverage , paid parental leave and gender equality ( parents share work ) in the case of sweden . 
  the birth rates were high before the immigration spike . 
  a suggestion you should probably keep to yourself if in a bar in , let 's say , aberdeen . 
  not that you are wrong , though . 
  funny , too err is human etc. 
  midsummer 's eve is celebrated on friday here in sweden and as with all other holidays in sweden the celebrations mainly consist of consuming pickled herring and akvavit . 
  oh , and we also erect a gigantic phallus covered in flowers that we drunkenly dance around in order to properly traumatize young children and teetotallers . 
  edit : spelling , as pointed out . 
  i am sorry people in lithuania considers it news that something horrible did not happen but this is of course great . 
  the pride parade here in stockholm has kind of lost its political meaning with 60,000-70 ,000 walking and 600,000 following but those kids in vilnius are making a difference . 
  kiss-greeters should be pepper-sprayed . 
  only in finland do you hail a bus . 
  i was standing at a bus stop in helsinki when my local friend started waving at an approching bus , i thougth she was having a fit of some sort . 
  very outgoing to draw attention like that , we swedes just stand and glare . 
  it is fascinating that there still are such great differences on this issue in europe . 
  i once visited what was then the only gay club in lithuania ( or so they said ) . 
  it was basically a well behaved high school disco , although it was set in what looked like the vestibule of a rural finnish hotel . 
  small groups of people stood around the walls , sipping drinks and looking quite forlorn . 
  things certainly were n't gay , but as a swede i kind of liked the quiet drinking part . 
  there were only about 30 people there , of which about 1/3 were foreigners , 1/3 locals and 1/3 queer-starved people who had travelled from other parts of the country ( rough estimate ) . 
  still , you had to be buzzed in and every time someone was about to leave the guard popped his head out the door to see if the coast was clear . 
  mainz or wiesbaden would make more sense but i guess people do n't really go there either ( from abroad ) . 
  the taxi driver who took me from the airport offered to go around the city center to avoid the trafic around the new lidl store . 
  i told him i wanted to see it for myself . 
  right back at you . 
  i do n't know , shopping malls give me anxiety attacks , do they have bars there ? 
  one can only dream, 
  sounds exciting !, 
  i am only going to vilnius for the weekend , hoping to make [ this guide to lithuanian beer ] ( http://www.garshol.priv.no/download/lithuanian-beer-guide/book.pdf ) useful . 
  i am going to lithuania for the first time tomorrow and i was wondering what people do for fun there and what to see . 
  guess i 'm hanging out at the lidl store . 
  luckily , drinking vodka in the park is finland 's favorite pastime . 
  winner among non-wineproducing countries !, 
  i think that the [ propeller ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_ericsson ) is pretty significant ( although it was n't really the work of one man ) . 
  they were allowed where there was a local jewish community , there was , for instance , a thriving jewish community in norrk\u00f6ping . 
  strange that the laws were stricter in norway than in sweden at that time considering that the two countries were in a union . 
  jews were first allowed to enter and live in sweden in 1782 , although it was impossible to be anything other than a lutheran as a swedish citizen , until 1860 . 
  still you need two breakfasts . 
  i once had a moose standing in the middle of a small gravel road , blocking it when i came driving in my tiny peugeot . 
  i had to get out of the car and slam the car door and yell at him to get out of the way . 
  he stood still a while and then only slowly walked off into the woods , visibly irritated . 
  a friend of mine was an aid worker in the sub-saharan africa . 
  he complained that most of his fellow aid workers were just careerist academics . 
  `` what about the peace corp ? '', 
  i asked , `` those young americans sure seem really idealistic '' . 
  `` yes '' , he said , `` but they do n't know shit '' . 
  someone said that the ban on horse carts on romanian roads was the origin of the horse meat scandal a few years ago , horse meat got so cheap that horse meat became a low cost meat filler in ikea meatballs and other products . 
  we also had a prime minister killed in the street and a foreign minister killed in a department store . 
  the last issue was gym class , they gender segregated those .
