  the substitute party leader associated gays with the `` extermination war against the family '' , the present party leader called gay people `` tasteless '' ( as if he would know about taste ) and the second deputy speaker of the parliament described homosexuals as an example of decadence and perversion leading to the disintegration of society . 
  the official party line says that harassment of gays is wrong but that sexuality is a private matter that should not enter politics . 
  you can value gay rights and still be concerned with immigration but to value gay rights and support a homophobic party is a different matter . 
  then he should really consider switching to a different party . 
  if you knew anything about swedish politics you would know that these people do not in any way support gay rights . 
  gay rights , animal rights and conservation are all good things regardless of who supports them , the point is that the sweden democrats does not support gay rights and pretending to do so changes nothing . 
  they only suppport less immigration and less multiculturalism , this march does not support lgbt rights in any way . 
  well , it is not really irrelevant , is it ? 
  if a group that is clearly and proudly homophobic suddenly decides to have a `` pride '' march , then something is not what it seems to be . 
  it was a march with 28 participants , most people probably did n't notice it . 
  yes , but the feelings are not mutual , the people they call pedophiles are not going to support the sweden democrats . 
  do you think it is strange that a march that attacted 28 participants is gaining all this attention , in media like putins propaganda-megaphone rt ? 
  this has nothing to do with lgbt rights and everything to do with immigration and gay people in sweden are rightfully upset that the homophobes of the far right are using them for their purposes . 
  they are , these are the gay-bashing skinheads of the 1990 's , now in suits . 
  these people are the main threat to lgbt rights in sweden and the idea that they would support those rights and show pride of homosexuality is just to silly to be taken seriously . 
  that is very short sighted , if the people behind this mock pride march were in power they would set lgbt rights back 50 years . 
  this mock `` pride '' march attracted 28 participants , presumedly all supporters of the xenofobic and latently homofobic far-right . 
  the real stockholm pride march will attract half a million participants tomorrow . 
  those exist exclusively on reddit and some rigth-wing blogs . 
  that was actually the best way to get out of the service here in sweden , to say that you really wanted to fire a machine gun . 
  i wish i had known that back then . 
  by the time i was due to undergo evaluation for conscription ( at 18 ) , less than half of every youth was actually conscripted for actual service , the rest were put in the reserve . 
  it was kind of a lottery , some had to spend a year learning how to polish their boots and the rest got to go on with their lives . 
  i was picked to serve for some reason , which made made me furious since i wanted to go to the university . 
  a lot of people who wanted to serve were not allowed to , they were put in the reserve . 
  everything turned out ok in the long run , in fact i volunteered for two extra months at the end . 
  some 70-80 percent of all lamb consumed in the eu is halal , clearly not all by muslims . 
  it is simply cheaper to slaugther that way and the butchers explore this opportunity . 
  a good way to avoid halal is , by the way , to eat swedish meat , halal has never been allowed here . 
  rural roads in northern sweden sometimes take a detour into norway because of lakes or mountains being in the way , like in northern j\u00e4mtland . 
  you would n't know unless you check the route on a map . 
  it really has , the population was dropping for about 25 years , beginning in the early 1970 's , due to restrucuring of the industry . 
  malm\u00f6 was pretty bleak in the 1990 's but it has turned around in great way , partly because of the bridge to copenhagen . 
  the netherlands is the only country i know of where cheese cubes with mustard is considered a beer snack , delicious as it is . 
  hard not to think of this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjhq9eq_ejg, 
  imperium is hilarious , as is faserland . 
  kracht is swiss , though, 
  gombrowicz is amazing . 
  one thing i really like about poland and polish literature is the national pride of authors like gombrowicz and czeslaw milosz , who both made fun of polish nationalism throughout their careers . 
  people do n't seem to care , they were great polish writers and that is what counts ( though milosz was born in lithuania ) . 
  you have a lot of great authors in the czech republic , hrabal is fantastic . 
  there are som younger ones , like jaroslav rudis , who are interesting , and i really like the writing of a man who calls himself emil hakl . 
  i am re-reading it today for my trip to prague tomorrow , as i usually do . 
  it would be like jews rallying with the nazis . 
  their entire history of homophobia ? 
  being slightly reformed , gay-bashing skinheads ? 
  you only need to know a tiny bit about this party to understand that it is an utterly homophobic one . 
  of course not and noone in the lgbt community would touch this mock event with a ten foot pole . 
  this mock pride march is arranged by the swedish democrats , a party stemming from the white power movement of the 1990 's , which is guilty of harassing and at times even murdering people for their sexual orientation . 
  the idea that anyone who is gay would participate is ridiculous . 
  so when a neo-fascist homophobe decides to arrange a `` pride '' festival in an area with a lot of middle eastern immigrants in order to cause a disturbance , the gay community should forget decades of gay-bashing and jump on the bandwagon ? 
  would you drink that with dinner like an aquavit or afterwards , with coffee , like a brandy ? 
  it seems like finns always have clear spirits with food , while the rest of the nordic countries have their aquavit ( snaps ) . 
  russian vodka-tradition perhaps ? 
  it is the word for `` beer '' . 
  yksi olut , kiitos ( `` one beer , please '' ) is about as much finnish i know and it is plenty . 
  olut goes a long way . 
  yes , and do not confuse it with viina , take my word for it . 
  my poor liver ... you migth get a lukevarm lager in a dirty 40cl glass at some dive here in stockholm for 4-5 euros but a proper beer would be more like 6-8 , a really good one could be 15 . 
  the funny thing is that you see norweigian tourists getting plastered here because sweden is so `` cheap '' . 
  that is like wishing for a mongolian invasion . 
  i live in stockholm ( no. 48 ) and was thinking of going to krakow ( no. 1 ) next week . 
  looks like that trip will more or less pay for itself . 
  yes , exactly , and bonus points for the weber reference . 
  it is true that we are mostly secular but sweden really is very , very protestant . 
  we are the talibans of the lutheran world . 
  the map vastly overstates the importance of samis in the north of scandinavia , the sami language is a small minority language in all parts of the nordic countries , including the most northern parts . 
  `` dom '' should not be used in written swedish , unless you refer to a verdict in a court of law or , possibly , a cathedral . 
  czech author bohumil hrabal told a beautiful little story about the skoda his father bought in the 1920 's . 
  his father used to have a motorcycle of questionable quality , it broke down all the time and he had to spend all of his weekends taking it apart and putting it back together . 
  he finally got rid of the motorcycle and bought a small skoda lorry instead . 
  this never broke down , no matter what , and it eventually started to botter him . 
  it got to the point where he had to take it apart to see how it could work so well . 
  he then continued to do this every weekend . 
  hrabal tells the story really well , you can tell that the father actually valued those weekends in the garage and that the skoda therefore was both a great vehicle and a great disappointment . 
  my point is that this `` shock '' has been proven ineffective in changing behavior in a positive direction , as well as being damaging to the child ( trust issues etc ) . 
  it is much more effective to talk to the child and , if necessary , use various guilt techniques that cause to child to think about how to behave . 
  guilt is a lot more effective than violence . 
  a spanking absolves you from your sins quickly , guilt will make you work long and hard to undo what you have done wrong . 
  it really is like the difference between catholicism and protestantism . 
  i disagree , there is no support in research of slapping and spanking having positive effects and plenty of support for it having negative effects . 
  the slap seem to have been quite violent , found this newsarticle in english : http://www.thelocal.se/20110906/35982, 
  the definition varies from one country to the next . 
  an italian tourist gave his unruly child a violent slap at a restaurant in central stockholm a few years ago . 
  some of the other ( swedish ) guests at the restaurant called the police and the incident was reported in several major newspapers . 
  the father was found guilty of assaulting a minor by the stockholm district court . 
  edit : forgot to say that the italian parents were completely perplexed by the intrusion into their family matters, 
  sweden was the first country in the world to outlaw all kinds of violence against children in 1979 . 
  this was seen around the world as sure proof that the liberal-progressive experiment that was sweden had finally gone off the rails . 
  it was considered naive to think that you could forbid parents to discipline their children and the effects on society was going to be horrible , lawless youths and decline in public morals etc. 
  sweden had simply been led into a terrible position by egghead leftists who did not understand how the real world worked . 
  i think about this sometimes when i read some of the reactions to today 's liberal swedish policies here . 
  you know it is bad when people move to sweden to get lower taxes . 
  i would assume that the vast majority of them are as supportive or non-supportive of gay rights as any other group . 
  strongly religious muslims , like strongly religious christians , are , of course , less supportive . 
  muslims are - contrary to popular belief here on reddit - not a large demographic in sweden and their impact on public opinion is very limited . 
  there is practically no public institution of any kind in sweden that is not represented in the stockholm pride march . 
  it has 60 000 participants and 600 000 ( cheerful ) people watching on the streets , in a country of 9 million . 
  it has gotten to the point that there is noone left to protest against , the march has become a march against homophobia in other countries . 
  it is only fair , they paid good money for it .
