  i think that the trust-building effect of conscription is over-estimated , especially if carried out like in the 1990 's . 
  back then it was kind of a lottery , some people who wanted to do their service were put in the reserve while others who would rather study or do something else had to serve , under threat of prison . 
  the system was unpredictable and it created friction between those who had to spend a year shining boots and those who could go on with their lives . 
  luckily we have a head of state , the king , who could pass a third grade swedish test on a good day . 
  possibly . 
  people sometimes do on the airport coach from arlanda , for some reason . 
  cute . 
  their country of origin is stated on the cover of their passports . 
  the rest of the world just do n't like their crappy beer . 
  funny that no one has mentioned `` the good soldier svejk '' by jaroslav hasek , i reread once every five years or so . 
  hrabal is wonderful , his trilogy about his parents and his uncle is really captivating . 
  i think he was at his best in `` joyful blues/beautiful sadness '' . 
  this summer i even traveled from stockholm to `` the little town where time stood still '' , nymburk , just to visit the small hrabal museum . 
  good list but you need a little hrabal . 
  do n't tell me this , i want to believe that most poles are either pipe smoking intellectuals discussing milosz and krall or post-communist , liberal youths into edgy stuff like maslowska . 
  i 'm just going to keep to my books . 
  probably because of the homoerotic bits . 
  good thing they did n't read `` lovetown '' by michal witkowski . 
  no , and i do not know that much , i have maybe read 7-8 polish authors ( kapuscinski , jerzy lec , milosz , krall and a few others ) . 
  gombrowicz is a personal favourite . 
  these pictures make me think of dorota maslowskas hilarious book `` white and red '' ( uk edition ) or `` snow white and russian red '' ( us edition ) . 
  the polish might be one of the more patriotic people in europe , for good historical reasons , but they are also masters of satirizing patriotism . 
  ironically and refreshingly , authors who make fun of nationalism also become objects for national pride , like witold gombrowicz, 
  as an incentive to integrate . 
  why bother learning the language etc if you are only allowed to stay for a limited period of time ? 
  that was an entirely different proposal that would make asylum seeking virtually impossible , breaking a number of international conventions and agreements . 
  but sure , things are unravelling fast with 2000 refugees arriving each day . 
  that 's how it usually start . 
  drunks without borders !, 
  i must have visited this beautiful country at least ten times , usually for several days at the time , but i have only been sober in finland for a total of about 15 minutes . 
  good to know what it really looks like . 
  capitalism and its opposite if you consider that karl marx was related to the philips family . 
  the modern zipper was developed by swedish born engineer gideon sundb\u00e4ck but the first patent was american . 
  switched it for a bus pass . 
  another reason being that i sold my last car years ago . 
  this is a way of stimulating the economy . 
  it is not like they are going to hand it all out in cash to foreigners , all of it will be spent in norway , not least in remote , depopulating areas where there are empty houses . 
  i 'm guessing these are people who did not have any cooperation israeli universities to begin with . 
  i am a researcher and i do not agree with israel 's actions in gaza but i would never dream of letting that get in the way of my work with my colleagues in israel . 
  what would the conversation sound like when i tell them i ca n't interact with them any more because of the actions of their government ? 
  and ikea , i guess . 
  ingmar bergman is the only one that is not entirely shameful . 
  astrid lindgren would be ok too . 
  i thought we were talking about lgbt rights , forgot that everything is about refugees around here . 
  the sterotype of being progressive , open minded and in favor of human rights ? 
  i can live with that stereotype . 
  my guess is that the number for the czech republic would have been about 80-90 % if it had been based on prague alone ? 
  prague is a good lgbt city by any standards , not just for being in that particular region . 
  i know a swedish speaking finn who refers to finnish speakers as `` mongols '' . 
  he is luckily not representative for any group of humans . 
  exactly , all serious surveys combine views with its perceived salience . 
  i think that saudi arabia should become secular and culturally lutheran but i do not expect it to happen . 
  i am surprised only 4 out of 10 muslims in denmark wanted this , should not all of them do so ? 
  i do not think they said that they thought it would ever happen or that they would work towards that goal , it was just a question of values . 
  exactly , wishing do n't make it so . 
  i doubt there is any plans to pursue this as a political objective . 
  you still pay about 0.2 percent of your income to the church as a burial fee , unless you live in stockholm or tran\u00e5s ( !, 
  ) , where the burial fee is administrated by the municipal . 
  the blue line connects to the tv\u00e4rbana tram at solna and sundbyberg , as well as the commuter trains and regional trains in sundbyberg . 
  one of my favorite nobel laureates was born in lithuania , although polish speaking . 
  czeslaw milosz is well worth looking up . 
  making abba-jokes about swedes is like making war-jokes about germans - we can not be held responsible for the crimes of our parents . 
  warsaw is the only place in poland that i have visited and even people from warsaw seem to think i should have gone to krakow or some other place instead . 
  i agree that warsaw is perhaps a little bit of an acquired taste but the city grows on you , and the university , where i stayed , was just beautiful . 
  i believe the correct spelling is `` spiddekauga '' . 
  i lived in the us around the time of 9/11 and i think they had weather maps of afghanistan in some news shows on tv , like a miniature at the bottom of the screen . 
  i guess there was a public interest once there was american boots on the ground . 
  hey , i used to live on bj\u00f6rkv\u00e4gen !, 
  a third of which were donations from sweden , one might add . 
  i have heard something about gripen having superior software that compensates for limitations in the hardware , but maybe i just happen to know too many saab employees . 
  soft numbers . 
  guess which of the nordic countries that use their defense budget to support domestic production of figther jets ? 
  old swedish kings often spoke german or french if they could help it , and then there is of course old number 12 that went for the latin carolus . 
  more abuse for luca ... 
  the bog that [ once was a bleaching pond ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vijlyklfdak ) ? 
  i feel we got off easy . 
  snow is not always nice and fluffy . 
  snow is nice and fluffy on tv ads for ski holidays to the alps . 
  the stuff that came at me sideways while walking to work here in stockholm today was not nice and fluffy . 
  i have heard about crazy plans to turn the [ gulf of bothnia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gulf_of_bothnia ) into a fresh water reserve . 
  one of the many issues one could have with this plan is that there is already an abundance of fresh water in that part of the world , one would have to find a cost efficient way to transport the water to where it is needed . 
  is he out of prison already ? 
  most kids today will not get this reference . 
  my go-to example is how a majority of swedes was against outlawing spanking of children in 1979 but that two thirds of them were in favor of the ban just three years after it was implemented . 
  today is spanking by parents considered completely unacceptable by most swedes . 
  the immigrants are fine , it is peasants like me who need to make a big deal out of living in stockholm . 
  stockholmare are ok , it is the people who have moved there from other parts of the country that are the problem . 
  and i do when i speak to other swedes ( although i might start making an exception for you ) . 
  when i speak to people from the rest of the world i use the most commonly used version in the country in question , hence turku . 
  to start pushing a realtively obscure swedish version on the rest of the world do n't seem worth the trouble . 
  do you also use `` gothenburg '' for g\u00f6teborg because there are more english than swedish speaking people in the world ? 
  it is the majority version , i always use the finnish version of finnish city names in international settings . 
  i have been in turku about 5 or 6 times , all of them during the period november-march . 
  i have actually come to like the cosy bleakness of turku 's angst-ridden streets , the city is like a physical manifestation of a hang-over in winter . 
  there were old , low-tech ones that were probably restricted by the owner because you do n't really need heating in sweden at winter . 
  which is why you can cheat your cheap landlord by wrapping wet towels around it to make the radiator warmer . 
  old student housing knowledge , passed down through the ages . 
  perhaps norway should have bougth a cheaper plane that is ready for delivery , one that is available closer to home . 
  no , in 1971 , while there were still a few wolves in sweden . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/varg_i_skandinavien ) claims the last wolf of the original scandinavian breed was last seen in the winter of 1975/76 , it probably died a couple of years after that .
