  learn finnish in order to be allowed to buy stuff from finland ? 
  the biggest export market for sweden is germany but we do not expect the germans to learn swedish first . 
  i see your point about swedish in schools but trade is not the best argument since sweden is finland 's most important export market and its third most important source of imported goods : http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/fin/, 
  it was up until the early 20th century , when beer with relatively low levels of alchohol was taxed favourably compared to spirits , for public health reasons . 
  no , the other one . 
  my experiences from the swedish armed forces were more along the lines of this illustrative film : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n51i8zkjzmm, 
  yes , but also very high birth rates . 
  the birth rates have been high in sweden for decades , due to intentional family policies towards that end ( paid parental leave , childcare etc ) . 
  someone said that the istanbul underground was the second oldest in the world and the oldest in continental europe . 
  i was ready to believe it when i rode it . 
  the reason why more than half of the policemen in sweden have thoughts about leaving is the recent re-organization of the police force . 
  the police chiefs are keen to address the temporary spike in work load in order to draw attention away from the fact that they bothched the reform and that the police management is incompetent . 
  that the work load is high and the work environment is bad does not help things but that is not the root cause of the problems with the police in sweden, 
  iceland square ( islandstorget ) in stockholm is a little less prominent : http://www.kynerd.net/tunnelbanan/islandstorget.html, 
  bleeding-heart liberals , changing laws that worked well for all those years . 
  not making any promises . 
  one small , positive side-effect of the refugee issue is that swedish xenophobes are at least less openly hateful towards eastern europeans now . 
  baby steps . 
  the welfare systems provide more services and are better funded today than in the 1980 's ( they are however more marketized today ) , the crime rates are lower than in the 1980s , sweden has one of the lowest budget deficits in europe and one of the very lowest levels of national debts . 
  sweden is as neutral as in the 1980 's ( not very ) and having lived in malm\u00f6 i know that there is not a single place a white person ca n't go . 
  i guess this is not the explanation you were looking for ? 
  or you have not been given a fair description of sweden from this subreddit . 
  fittja makes rinkeby and tensta look like something out of an astrid lindgren story . 
  at least all three places got subway connections to the city , there are plenty of areas like this in small towns where there is nothing . 
  like sundsvall , the armpit of the universe . 
  good point . 
  agreed . 
  i ca n't take people who talk like that seriously . 
  the accent in `` trainspotting '' is the posh scottish ? 
  i guess that would be the `` liding\u00f6-i '' , a dental wowel that gives the letter `` i '' a buzzing sound . 
  you push your tongue a little towards your upper front teeth when you pronounce it . 
  that is the reason why owners of expensive cars are more satisfied even if their cars does not work very well . 
  you 're right , he was invited back when he was 14 , to an elementary school where the rest of the kids were 7-8 . 
  that story turned out to be fake , the picture showed a 19 year old athlete that was invited to the school to inspire the children to exercise . 
  he used to be the fastest 14-year old , five years ago , and he was invited back by his teachers : http://www.svt.se/nyheter/regionalt/skane/falsk-bild-smutskastar-ensamkommande, 
  end to farm subsidies led to farmers planting trees on their fields . 
  swedish agriculture was almost entirely deregulated by the 90 's , then the eu happened . 
  100 euros begging ? 
  there is no way the average beggar in sweden makes more than one or a couple of euros a day . 
  perhaps they have other sources of income , including what they can get from charitable organizations , but there are no fortunes going into those paper cups . 
  the most common misconception people in bulgaria and romania have about beggars in sweden is that swedes take pity on them and give them lots of money . 
  the roma beggars are everywhere here in stockholm but i have hardly ever seen anyone give them money . 
  people get very uneasy about open and sometimes pushy begging and just about everyone seem to mistrust the beggars . 
  how they finance their trips here and why they go through obvious hardship ( sleeping on the streets in winter etc ) for almost no money is beyond me . 
  that development started long before the recent spike in migration . 
  in the 80 's you would see women sunbathing topless in city parks all the time but that stopped in the 90 's . 
  i blame the sexualization of nudity as much on american cultural influence . 
  `` swedes have short dicks and long memories '' old norwegian proverb, 
  another worst case scenario would include carl bildt back in a position of influence in sweden ( or anywhere else ) . 
  most of sweden but not where most swedes live . 
  stockholm has a balmy -9 right now and gothenburg and sk\u00e5ne is even warmer . 
  german was his first language . 
  til , thanks . 
  i actually spent about a week on corsica assuming they all just spoke french . 
  considering how much pastis i drank they could have spoken klingon , i guess . 
  still they included corsica on the map , where they speak french ( sort of ) ? 
  yes and no , we swedes are actually quite smug about certain things , like the welfare state and being better than finland at ice hockey . 
  they do up there , always trying to drive home the point that sundsvall is at the half way point between the most southern and most northern ends of the country . 
  mid-sweden university ( mittuniversitetet ) is one such example . 
  the picture in the article is claimed to have been taken in stockholm , while in fact it is clearly taken in sundsvall ( the mid-sweden university campus ) . 
  they could not even find a proper picture showing a group of friends in sweden . 
  very safe . 
  i have lived in malm\u00f6 . 
  that and other films by ulrich seidl was actually the first thing i thought of . 
  yes , one story = anecdotal evidence . 
  israelis would agree , the state of israel supports the adl ( and the index is based on a very large number of telephone interviews , not an online survey ) . 
  the story you linked to is anecdotal , at best . 
  it is the most widely used index of anti-semitism in the world . 
  such measurements of public opinion say more than a few isolated incidents that in all cases took place in neighborhoods with a lot of palestinian refugees . 
  the example you use was also `` completely unbelievable '' in sweden , it was national headline news . 
  you also use `` israel '' and `` jew '' interchangeably , which is wrong . 
  4 % of the adult swedish population harbor anti-semitic views , which could be compared to 45 % in poland ( http://global100.adl.org/#map/weurope ) . 
  the statement that israel is killing palestinians without due process ( or , in most cases , cause ) is not controversial , it is obviously true . 
  still israel trows a tantrum every time someone hints at it , just to deter others with their disproportional response . 
  a swedish dentist has half the education and twice the earnings of a medical doctor . 
  medical doctors often do not like them . 
  yes , and then they return . 
  returning swedes is among the largest `` immigrant '' groups in sweden , the largest before the recent refugee spike . 
  i thought it was sarcastic , like : `` aeey , you stupid klutz '' . 
  not very much , there are close to 50 000 swedes in london . 
  at least the local cheese is cheaper in norway . 
  too bad it is brown . 
  that was my intention . 
  the correct answer would be : 1 . 
  berlin 2 . 
  the only thing worth seeing in frankfurt am main is the suit klaus kinksi wore in `` fitzcarraldo '' ( at the film museum ) . 
  there are no other cities that i know of . 
  sure , but it was based on the famous play `` the madness of king george iii '' . 
  i have worked a little in japan and it was all about being at work as much as possible and very little about what you did there . 
  in sweden we tend to finish up and go home but the japanese are too formalistic to bend the work hours . 
  they do have a lot of holidays , though . 
  perhaps `` the emigrants '' , a great film and a good reminder that people were fleeing from sweden just a couple of generations ago : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_emigrants_%28film%29, 
  great film . 
  i heard they could n't use the full title `` the madness of king george iii '' because americans would think it was a sequel . 
  not a joke . 
  all those who have not yet received a decision from the migration authorities , which should include most if not all of those that sought asylum this autumn/winter . 
  family reunification will be effectively abolished from the first of april . 
  sweden spends about the same on defense today as we did back when we had a conscript army . 
  this is an incredible accomplishment considering we now have a strictly symbolic defense , it was only possible using military economics . 
  ( by the way : sweden spends 35 billion sek on refugees this year , out of a national budget of about 950 billion ) .
