   why would/should companies using panama as a tax haven be literally any different ? 
  there is nothing wrong with owning offshore companies . 
  there are many reasons to have them . 
  it gets problematic when you do n't declare them . 
  because then the domestic tax authorities do n't have a chance to evaluate the implications of owning said companies . 
   german redditors who speak enough english for reddit usually have some kind of higher education and tend to associate with other people of the same educational background , giving them a false impression . 
  westerwelle had some kind of higher education ( a phd in law ) and was the foreign minister of germany . 
  i really liked him , but his level of english was embarrassing during his first few months as a minister . 
  gib south stream . 
  i 'd go with liechtenstein . 
  every other neighbor seems like too much trouble to me . 
  also , vorarlbergers would have someone to talk to . 
  we have more refugees per capita than germany . 
  so , yes . 
  they are going to austria . 
   lt. atan shubashi ( friedrich georg beckhaus ) is the astrogator and star cartographer of the orion . 
  h ** e is the owner of 264 , one of the last 367 poodles that still exist on earth . 
  ** 10/10 would watch . 
  ^ * citation ^ needed . 
   yeah but i doubt most people are aware of what being in the eea means . 
  that 's actually quite sad . 
  and probably true . 
   you were saying ? 
  that you should read up on trade law and politics . 
  again , you do n't seem to know what the single market is . 
  actually , i think it 's quite cute . 
  you seem to press for an agreement that only liberalises trade in goods , which is funny considering that the uk is more interested in trade in services . 
  in a way , that would be awesome for both france and germany . 
  as i said before , read the ftas you are quoting from and look into the commitments made . 
  hint : mode 2 and 3 services liberalisation is what you should be looking for . 
  because the single market - especially for britain - is not only about reduction/elimination of tariffs . 
  canada , south africa and peru do n't have access to the single market . 
  please start to read those ftas before coming here and repeat this lie over and over . 
  it 's simply not true . 
  and yes , the uk can do whatever it wants . 
  but at least read up on trade politics and law before making a decision ... 
   if it left it would n't be asking for money ( and nor should it ) , it just would n't be paying in its $ 10b ` protection money ' . 
  sounds like asking for access to the single market without contributing anything . 
  nb : i do n't really care about downvotes from salty brits . 
  so , you are basically asking for handouts . 
  and you are kinda mad at everyone that people figured that out . 
  edit : frankly , i 'm cool with you getting a similar deal as switzerland and norway . 
  but that means that you are going to pay and have to stick to the rules . 
  and that means that certain benefits for the city of london will disappear too . 
  the eu is not a charity for non-members . 
  wait , they basically told you that you 'd be out for good , if you choose to leave . 
  thought that was the move you were aiming for ? 
  you realise that financial services are still heavily restricted under virtually every eu fta ? 
  even under ceta , which is n't in force right now . 
  i appreciate the `` make america ... errr ... the uk great again '' campaign that appeals to a lot of the regular folks . 
  but honestly , pointing to the many ftas the eu has is pretty stupid . 
  you are n't even part of schengen now . 
  norway , switzerland , iceland , liechtenstein and the uk . 
  i guess you could finally pretend to be the top dog again in case you rejoin . 
   do n't you realize that 's the case with every international treaty ? 
  that 's just how it works , they are not part of national laws . 
  [ weeell ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monism_and_dualism_in_international_law ), 
   me right or them wrong , we 'll make our own damn minds up in the uk whatever you guys reply or upvote or downvote . 
  well ... do n't go on reddit if you ca n't stand potential opposition ... also , the idea of a tough man like you - snorting coke and shit - using an expression like kek ? 
  sounds more like something straight from / r/justneckbeardthings, 
  i agree that you would get it instantly , if you follow eu law . 
  the main issue here is , though , that you do n't want to apply substantial parts of those laws anymore . 
  i agree with him that it 's not a given that you 'll immediately get a comprehensive fta . 
  in the end , we do n't have ftas with the second , third and fourth biggest economy either . 
  you are the 5th biggest economy that is flipping the finger to the biggest economy . 
  also , have you ever had a look at the eu-mexico fta ? 
  even though it 's a pretty advanced fta it 's still far from fully liberalizing trade . 
  i 'd probably add salzburger nachrichten and wiener zeitung to the list . 
  der spiegel is not a daily newspaper . 
  it 's a weekly magazine . 
  not sure what germany has to do with the situation since he is an austrian living in switzerland . 
  my point is that i doubt that he really spends enough time in sui . 
  is this about [ this ] ( http://diepresse.com/home/politik/aussenpolitik/4911905/balkanconnection_terrorcamps-mitten-in-europa ) newspaper article ? 
  i had to google , because i have n't heard about anyone claiming that there are terror camps in slovenia . 
  thing is , it does n't seem like he spends a lot of time in switzerland ... 
  i 'm sorry for him . 
  fundamental rights offer protection from government encroachment . 
  [ i recommend this article . 
  ] ( http://www.hanselawreview.org/pdf8/vol5no2art02.pdf ), 
  is that really realistic , though ? 
  the consequence of turning britain in a full-scale tax haven would be total isolation and non-recognition of taxes paid in the uk . 
  but honestly , i think a mini eu with the uk , denmark , hungary and poland would be hilarious . 
  would totally support that for shits and giggles . 
  what do you have to offer in return for full access to the single market ? 
  why should frankfurt give up its chance to become the new financial centre of europe ? 
  if a country does n't want to be a full member of the club , why should the club grant the perks of full membership ? 
  out of sheer generosity ? 
  do brits really think that everything would just stay the same after they left ? 
  i mean , after you leaving we are first and foremost competitors that can slowly build up a partnership again . 
  alright , now we are getting to the core of it . 
  so tell me now : how does the austrian treatment of foreigners remind you of nazi germany ? 
  because clearly you must have seen parallels to the events in hungary . 
  in other words : why did you ( falsely ) quote faymann ? 
  and about what was he talking ? 
  well , then just answer the two questions i asked . 
  no way every single demand will be fulfilled . 
  but i agree , there will be a fair amount of salt in here this way or the other . 
  too much debt ( partly because of hypo/heta/kommunalkredit ) and unwillingness to reform . 
  no , you are just lacking basic reading skills . 
  now , tell me : where did faymann directly mention the holocaust and at which point did austria lock migrants into a train and brought them to a location unknown to them minutes after telling them a fake destination ?
