  sounds legit . 
  is n't it clarified butter ( butterschmalz ) and not lard ( schweineschmalz ) ? 
  why would you order a french croissant , if you want something local ? 
  i 'd say there is one exception to this rule : cold schnitzel on the day after . 
  my guess ? 
  the austrian government did n't guarantee anything . 
  hence the lack of street view in austria . 
  the real reason why austria does n't have street view : our data protection commission said that google could introduce street view , if they : * blur not only the faces , but the whole body of people near sensible areas ( churches , synagogues , mosques , hospitals , prisons , shelters for battered women , ... ) * delete pictures of private properties that one could n't see by just walking down a street . 
  * provide easy-to-use tools which allow to delete pictures that violate the austrian data protection act . 
  google did n't want to comply so their already collected images never went online . 
  [ it will be glorious . 
  ] ( http://diepresse.com/images/uploads/b/a/2/4610978/pony-fabry_1414071480135613_1417615174934665.jpg ), 
  ah , there we have it . 
  not familiar with vienna , but oh so opinionated . 
  which residential areas are you talking about ? 
  so you are saying there are plenty of people wearing niqabs in all of vienna ? 
  full-face veils are a pretty rare find even in favoriten . 
  headscarfs ? 
  plenty . 
  but full niqabs ? 
  you are more likely to find them in the first district . 
  on tourists . 
  i can count the women i saw wearing full-face veils on one hand . 
  i suppose this wo n't change much in the end . 
  i also doubt that that will keep people from voting fp\u00d6 . 
  art 50 only talks about a withdrawal agreement that should take into account the future relationship . 
  it wo n't be an agreement on the future relationship itself . 
  i 'm a bit lost . 
  was n't hard brexit the only choice anyway ? 
  i mean , a soft brexit would have required that the uk and the eu negotiate some sort of trade agreement within the 2 year period stipulated by art 50 . 
  but there simply is no mandate for that . 
  neither the eu nor the uk have the power to negotiate trade deals with each other while the uk is still a member of the european union . 
  ceta is far from implementing actual `` free trade '' . 
  scholars prefer the term `` preferential trade agreements '' or ptas . 
  we usually do n't engage in such tomfoolery and just call them `` wiener schnitzel vom schwein '' . 
  i do n't get it . 
  remaining in the single market and leaving the eu is exactly the opposite . 
  what did people expect ? 
  leaving the eu means leaving the single market . 
  staying within the single market would have required a subsequent trade deal with the eu . 
  see art 126 ( 1 ) eea agreement : `` the agreement shall apply to the territories to which the treaty establishing the european economic community is applied and under the conditions laid down in that treaty , and to the territories of iceland , the principality of liechtenstein and the kingdom of norway . '', 
  the treaty establishing the european economic community is now superseded by the treaty on the functioning of the european union ( `` tfeu '' ) , which would stop to apply to the uk after leaving . 
  the uk 's eea membership is tied to its status as a signatory of the treaties . 
  giving up lisbon automatically means leaving the eea . 
  do n't worry , hongkongers usually mistake us for australians ... 
  answered it , but i really ca n't see how the results of this online survey can be useful . 
  i 'm expecting an essay with a more than questionable conclusion . 
  frankly , i really think that people who call other nations `` the scum of europe '' are less worth than me on an intellectual level . 
  but whatever . 
  keep up with your rants about other nations . 
  it will surely improve your reputation on this subreddit . 
  got it . 
  the racist is not the one who called an entire nation `` scum of europe '' , but the one who 's calling out such pathetic behaviour . 
  nice try , but a simple `` jk , bro '' is n't cutting it . 
  haha , accusing me of xenophobia and racism after your initial statement ... 
  great display of why your likes should n't be allowed to join . 
  despite the economic interest my country might have in you joining . 
  so much hate , it 's unbelievable . 
  then it makes sense to have a look at the actual agreements . 
  you 'll soon find out that efta ftas tend to be rather shallow in nature : http://www.europarl.europa.eu/regdata/etudes/stud/2016/578010/expo_stu ( 2016 ) 578010_en . pdf . 
  definitely a huge step backwards in terms of international trade . 
  a trade-off you might be willing to take in exchange of breaking ties with the eu , but then it might be time to admit that the uk wo n't get any better trade deals outside the eu . 
   as a matter of law efta has free movement with efta countries only . 
  you realise that you 'd only have a trade deal with norway , switzerland , liechtenstein and iceland then ? 
  it 's a german one . 
  their name literally means `` south-german newspaper '' . 
  well . 
  unfortunately , there has been non-stop coverage for over a year ... 
  exactly . 
  certain people are pissed at their oh so miserable life 's and that the government ca n't give out 70 's - style freebies anymore . 
  at the same time , modern politics and economics get way to complicated for them . 
  as a consequence , the `` establishment '' gets blamed and fp\u00d6 gets elected . 
  they seem to offer easy-peasy solutions . 
  what people forget is that the fp\u00d6 has been part of the establishment for ages and has probably been the most corrupt of all of them . 
  i see , thanks for clarifying . 
  frankly , i really do n't know much about our fighter jets , but i think i would have remembered if they were second hand given the political scandal surrounding them ... 
  wait . 
  i do n't think we bought our dated typhoons from germany . 
  that said , spar \u00d6sterreich-gruppe is a separate entity mostly ( 93 % ) owned by the austrian families that founded it following the dutch example . 
  spar magyarorsz\u00e1g is a daughter of austria spar international ag ( with seat in switzerland ) , which is a daughter of spar austria-gruppe . 
  obviously it 's not impossible to get in . 
  but finding a sponsor for your visa is certainly not easy . 
   ending fom does not mean the uk is no longer an attractive destination , albeit some extra paperwork . 
  knowing the loops you have to go through for working in hong kong , visas will certainly make the uk a lot less attractive to foreign talents . 
  it is a pain in the ass for employees , but even more so for employers . 
  that said , attracting less mainlanders was the point of the whole referendum , so it was to be expected that something like this would happen . 
  seems like people are upset because they do n't get what they want . 
  their reasoning for it is n't particularly water-tight , though . 
  austrian in hong kong . 
  locals usually do n't know much about austria besides our supposed affinity for classical music . 
  more often , though , they mistake austria for australia . 
  not many reactions from other foreigners . 
  brits above the age of 40 , though , usually bring up hitler and/or germany at some point in a conversation . 
  austrian universities got rid of academic dresses under joseph ii . 
  so we are only wearing suits/dresses now . 
  catholic school . 
  mess , small ceremony in suits , champagne , dinner with tons of alcohol thereafter . 
  it was messy . 
  nope , i would n't even know how to receive it . 
  cheek kissing is fairly common , hugging mostly amongst family members and very close friends .
