  which led to him finding himself in front of the constitutional court . 
  what an utter waste of time and money . 
  the eec does n't exist anymore . 
  i think you mean the eea, 
  i still do n't get the delay tactics of the uk . 
  eu members know that nothing will change until they initiate art 50 negotiations and the uk is under pressure from their own electorate to actually change things . 
  frankly , i do n't get it . 
  what if - and that 's pretty likely for those members that do n't do much trade with the uk - they just say no to britain , who 's trying to get the ball rolling . 
   the uk has no incentive to trigger article 50 until it feels it can get good exit terms . 
  why lock yourself in to a two year deadline , whats the point ? 
  what 's the incentive of eu members to enter into negotiations when they are probably cool with status quo ? 
  seems like it 's the uk that has a problem with remaining a member of the union . 
  i 'm excited to see what 's happening next . 
  glad that i 'm far away from europe right now . 
   populism is not a slogan . 
  it is a political principle that is taken seriously in the ** field of political science ** . 
  people in this country have had enough of experts !, 
  [ jet fuel ca n't melt steal beams !, 
  those claims are always kind of funny . 
  how did you ( or your source ) calculate those 75 % ? 
  sure . 
  brexit people do n't seem to listen to any arguments anyway . 
  the whole discussion is purely based on emotions . 
  if they really want to go ? 
  fine . 
  i 'm pretty confident that the outcome will be horrible , but so be it . 
  im still arguing from time to time , because some people seem to be so misinformed that it 's beyond me . 
  a better deal during art 50 negotiations ? 
  still being a member of the eea after leaving the eu ? 
  seeing pure wto membership as a viable option ? 
  that 's bullshit . 
  and i want people to know . 
  i think i literally posted `` bye '' only once . 
  in any case , i 'm not supporting brexit because i think it 's the right choice , i 'm just annoyed by british politicians and the press . 
  at first i tried to argue with people that support brexit . 
  now i think , meh . 
  fine . 
  i really do n't know why the british consider posts that point out the consequences of their very likely choice to be hostile . 
  you said that there is plenty of time , while france essentially is pressing you to leave as soon as possible . 
  truth is , two years are nothing to break from the eu and to negotiate a new deal on eu and wto level . 
  that 's not me being hostile , that 's just me being realistic . 
  sorry that the `` happy go lucky '' brexit campaign is n't working on me . 
  so , what are you expecting then ? 
  empathy ? 
  the uk threatens to pull out and france is the bad guy for pointing out the consequences ? 
  ridiculous . 
  art 50 negotiations are not about getting a better deal than before . 
  it 's about cutting ties . 
  completely . 
  get used to the narrative . 
  how 's that bullying ? 
  they just have a solid post-brexit plan . 
  unlike the uk . 
  not really . 
  those negotiations are just about how to withdraw from the eu entirely . 
  negotiating a new deal for the uk is not part of these discussions . 
  very unlikely that serious negotiations would take place without invoking art 50 . 
  the uk 's negotiation partners know what bullshit they are up to . 
  it 's quite obvious that it would n't be him who 'd pull the uk out of the single market . 
  but hey , at least he 's consequent . 
  make great britain great again !, 
  [ here is the result of the first round . 
  ] ( https://www.wien.gv.at/wahlergebnis/de/bp161/index.html ) personally , i have no idea what to expect from vienna . 
  too many candidates in the first round . 
  the way they use `` autochthone bev\u00f6lkerung '' and `` volk '' in their program and in the handbuch der freiheitlichen politik is a bit too v\u00f6lkisch for me . 
  they set a specific tone that is not very appealing . 
  that 's probably why hofer was a bit less extreme during the weeks before the election . 
  that said , i would n't describe their politics as overly far-right during election periods or when they are performing well in opinion polls . 
  that 's when they get more populist in order to secure votes from former left-wing voters . 
  he is one of the people that drafted their party program so i have a hard time seeing him as more moderate than the rest . 
  hofer realized , though , that party officials have to tone down the extremism they are displaying from time to time . 
  other than that he is a prime example of the burschenschafter-wing of the party . 
  do n't know how familiar you are with vdb , but he 's certainly not far-left . 
  seems like [ this club ] ( http://www.mcthelords.at ) was involved . 
  not sure , if it 's a gang or a legit club . 
  [ a wire cutter . 
  ] ( http://www.ralphmag.org/in/refugee-picnic850x530.jpg ), 
  and to be completely honest : as a resident of hk , mr. piket is doing a pretty good job in hk . 
  especially when dealing with the more serious issues right here . 
  but honestly , the whole `` let 's introduce all the eu '' thingy they have been going on right now is just getting ridiculous ... 
  well , nudist sections or beaches are n't uncommon in austria either . 
  and yes , mostly older folks can be found there . 
  obviously that , but we still have italy and slovenia on our doorstep too . 
  and frankly , croatia is certainly worth a visit . 
  you get the italian influence , but it 's still pretty unique . 
  it 's fascinating . 
  while smoking cannabis is considered a minor offence , you might have to pay a quite substantial fine when caught . 
  you might have to deal with police and various courts . 
  that said , police might not speak your language which can make this a very unpleasant encounter . 
  personally , i usually try to avoid things that might get me in trouble when abroad . 
  in case i ca n't avoid doing illegal stuff , i try very hard not to get caught . 
  i can not speak for cyprus myself , but croatia is and always was a super popular summer destination for austrians . 
  check out the [ wikitravel ] ( http://wikitravel.org/en/croatia ) page of croatia . 
  tons of great places there , plus the food is absolutely amazing . 
  highly recommended . 
  am i missing something here ? 
  an espresso is by default just coffee . 
  they should introduce a $ 10 multiple entry visa that is valid for 2 years , payable online . 
  that 's what the us is doing to europeans for years now . 
  so now you ca n't remember if it was a croissant or another `` french thing '' ?
