  current state laws are worthless , the only solution is more strict federal intervention , and larger consequences for `` legal '' owners who neglect their firearms . 
  until we put up border checkpoints on these states , it does n't matter . 
  guns flow freely throughout the country into the hands of all sorts . 
  the actual issue with gun crime is how many `` legal '' owners neglect or unlawfully trade their firearms , ultimately turning `` legal '' weapons into `` illegal '' weapons . 
  so it does n't matter how strict the laws are currently , as legal owners can not be trusted to keep their guns to themselves in their own states . 
  there 's no epidemic of illegal guns entering this country ( the opposite is actually true , with what we send to mexico ) , so the problems are within our own borders . 
  there 's also no epidemic of criminals building their weapons from scratch . 
  the problem of gun crime entirely comes down to a system where it 's incredibly easy to acquire a `` legal '' weapon in many states , and immediately make it an `` illegal '' one by either not securing it properly or intentionally selling it or giving it away . 
  in short , it 's all too obvious that americans ca n't be trusted with the current laws , as they continue to increase the number of illegal firearms on the streets . 
  but of course this is just some godless liberal lefty speak from someone who wants to enact communism at the expense of your gun-toting freedom . 
  we call those `` saturdays '' . 
  yeah they have a very militant attitude towards their sports . 
  it 's not that they 're particularly rowdy at their sporting events , but they are extremely patriotic about them . 
  we 're talking about a country that has their children brainwashed by `` pledging allegiance '' to the flag on a daily basis , to name just one example of particularly fucked up patriotism . 
  it 's one of those things where if i see someone act like this , the thought of `` i want them beaten up '' never crosses my mind , but then after the fact when i 've already heard they were beaten , my response is just `` fair enough '' . 
  i think there 's an important line between being violent and wanting people beaten , and simply not giving a shit about them when you hear the story later . 
  you do n't know the different between economic migrants , refugees , and asylum seekers , nor do you know what the un are trying do do here . 
  it 's best you stopped talking about such things until you 've figured those out . 
  of course they were attacked by terrorists , what kind of ridiculous question is that ? 
  they had absolutely nothing to do with the un or the refugee system they have in place . 
  that 's the point . 
  of course they were attacked by terrorists , what kind of ridiculous question is that ? 
  they had absolutely nothing to do with the un or the refugee system they have in place . 
  that 's the point . 
   literally fucking everything happens in time and space . 
  thanks for that . 
  i was reading that over and over again trying to figure out what they meant . 
  it 's incredible the nonsense people spew in order to justify their shitty views . 
  it 's amazing watching you like make stuff up to justify your bigotry . 
  those incidents had absolutely nothing to do with families brought into countries by the un . 
  all immigrants are the same to you , are n't they ? 
  let me read between the lines for you . 
  `` there are those in the lgbt community who know what 's it 's like to have their lives ruined because of who they are , who have spoken up against people like me trying to do the same to muslims just because of who they are '', 
  alright , that 's enough internet for me today . 
  the best irish-german anecdote for fassbender is from his first x-men movie . 
  for the first 95 % of the movie , as not-yet-magneto , he is constantly torn between good and evil , but very much possibly good , hanging with the good guys . 
  while doing this is accent is very german-ish . 
  but then in the final scenes , as his tranformation into the totally-evil magneto is complete , he gives his `` i am magneto , humans will cower before me , etc '' speech in an accent that is almost entirely irish . 
  like , out of nowhere he 's irish now . 
  while some may call it discontinuity , i say it 's utter brilliance . 
  erik , the poor jewish victim of nazi germany had a shot at being a good guy . 
  however !, 
  magneto , the irish tyrant , is ready to make all the mistakes of those he hated by forming his own master race . 
  i do n't think i remember laughing so hard in a cinema than when the `` irishness '' came out . 
  i 'm not looking at it with any tinted glasses , my point was that wealthy people living in paradise act surprised that i would want to live like them rather than leave in damp dreary ireland , which is funny . 
  when i 'm in fresno ( like i am as i type this ) it 's not so much of an anecdote because yeah , nobody wants to live here . 
  not sure why you felt the need to interject just to shit on parts of california . 
  and so we should have a conversation about the context of such things . 
  people simply dying from famine is n't genocide , but taking food from those people during famine after previously uprooting them from their good land and forcing them to move to rocky land or be murdered ( amongst the 101 other things that happened over 800 years ) * is * genocide . 
  likewise , saying churchill caused the bengal famine is just wrong , but a discussion about how he willingly allowed it to continue for longer than it needed to is a possible discussion to be had where both sides can make valid points . 
  like any historical conversation , people either like to ignore the parts that make their own look bad or simply are n't made aware of them ( because they make their own look bad ) . 
  most brits i 've spoken to are n't aware churchill sent his own version of gestapo ( black and tans ) to ireland to murder and rape their way around the country `` to keep the rebels down '' , who committed these atrocities knowing they were sanctioned to roam free and do as they like . 
  i genuinely believe churchill was an evil man who only has a positive reputation because someone more evil happened to pop up in his time and make him look good . 
  you might think i 'm a misinformed nut job , and that 's ok , because we could have a good debate about it and people would read our comments and make their own decisions . 
  that would be a good thing for the most part . 
  banning one of us would always be a bad thing . 
  i tell people ireland is a fantastic place to visit , but not so great to live . 
  i now live in california and if i 'm mingling with strangers i 'm almost certain to be asked `` why would you leave ireland ? '' . 
  typically , i 'm asked this by tanned , beautiful , wealthy californians who are an hour drive from sunny beaches , snowy mountains , and lush forests at any given time , with access to a magnificent diversity of culture , people , and food . 
  my answer is usually along the lines of `` i wanted to be you '' . 
  also , by the time i turned 21 i had already been to every irish county and hiked basically every trail on our tiny island . 
  i needed more , it was just too small for me . 
  others will have their own reasons , but those two will be prevalent , i 'm sure . 
  very surprised by ireland 's increase . 
  when i left ( around 2007 , actually ) there was very much an attitude going around that young irish folk , especially students and recent graduates , were fleeing the country in record numbers . 
  i 'd love to see some specific numbers to see if there was any truth to that , and emigration has just been overshadowed by immigration , or if it was just a nonsense opinion at the time . 
  mate get ready to ban half of all uk flairs because after my coffee i 'm going back through some old discussions and reporting deniers of blatant irish genocide . 
  no , he 's not . 
  if this rule is legit then we 're gon na see a lot less of his flair soon . 
  history shows clearly that genocide was committed in ireland , yet many are n't aware of this history , and many from britain ( and even some in ireland ) deny it . 
  i 'd much rather argue the point than leave people in ignorance by banning them . 
  i never would have known about the armenian genocide if i did n't see people argue with the deniers . 
  it 's just not something they taught us in school . 
  i am more educated and in the know because of such topics being freely spoken about . 
  the english planted their people on all the fertile land in ireland , forcing the irish to live in the rockier , less habitable parts of ireland . 
  then when famine came they were taking food from the starving island and sending it to their own people , on top of making the irish pay for the privilege of owning the shitty land they were dying on . 
  they also made it illegal to speak our own language and the punishment was often murder . 
  over the space of around 50 years the irish population dropped by about half ( 6m to 3m ) . 
  both our culture and our physical numbers were pushed to possible extinction by both the direct and indirect actions of the british . 
  yet , many people , including some irish , do n't refer to it as such . 
  i may strongly disagree with those people and have multiple sources of historical evidence that make it clear that they 're genocide deniers . 
  should those people be banned , or be faced with a frank discussion to hopefully change their minds and acknowledge the atrocities committed by the british on irish soil ? 
  firstly , this is a shit rule that helps nothing . 
  secondly , if this is a legit rule you 're gon na go with , you have a lot of bans to hand out to english ( and dare i say some irish ) folk on here for the constant denial of the genocide on our island . 
  what have either of those two facts got to do with who was leading who in the gif ? 
  how does my analysis of the gif make you doubt the leader of either country ? 
  what do n't you understand ? 
  she was n't in charge of the situation between the two of them walking away because you do n't like her immigration policies . 
  got it , lots of sense there . 
  religious conservatives like her are n't my cup of tea at all . 
  nice try though . 
  save it for t_d where i 'm sure they 'll gladly accept your desires to randomly cry about immigrants at every opportunity . 
  a comment was made about body language and you turned it into an issue about immigrants . 
  you ca n't act all appalled when people call you out on that shit , you 're acting exactly like the t_d stereotype by making this about immigrants . 
   you do have to recognise that the nazi 's would have enacted their `` lebensraum '' policies in full in eastern europe and millions more would have died without him . 
  i do n't . 
  at all . 
  that is utter nonsense . 
  putting that on the back of churchill is outrageous . 
   without the uk ... you 're just doing the same thing the other guy did , making assumptions that the world turns into opposite land if great ol' winston was n't around to keep things in check .
