  most likely reason is americans finding the post on the front page and coming here to ignorantly complain , but i wo n't make that assumption of any individual here . 
  tl ; dr for the overall point : the influence of any european country over the saudis is negligible when compared to the us , so trying to share the blame is simply misguided , or blatantly lying to pass the buck . 
  the current situation in saudi arabia was caused by the saudis themselves , their neighbors , and the us . 
  other influences are comparatively negligible . 
  which country in europe gives them anywhere near as much as the us ? 
  the us influence on saudi arabia is public record , and not really up for debate . 
  nothing i 'd offer here would be fresh news to you that ca n't be found on google . 
  i 've just attempted to find similar info about germany , france , and the uk , and found barely anything compared to the us . 
  if you believe there 's a different european nation i should be reading about that compares with the us when it comes to the support and financing of saudi arabia , please let me know and i 'll look that up myself . 
  i wo n't ask you to do the work for me . 
  i have n't said anything outrageous here . 
  the us is the primary source of foreign influence in saudi arabia by quite a margin , and no european nation is big enough to compare . 
  it 's not just the us , but when you 've got a headache , and then someone chops off your arm , you 're most likely going to talk about the arm when someone asks about your problems . 
  no european country has even 1 % of the blame that the us gets for saudi arabia . 
  as an irishman who has spent many wild months in denmark , i can confirm the only time i 've seen an angry dane was when they did n't have immediate access to alcohol . 
  i means it 's the ** euros ** , it 'd be unusual if we had american born players at it . 
  as it is now is perfectly expected . 
  china has billion more people than the us , are you surprised three 's none of them playing too ? 
  france explaining multiculturalism to sweden . 
  it 's the european way . 
  you have to realize that the technical cause of famine ( blight ) was only one symptom of the genocide brought about by the british ( not english , scottish deserve mention too ) . 
  irish farmers were forced from their fertile lands . 
  fisheries and farms were destroyed or taken over by the british , who then sent the proceeds back home to their island . 
  irish families were attacked , stolen from , and murdered on a whim . 
  there just was no hope at the time , with or without this famine . 
  the famine was just another hardship thrown their way . 
  by itself , the famine could have been overcome and other foods would have been available . 
  but when you consider what the british were doing , there just was n't any hope of turnaround . 
  so the irish who did n't die of starvation tried to leave . 
  many died in the process . 
  i think the population halved in the space of 50 years or something like that , and that was only partially down to the famine . 
  at the very earliest , 18-25 weeks is when a fetus starts to develop sentience , but that 's a very generous use of the word sentient . 
  it 's not until around 30 weeks that the cerebral cortex might begin processing any kind of information . 
  calling anything sentient or a child before that time is an incredibly old-fashioned view not based on modern science . 
  nothing is being killed any more than a potato is being killed when uprooted from the ground . 
  even after those 30 weeks it 's questionable , but we 'll leave it at 30 since it 's a nice round number . 
  on top of that , in absolutely no circumstance should a woman be forced to dedicate her body to being an incubator should she not want to . 
  bodily autonomy prevents us from doing things to a human body after it dies ( ie . 
  organ donations ) without the express permission of the person in question . 
  i hold the crazy belief that women should at least have the same rights as a dead bodies . 
  but above you just described abortion as `` killing your kids '' so all of this will be lost on you and your horribly outdated views . 
  lol ok . ca n't argue with your outdated and entirely irrelevant to modern day standards `` basic science '' . 
  i 'm sorry you do n't know what abortion or a kid is . 
  you should google them . 
  allowing abortion increases the number of bastards ? 
  i 'd love to hear how you back that one up . 
  i 've spent about 30 years blaming old people for it . 
  we need to have a referendum to change it , and i think the fear is that older generations who are still clinging to the already dead church will outvote the rest of us . 
  a no result would be devastating . 
  saying that , maybe enough time has passed . 
  i 'm not sure , but agree with you completely that irish people are actually super secular now , and only keep certain traditions , rather than actual beliefs . 
  irish people under 50 , that is . 
  ha , right , because thinking `` lock them up until you can send them away '' is a barbaric , backward , shameful attitude towards men , women , and children of all ages is the same as wanting to home every single person in the world who makes a pittance . 
  if strawman is all you can accomplish in response , we 're done here . 
  good luck with campaigning for temporary prison camps for foreigners in germany , i 'm sure that will go down really well . 
  have a day . 
  if that 's how you respond to the notion of kids in prison waiting to be sent away to somewhere they have no home , i 'll just repeat what i said above ... thank fuck people like you have absolutely no input on how europe actually works . 
  europe is a civilized continent with relatively good governments and outstanding people with actual understanding of other people 's plights . 
  long may that remain . 
  because nothing is that simple , that 's why . 
  from people who ca n't afford flights or passage , to people afraid for their children , to people who do n't understand what 's happening , there are dozens of reasons why someone might overstay their welcome in another country . 
  for one in every few million , that reason will be `` because i 'm gon na commit an awful crime here '' , but for the rest , just locking them up is both cruel and ignorant . 
  honesty , thank fuck these european countries are n't run by you guys , they 'd be awful places to live . 
  prisons full of poor people , foreigners , parents and kids just waiting to be sent somewhere they do n't want to be . 
  that 's some dystopian shit right there . 
  so if someone 's visa runs out , they fail the residency application , and have n't been able to leave the country yet , they should be locked up ? 
  i understand that in * this instance * having someone locked up is preferable to them committing a terrorist act , but you ca n't just lock up every foreign national being refused residency , even if it 's just for a few days . 
  we need a referendum to change such laws . 
  while the church has basically been left behind over the last 30ish years , there are still enough old people to swing any vote towards a no vote . 
  the numbers have been improving as these backward old fucks die out , but it 's probably still too close to have a referendum yet . 
  having one and it turning no would be a huge defeat . 
  best to wait until more die out . 
  one of the biggest stains on ireland in 2017 for sure . 
  over the last 20-30 years we 've all but abandoned the church , so i 'd like to think a referendum today would result in us turning green . 
  maybe there are enough old bastards still around to swing the vote , but i do n't think that 's the case any more . 
  there really is n't any `` good news '' to come from things like this , but every time i see something like this i 'm always thankful that the kind of people who feel the need to commit acts like this are * always * utter morons . 
  driving a vehicle through a crowd is n't fractionally as dangerous as what someone with a basic education could do if they wanted to . 
   the other mindblowing fact , is that st patrick was roman-british - not irish , by birth . 
  not only that , he was sent here against his will at first . 
  i 'm always surprised when people think he 's irish . 
  the whole point of his story was how he was taken , brought here , adapted , and `` ran out the snakes . '', 
  the day is n't about where he 's from , it 's about what he did in ireland . 
  his whole story is based around him coming to ireland against his will at first . 
  he 's not a native , but the particular story we celebrate is a native irish story specific to ireland . 
  did i ignore what you said , or did i respond to the two most pertinent points you made in a way you did n't like ? 
  the core of the problem are the gun owners . 
  the people who want to keep their guns regardless of the consequences that happen in their country every single day . 
  lots of poor , undereducated , violent , criminal-minded people all over the world do n't commit homicides , because guess what !? 
  they do n't have a steady supply of irresponsible and/or criminal gun owners to buy or steal from . 
  you just justified not having proper gun storage because it 's too big and heavy . 
  your solution is to make do and look for excuses , instead of not owning these firearms you ca n't store properly . 
  you are a huge part of the problem , even if you have n't been robbed/traded yet . 
   i 'd love to buy a proper gun safe but they are incredibly large , heavy , and expensive . 
  i 'd love to own horses , but if i ca n't afford a stable and equipment for them , i should n't have horses . 
  my neglect of a horse hurts a horse . 
  neglect of a gun can hurt humans , and many of them . 
   it 's also not illegal to sell a firearm privately . 
  and there 's a huge part of the problem . 
  irresponsible trading , whether it 's out of malice or ignorance , makes up a huge part of why we have so many illegal firearms on the streets . 
  what 's the point in one state having certain laws if you can privately sell your guns to someone in that state without regard of those laws ?
