i 've never been a fan of the whole `` i identify as ... '' approach . 
  they can identify as mongols if they like , i wo n't try to take that away from them , but they were still born where they were born . 
  there 's a very strict and observable six county border between ireland and northern ireland , and regardless of what their political views are , 6 of them were not born inside the 26 counties that make up ireland . 
  if all six of them believed in a united ireland and called themselves irish , that 's not really relevant to grouping where nobel prize winners are from . 
  the 6 of them are not from the country known as ireland , regardless of their importance to our country . 
  if anything i was trying to push them off us , not get them back !, 
  this is misleading for ireland and britain . 
  the map suggests northern ireland is considered part of uk for these measurements , but ireland 's number includes the northern irish winners . 
  i wonder what ireland would look like if split properly between north and south . 
  the last 5 were from the north , one was actually born in paris , which leaves only 4 from ireland . 
  not having a go , i 'm actually from dublin . 
  just felt like the high per capita number was misleading , and on review i think it is . 
  due to all the peace prize winners from the north , as well as heaney , they actually deserve to have a much higher number . 
  5 winners for 1.8 m. 
  that 's ... 2.7 , right ? 
  would put them 3rd . 
  i 'd take it over drunken leprechaun . 
  at least they made an effort with yours . 
  do n't worry about it , i 'm irish and find it bizarre that other europeans use a decimal point to signify things that are n't actually decimals . 
  100.000.000 just looks wrong . 
  two decimal points ? 
  i ca n't handle it . 
  bound to be you guys , being an english speaking sub . 
  if we had an open system where we could see what the mods deleted , i 'd agree with you . 
  but we do n't . 
  it 's too easy for prats like this guy to push his agenda by deleting stuff he does n't want shown , which then leads to posts like this having to be made to highlight the problem . 
  he is not a positive influence on this sub , so he should not be a mod here . 
  yeah , then * you * mentioned the eu like it was relevant to either of the two . 
  when you 're on the internet you do n't have to deal with people 's reactions to you . 
  which lets people vent as ridiculously as their fucked up minds allow . 
  people are n't more intelligent in the real world , they 're just more monitored and kept in check . 
   european values what does this even mean ? 
  ireland is nothing like ukraine . 
  norway is nothing like spain . 
  iceland is nothing like poland . 
  and so on ... 
  the idea that there are `` european values '' where we all feel the same way about dealing with rapists is just silly . 
  ireland , world cup , 1994 . 
  thanks for reminding me of some [ beautiful memories ] ( http://scottishcomedyfc.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/houghton-cele.jpg ) . 
  for those of you wondering what `` hurling '' is , it 's a mix between hockey and murder . 
  yeah you guys only recently magicked them into existence . 
  i love how this has been tagged as `` opinion '' , suggesting it 's just an opinion that greek women are n't sandwich prostitutes . 
  you might want to actually read their comics if you think that . 
  there 's more than a front cover to their work . 
  knowing basic words and having a mild knowledge of politics is n't acting smart . 
  your point is trash , and i was telling you that . 
  knowing what the word majority means is n't something to boast about , but it 's worth explaining when you misuse it . 
  likewise with your ridiculous clich\u00e9 `` i thought this was a democracy !!! '', 
  point . 
  i 'm fucking sick that trump won , as i stated on the original comment above . 
  but that does n't mean i have to take your crap point suggesting half of america are bigots . 
  it 's blatantly obvious that this was a vote of protest , rebellion , and all that nonsense , along with a massive fuck you to hillary , who represents everything wrong with politics . 
  yes , most bigots were trump supporters , but nowhere near all trump voters were bigots . 
   last time i checked the us is a democracy ... if majority of one country wanted to elect a bigoted leader ... 
  he did n't have a majority and the us is not a democracy . 
  you 're wrong . 
  your point makes no sense if the majority did not vote for him and the us is not a democracy . 
  again ... 
  the us is not a democracy , it 's a republic . 
  the majority did not vote for trump . 
  how many parts of your point need to be wrong before you realize you 're making no sense ? 
  well for one , the majority voted for hillary , so you might want to reconsider your point . 
  change comes when the bigoted voters of the country get their way . 
  if you think a victory for the guy who thinks mexicans ca n't be fair judges wo n't impact the country , i do n't know what to tell ya , other than you 're wrong . 
  he 's not making the racists appear from thin air , but he is legitimizing their beliefs , and soon to start putting some into practice . 
  lived in the us for 6 years . 
  a year away from citizenship . 
  i 'm out of here in the next 3 months . 
  either home to ireland or up to canada , i refuse to live in a country where the majority of voters are under-educated bigots . 
  i 'm not from any of those countries so i 'm not sure why i 'd be digging anything from my own closet . 
  let 's just put that down to harmless ignorance on your part , instead of assumptive racism . 
  the ** combined ** exports into ksa of those countries into you mentioned are half of the us . 
  ( source is at tinyurl dot com/j63trsb - autobot keeps deleting both the original and tiny link ) - and this is n't including the 60bn sale mentioned above , which dwarfs all those numbers . 
  the us alone is responsible for about a third of all arms exports around the world . 
  then after russia ( 25 % ) the next highest is china ( 6 % ) . 
  there 's no precedence for the us being anything but the worst in modern times . 
  you 're embarrassing yourself , leave it be , this conversation ended days ago . 
  there 's no argument for you to win here . 
  using gdp in that way is entirely irrelevant when looking at how it impacts saudi arabia . 
  some countries giving every cent they make still would n't help them fractionally as much as half a percent from the us . 
  not to mention $ is only one way to measure influence . 
  saudis are n't exactly short on money - selling them 60bn worth of weaponry is a prime example of that . 
  i have n't been using semantics at all . 
  a specific point was made , and i 've stuck to that point , even if you do n't like it . 
  you misreading what i 'm saying and needing me to correct you is n't semantics , it 's basic english . 
  and again it 's required when you see me talk about `` the current situation in saudi arabia '' , and feel the need to explain to me how other countries acted a century ago . 
  the states that make up the country are older than the us itself , nobody is suggesting the us is responsible for the actual existence of the country . 
  i do n't disagree with the us declaring ksa should be protected during ww2 , and i do n't disagree with the uk keeping the turks out of ksa before that . 
  these are actions that had solid reasoning at the time . 
  after ww2 , especially from the 1970s onwards , the relationship between ksa and usa grew and grew , becoming much more nefarious . 
  whether it was ksa inviting the usa to help stop saddam hussein ( after they originally supported him ) , or the us bending over backwards to resolve the oil embargo , even though ksa were clearly fucking with them . 
  and now we only have to go ... what ... 5 years back to the us selling 60 billion worth of arms to them ? 
  thanks for that , by the way . 
   most countries in europe are far smaller than the us . 
  actually it 's all of them , by a massive margin , not just most , and welcome to the realization of the point being made . 
  my point was that no european country comes close to the us in its support and financing of the saudis . 
  they just could n't possibly do that , even if they wanted to . 
  the guy above wants me to source that , which is utterly pointless since it 's not even in doubt . 
  if someone wants to show me any euro country that comes anywhere close to the us , i 'm all ears . 
  but we all know it 's fact , except those willingly ignoring that to defend the us for whatever reason .
