  you do n't have any idea what would have happened if chamberlain stayed on or if someone else replaced him , you 're just attributing results of a very intricate war to the doings of one person . 
  again , nonsense . 
  britain would still be britain without or without him . 
  you were n't just `` rolling over '' without him . 
   there would have been no way the americans would have gotten into the war in the west , they could n't even if they wanted to , and they would n't want to . 
  isolated , they may have reconsidered policies that took them toward conflict with japan . 
  i 'm searching for a new word that 's not `` nonsense '' , but you 're making it hard when what you 're saying makes absolutely no sense . 
  there is `` no way '' the americans get involved without churchill ? 
  really ? 
  holy shit . 
   i guess the america 's as a whole would probably be fine , but the rest of the planet would have suffered under these two new empires for god knows how long before they collapsed . 
  yes , if the nazis won , a swing that would have required significantly more than the absence of churchill . 
  i do n't know what makes you guys go into full-retard mode whenever churchill comes up , but it 's beyond funny and just kinda sad that you actually believe ww2 was as simple as `` churchill or lose '' , which is what you 're defending here . 
  wow you really tried hard to make a comment about personal demeanor about politics . 
   problem with churchill is without him europe wouldnt exist today . 
  it would be the 3rd german empire . 
  your exact words . 
  `` without him europe would n't exist '' . 
  so yes , that 's exactly what you said . 
  then you asked a question that implied the us would have nowhere to land without him . 
  as if another pm would have turned them away or just given up without a fight , when the fighting had already been happening for 8 months . 
  and i did n't make anything up . 
  i simply said churchill was n't the reason the allies won , and that you can not say we would have lost without him because of that . 
  i also did n't say `` what if x happened '' , that 's what you said when saying the allies would have lost without him . 
  i merely replied by saying any of 1001 different things might have happened , none of which include turning down help from the us or rolling over and letting germany rule freely . 
  appeasement and rolling over are not the same thing . 
  he was n't giving up , appeasement happened before the war . 
  he was attempting to prevent war . 
  obviously it did n't work out , but he 's hardly evidence that war would have been lost and the world just roll over without churchill . 
  chamberlain was at war for 8 months before resigning , you make it sound like he just wanted to concede . 
  any number of thousands of possibilities could have happened if he stayed in power or if someone other than churchill stepped in . 
  one thing is for sure though , when the us finally decided to step in , no leader , chamberlain or otherwise , was gon na say `` nah mate we 're cool here we like the idea of learning a new language '' . 
  the japanese won the war for the good guys when they gave the us a reason to step in . 
  churchill without the us could have ended up in any of a number of disastrous situations . 
  he absolutely did not win the war with his own actions . 
  i love this . 
  he wants to make it look like he 's giving her the lead to show he has that control , but she does n't even acknowledge him because she 's the actual leader in control of the situation . 
  edit : and now this is a conversation about immigrants . 
  thanks , t_d-folk . 
  what on earth makes your think there were only those two options ? 
  `` churchill rules or we all roll over '' . 
  what nonsense . 
  lol that 's some reach . 
  allies would have won regardless of who was in power in england . 
  however , millions of indians may have lived , and churchill 's version of gestapo would n't have raped and murdered their way around ireland if it was someone else . 
  to mention just two of the atrocities of churchill . 
  the man was pure evil . 
  he was just lucky someone more evil came along in germany to make him look like the good guy . 
  not sure if my eyes are rolling more for the bad attempt at trolling or the terrible knowledge of irish history . 
  now do winston churchill . 
  we do that in dublin too . 
  although we ruin it by yelling `` sinn fein '' and `` ira '' between lines . 
  one of the more insufferable parts of a night out in dublin . 
  i expect it 's similar up there . 
  had all the good land taken from us , made live in rocky areas where farming was n't possible and pay for the privilege , regularly attacked , forced to emigrate or starve ( and likely die while emigrating ) , had food taken from our island and sent to britain during the famine ... 
  it was genocide , plain and simple . 
  so fucking sick of these `` reasonable '' irish people trying to play this down just to appear unbiased . 
  it was genocide . 
  `` because that 's the hand we 've been dealt '' . 
   we will continue to make appropriate environmental choices who is this `` we '' ? 
  unless you 're from one of maybe three relatively small nations in the world , your country has not been making `` appropriate environmental choices '' . 
  the things you 're asking for are given to you by the paris agreement , and are constantly ignored without it . 
  it 's a shame you ca n't see that , or choose not to . 
  you did n't actually know the basics of what this agreement does , yet you were against it . 
  i think that says it all . 
  edit : lmao , multis from t_d brigading hard here . 
  and what use are those innovations if a country refuses to use them because of the cost of implementation ? 
  or because `` i like coal '' ( quote from trump when he pulled out ) ? 
  the whole point of this is to give countries incentives to actually use these innovations . 
  to have a mandate that says `` we will improve , even if it costs us some money in the short term '' , something that many countries , including america , china , the worst climate-fuckers , have previously failed to do , is only a good thing . 
  the us can afford to build the kinds of plants they have in sweden . 
  they just choose not to . 
  i can put it no more simply than that , the option of improved innovation is already there , some would just rather open more coal mines than `` waste money '' on cleaner energy . 
  and while the title above appears to misleading and we 're not yet making it legally binding , doing so would be a great idea , because then it would cost shitty countries even more if they do n't pay for these innovations . 
  so ... if your genuine concern with this is what you claim , technological innovation , then you have nothing to be concerned about , because this is entirely about making countries cut the old polluted ways and use said innovations . 
   lowering the global temperature by less than one degree within 100 years i keep seeing the knuckle draggers say this . 
  here 's what they 're doing :  holding the increase in the global average temperature to well below 2 \u00b0 c above pre-industrial levels and to pursue efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5 \u00b0 c above pre-industrial levels , recognizing that this would significantly reduce the risks and impacts of climate change ; without changing our ways that global increase is likely to be 3-5 \u00b0 . 
  when it comes to global temperature , that 's a huge difference . 
  we have n't seen a jump that big in tens of thousands of years . 
  but i 'm not here to argue that this is important , i 'm here to inform you how wrong your information is . 
  reducing temps by 1 \u00b0 would be phenomenal . 
  you acting like that 's nothing is hilarious . 
  sadly , it 's just misinformed nonsense because that 's not the attempt here . 
  but of course you heard trump incorrectly refer to 1 \u00b0 during his pullout speech , so that 's all the info you have . 
  it took voting to leave the eu for brits to actually look up what the eu is . 
  that 's the stone cold reality of it . 
  and the others now look at them and can reflect on how lucky they are to not be in the same position as the uk . 
  hell , half the uk wants nothing to do with the uk. , the more informed people become , the more they realize the eu is inherently good , even it it 's flawed . 
  oh come on , being muslim does n't automatically make someone a terrorist or terrorist sympathizer . 
  the vast majority of those in whatever prison he 'd end up in would condemn his actions and hate how people like him give them the rep they have . 
  agreed completely . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , anyone who saw this happen or even just lives in the area is a victim of this . 
  sure , dying is probably the worst thing that could happen , and deaths should be reported , but we also should n't lose sight of the many many victims of this attack . 
  hopefully all get the physical and mental help they need after this . 
   you always complain about how your own country never wins ... not in the irish master race , we do n't . 
  jesus , you were n't wrong . 
  they 're trying to brigade so hard that even [ some of the crazies are being upvoted . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/69so8h/macron_is_the_new_french_president/dh935k7/ ), 
  it 's amazing watching all the people in here making shit up to defend their royalty . 
  they 're showing a great part of the reason why monarchs in 2017 are a terrible idea .
