  yea , unless he was set up by the police i do n't see why we should give a free pass to him . 
  conspiracy to commit acts of terrorism ? 
  if this was a premeditated murder , which it most probably was , and if mi5 and other agencies had tabs on them then they should have been able to gather the proper evidence . 
  they had been attending talks from an extremist muslim cleric in the local community centre , they had both travelled to kenya to train with al-shabaab . 
  they should have been monitored more closely and this could have been prevented . 
  as to your concerns , you make it sound like there will be no due process . 
  as with any case it should go to the courts and should be decided based on information gathered . 
  i do n't know why you are talking about locking people up and sticking them in guantanamo , that is not what this action is doing . 
  it is preventing them from returning to the uk and using the skills they have learnt abroad here . 
  you know the case of lee rigby that was sentenced recently ? 
  they were showing videos on the news of micheal adebowale at an extremist rally , the video was from somebody in the crowd . 
  that was just what our intelligence agencies have leaked , there is probably mountains of data on them both , heck it is rumoured that mi5 even tried to recruit him as a counter-spy but failed . 
  my point is that they knew this before they committed the murder and it was their incompetence that let it happen . 
  they have the information to be able to asses these things . 
  edit : mi5 , not mi6, 
  i would expect our intelligence agencies keep close tabs on anybody who travels to syria or similar areas . 
  edit : hey guys , please do n't down vote savanaajeff , he/she is asking important questions and there is no reason for it . 
  this is a sane approach , no qualms with this . 
  damn , this whole story is so disheartening , and found by his mother no less . 
  interesting , since everyone i know wants to move to london . 
  i study in an arts background and all the major design studios are in london . 
  most of the british have n't moved out , more foreigners have moved in . 
  yea , because hard power works so well . 
  i mean look at ... iraq . . and ... iran ... 
  or there is n't a readily available source where you can compare policies and the implementations of policies that have happened when a party has been in power ? 
  if you just watch the national news or the radio you do n't really hear about it . 
  i never hear gchq mentioned , hell , the biggest fuss that has been kicked up is from the newspapers phone hacking scandal . 
  there is no scandal to speak of in terms of national surveillance . 
  i certainly would n't have been aware of it if it was n't for this forum . 
  what about fish and chips ? 
  the height of our culinary prowess . 
  i would rather that than any fish and potato dish from sweden . 
  i did n't mean it like that , i was just acknowledging that it is n't strictly in europe . 
  but this statue is n't of a child , or a uni student or anyone else . 
  it is of a ww2 era soviet soldier , how is it blaming anyone else ? 
  well at what point do you separate the state from the people ? 
  should we blame germany as a whole for the atrocities of guernica or racial cleansing ? 
  should we not blame the british for the bombing of dresden ? 
  i would say it is fair to blame the people involved and also the state that sanctioned it 's actions , otherwise the accountability stops at the handful of people that were actually there , and we both know in most cases orders come from much higher up than your average foot soldier . 
  if a war crime was committed and somebody shows a sculpture/painting of it , i 'm ok with that , whatever nationality the perpetrators are . 
  people need to be reminded that war is a horrifying thing , not some fantasy adventure land like most army commercials would have you think . 
  yea the modern slavery bit , although i checked on the website you have to buy some blokes book to look at the research . 
  can you give me some source for that quote ? 
  it sounds rather dubious . 
  edit : sorry , i did n't realise asking for a source was worthy of downvoting ... 
  would this attempt be because she is an ambassador , or because she is a female ambassador ? 
  as an englishman i do n't really give a toss that we have ` lost ' our colonies . 
  we still have some form of sovereignty in most of those places and i just view it as part of an interesting past . 
  you 'd be a gullible fool to not think that this goes on in every country in europe . 
  police are easily corrupted ( see iraq ) , and a fence is n't going to stop a mortar shell from passing through . 
  yea , just wait for all the rebels to use it as refuge and then the army will come looking for them . 
  or the government will see it as a hostile act trying to take power from them and they will bomb it to shit . 
  unfortunately it 's not so simple , i wish it were . 
  getting away with it would be not being found out . 
  even though nothing has happened at present you can bet this has negatively effected eu leader 's opinions and may be a deciding factor in deal brokering in the future . 
  the problem is they did n't get away with it . 
  true , i do n't agree with him either . 
  i just like to have a fair discussion is all . 
  i think that 's a bit disingenuous , he said to take them back and go after the smugglers , not leave them in the water to die . 
  what is the ban for ? 
  this is as important as anything else that 's been posted and deserves a podium . 
  gardeners question time really changed my opinion on the iraq war !, 
  [ we made it ] ( http://softpower30.portland-communications.com/ranking ), 
  well if you look at the reality of the situation men are also the most at risk of being killed regardless of whether they are soldiers or not . 
  it is too late for that , the people who have already made it and that sends a more powerful message that it is possible , despite what authorities say . 
  that said i do agree that they need to be processed in some way and given a destination at which they are allowed to settle , not choosing based on welfare or what have you . 
  we have been screening people who claim asylum in the uk for years already . 
  it involves interviews with an immigration officer , checking any documentation when possible , checking the validity of the persons story etcetera . 
  here 's a link if your interested : https://www.gov.uk/claim-asylum my point is that it may be hard but it 's not impossible to weed out those who are simply trying to game the system . 
  there is no solution to this , it is an ongoing crisis and anything we do wont stop it , the wars have to settle before refugees stop leaving a country and we ca n't solve that . 
  what we can do is help the desperate and poor people who come to us in their time of need . 
  i think the best way to go about it would be to divide a quota between the european nations and carefully vet the people who arrive , make sure they are who they say they are and their refugee status is valid , send back those that are n't . 
  we lose a bit of our fundamental humanity if we leave people to die on the shores and streets of europe . 
  downvotes for me :(, 
  such a poignant photograph and a reflection of the desperation of these refugees . 
  to take that risk with your family and try to cross the ocean just shows how much these people need our help . 
  and then i hear cameron talking about how housing these people wont solve the problem ... it would be a fucking start at least , instead of just sitting in our ivory tower we have the chance to help these people !, 
  it 's so strange reading though that page , they do n't even mention any deaths due to malnutrition , it totally glosses over any wrong doing !, 
  sorry , was meant to be a joke . 
  i suppose it 's hard to convey light hearted chiding in text . 
  if a japanese person identifies themselves as an octopus are they a sovereign of the seas ? 
  british born girls most likely , so for all intents and purposes yea british girls . 
  i went to a pretty crappy school and i can tell you from personal experience that kids will pick on others they perceive as weak . 
  if an older kid tries to start shit with you you have to either stand up and prepare to get beaten up or it will become routine . 
  a misconception is that she was a good person , in reality she was a massive cunt . 
  her views were that the poor 's role was to suffer and that was somehow god 's plan . 
  if you went to her hospital you were n't given medicines , your family was n't allowed to see you , you were there to suffer . 
  i understand the reasoning behind this and i suppose i would have to agree ( as a meat eater ! ), 
  on principal that the killing is justified . 
  but it 's still sad to see these beautiful creatures killed like this . 
  inconsequential to what ? 
  to us it is obviously consequential , to the populations of fish , coral , land animals , plants that are being wiped out by the warming process it is consequential . 
  well if the earth is fucked none of that will be of any consequence . 
  haha if ` limited in scope ' means annexing land and invading the eastern part of a country then i 'd hate to guess what a real war looks like . 
  there is already open conflict from russia ... 
  might as well have just linked to the actual video instead of the telegraph fluff piece : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8w-kjrleaw, 
  the ocean is overfished and our coral reefs are literally dissolving , do you really think increased fishing will help us in the long run ? 
  hmmm should n't it be stairway to haven ? 
  i think scotland / northern ireland have a # 100 note . 
  is there a reason behind specifically targeting prison staff ?
