  yes . 
  however the rate at which the budget is increasing is slowing when you take the figures in real terms allowing for inflation . 
  plus when you combine the nhs and local authority social care budgets you see an overall drop in funding . 
  so while the conservatives are n't cutting the nhs funding . 
  they are directly increasing its workload by the cuts to soclal care . 
   did n't labour bring in more privatisation of the nhs than the tories did ? 
  yup . 
  labour are guilty here too . 
   perhaps they are just putting some contracts out to tender because they believe the private sector can sometimes do better ? 
  there will always be limited situations were private healthcare can help . 
  if you are plugging a short fall in demand that is absolutely fine . 
  so long as you are planning to increase service provision at the same time within the nhs to meet demand in the long term . 
  and this is n't happening . 
  many private companies have come into the nhs and there have n't been any attempts to remove the reliance on them in the longer term . 
  leading to ridiculous situations like a berkshire hospital when an nhs contractor quoted ~ # 800 for a blind . 
  which the ward matron ended up buying for ~ # 25 from a diy store . 
  the first responsibility of any government is to protect its people . 
  that said , there is absolutely no reason we ca n't invest in new fighters and fully fund the nhs . 
  the nhs is being intentionally squeezed because of an ideologically driven conservative party who believe it must be privatised . 
  step 1 : reduce funding so service becomes strained . 
  step 2 : bring in private companies to make up short fall in service provision . 
  step 3 : proclaim how private companies help resolve nhs pressures . 
  ( that the conservatives intentionally created , but they 'll skip over that part ) step 4 : fully privatise the nhs and screw over the tax payer ... again . 
  back to the fighters . 
  this sounds like a good idea on paper . 
  both countries will require new fighters and buying from the us is proving extremely expensive . 
  i ca n't see scotland being back in the eu anytime soon . 
  independence referendum 2 polls show no real shift on the scale required to change the outcome of the first referendum . 
  plus you also have polling data showing scots becoming increasingly eurosceptic . 
  especially towards the idea of increasing the powers of the eu or unifying under one eu government . 
  you 'll probably see a change overtime as more and more , particularly younger people , warm to the idea of a unified eu . 
  however that is a generation away from happening . 
   our government is utterly crap , lazy , corrupt and incompetent . 
  you could use any of those terms to describe the ni , scotland , wales or uk governments and the term would n't be incorrect . 
  i would n't be so envious . 
  it seems all the governments of our 2 islands are not fit for purpose . 
  you do realise the ni assembly recently collapsed over the renewable heat incentive scandal ? 
  even as-of a few hours ago , no new government is in place as inter-party talks broke down . 
  its only days until the new financial year and no budget is in place leaving big question marks over whether schools etc will even be able to open in a few weeks time . 
  i 'm not sure why you admire that sort of leadership . 
  its a mess . 
  there wo n't be a norway 2.0 , norway 's state oil company is making sure of that . 
  just look how they plundered ireland 's oil wealth . 
  and an oil discovery is n't going to magically solve scotlands problems . 
  they need people more then they need oil . 
  the population of scotland has at best stalled and worst , started into a slight decline . 
  this has been a problem for decades , leaving many of the more remote areas without vital services as there are no people to provide them . 
   losing the uk wo n't throw europe 's economy into a death spiral but losing access to 500 million of its biggest customers will do so to the uk 's economy . 
  i ca n't see the uk economy suffering a death spiral . 
  simply because of all the world-class business 's and business people there are in the uk . 
  i can see the uk economy suffering in the short-term due to how weak the uk political system is . 
  honestly i 'd be surprised if the uk government did not screw up the brexit talks . 
  most uk companies are the same and that 's why you already see them repositioning assets , capital and personnel to new satellite offices . 
  to ensure they can continue trading whatever mess the uk government leaves them with . 
  the great number of articles with `` anonymous sources '' these days has me questioning the validity of this article and others . 
  the occasional story using an anonymous source i could accept . 
  this constant stream of them is making me deeply sceptical . 
  if you take the anonymous sources and the repetition of information from previous news out of this article . 
  what * new * content does this article contain ? 
  nothing . 
  all it does is repacked the news from earlier in the week to gain a few views . 
   eu officials told politico . 
   the officials insisted . 
   a senior eu official said  other senior eu officials said  senior eu officials told politico  on tuesday , officials told politico  a senior eu official said . 
   one british mp  a european parliament official told politico this has to be the worst so-called news article i 've read all week . 
  no named sources makes it sound like politico just made up the story . 
  with a few old quotes included just to bulk out the article and give the impression it is not 100 % a fabrication . 
  i wish news outlets would wait until something actually happens with brexit instead of bombarding readers with these pointless articles . 
   the problem is not the eu , or the euro but your system of government which is populated and run by elites , who masterfully use the media to deflect attention from their continued mismanagement of the uk this really is the crux of the problem . 
  nothing would make me happier than to see an end to the first-past-the-post voting system and get some proper politicians in power instead of the political elite . 
  `` cautious articles '' from the guardian regrettably seem to be a thing of the past . 
  i had been a regular reader of the guardian for over 10 years both online and in print until they joined `` project fear '' in the build up to the brexit vote . 
  in the build up to the vote i went to the guardian looking for their usual insight and investigation of the facts about the benefits for leaving and remaining . 
  they offered none . 
  now months later we have constant speculation by the guardian . 
  all their articles are if this happens , but this could happen , maybe this will happen . 
  gone are reporting the facts as they stand and offering some guidance or thoughts on what comes next . 
  its lazy journalism , its attention grabbing rubbish . 
  you may wonder why are they doing this . 
  the answer is at the bottom of the article and i quote ;  since you 're here ... ... we 've got a small favour to ask . 
  more people are reading the guardian than ever , but far fewer are paying for it . 
  advertising revenues across the media are falling fast . 
  and unlike some other news organisations , we have n't put up a paywall -- we want to keep our journalism open to all . 
  so you can see why we need to ask for your help . 
  the guardian 's independent , investigative journalism takes a lot of time , money and hard work to produce . 
  but we do it because we believe our perspective matters -- because it might well be your perspective , too . 
  if everyone who reads our reporting , who likes it , helps to support it , our future would be much more secure . 
  sadly the guardian is in a financial hole . 
  the reality for them is they need as many page views as possible . 
  they lack the resources to do this through quality reporting . 
  instead they have found a gap in the market offering click-bait pro-remain articles that have no content within them . 
  and that 's why i 'm no longer a guardian reader . 
  this story is n't related to eu citizens seeking uk residency posted in the original article above . 
  she is a singaporean national . 
  these visa rules have been in place way before the brexit vote . 
  this seems a desperately sad case . 
  however the rules are there for a reason and it seems the lady had plenty of opportunities fulfil the visa requirements but never did , therefore has rightly been deported . 
  i find the '' # 12 in her pocket '' claim a bit sensationalist . 
  chester-le-street is n't exactly a poor area of the uk and singapore is wealthy too . 
   the point is people do n't want to anymore .
