  often on overcrowded trains or stuck in traffic on congested roads . 
   personally this event has shocked/surprised me because it means that regulation is either really bad or apparently nobody checks on it . 
  nobody checks . 
  cuts to council services have been extreme for the last 7 years . 
  pretty much every council is either under-funded or under-staffed or both . 
  the policy of cost-cutting is absolutely insanity . 
  the conservative government slash the budget of councils and then contract out essential public services to the lowest bidder believing they can do a better job . 
  this leads to short term financial gains at first , then the private company starts cutting corners and using inferior materials , like we see in the cladding of towerblocks , to keep their profit margins healthy while the building is run-down over many years . 
  then , when its no longer profitable , they simply avoid renewing the contract and the next government ends up paying massive sums to bring the building back up to a safe and adequate levels of housing . 
  then , a few years later , the conservatives get in government again and the cycle repeats as they slash budgets all over again . 
  honestly its just a national disgrace at this point . 
  every # 1 we save today is costing us # 10 in a few years and now priceless lives too . 
  we need the conservative government gone forever . 
  properly funded services . 
  then maybe councils could hire the staff they need , particularly the guardians of public sector buildings , the clerk of the works . 
  who have for hundreds of years been inspecting public buildings to make sure they are safe and up to industry standards . 
  critical shortage of housing , overloaded public services like schools / hospitals , overcrowding on trains and roads . 
  all of which could be dealt with however successive uk governments have failed to invest . 
  the current levels of immigration are n't the root cause of the problems but they are making a bad situation worse . 
  the uk could / should reduce non-eu immigration to less then 10,000 people for 2017 . 
  this wo n't happen because the current conservative government does n't believe in border guards or checks . 
  the vast majority of people can walk off international planes / ships completely without challenge from immigration control . 
  madness with the current security situation but also its leading to an unknown number of people entering the country . 
  even if the uk stops all immigration from eu and non-eu countries . 
  with the current population growth the uk would still be short on new houses / schools and trains . 
  sadly the political establishment is still choosing to blame immigrants then deal with the issues themselves and invest . 
  the creator of that video is probably thinking wtf ?!, 
  right now . 
  when they posted the video back in june 2016 they were getting a few dozen views a day . 
  then today , they suddenly are getting several hundred views an hour . 
  this subs insatiable appetite for content of weird political views never ceases to amaze me :p now , someone refill my popcorn bowl before the next video is posted !, 
   you 've shown the world a genetic hateful disposition to anything non-uk european , that 's been stuck inside of you for generations . 
  strangely evidence that is changing can be seen in the unlikely place of the eu referendum results . 
  you can clearly see the old are anti-eu and the young pro-eu . 
  with 60 % of the over 65 's voted to * leave * against 73 % of the 18-24 's voted to * remain * . 
  if the eu referendum was held in 2020 instead of 2015 , i think we can safely say we would of stayed . 
  while i appreciate the friendly offer . 
  i think at this point the uk is best leaving the eu . 
  the uk conservative government has been proven toxic to the health of the nation and completely ineffective at governing the country . 
  the uk needs to leave or we risk this toxic government infiltrating all levels of eu government too . 
  once the uk leaves we can then form a new government system that is more proportionally representative of the people in the country and come up with a new voting system that does n't allow the party-before-country politics the conservatives and others have imposed on the uk . 
  only then can we look at renewing old friendships and working cooperatively with other nations . 
  should have a pistol in her left hand , shooting herself in the foot at the same time . 
  guess that will come in the next comic once the brexit talks start . 
  there is always the `` unheard third '' as well . 
  those people so disillusioned with the political process they do n't take part and those that go to the voting station and intentionally spoil their vote . 
  if you include the `` unheard third '' in the calculations things look really different . 
  the conservatives got 29.2 % of those eligible to vote , yet have 48.9 % of the seats in parliament . 
  the lib dems got 5.1 % of those eligible to vote , yet have 1.8 % of the seats in parliament . 
  first-past-the-post massively distorts the reality of how much support the `` winner '' of the election really has . 
   corporations that leave the uk . 
  and go where ? 
  even if labour were to increase corporation tax to 26 % its still lower then the us , france and yes , belgium too . 
  the uk is a tremendous place to do business even after a tax rise . 
  i 'm not against big corporations making profit . 
  however i think we 've arrived at the point that even the corporations themselves realise they need to pay more into public services . 
  they struggle to fill skilled positions as education levels drop and their work force becomes increasingly more and more unhealthy due to an over-stretched healthcare service . 
  and a recession ? 
  well if the tories continue with this nonsense `` no deal is better then a bad deal '' negotiating position over brexit then we will have a recession either way . 
  the deficit is already out of control . 
  the national debt of the uk has risen ever year under the last 2 governments . 
  the nhs is collapsing now . 
  the current government has run it into the ground . 
  uk corporation tax rate has dropped from 30 % in 2008 to 19 % in 2017 . 
  share prices have rocketed as profits rise . 
  wages growth has been kept low , pressurizing household budgets as many people have received a pay rise below inflation for 5 + years now . 
  many public sector workers have had a 1 % pay rise for 7 years straight and basically ca n't pay the bills . 
  corporation tax is too low . 
  labour want to increase it to 26 % by 2020 . 
  somewhere between what it was in 2008 and what it is today . 
  the extra tax revenue can then be used to improve public service and wages . 
  that seems fair to me . 
  immigration to the uk is not about skin colour its about the fact we have 65-67 million people and infrastructure , homes and services for less then 60 million . 
  its a very british thing to politely queue and wait your turn . 
  no one jumps the queue or pushes forward , we just line up and wait . 
  these days though , modern life is becoming a constant queue for many people . 
  you have to wait for a seat on a train , you have to wait to see a doctor , you have to wait at the tills in the supermarket , you have to wait in traffic on the way to work , you have to wait for a home ( which has sent house prices sky-rocketing ) . 
  this has been an issue long before the uk voted to leave the eu . 
  successive uk governments have failed to address this overcrowding for 15-20 years now . 
  these levels of extremely high levels of immigration are just making a bad situation worse . 
  248,000 net migration in 2016 is the equivalent of a city the size of derby entering the country ever year . 
  we are an relatively small group of islands . 
  this is n't sustainable . 
  i ca n't believe on an issue as serious as terrorism you are resorting to childish finger pointing trying to shift the blame on others . 
  at the site of any natural or man-made disaster you have us aid , rescue workers and volunteers spearheading an international response . 
  often the heavy lifting is done by the us military . 
  yes the us might of made some mistakes along the way , like everyone else . 
  they could of easily given up and withdrawn to their own borders . 
  but they did n't , they continue to try to help those who really need it . 
  the us has unquestionably done more good them harm . 
  terrorism has been around for years , probably before the us was even a country . 
  lets accept its a global issue instead of blaming one another and collectively work to prevent terrorism in the future . 
  if that is the case why are the tories spamming social media with ads right now ? 
  the reality is a growing number of people get their news off social media these days . 
  why would you do that as a young person who uses the internet ? 
  are you happy the government logs every website you visit ? 
  that means when you search online for information on brain tumour treatment for an ill relative / friend the government knows . 
  what right do they have for that breach of privacy ? 
  do you want to give a tory government the right to block access to websites that they deem unacceptable ? 
  that could mean your favourite youtube channel because it does n't repeat government narrative or your favourite online game because its too violent .
