  never have . 
  myself , like the majority of the uk , is suffering war-fatigue at this point . 
  the eu has always been a peaceful organization . 
  sharing scientific projects , tackling food security , protecting peoples rights etc cooperation is what i like about the eu . 
  the idea of risking that with military ambitions is very worrying . 
  how long would it be after an eu army is formed that someone has the idea of hijacking our shared scientific knowledge to launch a military drone / plane / satellite ? 
  from there the eu becomes something entirely different . 
  not sure from a government point of view . 
  my own is the fear of being dragged into more unwanted wars . 
  the fact in reality an eu army is very weak and lacking key capabilities , logistics being the obvious one . 
  ( not sure an eu army could mobilized without us logistic support . ), 
  the biggest burden of an eu army would fall to the most capable and that would mean the uk/france probably paying more and risking more lives . 
  the guardian was the last newspaper i read on a regular bases . 
  they lost me as a reader with these self-pity articles that are written by the author so they can feel better about themselves , instead of facing up to the reality they caused this situation by writing shitty articles throughout the eu referendum campaign . 
  surely common sense has to prevail in this situation ? 
  if montenegro wants to join the eu it needs to ignore this paperwork technicality and start the process . 
  realistically there is going to be zero objections from the uk because we will be focusing on brexit issues for the next 10 years . 
  there will never be a perfect moment to start the accession progress . 
  if montenegro waits until 2019 there could be some other issue , then again in 2022 and so on , meaning they never join . 
  start the process , get everything complete up to the final signing on the dotted line . 
  worst case nobody will be able to sign until 2019 but it better to happen then instead of never . 
   disinclination of germans to play any role in the military sphere i find that really worrying . 
  thinking back over german history they have been involved in countless wars since the germanic wars with rome . 
  surely any logical person would conclude that if there has been need for military force so many times in the last 2000 years , at some point in the next 2000 years , military force is going to , regrettably , be required again . 
  you ca n't just create a military force overnight . 
  proper planning and training takes years if not decades to create a fighting force . 
  its interesting to compare that video to my local area . 
  immigration and being ruled by brussels were the same reasons here , the meaning was a little different though . 
  where i live for those 60 + that voted leave there was one phrase repeated everywhere ; `` i voted for a common market not a political union '' i could never argue with that point . 
  then immigration . 
  unlike this video , it was not fear of immigration it was 3 things . 
  * housing crisis - a lot of people linked immigration to the housing shortage . 
  whereas in reality its caused by years of bad planning failing to build the required number of homes . 
  * immigrants taking jobs - i thought this was the most stupid . 
  until i learned apprenticeships and in-work training had all but disappeared locally over the last 10 years . 
  the reason being it was cheaper for business to hire from within the eu then train their own staff . 
  * cultural identity - a lot of people thought mass-migration was eroding their cultural identity . 
  i somewhat agreed until i saw a report on how pubs were in decline because of dropping consumption over the last 20 years . 
  combined with the tiny < 1 % overseas migration in my area it did n't add up . 
  then i found what was replacing the pubs . 
  small community hubs for immigrants , like traditional polish deli 's or indians . 
  a very visible sign of change that amplified the reality of the number of new people in the local area . 
  the old community pub was still in use as a social gathering point , but people perceived the change as cultural erosion when in reality culture had already changed and it would be derelict if it was n't for new owner . 
  its telling that all 3 of these `` immigration '' problems are really domestic issues that have been allowed to develop over many years without being addressed . 
   imo security should n't be part of a trade agreement , but if no close relationship comes out of the negotiations , the uk should reassess its contribution to securing foreign nations . 
  why help out those who no longer see us as friends ? 
  the way i understand how gchq and the intelligence community work is : the more data you pump into them , the better the intel you get out . 
  for that reason i 'm all for continued cooperation simply because partner nations feeding us more data will ultimately help protect and prevent attacks on the uk . 
  i 'm fundamentally against many of the pm 's policies , particularly on things like the investigatory powers act and banning encryption . 
  i 'd never consider voting for her either . 
  that said , she is at least a proper politician . 
  she behaves with honour and integrity and is n't prone to the gaffs of other high profile politicians in recent years . 
  and now we are faced with endless negotiations and mountains of paperwork i have to say by some fluke , she is probably exactly the pm we need to take us through brexit . 
  my thoughts ; * 0:40 - brexit is a regrettable event . 
  - i agree * 1:44 - citizens first - i agree * 3:10 - fair and constructive negotiations - i agree * 3:30 - no uk trade negotiations with other countries until uk leaves the eu - i disagree , unless there is a solid reason why this has to be . 
  * 3:45 - no uk trade deals with individual nations in the eu27 - i agree * 4:25 - no hard border between northern ireland & republic of ireland - i agree * 5:08 - financial settlement , uk to meet all legal , financial , budget responsibilities - i agree , assuming uk also gets eu assets its contributed too * 5:45 - best for uk to stay in single market , at least customs union - i agree , but not going to happen * 6:10 - dividing single market by sector wo n't be allowed - i agree * 6:35 - article 217 - first i 've heard of this * 7:25 - no bargaining on areas of cooperation , like security for trade - i agree * 8:00 - 3 year transition period - i agree , the shorter the better, 
  i always find it depressing how few subscribers or views political videos have on youtube . 
  people just seem so uninterested in politics . 
  interesting analogy . 
  to answer your question . 
  there is * no * going back . 
  as much as i 'd like it . 
  the referendum result is final and on the 16th of this month brexit was written into law by parliament . 
  any trade deals done now are for after the uk leaves the eu . 
  yeah its completely unclear . 
  the uk has countries queuing at the door wanting to talk trade deals . 
  we 're not going to turn them away unless there is a good reason for it . 
   while being a member it needs to continue to follow the rules that apply to all members . 
  what is the purpose for this rule even existing ? 
  it makes no sense to block trade talks between a member of the eu that is leaving and the rest-of-the-world . 
  there are no downsides to eu if the uk talks to other countries . 
  there must be a reason . 
  you ca n't have a rule for the sake of it . 
  google is throwing up nothing for me . 
  one internet point to anyone who knows the logic behind this rule . 
  ok but now the uk has formally given notice it is leaving . 
  why is it considered unreasonable to begin uk trade talks with the rest-of-the-world ? 
  people have the right to plan their future . 
  i ca n't see any negatives to the eu if the uk signs a trade deal with new zealand that comes into effect the day after the uk leaves the eu . 
  so what purpose does this rule have in a practical sense ? 
  what harm is there in trade deals being signed between the uk and the rest-of-the-world that would come into effect the day after the uk formally leaves the eu ? 
  do the eu expect uk business 's to close the day after the uk leaves the eu , then re-open once trade deals are in place ? 
  seems a really odd point to make . 
  i think its a copy & paste . 
  if it was a macro she would of changed the font to comic sans ms with an added smiley face too . 
  there has been significant pressure within the uk from business and your average person on the street to secure the rights of eu citizens in the uk and vice-versa . 
  i would n't be at all surprised if in the article 50 letter being delivered in 15 minutes time by the uk government to the eu , we will see them guarantee eu citizen rights . 
  the uk government will want to be seen to be getting off to a positive start at the beginning of these 2 years of negotiations . 
   decreasing the rate at which the nhs ' budget increases seems like a far cry from `` reducing funding '' to it . 
  like i said ;  when you combine the nhs and local authority social care budgets you see an overall drop in funding . 
   so what proportion of spending would those limited situations be ? 
  i have no problem with 7 % / 27 % / 57 % . 
  so long as its on a temporary basis that private companies are contracted to help overcome a short fall or train new skills within the nhs . 
  take the nhs supply chain as an example . 
  with a budget of ~ # 120billion the nhs requires a massive logistics operation . 
  you 'd think the nhs would run it themselves . 
  they do n't , dhl do . 
  which immediately raises the question why can a supermarket run its own supply chain and the nhs ca n't ? 
  there is nothing to stop the nhs running its own logistics , like it has done in the past . 
   have n't they increased nhs funding every year they 've been in power ?
