i 'm no economist but the current 2014-2020 budget is $ 960 . 
  what possible justification is there for that figure ? 
  * are we using it to fight ebola ? 
  * are we using it to tackle the immigration crisis in southern europe ? 
  * are we using it to secure are eastern borders against russia/isis ? 
  instead ; * we are spending it on incentives for farmers to leave land aside for environmental reasons . 
  * we are spending it on roads to nowhere in less developed eu countries . 
  * we are spending it on countries that are n't even in the eu to help grow their economy so they can join in the future . 
  the eu budget is massively out of control . 
  billions of $ 's are wasted . 
  no eu member state should pay their `` fair share '' into a blackhole . 
  enough is enough . 
  the uk ca n't afford to be in the eu and it ca n't afford not to be in the eu . 
  the only choice remaining is for financial reform for the sake of all eu member states . 
   and to think eu support was at something like a 20 year high in the uk just last week . 
  ...  uk has historically been and continues to be rather euro-sceptic ? 
  why do we in the uk constantly have to remind every the majority of us are pro-eu , pro-eu !!!!!, 
  just look at that poll results . 
  it is incredibly frustrating having to defend ourselves against waves of claims of something we are not . 
  this nonsense is just blocking discussion on the real issue of how we fund the eu . 
  the uk is bankrupt to the tune of # 1.4 trillion and rising !, 
  essential services like social care and road maintenance have all been cut back in recent years to the point many are closing and charities like food banks are growing in number . 
  we need that # 1.7 billion . 
  for the eu to ask for more off a country that is facing such a huge funding shortage just underlines how broken and unsustainable the current eu structure is . 
  the uk is facing a housing crisis right now . 
  that is probably the best example . 
  the house of lords recently published a report saying we need to be building 300,000 + homes a year . 
  in 2015 we managed just ~ 145,000 . 
  there are many reasons why . 
  not least in large parts of particularly england , we are simply out of suitable land . 
  yes you could build on farmland but that just swaps a housing crisis for a food crisis as we already rely on huge food imports ( over 50 % the total consumed ) . 
   well , the british members repeat what they have read in the british media . 
  they carefully avoid to have an opinion of their own or , god and queen forbid , listen to a foreign source . 
  your comment and your actions contradict each other . 
  you accuse people of repeating a false opinion that they have read in the british media as their own . 
  yet you opened this topic by posting an article from a british newspaper . 
  stop giving the british media oxygen if you are against them . 
  post the foreign media sources instead . 
  you will never educate people of the facts unless you start posting them . 
  from what i 've read , brexit is n't going to balance things out . 
  its just going to make london , the rest of the uk and the eu poorer . 
  at least in the short-medium term . 
  as for the government . 
  the system we have now is a broken mess . 
  how can 1.1 million people vote for the green party and get 1 mp to represent their views . 
  while 1.4 million vote for the scottish national party and get 56 mps to represent them in parliament ?!, 
  until we have fair representation in parliament of how the people are actually voting i do n't believe anything will change . 
  yes but the exact opposite is true for the last 10 years . 
  a lot of people in london with their fuck the-rest-of-the-uk attitude have been watching other parts of the uk suffer and not do anything to help because `` well nothings changed here ! '', 
  surely its about time for a more balanced approach distributing the wealth so all areas of the uk benefit . 
  not sure exactly what you are referencing between trade and your wife . 
  sounds a nasty situation . 
  hope it works out for the best for you and your wife . 
  certain news outlets i 'd always felt were trustworthy completely failed to discover the facts and hold the politicians to account over the lies . 
  that was shock yes . 
  in terms of effort i had a list of 15 + items . 
  worked out my position on less then half that number myself . 
  the rest i either never fully understood , european arrest warrant and its alternatives being one . 
  or i only partly discovered answers from one side of the leave / remain debate . 
  there were a few useful explanations , brian cox on science funding being a good example , during the campaign that helped fill in some blanks . 
  friends explained some other issues too . 
  overall though i did n't have all the answers when i went to vote and i did n't have more time to find them out myself . 
  overall i 'm happy i voted the right way . 
  still , disappointing that we were denied a proper debate so all my questions could be answered . 
  state , country , family of nations . 
  whatever you call it , i think we know the point they are making . 
  yet none of these appeared at all during the debate . 
  this is why i 'm so angry . 
  i found as many answers as i could myself because those on the leave / remain sides of the debate did n't offer any answers themselves . 
  how many people voted having found all the answers to their questions ? 
  a very small amount looking at the results . 
  it was a disgrace . 
  you ca n't say anything else . 
  such an important question was hijacked by the media / politicians and we are left with the consequences our entire lives . 
  where was i ? 
  like many people i was trying to find answer to my questions . 
  what are the plans for eu energy security ? 
  what are the plans for climate change ? 
  what is going to be done to help ukraine ? 
  there were no answer anywhere to be had . 
  the media / politicians created a situation were the only information given out was the information they wanted to give out or throw mud at one another . 
  no answers to any questions that you know , the people , might have . 
  that was n't a debate . 
  it was a disgrace . 
  in a world where borders do n't matter anymore with global corporations , the internet and climate change . 
  i find it amazing people still want to return to clans / kingdoms / empires . 
  nicola sturgeon , please stop trying to split my family and my country ? 
  well since i 've given my support to the campaign to have the sun removed from sale over their lies about hillsborough . 
  i ca n't see that happening . 
  its not one article . 
  the guardian could of been a force for good during the eu referendum campaign . 
  instead like all other papers they went to the gutter . 
  i just wanted the facts , i wanted the media to keep the politicians honest . 
  the guardian failed me on both accounts . 
  how can you predict the future with so much confidence ? 
  the eu is made up of nations that have started wars for hundreds of years . 
  like it or not this form of political resolution through military might is something that happens . 
  of course i realise i 'm british . 
  that fact does n't stop me being objective about being against the short term military interventions that have ruined british reputation in recent years . 
  i 'm not voting for the uk political elite who think they are god .
