  the evidence points to the exactly opposite that people * do want * to visit the uk , in record numbers . 
  i do n't see the result of the brexit vote as hostile either . 
  the uk is leaving peacefully as a result of a democratic vote by the people . 
  you are free to jump on a plane and visit the uk tomorrow . 
  even after the uk leaves the eu , you 'll be able to jump on a plane and visit the uk the next day . 
  we are n't closing ourselves off from the world . 
  you need to reset your views on the uk . 
  your post above talks of physical violence to europeans . 
  yes there were a tiny number of unacceptable crimes committed . 
  however just yesterday , there was news of 10 attacks a day in germany , directed at immigrants . 
  would this make me think twice about visiting germany again , no , absolutely not . 
  bad things happen to good people everywhere . 
  you ca n't let that stop you from living your life . 
  with the price of the # currently so low , it makes for a great time to visit the uk . 
  i live near a major uk tourist attraction and 2016 was the most successful ever with nearly 2 million visitors . 
  people came from across the uk and the eu and indeed from around the world . 
  its a perfect example of how the uk has become a member of the modern global society . 
  nato hq ** is ** in brussels !, 
  yes its a noble thing to enter politics to serve your country . 
  however unless you have the skills , experience and ability to perform the role , you are going to do more harm then good . 
  right now the uk is facing a huge number of political challenges . 
  i want people who can actually help solve the housing crisis and crippling train congestion . 
  rather then someone who wants to help but ca n't offer a solution . 
  some mp 's are incredibly intelligent and are fulfilling their destiny to be a great leader . 
  many are , well , filling what would otherwise be empty seats in parliament . 
  the biggest problem is pay . 
  never going to attract the brightest and the best for # 75,000 a year . 
  if we want smart people leading the country we need to pay the market-rate for their service to the country . 
  that probably means raising mp 's pay to # 270,000 + a year or whatever 10x the national average pay currently works out as . 
  france would probably be a better bet for nuclear power . 
  uk nuclear power generation has diminished a lot in recent years . 
  in fact the whole uk power grid is down to a less then comfortable ~ 2 % surplus . 
  does make you wonder what might of been for portugal . 
  this citadel is another example of the greatness and importance of the portuguese empire . 
  if it was n't for the 1755 lisbon earthquake , tsunami and inferno . 
  portugal probably would of been the dominant # 1 global super power for centuries longer . 
  gun crime and knife crime has been rising in liverpool for awhile . 
  it mostly seems limited to a very small group of rival gangs judging by local / regional news . 
  as a regular member of the public you 'd have to be incredibly unlucky to be the victim of gun or knife crime as its a very safe and welcoming city these days . 
  the only people who are going to win in this battle between the eu and uk , are the banks they are fighting over . 
  once the negotiations are complete , banks will have all sorts of tax breaks and incentives to locate wherever . 
  not sure what the story is here . 
  mps surely would n't of been basing their decision to vote for/against trident on what seems a fairly routine test after some systems were upgraded on the submarine . 
  besides like any test , it was a success . 
  ok it would of been great if it worked first time , however the test seems to of been performed safely and they now have an opportunity to fix the problem . 
  if no testing was being done i think many mps would of changed their mind . 
  the comedian was boris johnson , correct ? 
  i ca n't blame people for downvoting . 
  i do n't think its reasonable for one subject for dominate this sub for 10 months like this moment-by-moment brexit coverage has . 
  for the majority of people in this sub , brexit means nothing to their daily lives . 
  so please lets stop throwing it in everyone 's faces each day . 
  your own taoiseach wants to move customs checks etc to seaports and airports . 
  yes , good point . 
  well explained , 
  it is the only land border on the island of ireland . 
  what possibly need is there for a physical border there ? 
  do you fear stolen cars being imported through belfast , loaded onto a car-transporter , driven to cork , then shipped to the rest of the eu ? 
  that is n't an economical for an legal or illegal enterprise . 
  not to mention it would look ever so slightly out of place if cork sudden sees high value cars being shipped out . 
  we are only talking about a wall/border between the republic of ireland and northern ireland . 
  to get to that border you would of already had to cross other international/eu borders . 
  there is no reason to have a hard border between the republic of ireland and northern ireland . 
  one of the great things about the single market is it creates trust . 
  trust the product will be as described , trust it will be of the right quality , trust it will be a fair price . 
  that trust already existed between northern ireland and the republic of ireland before eu membership . 
  just because brexit is happening does n't mean trust is going to evaporate overnight and checks will need to be introduced on the border . 
  any additional paperwork can be done electronically in terms of tariff payments or whatever . 
  yes . 
  because the people in northern ireland do n't want a hard border . 
  the people of the republic of ireland do n't want a hard border . 
  the eu , uk , republic of ireland and northern ireland governments do n't want a hard border . 
  nobody seems to want a hard border between northern ireland and the republic of ireland . 
  to me that 's fairly conclusive there wo n't be a hard border . 
  / u/apostlethirteen was talking about needing a wall between northern ireland and the republic of ireland . 
  trade with the rest of the uk/eu/world is a different issue . 
  there is nowhere near the same scale or complexity of trade between the republic of ireland and northern ireland + the rest of the uk . 
  compared to the uk and the rest of the eu . 
  the amount of trade is relatively small and fairly straight forward . 
  all the people involved in trade between northern ireland and the republic of ireland want it to continue without barriers . 
  i 've not seen any serious suggestion from the eu , uk , republic or ireland or northern ireland governments that a wall is needed . 
  i am aware of the problems brexit brings . 
  it would of been great if it never happened . 
  but it has . 
  so lets not create another problem where one does n't exist . 
  we have the cta so do n't need checks on people at the border . 
  tariffs on goods is a paper-exercise and does n't have to be agreed on the border either . 
  no wall is required . 
  there wo n't be a wall . 
  the republic of ireland and the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , have had the common travel area agreement in place since before eu membership and there are no plans to end the common travel area . 
  the yemeni people are dying . 
  they ca n't wait . 
  all arms should be stopped to saudi arabia immediately . 
  there is no justification for bombing a country into oblivion . 
  if saudi arabia did n't have their endless pots of black gold they would have to grow some balls and resolve their issues through talking , instead of raining down death from the skies . 
  interesting numbers . 
  how many hours is the typical working week in romania ? 
  how long is the average commute to work in romania ? 
  i ca n't help but feel the biggest problem with worker efficiency in the uk is people start work tired and finished exhausted . 
  the working week is typically a reasonable 37.5 hours . 
  however the commute for most people is 1 + hours to and from work .
