just because they did n't change the laws does n't mean they are not homophobic . 
  melih gokcek mayor of ankara said `` there should n't be a gay mayor in turkey . '', 
  again in ankara there were posters saying `` kill all these people who commit the same sin as the people of gomora ( lut ) '' police did n't even do anything about it . 
  it 's a hate speech . 
  last year in pride parade lgbt people were shot with rubber bullets and water canons . 
  everyday trans people are being murdered and media does n't even cover these news . 
  gay people could get away with their obligatory military service but they need to show their pics or video while they are having sex with another man and when they are the bottom one . 
  gay people lose their jobs because of their sexual orientation . 
  they ca n't work for government . 
  should i continue ? 
  who the fuck is protecting gays from hate crimes ? 
  obviously you know nothing about gay culture in turkey . 
  i 'm scared as fuck about what 's happening in turkey . 
  this is no good . 
  i did n't say anything about syrian immigrants and whether this agreement is worth it or not . 
  of course i agree on you these issues . 
  what i was trying to say is that saying `` business people can travel easily anyway and average turk ca n't afford to travel to europe due to currency rates . '', 
  is a wrong assumption . 
  and your previous comment was only focusing on that . 
  plus it 's not only about `` cheap flight '' . 
  traveling is my favorite thing to do and it makes people 's view of perspective broader . 
  so that 's why i also think that it 'll be good for turkish people to experience other cultures . 
  it 'll make them more tolerant , more educated and more intellectual . 
  it can open people 's eyes . 
  most of turks dies before they have a chance to visit another country in their lifetimes . 
  that 's not correct . 
  it 's a win for average turk . 
  do you know it took me more than 3 months to get a 90 days visa to visit denmark ? 
  i was a student and i got an invitation letter from university of copenhagen and all . 
  also i had to give my finger print and my head shot in copenhagen . 
  plus everytime we apply for a visa we pay a fee and we have to plan our visit way ahead of time . 
  it 's not like `` hey a cheap flight i should visit paris ! '', 
  this visa thing is not only about finance . 
  i have to show a lot of papers and wait to get a visa . 
  one of my closest friends is a french guy who lives in paris . 
  he is like `` i found a cheap flight to \u0130stanbul . 
  do you wan na meet next week ? '', 
  and i have to arrange my travel at least a few months ago if i want to visit him in paris . 
  also i have to pay visa fee and obtain a lot of papers from various institutions to show `` i 'm no danger to europeans '' plus some consulates does n't even accept your papers directly from you . 
  you also have to pay a third party company to hand it over to them like vfsglobal . 
  so you do n't have any idea how annoying it is for the average turk . 
  some men just want to watch turkey burn dude . 
  i understand what you mean . 
  i 'm sick of correcting people and i 'm sick of being accused as terrorist or jihadist or whatever just because i am turkish . 
  i 'm not even a muslim . 
  this is so sad . 
  it may be a lot . 
  i do n't know if there are thousands of warnings but you do n't know it as well . 
  maybe less . 
  but that does n't mean majority of them are false reports . 
  just yesterday a japanese man got caught in syrian border while trying to join isis . 
  text messages on his phone confirmed his intentions . 
  he fucking fly all the way from japan to join isis . 
  what makes you think that there are n't so many who 're trying to join isis and that all of those warnings are false ? 
  there were two major explosion in europe in a few months and in both cases turkey said that they warned france and belgium ? 
  do you need third or fourth one ? 
  i 'm not saying it 's an easy task to investigate all those people but if turkey say that there 's something going on suspicious they should be looked at . 
  it 's easy to say `` a broken clock is right twice every day . '', 
  i agree it can be more strict . 
  but like seriously there are a lot of beaches in western part of turkey very close to greek islands . 
  it still is not an easy task . 
  i agree . 
  i am turkish but i voted for hdp in the last elections even though i know they are related to pkk . 
  ( some members are , not all of them of course . ), 
  my logic was that if they have a voice in the parliament if they can pass election threshold ( they never passed it before ) , they might stop terrorist attacks . 
  so that we can discuss what kurds want in a democratic way . 
  but after elections pkk became even more violent . 
  so sad and i regret my vote tbh . 
  they do n't individually recognized it as terrorist organization . 
  but you 're correct . 
  i just checked . 
  official position of eu says that they 're terrorist organization . 
  my mistake . 
  but when terrorist leaders of pkk hides in europe all the time and when europe does n't do anything about it , it does n't sound very convincing . 
  for example there was an explosion on march 13th in ankara . 
  37 died and 125 were injured . 
  it 's been done by tak a group of pkk . 
  here 's a link to a news from kurdish institute of brussels : http://www.kurdishinstitute.be/tak-claims-responsibility-for-the-bomb-action-in-ankara/ if you think that this paper does n't support terrorism then i have nothing to say . 
  they even called suicide bomber as self sacrificer . 
  ps : i 'm not trying to say that people in brussels deserved this attack in any way . 
  i 'm deeply sorry for every life lost to terrorist attacks . 
  when i give examples like this one , sometimes people misunderstand what i 'm trying to say . 
  i know that you get your birth certificate from church in denmark . 
  is it the same in norway ? 
  most danes are also non believers . 
  to me it 's really strange that they still get their birth certificate from church and they register to church . 
  it does n't make sense at all . 
  also are you paying taxes for church even if you do n't believe in god ? 
  it 's not only for political points . 
  he 's gon na take europe 's money and he 's not gon na spend it on syrian refugees as he promised to do . 
  he 'll use it for his own purpose . 
  this government is the most corrupt government in the history of turkey . 
  mostly they are . 
  but they are radical kurds that makes terrorist attacks in turkey . 
  think it as isis . 
  not every muslim is terrorist but members of isis are . 
  but interestingly european countries ca n't see that . 
  i do n't know why and they do n't officially consider pkk as terrorist organization . 
  they always think that supporting pkk means being pro kurdish but it 's not . 
  i 'm pro kurdish but i do n't support pkk whatsoever .
