they even serve efes pilsen beer . 
  what about dictatorship of the proletariat ? 
  i 'm not even mad.that 's realy good craftsmanship . 
  right , i totaly forget the pomaks . 
  i thought propoganda songs was common in world not just in turkey . 
  [ let the shit show begin ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sp7xaxq.png ), 
  [ ` persecution began in 1453 ' seen in istanbul ] ( http://i.hizliresim.com/j3rp55.jpg ), 
  well i 'm too neighborino, 
  sorry , i can not show some source in english.there was a large campaign for turkization of newly conqured countries , bosnian and bulgarian muslims were directly settled from anatolia to balkans , they were not converted , correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  then go to your shithole you backward turk . 
  edit : i 'm being sarcastic . 
  actually ottomans did n't bother converting local populations.non muslims was paying more tax than muslims.only example i know converted is albania . 
  but it does n't mean there were no oppression . 
  [ here comes dat k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daro\u011flu ] ( https://youtu.be/a6qdqhrs_7c ) o shit waddup, 
  i hope they will succeed in their effort of uniting the island.and we will travel the nice beaches of varosha - abondened city - . 
  there is good documentry [ varosha ] ( https://youtu.be/ftzmspgrasi ) made by erciyes universty students . 
  good . 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little infidel ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the islamic state , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on the us military , and i have over 300 confirmed beheadings . 
  i am trained in gorilla warfare and i 'm the top terrorist in the entire middle east . 
  you are nothing to me but just another kafir . 
  i will cut your head the fuck off with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of mujahedin across the usa and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the bombs , maggot . 
  the bomb that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare hands . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of isis an al qaeda and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , infidel . 
   they called themselves socialists . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  cumhuriyet does n't seems to update english section.if you want to follow turkish politics i recommend you this [ newspaper ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/ ), 
  that news from 2014 . 
  even the us and eu did n't recognized them as a terrorist organizations and supplied with weapons in that time.i 'm sure they 're recognized terrorist organization by the turkish goverment . 
  edit : found the time in 2 june 2014 , el nusra ( today known as jabhat fateh el sham ) recognized as terrorist organization, 
  stalin did nothing wrong . 
  with the dervishs in the other side.i tried that was not a good experience , all i wanted to learn which one is better . 
  greeks can drink ouzo . 
  do n't you guys get teached about nicolae iorga 's books, 
  we have one of the best scholars in that matter.it 's a meme because erdo wants to fight with the latin alphabet reform.he said that so people mocked, 
  * in turkish : * * osuruktan teyyare selam s\u00f6yle o yare * * `` airplane out of the fart , say hi to that sweetheart '', 
  but germany have the cleanest prostitutes . 
  yea , sure buddy . 
  being a colorblind sucks man . 
  i 'm sure some armenian genocide apologist claims armenians killed innocents arguments too . 
  which i truely acknowledge genocide of armenians.don ' t do whataboutism because of my ethnicity . 
  and yours passions of laf leader monuments - the fascists who killed poles and jews because of their racistic , bigotory thoughts - is something i do n't understand because you condemned the nazis previosly . 
  [ how many people has communism killed ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/konip69r6vg ), 
  ` laf ' the people who persecuted poles , established ghettos for them . 
  if you cool with the nazis why not . 
  and liberating from nazis . 
  it did n't go well . 
  eastern european guy i tricked you :d this sencence was from a pro stalin song . 
  so they block the mass media for prevent election shenanigans.if it 's how western democracy functions we block the media time to time also . 
  por que ? 
  dude in anatolia opium and hashish growing goes 3000 years ago.we have a city called opium.unfortunately yankees threatened to bomb istanbul so we stopped dealing drugs . 
  [ get the boats ready france !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_connection ), 
  and also ankara, 
  good for you fellow kebab . 
  they can leave the straits and comeback after twenty-one day.americans did this in russo - georgian war . 
  you should go to their meeting someday . 
   leftist nationalism you earned a comfy place in gulag . 
  stalin ate all the grain and paid the clouds not to rain . 
  nah , that would be extreme and inhumane . 
  yes , there are some descendants of the family , nilhan osmanoglu , who claims to be a direct descendant of ottoman sultan abdulhamid ii and has pledged to vote `` yes '' in an upcoming turkish referendum . 
  she went on a talk show and confessed she considers herself royalty and hence would love to see the monarchy reinstated . 
  she said she has no jewelry from her family.when she goes to saudi arabia , she is hosted as a princess , but in turkey she is not accorded the proper protocol . 
  and finally she claimed galatasaray island belongs to her . 
  wish we used the bolshevik way to deal with monarchs.can ' t stand the unreasonable claims of the ottoman family . 
   i thought this was an autonomous collective . 
  brits, 
  ubi is the last effort to preserve capitalism when the automation threatens too many jobs.seizing the means of production is the first choice against capitalism . 
  nationalize religious facilities , train clerics in state institutions . 
  a turkish immigrant broke his bicyle when he was a child.muslims caused it confirmed again / s, 
  oooo poor breivik had mommy issues . 
  hamas and iran relations is n't good after the syrian civil war.where hamas sides with the opposition and iran with bashar al assad.they 're now buddies with pflp even though pflp is anti cleric . 
  i ca n't name a better neighbor than iran tbh . 
  i have a impression that you do n't know what al-kaide is.they do n't operate against saudis , they literally fight side by side with al kaide in yemen . 
  sectarian divide between those organizations are very clear.only americans believe iran is supporting sunni extremist meme . 
  according to presidency of religious affairs 's statistic % 92 of turks have never read quran . 
  this cat could n't be saved today , unfortunately :( https://youtu.be/-n_4tddj30u?t=1m13s, 
  absolutely haram . 
  how do they use red scare card against social democrat party ? 
  finns are good at communist music . 
  even a broken clock is right twice a day . 
  probably . 
  akp 's education system has reached its goal . 
  i hate these maps . 
   sure we do n't know what he meant with that part , but just replace `` in name of secularism '' with `` in name of allah '' and then tell me how it sounds . 
  it sounds pretty normal if someone says '' in name of secularism '', 
  nice horseshoe theory you got there . 
  i wish lol . 
  ex-yugoslavia was a market socialist system , i 'd rather choose true communist like enver hoxha . 
  perpetrator is dead .
