but their minimum wage is : 404,16 eur pro monat ( juli 2014 ) . 
  i wish i could to an erasmus but i did n't find any mechatronic be courses . 
  but 5 z\u0142 for a beer in kazimierz is hard to top . 
  in juli , the temperature in hammerfest was about 25\u00bac . 
  that did n't seem right . 
  if he 's 16 or older : beer . 
  21 years for buying alcohol is hard to comprehend . 
  is n't this also because you can check the financial situation of your neighbors online ? 
  if you massively cheat taxes , the difference between thr numbers from the finance ministry and your living style become quite obvious . 
  still better than beeing gay !, 
  ( his words after remarks from guido westerwelle some years ago ), 
  i do n't think you have to be rich and powerful do remove google entries of your name . 
  the request is free . 
  well at least you only had 28 traffic deaths per 1 mio inhabitants whereas germany has had 44 in 2012, 
  i wonder how long british people can enjoy their two + afterwork beers . 
  i actually never bought poultry and eggs that did n't came from germany or maybe it 's neighbouring countries . 
  is this even competetive given the enormous production here in europe ? 
  berlin : obnoxious tweens from spain and gb . 
  and i thought they had no money . 
  but at least they 're more enthusiastic about our nightlife . 
  well she speaks middle asian languages . 
  and complete foreigners trust other immigrants more than germans - best example : people working at the ausl\u00e4nderbeh\u00f6rde . 
  well , our lawmakers have put something in place that is called public interest . 
  i asume if you serve the public and your job ids financed by the government this would be in our interest . 
  it 's the same if ai weiwei get 's his job as prof at the udk . 
   `` it gets even better when the expulsion is justified by a too-low income which is paid by the berlin state as an employer , '' she said sarcastically . 
  `` then it just becomes absurdistan . '', 
  i usually do n't like mrs. 
  pop , but this pinpoints the situation . 
  of course , her engagement is a big public interest . 
  but maybe she just makes the horrible servants at the ausl\u00e4nderbeh\u00f6rde too much work for giving immigrants tips on how to stay here . 
  germans can be as unproduktive and lazy as anyone else . 
  right now i 'm taking a long bath instead of beeing in my engeneering courses . 
  i think the bundestag still has n't ratified the latest un anti corruption guideline . 
  and there were still some ( cdu ) politicians who voted against preciser salary declarations of the mps ... 
  i 'm rather glad that the next nuclear bunker is 250 m away from me . 
  well they can basically chose between aladeen and aladeen now : /, 
  or a scammer scheme, 
  i mean , they come from a country with even stricter laws concerning `` national circumstances '' . 
  that 's next level stupidity . 
  one problem is that you can apply to many self employed businesses without proving any qualifications . 
  this grants you residence ( even from bulgaria ) but possible employes aka customers wont probably book you . 
  then you can apply for welfare because you do n't get any job . 
  the unemployed roma in berlin often do n't have a better life than in their former country and i find the situation a bit sad because they gave up their life to pursue a better life in a country with little unemployment . 
  or get a 3 $ / h job . 
  well we lack some doctors in germany , so he could try to get his license here . 
   vladimir vladimirovich wo n't interfere in the actual work of the scholars and teachers . 
  let the professionals decide how this book should look , and whether it 's necessary to include the rule of the current president . ' well then they should put some of his `` nature shots '' in the book . 
  i like the oktoberfest beer the most . 
  sadly it 's quite expensive and only in the markets around september . 
  but you ca n't get any other m\u00e4rzen kind of beer in berlin . 
  stillstand we can believe in !, 
  he really put an efford into our campaign this year . 
  girls are better in school , so they are more likely to study in bigger cities and then stay there . 
  the men stay back and engage in jobs that are suited for the rural areas or stay at home and shave their hair off ... 
  hmm i think the central asian countries are too low . 
  maybe it 's because they count the alcohol that was sold and not the home destilled spirit ... 
  they do n't really have so mucht that makes them stand out . 
  and raising taxes for $ 60k + p.a. 
  even affects many potential voters ... 
  she pulled the bismarck, 
  and i always thought the saying goes : am deutschen wesen soll die welt genesen . 
  guess i was wrong . 
  you 've probably met the newer versions of mantaprolls . 
  or if you live in the mainz area or berlin , 
  we had this with obama , too . 
  considering we did this for swiss tax cd thiefs , this would be a good idea . 
  but he did n't brought us millions of $ in tax income yet . 
  so herr snowden for wahlkampfmanager ? 
  because of the word `` warplane '' in the title , i actually thought the french air force made a gunship version, 
  urg . . actually pet preserves it in the worst way , because a ) the plastic is not as dense as glass or alu and b ) the threadet cap is not as leak prove as the other options . 
  and for most people the `` feeling '' when drinking from pet is not as good . 
  but i like the `` fill your own container with beer '' idea !, 
  interesting . 
  i remember drinking beer for 80 ( euro ) c in a ( cheap ) bar while i was stuck between my trains in breclav, 
  wait , why is alcohol in czech republic 14 points more expensive than in germany ? 
  does the purchasing power or wages play a role in this statistic ? 
  because beer is somestimes as cheap in bars there as it is in germany in supermarkets . 
  i ca n't speak about other countries but in germany , the curriculum is mandated by the bundesland . 
  the ex of my friend from saarland never learned english in school , just french . 
  in berlin , many secundary schools offer french , spanish or russian as second language subject . 
  so if it 's only mandated to learn any foreign language , the school can chose which one ( depends on what teachers they can employ ), 
  i liked it . 
  berlin was very worse at this . 
  how can the us not have some bread with pumpkin seeds ? 
  the police brutality during the protests in the parks that had to be removed because of the stuttgart 21 train station was not that different . 
  one pensioner lost his sight because of a strong water cannon . 
  that 's why in the last election , the green party won their first landtagswahl . 
  and also , was n't the greek military digging up a big as trench at the turkish border ? 
  a good start . 
  this way their mindset dies out sooner . 
  a german `` satanist '' couple just made a baby to abuse it . 
  i think the father then smashed it with a hammer . 
  i still ca n't believe the articles about their trial . 
  how can someone so young be such a bigot ? 
  say that to the irish winners in 92,93 and 94 ... 
  they should show home alone more often than during christmas here on tv . 
  what ? 
  i guess i have to bring herrentag to the rest of the world . 
  at least he was not the only one with a massive hangover after ascension day .
