  m'le pen, 
  * byzantine, 
  zurich is also worth a visit too . 
  i use the same identical ones to put stuff, 
   trusting the newspaper informer in first place, 
  it 's better in polish imo . 
  english does n't fit too much, 
  very nice place . 
  i recommend to visit the botanical garden of padova which is also the world 's oldest botanical garden . 
  i have this pic in puzzles form !, 
  the correct explanation . 
  where do i even start ? 
  i 'm 20 and still living with parents and i do n't have a car , yet . 
  city of smederevo was mentioned first in 1019 and its fortress got built in 1480s . 
  it was also the capital of serbia in the past . 
  the fortress still stays even after it survived a big explosion in ww2 . 
  a good historical place to visit and for recreational activity like running , etc. 
  belgrade vs everyone . 
  on the bus sometimes but on taxis always . 
  very unpopular , never heard anyone practise it in my country , even on tv . 
  veeery much and people get obsessed with them . 
  i personally find fortune tellers and others a bullshit . 
  from my personal experience , verona , mantova , milano , trieste and padova are great places . 
  samsung , iphone ( previously models mostly , rarely the 6s ) , huawei and xiaomi . 
  seselj probably in satiric way . 
  [ ice-age mamooth body has been found 3km away from my home . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/jun/20/mammoth-field-serbia-kostolac-mine ), 
  brie , mozzarella and gorgonzola . 
  i do n't care about superbowl . 
  nato bombing of yugoslavia . 
  had to live all that shit . 
  some love him and some hate him . 
  a religion where you have to give money for `` things '' . 
  a fact , the creator of scientology was a drug abuser and a criminal . 
  also their gold base is weird as fuck . 
  i know only the beginning of it but not the rest . 
  italy for pizzas and some balkans for pljeskavica . 
  they 're both in the north european continent , so why not ? 
  i think we are more like in southeastern europe instead of just eastern . 
  we can also be friendly with neighbors too as long as their are n't dicks about it . 
  [ alright ] ( http://piattoforte.tiscali.it/fileadmin/_processed_/csm_crop_43_cevapciciimg7032_5333d77aff.jpg ), 
  every european nation has a different opinion of politics , culture , ideas , etc. 
  with all of their secret agencies doing who knows what , maybe . 
  because europe is the their fastest way to reach their infidels . 
  there are those who like it and those who do n't . 
  my colleague is supposed to earn 2300 $ but because of the taxes , he earns 1000 less because he has no children . 
  no , because it 's better to have a nation with less cultures or just only one , because a nation with too many cultures can get messy and things would not get along and ideas would get diverse . 
  not all cultures are the same . 
  [ this might help . 
  ] ( http://www.janinesmusicroom.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/iceberg.jpg ), 
  `` there 's still war there ? '', 
  same here . 
  lots of homeless are roma too . 
  serbian , english and italian . 
  not learning another because english is enough for me , i 'm not a big traveller . 
  we use svetlana name too . 
  what do you mean ? 
  it 's still going ok , it 's not ending , 
  we call santa claus `` deda mraz '' which literally means `` the frost granpa '' . 
  we celebrate it the same as everyone else , just twice . 
  the people are nice , but india as a country is a mess imo , because of bad hygiene , overpopulation problem , too much poverty and crime . 
  about the government , i heard that there 's corruption problem too . 
  those who live in belgrade and those who do n't . 
  literally food porn . 
  it 's pretty much unknown from where they are . 
  it 's believed that most of them are indian origin . 
  because majority of them are scamming , robbing people and do n't do any shit and pretend `` we are poor and innocent '' while they receive government money in some countries and then buy the most expensive mercedes and gold . 
  my house has been robbed by them twice and my hatred is becoming stronger towards them . 
  for the black people the thing is very different and they are not the same as them . 
  i know a few blacks of senegal which were my classmates and they are mostly gentle to people . 
  only the old people do it in my country . 
  i know some drunk friends who lived in verona and by mistake they went to trentino alto adige after returning from a disco ... 
  does the old guy even understand them ? 
  never been there , but i think that place is a mess . 
  [ because ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pq8y_wkrs3c ), 
  from my experience , switzerland , austria , slovenia and hungary . 
  depends where actually . 
  politicians and nationalism . 
  context ? 
  we are very religious . 
  everyone goes to church . 
  it 's also as a traditional thing, 
  we call the netherlands holandija ( which means holland literally ) and uk engleska ( england literally ), 
  they are gentle and nice people , but as a country it 's not so good even if it 's rich . 
  poor working conditions , unbreathable air because of smog , rude government , etc. 
  there might be a few in belgrade only . 
  civilization games probably . 
  it does n't require too be hurry too much like many fps games . 
  i do also play global offensive . 
  but there is un and nato ... 
  girlfriend : devojka . 
  romania is 80 km from my city , but i never visited it . 
  the annoying ( not offensive ) thing is that , we get romanian tv channels in better quality than ours , for some reason , even the radio fm channels . 
  why u did this romania :( ( ( ( (, 
  maybe in satirical way , but in reality we do n't . 
  we just do n't care who is of other religion . 
  the remove kebab meme is just a meme and many people do n't even know that song or ever watched the video . 
  i 'm currently not interested in the countries where a political shitstorm is currently happening . 
  i.e eastern ukraine , turkey , kosovo , etc. . 
  not much , but there are people who can speak it .
