italy , whatsapp and facebook messenger are very popular . 
  also viber is popular too , but not as whatsapp . 
  have you found strelok yet ? 
  germany : global offensive, 
  polish or russian sometimes . 
  well at least i drew a line around kosovo :p, 
  they will still find a way with proxy or something, 
   tfw no popcorn left anymore to watch this thread, 
  i knjow righjt, 
   not zastava, 
  if i remove the mask will you die ? 
   implying that we will ever join eu, 
  ... but why ? 
  more like an ea game . 
  if you want work , you must buy work dlc , otherwise no work . 
   hurr durr serbia here serbia there there were innocent people during that time who did n't care about the politics and still got bombed and died for nothing including the children who died for nothing . 
  also the chinese embassy that got wiped out . 
  explain your hatred for calling it a shitthread then . 
  it 's built probably by the gypsies who live abroad and return to their fancy houses in holidays i think . 
   calls other countries nazi  wants death penalty back, 
  fuck , such a shitty thing to do ... 
  shadowbanned probably, 
  yeah . 
  people are costantly thinking of the 90 's which is a reason that stops peace in balkans . 
  it 's 2017 now and need to think for the future and not about past . 
  i thought it was a 3d rendering at first, 
  people do n't go just for beaches when they tourist in balkans . 
  we 've got rivers , mountains and nice cities instead . 
  where ? 
  on de_inferno ? 
  a e s t h e t i c, 
   pocketknife , tea drinking , bankrupt and pizza nazis . 
  kek 'd, 
  happens also to [ us ] ( http://images3.kurir.rs/slika-724x489/led-dunav-novi-sad-foto-tanjug-jaroslav-pap-1483975460-1076069.jpg ) but only in december and january . 
  you can walk on it . 
  fun until it cracks . 
  we like to open many shops , restaurants and bakeries for some reason in diaspora . 
  i used to work in a serbian bakery in italy and lots of people come to buy bread , snacks , meat and burek every day . 
  it was pretty successful and still is . 
  i also thought of civilization 5 when reading the news about this . 
  and eagles, 
  how is it spamming ? 
  yeah , it 's like some movie scene where this guy is a big villain, 
  they do n't solve their country related problems for themselves but instead they create problems for others . 
  how ludicrous . 
  but how 's the turkey called in peru then ? 
  when your nation is a monarchy , making fun of the king or the queen sometimes can lead you to serious fines in some monarchy countries . 
  it was crashing 3 hours ago to me, 
  monty python and blackadder . 
  football fans can be normal , but the bad football fans are called the hooligans . 
  i 'm really sorry for this guy . 
  our hooligans are the worst shitheads to ever exist , ruining our country just for their stupidities . 
  good in counter-strike : global offensive, 
   everyone is european i do n't think that a very correct thing, 
   roma communities are starting to fight back . 
  by robbing even more people ? 
  [ relevant , north korean soldier in comparison to south korean and american soldier ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ahsaynh.png ), 
  ah yes one of those threads again ... 
  kawaii, 
  same is in serbian . 
  if you translate the cyrillic serbian into latin serbian , it will translate the same as other two ... 
  very . 
  we do that too . 
  opponents jump on the water and race who 's gon na get the cross first . 
   cordon sanitaire what ? 
  yeah , i know , but apart from that , it looks nice . 
  such a beautiful architecture and nice building colors . 
  ah i get it now, 
  future brothers ? 
   gypsies # 2 not really . 
  facebook in 2010 was the best , now it 's a trash . 
  it 's considered to be a weird person if you do n't have or do n't use facebook in some parts . 
  every country now wants to make fake news illegal . 
  that 's a good thing . 
   fanatics ok then, 
  +50 experience for the next level . 
  me too . 
  the only person i 've seen having a gun is my dad which was working as a cop , but i never seen someone other that working as a cop . 
  maybe the villages where are situated inside forests where guns are used for hunting are more used . 
  it 's a political shitstorm . 
  i agree . 
  being honest , charlie hebdo is an asshole magazine . 
  i know that it 's satirical , but that went a bit far . 
  [ chetniks at least saved people , while you did n't . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_halyard ), 
   tfw no friends so you have to build snowman, 
  not really i think . 
  yep , i think it 's like that , not sure why you 're downvoted . 
  haters gon na hate and shitposters like you , always and again . 
  we are more neutral than allies to russia and also about the `` genocide '' , it happened 21 years ago , why do we still care about it ? 
  ^ ^ ^ * grabbing ^ ^ ^ my ^ ^ ^ popcorn, 
  the terrorist must have been silvers, 
  ukraine to ... africa ? 
  but still better than weapons ... 
  what did they expect ? 
  they do n't know the language and the diploma of their schools which it would be invalid even if they had it because it 's outside eu . 
  but , why ? 
  neutral good is my favorite one , i ate it once . 
  the thumbnail looks like that candy ... 
  [ familiar ... ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/fa/5c/85/fa5c85564eecce7f5740ce5d7b8220f5.jpg ),
