yeah , especially when they start hanging out in seedy italian restaurants . 
  some day , people are going to figure out that it 's about the noun , not the adjective ; i.e. 
  it 's the `` extremist '' or the `` militant '' or the `` fundamentalist '' , not the `` right-wing '' , `` left-wing '' , the `` muslim '' , the `` christian '' , or the `` pastafarian '' . 
  yeah , the state of affairs is really making me want to have kids , so they can curse my generation for screwing things up so badly . 
  that was a wonderfully fitting analogy , thank you . 
  the dialogue has been intentionally manipulated , at every opportunity , for a very long time , to make entirely certain that the kind of `` right to skepticism '' you 're talking about is suppressed . 
  there can be no other explanation for the fact that right wing extremist speech is illegal , but left wing extremist speech is considered acceptable - when both ideologies murdered millions of people . 
  yeah ... only good things happen when government tells you what to do with your private property . 
  nice job , guys . 
  keep it up . 
  is this the part where we arm both sides and take bets ? 
  ... again . 
  accurate . 
  we should send them to judo instead . 
  well , to be fair , people kept being told that they would * not * have to defer sovereignty to the european union except on a limited number of issues . 
  i do n't think anyone ever thought about the management of refugees being one of those issues . 
  and that , frankly , is just a bridge too far for a lot of people - myself included . 
  it 's probably not appropriate , but your post made me lol so hard . 
  there 's so much truth in it . 
  i 'm sorry , but , no ; the spread of english as a global lingua franca did n't happen until after ww2 . 
  even as late as the 1950s , french was still the lingua franca in a lot of places . 
  the global dominance was then cemented by american popular culture exports and business . 
  britain is historically significant , and was militarily awesome , but its power always rested more on its impressive sea-going prowess than its cultural assimilation - which was often rejected as soon as soon as independence came . 
  conversely , peoples are adopted american cultural influence willingly . 
  not comparable . 
  not that it excuses it , but , it needs to be noted , in vw 's defense of their thought process , that the way the us measures emissions on diesel engines is , at best , counter-productive , and at worst , intentionally designed to prevent market penetration of small consumer diesels ( which is a weak sector for the us automotive industry ) . 
  specifically , the epa measure emissions by volume of fuel burned - not by distance traveled . 
  this puts diesels at a severe disadvantage because , by volume , they release significantly more greenhouse gas . 
  however , by distance traveled , modern diesels are much cleaner than their gasoline counterparts . 
  firstly , iran is not arab ; they are persians , and culturally distinct from arabs . 
  secondly , you 're still ignoring my point . 
  i 'm not saying integration is n't possible ; i 'm saying its going to be an extremely long , and painful process - one that i am not sure we 're obligated to undertake , when there are other options . 
  but , we 're never going to get to that point in the discussion , because you obviously have strong preconceptions of how you want the narrative of this conversation to go , which is a shame , but it is what it is . 
  i hope you have a good day anyway , and thanks for talking . 
  no one is saying that muslims ca n't be secular , or that there are no religious fundamentalist christians . 
  i do n't know where that came from . 
  additionally , no one is saying that full integration is n't possible within several generations . 
  on the topic of moving goal posts , you 're still ignoring the fact that culture matters . 
  the majority of muslims in germany are from turkey and the balkans , which are much more secular societies than any of the arab nations . 
  that means the goal post is already moved from the get-go . 
  there is no pre-emptive evidence to suggest that the successful integration rate of first generation immigrants from those more conservative countries is going to be anywhere near as high . 
  to the contrary , related statistics from other european countries , which have a high percentage of immigrants from those cultures , tends to suggest exactly the opposite . 
  there are also other factors involved which completely skew the math , like the fact that they 're from a war zone , which brings some other sum of incalculable socio-political impact . 
  to repeat the basic assertions more bluntly , a majority of these immigrants are from societies in which misogyny , homophobia , and adherence to islam are mainstream ideas , and are regularly enforced by pain of death and torture . 
  turkey has n't executed anyone since 1984 . 
  the comparison between the two is completely invalid . 
  germany is much more secular than turkey , and turkey is certainly much more secular than the majority of arab societies in the middle east . 
  you ca n't possibly be trying to convince anyone that the majority of muslims globally would be ok with gay marriage , can you ? 
  that notion is so far removed from reality , its not even worth talking about . 
  pfsh . 
  like facts matter . 
  i am half austrian , half german . 
  i am 100 % in favor of this . 
  there are two problems with it , however : 1 ) if you send large , german-speaking men to the border to keep out brown people , you 're gon na get called a nazi before you even get there . 
  there 'll be articles in the new york times / spiegel / or some similarly dickless newspaper about how evil you are , and celebrities will come on tv talking about what a meanie you 've turned into . 
  queue staged photos of german borderguards brutalizing brown children . 
  2 ) the french and the british give fewer fucks about the land border because they are further away . 
  you may be able to convince them about the seas . 
  that accounts for the vast majority of the manpower in the european union . 
  meanwhile , italia and greece are completely overwhelmed , eastern europe is getting overrun , spain and portugal are probably quietly panicing , and the economically advanced smaller powers like holland , denmark , et cetera , are wondering wtf we are doing . 
   those in brussels are extremely on the left , and lost touch with reality . 
  those in brussels are ~ ~ extremely on the left ~ ~ morons , liars , thieves , autocrats , and ~ ~ lost touch with reality ~ ~ are our own damned fault . 
  fixed it for you . 
  rest assured that some of us are n't complete fools . 
  my response would have looked something like this : http://www.zastavki.com/pictures/originals/2013/archive___weapons_austrian_tank_leopard_2_042445_.jpg, 
  witty, 
  the difference is that the holocaust ended seventy years ago . 
  drone stikes are happening all year . 
  its pop culture , not revisiting some by-gone era . 
  if it were a confederate flag or some slave symbolism , i 'd be on board with your argument . 
  because its good-natured fun , and that kind of reference would make it extremely hostile and antagonizing . 
  so , of course , it would make sense that that is where we decided to put the de facto capital of our arguably still-born union . 
  this . 
  i 'll call it one further and say that it is n't just unstable - but that failure of this structure is inevitable and will only get more painful the longer its superglued . 
  we should help them all as much as we can - in syria . 
  we should n't enable or reward opportunistic economic migration , and good people fleeing a bad political climate ultimately does more harm than good . 
  thars aside from the fact that the social security state is n't physically capable of supporting the numbers , and income potential , that are proving to be the reality . 
  well , more relevantly i would argue , germany is not a classic melting pot , and the refugees will not leave their socio-political culture behind , either . 
  a culture of misogyny , nepotism , and homophobia ; all things that we do n't need any more of . 
  oh , yes , that 's nice . 
  i can see these folks are definitely looking for `` safety '' , and `` asylum '' . 
  i , too , cross half a continent full of perfectly safe places to then show up and rape a bunch of innocent women because i 'm feeling threatened . 
  makes perfect fucking sense . 
  a combined european armed force of some type is fundamentally not a bad idea . 
  however , the naive dimwits in brussels would probably just have it march around in circles and recite the un convention on human rights over and over , and constantly complain about its training budget . 
  so , let me get this correct ; the eastern europeans are thieves and taking good , western european jobs - but * they 're * the racists ? 
  i 'll take the thieves , then ; have n't seen too many czech suicide bombers in my life . 
  no shit . 
  i am so envious of the fact that your government has n't yet lost its god damned mind . 
  yeah , turkey is a sure win for eu membership next time around . 
  exactly this . 
  we , as well , have a choice not to visit their , just as they have a choice not to visit here . 
  it 's perfectly fair . 
  when in rome , do as the romans do . 
  * headdesks *, 
  not to put too fine a point on it , but , in the middle east , the ideas that homosexuality is evil , and that women are fundamentally subjugated to men , are * not * extremist beliefs . 
  they are mainstream . 
  so , i 'm not sure how you 're proposing to filter for that . 
  i agree . 
  i do not want to see a repeat of us again laying good men and women into graves because we had to fight our 37,000 th war about intolerance .
