  at the end of the day , culture matters . 
  i do n't see how we 're necessarily expecting people who do n't practice equality and egalitarianism at home , to suddenly start practicing it in europe . 
  its a fantasy . 
  that being said , i think we should do everything we reasonably can to help them get rid of the bigger assholes in their own country , if they wish it . 
  ah yes , here 's an object lesson . 
  if things are shit in your country , one possible way to solve this is to ... change it . 
  yeah , but , you 're implying that they 're realizing it in a `` oh crap , we better fix this '' sort of way . 
  i think a lot of them are realizing it in an `` oh . 
  god . 
  what have we done ? 
  abort !, 
  abort !, 
  abort ! '', 
  sort of way . 
  not to sound too abrasive , but have you been paying attention at all ? 
  yes , that is absolutely , positively , 100 % what he wants . 
  * tries for ww3 *, 
  media appears to sometimes be deeply confused about the meaning of the word `` must '' . 
  dear god , what did i start ? 
  everything is relative . 
  i still think this is the most beautiful piece of music ever written . 
  we 've got nazis over here !, 
  nazis everywhere !, 
  everything 's a nazi !, 
  you get a nazi , and you , and you , and you , and you . . !, 
  as if we do n't hear enough of this shit already . 
  ... can we please all put our border controls back into place now ? 
  i do n't want to give an assertion to that , because with the word `` fault '' , the issue becomes to complicated . 
  there 's a bunch of factors here . 
  groups tend to act in their own best interest when possible , so its silly to expect something else . 
  in that view , this is kind of a fault-less scenario because its really pretty natural . 
  this is also kind of a case of caveat emptor writ large , and generally , people in a representative democracy have a civic duty to try to be well-informed about the decisions they make with their votes . 
  in that respect , depending on whether or not you believe the actor to be a genuinely representative democracy , the fault is entirely with that party . 
  so , in short ; its just too complicated - but the current result was always pretty obvious . 
  a country like greece , for example , ca n't in a million years hold pace with a country like germany if the monetary policy is in germany 's favor . 
  just impossible . 
  anyone who thought otherwise was either a fool , or blinded by a promised land . 
  i realize that sounds harsh , but its the truth . 
   actually they are worse , because they ca n't even be good to their own countries . 
  at least merkel is fucking europe in favor of germany therein being the rub . 
  why ? 
  because , technically , that 's her job . 
  she is a representative of the people of the federal republic of germany . 
  she is not a representative of the people of the european union - and that is n't likely to change anytime soon . 
   and now we have two options , either we find a solution together or we split . 
  in light of the previous , the answer there is pretty obvious : split . 
  i have a strange craving for peaches now . 
  you really got screwed a lot earlier , by others . 
  a pro-europe germany was the de facto price of german unification vis -- \u00e0 -- vis the allies , and with both france and germany putting their weight behind it , there really was n't any chance of stopping it . 
  you did however self-screw by entertaining the fantasy that a countries with completely different monetary policies could co-exist in the same currency union without somebody getting shafted hard . 
  that was a complete fantasy . 
  in our current course , we are also failing to pay respect to the millions upon millions that have fallen along the way to get us to where we are today . 
  so basically , everyone that matters , and some others on top of that . 
  if christians in europe start burning witches again , they can piss off , too . 
  good . 
  more please . 
  this made my day . 
  a trading/tariff block , an optional common currency ( at least for intra-block trade ) , and a rock-solid , irrevocably cemented common defense alliance , please . 
  and a side of pommes frites . 
  but the idea of culturally and politically integrating europe , especially , eventually , to a highly centralized federalized government , is complete madness . 
  government governs at the consent of the governed . 
  a constitution is n't worth the paper its written on if the people stop cooperating . 
  hence , a minority will only stay protected as long as the majority agrees with that idea . 
  that 's precisely the danger here ; a long-term cultural influence that redefines our norms of right and wrong . 
  pretty much exactly this . 
  the second the budapest memorandum went out the window , so did any good will towards russia . 
  mind you , a fair number of people thought that was inevitable , anyway . 
  its like watching someone getting run over by a steamroller ... going three kilometers an hour . 
  i 'm not a violent person . 
  ... i would murder . 
  in the sort of way you read about in horror novels . 
  be careful , that sort of thing is n't a popular idea among most people under 35 , and they get loud , and yell , and throw temper tantrums if you disagree . 
  i 'm not a fan of assad ; i think he 's a murdering sociopath . 
  however , i am starting to get the impression that the moderate , secular majority the west is desperately looking to for governance in syria , does n't actually exist . 
  i 'm pretty sure the majority are either religious totalitarian jerks , or secular totalitarian jerks . 
  point is , assad might be as good as it gets . 
  especially if the alternative is the islamic state . 
  no shit . 
  is this a joke ? 
  i really ca n't tell . 
  well , its not really going to take a refit . 
  it 'll take about 10 mins per car to reprogram the ecu - but the owners are going to have a word or three with vw in court about the drop in fuel efficiency that will result from this . 
  i think its very important that this entire thing goes over friction-less , and is mutually beneficial to everyone involved . 
  if we 're going to realize the idea of a pan-european security umbrella , its blindingly obvious that everyone learns to work together well , and that we ease some of the disquiet from shadows of past generations . 
  i only used armor as an example . 
  i obviously meant we should have been sending all the things . 
  leopard 2 mbts should have been rolling off the assembly line , and directly on to trains headed for ukrainian military depots , the second the russians violated the budapest memorandum . 
  its only going to get worse from here . 
  you ca n't answer egomaniacal power grabs with waffling . 
  germany has surrendered all claims to that territory in treaty documents . 
  if even it were remotely thinkable ... have n't even finished un-screwing fifty years of communist bullshit in east germany . 
  no reason to take on another science project !, 
  i do n't think that would have been a popular decision . 
  symbols of communist oppression are really just as bad as symbols of fascist oppression . 
  there have been three national anthems of germany , one unofficial . 
  the first was the anthem of prussia ( `` heil dir im siegerkranz '' ) , but it was unpopular , so `` die watch am rhein '' was usually used popularly . 
  there is a strong argument for retaining the deutschlandlied as the national anthem , since it was the anthem of the weimar republic . 
  the federal republic sees itself as the successor to both the weimar republic and the 3rd german empire , so it makes sense to continue it . 
  the current anthem is only the third stanza of the deutschlandlied , since first two are , arguably , un-redeemably tainted by their association with the nazi party . 
  nyc is a terrible example of a city without cars .
