anything warmer and you 'll dehydrate from sweating, 
  my house was bombed and caught on fire , i had my hands burned trying to save my family . 
  accepted !, 
  i somehow doubt a terrorist organisation will have much problems with just taking someone 's hand instead . . 
  for a new identity ? 
  changing your name here costs $ 1000 , i think for a potential terrorist , backed by a rich organisation such as isis or al qaeda 850 is peanuts, 
  news article from rtl , one our the most trusted news agencies here www.rtlnieuws.nl/nieuws/binnenland/journalist-koopt-syrisch-paspoort-voor-mark-rutte ( run it trough google translate if you ca n't read dutch , i had a google translate link here first but that somehow got 404 'd ), 
  no its not , a journalist here in the netherlands had one made for 825 dollars wth a picture of our prime minister ( mark rutte ) and he was named malek ramadan www.bd.nl/polopoly_fs/1.5245515.1442393682!/image/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/landscape_800_600/image-5245515.jpg, 
  i think they 'll become economic refugees fleeing to europe ... edit : since his comment was removed , it said something along the line of `` they lived in tents in the desert , then oil money brought wealth , what would happen when there was no more oil ? 
  they 'll live in tents in the desert again '', 
  netherlands is accepting 700 refugees daily now , they use almost every empty ( public ) building they can find , sport halls , empty schools , warehouses , old police academy schools , waterplay bungalow parks , even high grade massive tent camps which are usually used by yearly town parties and still they need more . 
  we simply do n't have enough buildings to keep them in , yet every day 700 to 1000 people more come . 
  government is almost panicking , and just like germany says it 's really close to closing the border too . 
  so i think belgium and luxembourg has to prepare for a surprise ... 
  no its in sweden , even though they barely have any grass right, 
  it 's like tennis !, 
  they 'll do everything for views , because more views is more advertising money . 
  if they can get by boat over the mediterranean sea , i do n't a river will be a problem, 
  so far these migrants could n't care less about any border , let alone schengen , unless there was a big fence to stop them, 
  well germany showed it can reverse policy in less then 2 weeks , from everyone is welcome to suddenly closing the eastern border, 
  i rather have a city filled with eastern europeans then a city full of immigrants from africa and middle east . 
  why ? 
  because the former ones actually work hard and try to make a living , and you can actually have fucking great party 's with these guys and their woman are smoking hot ( till about age 35 ) . 
  i 'm in croatia now for vacation near novalja ( zrce beach ! ), 
  and there 's a rather large amount of them here . 
  best time ever even if we barely understand each other , 
  ah yeah early parole , we have that in the netherlands as well . 
  always so much fun when someone locked up for raping a child , gets an early parole , surprisingly escapes his guards and then rapes or even kills another child , then the politics are like omg that should have never happened , while every normal sane person would rather shoot said politicians for beeing almost too stupid to breathe, 
   if they 're placed in poland & decide to come to the uk they wo n't get any benefits at all either & wo n't be able to work legally . 
  they 're better off staying in poland under those conditions no ? 
  of course the situation is different once they get citizenship but that takes quite a while ( 5-10 years ) . 
  refugees wo n't get citizenship unless there will be a general pardon ... 
   if they 're placed in poland & decide to come to the uk they wo n't get any benefits at all either & wo n't be able to work legally . 
  they 're better off staying in poland under those conditions no ? 
  of course the situation is different once they get citizenship but that takes quite a while ( 5-10 years ) . 
  refugees wo n't get citizenship unless there will be a general pardon ... 
  declare youself dead in the us  ? 
  there 's always work . 
  pick up trash , clean the streets , maintain the city green , clean graffiti off walls , work in a greenhouse ( which is mostly done by eastern europeans already here ) . 
  just basic tasks that nobody else wants to do but has to be done . 
  some deep eu4 shit right here, 
  oh no not at all , i 'm extremely grateful for what they did . 
  a lot of families here still have tight bonds with the families of soldiers who liberated us , 
  where ever you go please take me with you, 
  i do n't know about you but in ww2 when my country was invaded by germany almost nobody ran . 
  there were executions as well if you did something the germans did n't liked you would get shot or deported to work camps , where you 'd probably die from exhaustion , illness or lack of food if they did n't shoot you for fun . 
  a lot of people joined the underground resistance to sabotage the germans and help the allies when they came to set us free . 
  when i look at the images of these refugees i mostly see young men . 
  the un publicated a report which shows that less then 25 % of these refugees are woman or children . 
  the rest is men , most of which perfectly able to defend their country against isis or fight in the rebel army or the government army . 
  my great grandmother only passed away recently at age 105 and she calls these men cowards , for not defending their homes and family and business but just running away leaving their country in a big mess with nobody to rebuild it . 
  also no , this is not a world problem . 
  this is a middle east problem , and we 're already doing them a huge favor by bombing the shit out of isis , risking our pilots lives . 
  you saw the video of the lebanese pilot who crashed but survived , to be captured by isis , put in a cage and then burned alive ? 
  do you want that to happen to your country 's pilots ? 
  ( if they are sending any planes at all ) only if the middle east ca n't handle the situation anymore , the rest of the world should jump in . 
  and the rest of the world does n't mean just a few countries in europe where they demand to be transported to and taken care of . 
  it 's utter bullshit that as a refugee you can demand in which country you want to stay , because it offers better service . 
  service should be absolute basic : shelter , a bed and 3x a day a proper meal and basic healthcare . 
  every country should offer exactly the same , no special benefits . 
  force it by eu law if necessary . 
  once it 's safe , they must return immediately . 
  we took care of you when somewhere else was n't possible , for free . 
  every refugee costs my country 26.000 euro each year , and every week 1800 come in . 
  meanwhile our elderly who are in service buildings and have for example bladder problems have to wear the same diaper for an entire day as there is n't enough personell and health care money to change them more often . 
  meanwhile for every refugee that is granted asylum the municipality it was assigned to had to find him or her a house to live in within 1 year , while i have to wait 6 years in our municipality for a tiny social rent apartment to become available . 
  and they still complain about literally everything . 
  as another user said , they 're a bunch of ungrateful people ... 
  it 's like this in the netherlands , as soon as they are accepted as refugees the municipality they were assigned to has to grant them a house within a year . 
  if this turns out to be a luxurious apartment , then so be it . 
  a slap in the face ? 
  more like it shows how greedy these people are . 
  they went trough half of europe where every country they passed through is in peace , yet they want to go to england , sweden , germany ect because they get luxury and the most of it for free there . 
  what is wrong with greece , hungary , romania , croatia , serbia , poland ect ect ?? 
  oh , no luxury house , no luxury food , no free money ? 
  these people stopped beeing refugees as soon as they got out of the war their country is in , and become economic treasure hunters as they went on . 
  in saudi arabia , there is a permanent tent camp close to mekka for the people visiting for the hadj , it can hold 2 million people , but now it 's completely empty . 
  every tent has airconditioning ( !!!!, 
  ) , there are shops , medical facilities and everything else one needs to just live there , yet they refuse to accept any refugees at all . 
  europe should close it 's borders completely for refugees . 
  send them back to the middle east and let them fix their shit themselves instead of having europe fix their problem , because that 's what it is . 
  it 's their problem , not ours !, 
  is it our problem they are making a huge mess of their country ? 
  russia currently has troops active in ukraine and quite frankly the entire eu could n't care less , oh they put some economic sanctions on russia , yeah that 's going to help . 
  isis is fighting syria , why should we help their refugees when there 's done nothing for ukraine, 
  why should that be our problem . 
  policy should be clear : no id , no asylum !, 
  why not go to the gulf states instead . 
  much closer , same religion , also arabians , same culture . 
  oh that 's why , because they refuse to take any in and then point the finger at us when we 're complaining we ca n't handle this refugee tsunami, 
  apparently sweden ranks # 2 in the world in rapes . 
  only a small south african nation has even more rapes . 
  study showed that 80 % of these rapes in sweden were done by muslim male immigrants , while they only account for 2 % of sweden population . 
  i 'd say your country 's problem with immigrants is bad enough to stop taking in any more ... 
  no it wo n't , it only needs to be handled properly . 
  every year hundreds , maybe thousands of people died in the sea between indonesia and australia , also refugees trying to reach australia . 
  since australia started towing the boats back to indonesia within a year it stopped almost completely , no more people dieing there . 
  the solution is that easy , tow them back and it will stop . 
  found it !, 
  it was in belgium that 's why i could n't find it .
