is it really that obscure ? 
  i 'm pretty sure most people that know anything about germany also know about the fall of the berlin wall . 
  london . 
  anywhere but london . 
  noorderlicht in amsterdam is pretty cool . 
  before i went to uni , pretty much anyone that was either some form of ethnic british or a distinct dialect ( yorkshire , geordie , scouse , etc. ), 
  where i 'm from is in the middle of nowhere with hardly any immigrants or people from other parts of the uk . 
  and where you 're coming from . 
  i doubt a czech person travelling to slovakia has as much to think about as a swedish person travelling to bulgaria . 
  when i was in latvia i visited the museum of occupation in riga - would definitely recommend checking that out if anyone is that way . 
  well if you want to look at it that way , morality is n't objective , so neither of us can show anything to prove that our point of view is correct . 
  i 'm just using that quote because it sums up my opinion better than i could if i tried to write it out myself . 
  not at all - i 'm just attributing the quote to him . 
  it just so happens that i agree with him on this matter . 
  assuming this is n't bait - ` gypsies ' are a derogatory term for ` travellers ' . 
  they 're usually disliked here because they turn up out of nowhere on private property without permission , make a mess after they have lived there for a bit , and then leave again . 
  their kids also do n't tend to fit in/get on well in school and , assuming they even go , tend to cause problems in classes . 
  i have seen the problems that they can cause however i am mostly neutral towards travellers - it 's not as if all of them are naturally disgusting people . 
  it 's just a lifestyle choice that i do n't really think is compatible with the way our society works nowadays . 
   to take a life when a life has been lost is revenge , not justice - desmond tutu, 
  i go to supermarkets late at night and fish out all the reduced stuff and throw it in the freezer at home . 
  whoever says swedish food is bad obviously has n't eaten ahlgrens bilar . 
  because it 's immoral . 
  but i feel like that 's an obvious answer , so let 's pretend that morality does n't exist , for the sake of my answer . 
  it 's not a deterrent . 
  if the dealth penalty proved to work as an effective deterrent ( notwithstanding morality ) then i would maybe be in favour of it . 
  but even with the death penalty , people still commit crime . . so what is the point ? 
  it 's also quite expensive , along with life sentences . 
  personally i think it 's better to reform criminals anyway . 
  it benefits everyone if you can reintroduce a criminal into ` normal ' society who can start working again . 
  rich . 
  lots of mountains . 
  chocolate . 
  not a city , but i really like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drfsxlchrwc ) german song about the netherlands . 
  blows my mind that there 's a yarmouth in canada . 
  who the hell turns up to this amazing new continent and thinks , `` i know . . 
  i 'll name it after great yarmouth ! '', 
  yarmouth being called so , as it 's at the mouth of the river yare . 
  anything is better than whatever is going on with the weather right now . 
  probably germany , the netherlands or luxembourg because i either speak or am in the process of learning the languages . 
  i also really love finland and latvia so i would n't mind living in either of those countries too . 
  i prefer the first album to the newer one . 
  never meant will always be a jam !, 
  rothenburg ob der tauber is truly incredible , pictures really do n't do the place justice in my opinion . 
  christ , that is one p\u00fcssi i really would not like to enter !, 
  joking aside , i did n't think somewhere in europe could look so depressing ... 
  utrecht , netherlands all of those cities are criminally underrated , very studenty , pretty chill and beautiful cities . 
  helsinki comes out top because it 's the biggest and there is just something about finland that i love and i ca n't put my finger on it . 
  i have friends in the city too . 
  riga comes second purely because it 's a bit more interesting and a bit more cheaper than utrecht . 
  i have actually visited all 3 cities before ( i 've visited utrecht twice now ) , and will be living in utrecht for 6 months next year doing a work placement abroad !, 
  i assumed there was quite a lot because i am from an area of the uk that is essentially 100 % white british with barely any immigrants ( but everyone is scared of and hates immigrants because they take all the jobs ... even though there is hardly any immigrants , go figure ) yet there is a sizeable albanian population that work on the farms here . 
  there will be soon . 
  oh boy , i hope that no dutch or belgian redditors see that comment ... 
  it does n't offend me per se , but it annoys me that someone who is n't from my country would want to tell me about the irish famine/british raj partitioning/going into iraq in the early 2000s as if i never knew those things happened ... of course i know they happened and i obviously agree they were bad things , no need to be so condecending !, 
  not so much for the rest of europe , but i feel like manchester ( uk ) is really shaping up to be a good place to live if it is n't already . 
  we are superior because we do n't flood / r/askanamerican with questions about why america is n't as good as us . 
  i 'm learning dutch at university and we 're told to write ij like \u00ff ... do people not really do this ? 
  you could have just linked to this amazing kids [ song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pflzqu0ggmy ) . 
  absoultely no idea what 's going on or what 's being said but i listen to it all the time !, 
  no , captain chunk !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88hfeqjacte ) ~ ~, 
  he 's not created by someone from my region ( although he was created by another brit ) , but [ alan partridge ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alan_partridge ) is supposed to be from my region . 
  it 's very rare to have a fictional character based in/around norwich and norfolk . 
  you might get a better response on / r/askuk . 
  to save you the hassle of cross-posting though , we do n't care . 
  science , technology , engineering , maths, 
  german and dutch ( and i did modules in russian last semester too ) . 
  i 'm picking up a third language next year which will most likely be luxembourgish . 
  could be worse , i know . 
  languages are one of the better non-stem degrees in my opinion , especially in the uk . 
  nobody speaks foreign languages here !, 
  people stop doing them at 14 befoer their gcses . . let alone do three at degree level . 
  i moved out in september and i 've been back home for a total of 6 days since then , and that was only for christmas really . 
  i get on better with my family when i do n't live with them so it 's better for everyone really . 
  sounds kind of sad , i know , but it 's a good thing . 
  drink in my room alone or go out to a shit club or beat myself up for getting into endless debt for doing a non-stem degree or browse reddit . 
  i love being a student . 
  out of cities i 've visited , riga ( latvia ) , utrecht ( netherlands ) and ljubljana ( slovenia ) are all pretty underrated . 
  sheffield , uk . 
  there 's a tram network which is pretty good , does n't go into my part of the city which is a bit annoying though so by the time i get to the closest tram stop to then get into the centre , i may as well just walk the rest of the distance . 
  i 've used the tram to get to other parts of the city that are far away though ( meadowhall/hillsborough/icearena ) and i 'm satisfied . 
  busses are great too - # 1 for a single anywhere in the city district ( a pretty big area ! ), 
  with my student card , excellent to get into the peak district for so cheap !, 
  train network across the whole country for sheffield is great as its quite central . 
  ca n't say the same for my hometown - a small village about 45 mins north-east of norwich ), 
   cos empire cgpgrey is that you ? 
  i definitely do . 
  i did n't trust our government much before but i certainly could n't trust them any less after following through with triggering article 50 . 
  that seems a bit strange to me ... how come portugal has so many ukrainians ? 
  i 've only ever been to tunisia , that 's it . 
  i 've been to 18 other european countries though . 
  i just came back from a hitchhiking journey through europe , and my last three lifts ( from bialystok , poland -  riga , latvia ) were all native russian speakers/ethnic russians , and they were by far the most hospitable people i have met in my life . 
  i speak very minimal russian and the people i was with speak no russian at all , like not even `` hello '' , yet the people that gave us lifts went out of their way to help us out and try and communicate with us and feel comfortable . 
  one of the lifts spoke good enough english to have a conversation but we did n't talk about politics or anything . 
  they all just seemed like normal people who wanted to get on with their lives . 
  based on my experience , i like russians . 
  if you 're only going to a couple of places , and one of them is in the uk ( meaning you 'd have to get the eurostar ) then i probably would n't recommend it as it would be cheaper to buy all your connections seperately , whether that 's using trains or not . 
  i have been interrailing before though and it 's brilliant . 
  you might want to try asking in / r/interrail .
