  yep , sheffield . 
  other unis may have done it too though , i have no idea . 
  we have a load installed in my university 's student 's union because a few years ago ( before i was a student ) there was a referendum on the sale of bottled water in which students voted they wanted to ban the sale of it and then in turn water fountains were installed so people could have free water . 
  ** edit : ** info about it [ here ] ( https://su.sheffield.ac.uk/get-involved/sustainability/drink-sheffield-water ) if anyone is interested . 
  looks like it 's been through two referendums and there 's another one coming up next year which i 'll be able to vote on . 
  i would probably include caroline lucas and douglas carswell too despite not being leaders , although they are still notable for being the only people in their respective parties to hold a seat in parliament . 
  where ? 
  finland . 
  why ? 
  lonkero . 
  i 'm 19 and from the uk , on the east coast of england and currently at uni in the north of england . 
  i 've never been to scotland or northern ireland and have only been to wales once for about 30 minutes . 
  been to france and spain plenty of times with family , also been to germany a couple of times . 
  the following countries i have only visited once : finland , sweden , norway , denmark , czech republic , slovakia , hungary , slovenia , austria , italy , the netherlands , belgium . 
  also visited gibraltar . 
  probably loved finland the most and i really like germany , the netherlands and hungary too . 
  not so keen on france , italy and the czech republic but nowhere i 've been is truly awful ( except lille in france ... . . ), 
  the general consensus about scandinavian ( northern germanic ) languages , with the exception of icelandic and faroese , is that they are fairly easy to learn - especially for english speakers . 
  finnish is n't even an indo-european language and is rediculously hard to learn . 
  i was only thinking within the eu to be honest . 
  i am 20 next month and i do n't know anyone personally who is actively religious , regardless of religion , except for one guy . 
  he 's my flatmate at uni and goes to church every weekend . 
  cool guy and very progressive , the way he is to me he may as well be atheist ( it 's the way he comes across ) , although i 'm fairly sure he 's dedicated to his faith . 
  i agree with the ( current ) top current about people not caring about religion . 
  the term is ` apatheism ' , and without wanting to sound like a special snowflake on tumblr , i 'd probably identify as an apatheist . 
  i only know hollande . 
  if you include other leaders then i obviously know theresa may and also angela merkel . 
  poor effort really . 
  hartwall 's lonkero , i 've been craving that stuff ever since i visited helsinki nearly 18 months ago !, 
  nick clegg, 
  out of the cities i 've visited , munich , utrecht or helsinki . 
  there are plenty of places i could say i 'd love to live in that i 've never visited , but since i 've never visited them i could n't judge whether or not they 'd be great places to live . 
  the three cities above were all great to see as a tourist , but there was just something about those three cities that jumped out at me that instantly screamed `` yeah i could totally live here '' . 
  can confirm , we only just got the internet last year . 
  i 've never really seen anyone say anything bad about norwich - with the exception of people that were born here ( myself included ) feeling cut off from the rest of the country . 
  as a lib dem member i feel hated and liked/tolerated in both / r/unitedkingdom and / r/ukpolitics . 
  it 's a weird one . 
  usually ca n't go a day without seeing someone mentioning tuition fees - mostly from die hard corbynites who think clegg is incompetent ( hmm ... ) for going back on a promise he could never implement . 
  i do generally prefer / r/unitedkingdom though and comment on there a little bit . 
  the politics sub is more of a lurking sub for me , but it 's a lot funnier so i mean , swings and roundabouts i guess . 
  the traditional chav like the ones in the picture in the current top comment still exist , and will probably always exist . 
  however i do feel like some of them have evolved into a chav 2.0 . 
  the type that look like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mulmxqi3ms ) . 
  i regularly check / r/askuk , but it 's more used by people living in the uk who want to ask for advice or information on a specific topic . 
  questions by those outside the uk are welcomed if anyone wants to learn something , however if it 's a question where you can easily find out the answer with a google search or it 's an extremely low effort post ( i.e. 
  `` i 'm going to london for 5 days , what should i do ? '' ), 
  then you 'll get shut down pretty quickly and everyone will take the piss . 
  we all supposedly have a nice accent . 
  [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/sifbgperujg?t=19 ) is the accent where i am from . 
  i do n't sound anywhere close to this luckily though - the accent seems to have mostly disappeared from younger people . 
  i still have a bit of a norfolk twinge though . 
  north norfolk master race !, 
  til the bins are different colours across the country !, 
  for me it 's ; green - general waste grey - recycling brown - garden waste, 
  well i had to take this route whilst interrailing last summer , from copenhagen to hamburg . 
  the train stopped at the port ( ca n't actually remember if the train went on the ferry or not , it might have done ? ), 
  and then we got on a ferry which was about 40 minutes long , but including all the faffing around it was more like 90 mins , and then we got back on the train and carried on . 
  i think a tunnel/bridge would have made it a bit quicker and easier . 
  would n't have been as fun though . 
  jesus christ , that 's a name i 've not heard in a while !, 
  out of the places i 've visited there are a couple , mainly because they ` mean ' something to me , rather than what 's actually there to do/see/eat / whatever . 
  but i 'll always have a soft spot for the [ allg\u00e4u ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/allg%c3%a4u ) area in southern germany . 
  when i was 17 i did an exchange there ( just short of a week long ) and stayed with a german family . 
  my german was shit and i absolutely hated the first night and moaned to my teacher the next day about how i was n't enjoying it , but by the end of the week i got on great with my family and i was so upset to leave - it honestly felt as if i was back at home . 
  my german improved exponentially in only a week and my family were super accommodating . 
  i went travelling around europe a year later and went out of my way to meet up with them again and we gelled instantly , it was almost as if i had never left after the exchange . 
  i enjoyed seeing them so much both times that it played a part in influencing me to start a degree in german !, 
  as part of my degree i obviously get to do a year abroad and i am itching to get back out there - hopefully i can find an internship/placement in either kempten or memmingen . 
  other than having ` ties ' to the region , bavarian swabia itself looks [ absolutely beautiful ] ( http://bilder.t-online.de/b/67/62/19/48/id_67621948/tid_da/allgaeu-bei-t-online-de-reisen.jpg ) and incredibly picturesque with rolling hills and mountains in the background . 
  insanely hot in the summer and stupidly cold with tonnes of snow in the winter - what 's not to love ? 
  bavarian men are a great laugh too . 
  kinda like the guys down my local pub except friendlier , funnier , and more approachable . 
  also [ sp\u00e4tzle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sp%c3%a4tzle ) is delicious . 
  why do you eat salmiakki ? 
  also will you send me some crates of lonkero ? 
  nothing major . 
  there are barely any foreigners where i live . 
  we do have a lot of albanians who work on the farms though and they just generally act like chavs would . 
  they litter and spit on the floor a lot and play loud music from their phones and just hang around generic places ( so like , the middle of a street where nothing is ) looking shifty or suspicious . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's them wanting to act like that , or if they 've seen a load of chavs and think that it 's the way they * should * act . 
  i know nothing about slovenia other than going to ljubljana whilst interrailing , where i found out that your people are extremely hospitable . 
  story time . 
  my ex and i ( 18 at the time ) were couchsurfing with a 30yo couple who picked us up from the train station at 10pm at night . 
  we 'd been on the train from budapest for about 8 hours and had n't eaten , so when we got into the house they 'd prepared some food for us and we stayed up , had a nice chat and went to bed . 
  in the morning they had to go to work but gave a load of booklets for us to look at for something to do before giving us a lift to tivoli gardens , and we walked into the city from there . 
  unfortunately my ex suddenly got extremely ill ( no idea why , we think it was from some food in budapest - nothing at all to do with the hosts ) so we had to run around the centre of ljubljana with her crying and trembling and feeling awful , going into chemists trying to find specific tablets and contacting our couchsurfing hosts and finding a hostel to stay in and pestering the tourist advice centre down by the triple bridge with my frantic english which they tried so hard to understand . 
  all the people that we came across that afternoon were unneccesarily understanding , sympathetic and helpful to two stupid ( and one seriously ill/homesick ) british teenagers , and all those complete strangers went above and beyond what i would have even expected from close friends . 
  at the time i was shitting myself thinking that it would ruin the whole trip and i had no idea if we 'd even find a spare room in a hostel , let alone a nice cheap room with an ensuite and tv and food included . 
  but i will always look back fondly and happily when i think of slovenia/ljubljana , even if i technically had the worst time . 
  i 'm not sure what the general view is in the uk , especially since that whole black lives matter movement spread here ... ... 
  but personally i view them favourably . 
  i do not feel threatened by them at all and if i ever have a serious run in with them i like to think i 'd comply with them . 
  if i see officers walking in the street and they walk past me and say `` morning '' o/e i do n't hesitate to respond , since i feel like it lets them know i 'm not afraid of them either . 
  i 've been given cautions before and they were easy enough to deal with then . 
  depends who you 're talking to . 
  i pesonally feel much closer to the mainland of the continent that i do with australia and co , although i do feel we are still somewhat similar . 
  the us is totally alien to me though . 
  european first , then british , then english . 
  learning a few other languages , doing an exchange in college and interrailing and making friends all over the continent have helped solidify my view that i am a european . 
  i also agree with the other poster that since the eu referendum i have felt more european .
