  the characterization of isis as 7th century barbarians is also ridiculous . 
  terrorism is a tool for asymmetrical warfare in the 21st century , so is fanaticism . 
  this is about disintegrating nation states and national conflicts being fought on foreign territory , not about some religious mumbo-jumbo . 
  the article is full of the vulgar 21st century culture criticism that permeates the new atheist movement as well . 
  isis is n't bombing paris because of conchita wurst but because there 's a fucking war going on in syria . 
  they 're using terrorism not because they 're savages or spiritually mind controlled but because it 's their most effective tool like the boxer rebellion did or the ira ( for the culturally obsessed , those two groups were n't trying to defend chinese folklore or catholicism either ) . 
  if they had fighter jets and drones they 'd use those . 
  except for the part where one of them goes rogue inside of a sentient weapon of mass destruction and nearly brings civilization down * cough *, 
  it 's effectively the same thing if you 're dependent on foreign products , which finland is . 
  a floating currency is n't magic . 
  what you gain in competitiveness is what you lose in import strength . 
  not to mention that these people are of interest to the intelligence community and it often makes more sense to put them under surveillance and try to get to their backers and allies . 
  if they 're known they are generally not a threat . 
  well people in the western ` civilized world ' spend a lot of time convincing themselves that their societies are somehow more humanist than everybody else and that all enemies must be evil monsters or barbarians . 
  the average person anywhere is n't much different , it just happens to be the case that all the crap here is being suppressed by functioning states and social taboos , but when something like this happens everybody is out for some good old lynching all the same , regardless of whether it does any good . 
  also it does n't really help that the lowest common denominator of them all seems to have gravitated towards this subreddit . 
  if you 'd ask that in several western countries i 'm pretty sure that you 'd get a third of the people to agree to that . 
  not to mention that about 8 out of 10 deaths of the afghan and iraq wars were civilians anyway . 
  what you 'd get through occupation is nothing what us troops had in germany and japan . 
  see the intifadas that israel has to endure every once in a while with dead citizens every week ? 
  you 're going to get the biggest intifada on the planet if the us is going to try to occupy a territory the size of the uk . 
  you 're not just going to have funny communist war games , you 're going to have dead soldiers every week being blown up by fanatically determined terrorists . 
  if you 're willing to endure that for decades , sure but to compare this to having american troops in germany is ridiculous . 
  and the bad thing is we already had france and the uk drawing funny lines into the sand a few decades ago and now here we are . 
  colonialism is no solution to this . 
  the region needs to reorganize itself . 
  we need to get out , care for the people that are fleeing as best as we can , and provide security as thoroughly as our free societies allow us to , but in the end we 'll have to live with the risk of terrorism . 
  if you leave your house bad stuff can happen , there is no 100 % security . 
  yes and none of those live in europe . 
  how is this relevant ? 
  what the fuck has egypt to do with europe ? 
  stop mixing 1.6 billion people together . 
  what people in sudan do is irrelevant . 
  there is no political ambition to stone people or kill dissidents in mainstream muslim communities in any eu nation . 
  no , ummahsultan is absolutely right it 's a cheap rhetorical tactic . 
  being homophobic is bad but to get from being grumpy about gay people to terrorism is ridiculous . 
  by that definition a third of our population and practically everybody above 60 is incompatible with democracy . 
  reducing intolerance in society is important , but to discuss it in the context of terrorism says more about the other than it says about the subject of the discussion . 
  yes that was my point . 
  socially regressive views exist across the board . 
  they are n't connected to terrorism . 
  there are secular terrorists like the pkk or the raf , there are deeply religious terrorists , there are sufi muslims , jainists and monks who do nothing but pray all day , this is not what creates militant struggle . 
  it 's a struggle for national identity that creates these things . 
  this is what all extremism has in common . 
  i actually did say none of those things . 
  as awful as those views are there is no reason to believe that they have anything to do with terrorism . 
  you have those views in the bible belt too . 
  or in a village in east germany , or somewhere in an orthodox russian community or in numerous asian countries . 
  what causes these terrorist attacks is the fact that there are no local conflicts any more . 
  today 's wars happen globally and war from the middle-east is being fought out on european streets . 
  if you want to fight terrorism that is where you need to start . 
  thinking that random lines out of the quran lead people to blow themselves up is like claiming that they ira was fighting a catholic war . 
  we fought the raf by actually fighting the raf , not by closing our borders or giving in to any other populist demands or decrying the red menace . 
  what people are demanding right now is the contemporary version of mccarthyism . 
  obviously we should fight terrorism with all measures our security institutions have . 
  what we do not need to do is scaremonger , promise perfect security , and rile up the population along ethnic or religious lines . 
  explain please to me what that has to do with terrorism . 
  i have read it a hundred times today . 
  the overwhelming majority of terrorists did n't sneak into europe , they 're born here . 
  how many people do you need to pull something off like yesterday ? 
  a few dozen ? 
  it can not be stopped . 
  the only way to win against terrorism is not to play , there is no absolute security . 
  it may sound heartless to say this after such an incident , but no amount of emotion or anger or aimless political activism is going to stop terrorism . 
  this seems more like the mumbai attacks in 2008 , happened around the same time of the year , too . 
  while there 's probably some truth to the fact that the ` anglo-sphere ' generally has a little more open attitude , you 're grossly overstating the situation . 
  i 've known quite some people who have moved to london with the same expectations and came back a year later because they had to live in an overpriced apartment without a functional heater . 
  if you 're willing to learn the language you 'll have a great time in germany or denmark and you 'll be able to live a lot cheaper too . 
  it 's also not like you 're going to get hate in france or germany because you 're portuguese . 
  it 's true but it 's not really the relevant for this discussion . 
  the median income of the us , germany , the uk and france , sweden is similar and even higher in countries like denmark , norway or australia all nations who have excellent social mobility as well as a generally high income . 
  it 's not a zero sum game . 
   the uk is a land of opportunity , germany is n't . 
  [ uhhh . . social mobility in the uk is even lower than in the us ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c7/intergenerational_mobility_graph-1.jpg ) it 's the least socially mobile country in the developed world german wealth inequality is big , income inequality on the other hand is much lower than in most other countries , which generally is more important when it comes to standard of living of the broad population . 
  you seem to be angry about germany but what you 're saying about opportunities and inequality you basically just made up . 
  radical free speech or radical democracy is not a `` truth machine '' , quite the contrary actually . 
  after our experiences of failed democracies after ww i and the power of mass agitation during ww ii we came to the conclusion that democracy needs to be able to provide both individual freedom but also proactive defense of core values . 
  it is important to not create an atmosphere of `` everything is an opinion , nothing is a fact '' but rather , `` we have core constitutional values , accept them both in public expression and action or gtfo '' . 
   so now you 're talking about violence or incitement to violence by people with anti-immigrant and hard-right views , not merely people who hold anti-immigrant views . 
  i talked about violence or incitement of violence the whole time . 
  you can hold `` anti-immigrant views '' whatever that means . 
  i think it 's deplorable but i ca n't tell you what to believe , but the moment you either commit violent crimes or promote violent crime , or threaten democracy in any other equivalent form you can be punished . 
  everybody knows the limits our constitution sets in regards to what you can publicly say or do and what counts as incitement of hatred , the lines are very clear for everybody who has gone through our education system and grown up here . 
  espousing an anti-democratic communist ideology would be as much of a threat if it were still present in german society , but it is n't present anymore ever since the raf-era ended . 
  since the 90 's we have had over 100 victims due to right-wing terrorism . 
  we 've had the nsu killing-spree in the last decade , we have attacks on refugee centers on a weekly basis , but at the moment there are no equivalent threats coming from the autonomous left . 
  most crimes perpetrated by the left amount to property damage , which might be somewhat upsetting but is n't a danger to our democratic system . 
  the violent crimes that occur are virtually always directed at either the police or the radical-right , by definition a radical leftist has little motivation to attack refugees or other members of the civil society . 
  i 'd agree that it 's a general issue that extends far beyond the royals . 
  if you take a look at social mobility the uk ranks least among all developed nations , so there 's definitely a general attitude in the uk to at least tolerate heritage based inequality that i do n't get at all . 
  i do n't know if you 're aware of our history but we do and did take attacks on our society seriously from all angles . 
  remember for example willy brandt 's anti-communist domestic policies like the [ * radikalenerlass * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/berufsverbot#the_1972_anti-radical_decree ) which was aimed at mainly keeping radical left activists out of public office ( although brandt was a social-democrat ) , which is even still active in bavaria i think . 
  the * verfassungsschutz * also still has an eye on the left , to a somewhat silly degree even of tailing popular left-wing politicians like dietmar bartsch who definitely is n't going to commit any vicious attacks very soon . 
  also atheists are n't doing anything hateful in germany . 
  your posts are getting silly , keep the vitriol at bay . 
  no , you really ca n't , at least it 's not more ` vague ' than any other attack on civil society that 's up for punishment . 
  a democracy needs to be able to defend itself , both from physical as well as from ideological threats . 
  the keyword here '' * wehrhafte demokratie * '' . 
  we persecute people who set refugee homes on fire without question . 
  why should we not go after people who spread the ideological groundwork for ideologies that are incompatible with our society as well ?
