  you got it the wrong way around . 
  we , the west , live in an age of unquestionable dogmatic liberalism . 
  we like to say that we hold deep moral convictions , freedom and all of that good stuff but it does n't actually mean anything . 
  if we want to bomb tens of thousands of people off the planet we say it 's in the name of freedom , what freedom of expression is you could see on the front page of reddit for the last two days , it does n't actually mean anything , it 's just a slogan . 
  you may criticize the content of a lot of muslims beliefs , but at least they still hold some . 
  we on the other hand do n't . 
  we 've given up on having a social * gestaltungsauftrag * . 
  having the newest smartphone is not something that satisfies people who have held more genuine beliefs at some point . 
  if we want to convince extremists we need to offer an authentic alternative . 
  `` here have some freedom , make some money and leave the rest of us alone '' is n't enough for them . 
  i did n't deny that , but all of that is popping up in countries like greece to . 
  people lose confidence in democracy , racism gains traction and you get into a vicious circle of erosion of civic life and economic downturn , intellectuals leaving etc. . . 
  this is not something that you can really tolerate or simply solve with money . 
  i also do n't think we need to resort to fatalism here and accept this as the `` natural state '' . 
  central governments can create local institutions in problematic regions to ensure that the regions are n't left behind . 
  no , because the language barrier as well as welfare measures will prevent people from moving around . 
  apart from the fact that this sounds like a horrible idea from a social or ethical standpoint , that kind of free labour movement is a ridiculous fantasy . 
   in the us people emigrate from the heartland to the major cities and centers and in return the wealthier states transfer capital . 
  this has always happened and always will be the case . 
  it needs to be combated though because i do n't want to see a european country that looks like detroit . 
  capital transfers back are not sufficient . 
  the cultural , political and brain-drain ca n't be compensated by writing a check . 
  i do n't want to end up with a few booming hubs and wasteland around , it 's not going to work out in the long term . 
  in some countries this also endangers the national unity as can be seen in the uk with the whole london/rest of the uk situation . 
  no , he pointed out that the guy is rationalizing the beatings he got . 
  a reaction that is very common by the way when it comes to domestic abuse of all sorts . 
  people rather convince themselves that they deserved a good beating than admitting that their parents/relatives are abusive shitheads , it 's an understandable but extremely mislead reaction . 
  exactly , it seems to be quite a popular view today to want all the power of democracy without any of the nasty obligations or consequences . 
  the electorate gets the rulers they deserve . 
  if you want improvement you need to clean up your own house first . 
  there are also about a dozen countries that oppose democracy and freedom and we 're supplying them with weapons . 
  we 're not the sole upholder of freedom and justice , you can leave mccarthy in his grave . 
  hell we have countries inside the european union that are barely democratic . 
  yeah that 's not at all what i said . 
  i said the nato 's / western actions in the past were of that nature , not the hypothetical defense of estonia . 
  it is related and ca n't be taken out of context , wars do n't happen in a theoretical vacuum . 
  if you want your alliance to work at a specific point , you should take care that relations are n't too strained . 
  if you abuse what was essentially designed as a purely defensive alliance for petty geopolitical scheming people notice , and you do n't need to be surprised that the support erodes . 
  i do n't think it 's that the majority of people is opposed to the nato in principle , it 's just that people here are reasonably sensitive about military adventures and the crap western countries have pulled over the last ~ 30 years has made a lot of people quite angry . 
  they do n't see the nato/western military and it 's member countries as a defensive alliance but as a tool to protect economic interests , and a lot of people do n't think that 's something worth supporting . 
  generally when it comes to economic questions the solution is n't exactly a matter of taste . 
  whether this trade agreement is a net benefit or loss for the european citizens may not be known but it 's definitely not both at the same time . 
  a nation represents certain ideals which the nation itself is often founded on and its citizens identify with . 
  let 's say individual freedom and republicanism in the case of the us or the ability to strike for an unlimited amount of hours in the case of france . 
  now if i really do n't like these ideals and oppose them fiercely i could probably say that i hate the country . 
  ignoring them ought to do the job , there 's actually no need to demonize them . 
  two years ago everybody was saying `` oh no , the afd !, 
  the right is on the rise ! '', 
  and big surprise , now they 're self-destructing . 
  same will happen to pegida eventually . 
   seriously though , one would think a german of all people would know not to generalize people because they are `` undesirables '' . 
  i 'm sick of the appeasement . 
  they 're idiots and it 's not my fault . 
  the fact that they live in germany , a modern democratic country does not only give them rights , it gives them obligations . 
  there is no intellectual foundation for what they are saying , they are scared of muslims in a city * which has no fucking muslims * . 
  you ca n't argue with these people and trying to do so will only drag you down into a cesspool of weirdness . 
  the ` anything goes ' mentality in modern discourse is ridiculous . 
  no , our established media is not controlled by the cia , yes we are a sovereign country , no muslims are not going to conquer germany . 
  it really is that simple, 
  every second person living in luxembourg is a `` foreigner '' . 
  depends on the woman , that 's what evaluations before conscription are for . 
  set a standard , whoever is fit enough qualifies , and who fails is out regardless of gender . 
  i do n't feel less free today than i did 15 years ago . 
  most people saying that currently do n't seem to be much older than twenty , so i always wonder how they come to that conclusion . 
  every foreign import reduces our trade imbalance , which is good . 
  it does n't matter if we build some streets ourselves , because you ca n't export a street . 
  even if only half or a quarter of that investment were foreign it would still lower our trade surplus , which would be great, 
  domestic investment requires imports . 
  if we invest in our infrastructure for example , we 're going to buy european products and services to accomplish that , which will increase our imports and thus decrease our trade surplus . 
   throttle exports ? 
  not feasible . 
  generate more imports ? 
  probably ... but how ? 
  the germans tend to save a ridiculous high amount of their income . 
  our government could throw away the ridiculous idea of not indebting itself , take on 1 or 2 % of gdp in from of credit every year they do n't even have to pay any real amount on interest on , and start rebuilding our infrastructure which will do several things : - it will pay for itself in the future because it will grow our economy . 
  - it will help our neighbours because they 'll get to sell us stuff in the process . 
  - it will repair our infrastructure which in a pretty shameful condition overall . 
  immigration , contrary to what reddit makes you believe most people here do n't have a problem with it . 
   but what separates russia from ukraine from that respect is that there is an understanding that the state comes first , not the oligarchs . 
  but on a political level that 's the opposite of corruption is n't it ? 
  when you talk about a corrupt state what you mean is that it 's weak , that policy making is dominated by private economic interests of families or whatever and that the state is dysfunctional . 
  the opposite is happening right now . 
  russia has a scary strong grip on both corporate and social institutions and it 's the intellectuals , minorities and and the elites that are driven out . 
  so i do n't understand the analysis that some kind of corrupt elite is running russia , it 's the exact other way around . 
   i think it 's fairly unreasonable to state our problem is with an entire people or culture rather than their ruling - hopelessly jingoistic and peerlessly corrupt - political elite no , no , no . 
  the exact opposite is true . 
  people need to stop the leadership fetishism and actually try to understand countries in historical context including their culture and population . 
  not every citizen on this planet is the same and it just happens to be the case that some are ruled by good leaders and others are ruled by bad leaders . 
  the corruption characterization is completely wrong for example . 
  contemporary russia is not corrupt , and not run by elitists . 
  ( in the political sense , on the corporate level it 's a different matter but also irrelevant ) . 
  oligarchs are locked up in prison and living standards for the poorest are rising . 
  that is true in china and turkey as well . 
  cosmopolitan business people have nothing to gain from nationalist politics , it 's the broad masses that the russian government draws support from . 
  it is actually a scarily functional form of state capitalism and that is the very opposite of political corruption . 
  ( take the yelzin-era as comparison ), 
  `` our falcons soon showed them that the defiant serbs would n't be so easily subdued '' are you kidding me ? 
  this is glorification of ethnic cleansing and * directly * attacks the human dignity of the people in question . 
  this is exactly what the paragraph exists for . 
  this is actually illegal here and called * volksverhetzung * .
