  those are pressing issues . 
  parties like podemos seem healthy to me . 
  they 're young , educated and want to gain power through the democratic process . 
  the right seems to be disappointed that they 're not going to get the street war that they want so desperately . 
  the author seems to want to conjure up more people like corbyn , but pure class warfare is n't going to win anybody over anymore . 
  the point is just that i 've been to italy frequently , and when you visit some parts of the south and you see how dirt poor it is and how families are dominating local life and public institutions are hiring through crony connections left and right and then someone comes and tells me `` if only germany had not broken brussels guideline # 2471 by 0.2 % '' * i can not wrap my head round how ridiculous it is . * . 
  there are huge parts in italy where authority , due process and the law mean absolutely nothing and people are pointing the finger at germany . 
  a very important part of the political process is figuring out what the most important issues are and then trying to work down the list . 
  this political bickering on the eu level is going to accomplish absolutely nothing , you can accuse me of denial as much as you want , it 's my genuine opinion , i do n't have many patriotic reflexes towards my country anyway . 
  sorry , i did n't deny anything . 
  sure on some issues germany has violated eu law , but so do many other member states . 
  if we 'd enforce the maastricht debt criteria strictly southern europe would completely lose their mind . 
  discussions about technocratic issues do n't address pressing problems . 
   of course if it were the case that the union serves germany , it will serve also worked who else is aligned with whatever position serves germany . 
  well if many nations share the german position that 's good right ? 
  the eu is n't supposed to intentionally work against germany . 
  the problem would be if germany would push for policies that * solely * serve german interest , why else would you voice this as criticism ? 
  sure you can point it out , although pretty much all nations are in some violation of the terms , maastricht debt criteria most notably are not being met by many member states , the point is simply that it 's not going to fix any fundamental problems . 
  the point is to keep the polemic at bay and to decide where to put the political focus , and italy needs to put its focus on domestic politics if the country wants to get out of their political and economical slump . 
  the eu does not serve germany alone , it 's a silly hyperbole . 
  one day germany is too pro-russian , the next day germany is supposed to drop the sanctions . 
  one day the fins want germany to practically shove greece out of the eurozone , the next day we 're austerity dictators . 
  we ca n't make everybody happy all the time and to demand this of germany is ridiculous . 
  the german position will always be one of compromise and mediation . 
  that will mean that somebody will always be upset . 
  as the biggest nation on the continent we do n't have the luxury to hold extremist positions and put the blame on our neighbors for not having easy solutions . 
  other countries should do the same . 
   from an outsiders perspective , eu rules only seem to apply when it is convenient for the german speakers . 
  even if that were true , which it partially is maybe , it 's really insignificant when it comes to the structural problems italy faces . 
  the north / south divide is a huge issue in the country . 
  some regions in northern italy are among the wealthiest regions in europe , some in the south as poor as a developing state . 
  the political process is dysfunctional , on the * ease of doing business * index italy ranks behind belarus . 
  the size of the [ shadow economy ] ( http://images.huffingtonpost.com/2014-08-26-static.squarespace-thumb.png ) is twice as high as in most other developed nations , corruptions runs rampart . 
  there is no trust in public institutions . 
  so even if the `` german problem '' exists , it 's irrelevant compared to the domestic problems that italy faces . 
  that 's why there is populism in the country . 
  italy can keep pointing the finger at the german boogeyman or they can get their house in order . 
  and italy is n't the only southern european country that faces these challenges and keeps pointing the finger at northern europe . 
  it 's the psychological reflex of a child . 
  eu regulations , and budget are so small compared to the national budgets and legislative power that no member state can honestly blame the majority of their ills on the european institutions or their neighboring nations . 
  opinion about gay marriage is very negative in the baltics as well and they are n't exactly known to be the most religious place on the planet . 
  homophobia in eastern europe is in many cases prevalent among secular people as well , hell the soviet union from 1933 onward heavily persecuted homosexuals well into the late 70 's . 
  secularism and atheism in eastern europe is n't exactly humanism . 
  i think in the region it was always more of an ` out-group ' thing . 
  homosexuals are being seen in the same way immigrants are . 
  outsiders who do n't want to participate in the `` orderly , decent and homogeneous '' society and thus make for a good political target . 
  a motherfucking chainsaw , what ? 
  it 's the dr. who spacewhale . 
  earth is destroyed and the uk escapes on that whale , but they torture it to keep it moving : (, 
  obviously you can compromise , but not on the fundamental principles . 
  if the uk wants stronger outer border control , sure . 
  more involvement in the eu legislative process , that can happen , too . 
  but denying people to move around freely inside the eu and overcoming national borders is the central promise . 
  that 's not going to change . 
  well if you feel that way and want the uk to look [ like this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/6fnk9hs.jpg ) then that 's okay and vote to leave the eu . 
  but please do n't give me the `` we will change the rules or we will leave !!! '', 
  talk every other week . 
  yes and the other 27 member states will not butcher the eu just because the uk wants to . 
  when it comes to limiting rights for * eu citizens * the uk is isolated . 
  the uk is free to leave but you 're not going to remove freedom of movement or freedom of work . 
  this is delusional . 
  * free * movement and free choice of work are two of the four * fundamental * freedoms of the european union . 
  the whole point is to get rid of internal barriers . 
   there is n't going to be a cap on eu migration or in work benefits for eu residents . 
  because not capping those things is literally the point of the union . 
  sorry norway but some of that stuff really looks ... peculiar sennepssild looks like a leprotic patient lost some part of their body, 
  i do n't have a problem with dudes . 
  reddit usually jumps at people who do n't like dudes , or does reddit only dislike brown dudes ? 
  no , i am making a simple argument , which is that assad has become an important potential ally for iraq given the fact that isis is iraq 's most essential threat . 
  the us policy of trying to remove assad is working against iraqi interests and the airstrikes alone have not stopped iraq from losing significant territory . 
  iraq 's best bet for integrity is iranian and shia force and with that russian support . 
   `` we are seeking to see russia have a bigger role in iraq . 
  yes , definitely a bigger role than the americans , '' zamili said . 
  shi'ite militias , long mistrustful of the united states , see russia 's intervention as an opportunity to turn the tables . 
  `` the russian intervention came at the right time and right place and we think it will change all rules of the game not only in syria but in iraq also , '' said muen al-kadhimi , an aide to hadi al-amiri , the most powerful shi'ite militia leader . 
  `` the government has been relying heavily on an untrustworthy ally , which is the united states , and this fault should be fixed . '', 
  that is not true anymore . 
  iraq has heavily shifted towards russia over the recent years . 
  iran and russian aligned shia forces have considerable expanded their influence while us backed officials have n't much to say anymore , largely due to the isis threat and iraq seeing assad as an important ally in fighting them . 
  not only that , but if we look at the middle-east the iran-iraq-syria-russia axis is getting pretty strong and the west really does n't have a strong ally in the region apart from the gulf states , who only play a very remote role . 
  if iran is going to emerge as the predominant regional power which is n't unlikely russia will definitely have the leading role in the region . 
  this is true for a lot of the emerging powers in general . 
  india is on very good relations with russia , china obviously as well . 
  i do n't think characterizing russia 's power by nuclear weapons is accurate . 
  i do n't think nuclear weapons play a predominant role right now at all . 
  i very much doubt that if we were to remove nuclear weapons from the picture the united states would go to war with russia or kick them out of syria . 
  i agree with the point of view that if you take the ` rational ' position that it does n't make much sense to discriminate against * any * form of consensual relationship , which for me personally points into the direction that the whole institution has outlived its purpose . 
  like , i 'm not actually zealous . 
  if traditionalists want to have marriage they can have it . 
  the problem is that this kind of traditionalist mechanism is getting a revival and starts to affect all aspects of life at the moment . 
  discrimination against minorities . 
  unreasonable economic policies based on fear of globalization the kind of cultural revanchism is everywhere and it 's disastrous . 
  the kind of ` organic ' view of society and state that you are describing has led europe down a very bad road in the past . 
  well go read the wikipedia article about homosexuality in china or buy a book . 
  am i your teacher ? 
  the history of sexuality and the institution of the traditional family is n't continuous or limited to the abrahamitic concept . 
  even in the western world the perception of same-sex relations has changed remarkably . 
  in ancient greece homosexuality , even in the form of pederasty was widely accepted and practiced . 
  in ancient rome having male concubines was a completely acceptable thing . 
  in thailand the `` three gender '' view is completely accepted .
