  i did n't say we should n't demand any policy changes from greece i said that forcing greece into austerity is counterproductive . 
  there would have been plenty alternatives that would stop the endless recession that we are seeing now and have seen for five years . 
  it 's basically just the shortened version of `` deutschland geh\u00f6rt den deutschen '' , so because the verb is missing it might sound a little confusing . 
  no , they 're throwing themselves into the pot . 
  if you scream that shit or walk next to a person who does you know exactly what people will think of you . 
  if they do n't give a crap about being associated with them , why should i ? 
  yes sure , the policies germany forced onto greece are counterproductive and have no economic basis , i 'm not defending them . 
  there is growth , 3 % annual this year in the us . 
  please educate yourself about our country . 
  if you 're screaming these slogans in this country it 's absolutely clear what your political affiliation is because everybody knows what message it sends . 
  your literal interpretation is not relevant . 
  lebanese and syrians are about as ` culturally homogeneous ' as an irish and a south korean catholic . 
  there 's a long ongoing dispute in lebanon about what culture to identify with . 
  one will tell you about phoenician , the other about levantine or mediterranean and another about arab heritage . 
  to act like `` the middle-east '' of all regions can somehow be thrown into one group is utterly ridiculous . 
  it is among the most diverse regions on this planet . 
  to think of europe as being unique in its diversity is a sign of a very limited and ignorant worldview . 
   the eu is n't supposed to be a ` higher democratic instance ' indeed it is n't , and it is supposed to work on the basis of subsidiarity , that is to say decisions are supposed to be made as close to those that it has an impact on as possible . 
  with focus on * as possible * . 
  if a decision can not reasonably be made at a local level because matters simply are to complicated or produce bad results , then it 's completely valid to move an issue up the ladder to the next instance and sovereignty can and ought to be delegated . 
  to take your energy policy example , if it would turn out that france 's and germany 's energy policies were so different that it would hypothetically endanger the european market in the future , endanger the environment or whatever , then we obviously should go with a unified european policy . 
  democracy ca n't mean that we collectively drive off a cliff just because we want to . 
  i do n't know how , but i did n't actually know that iain banks is dead . 
  the whole culture series is amazing . 
  why did you have to tell me : (, 
  til : one of the most developed countries on the planet loses some investments = `` you 'll certainly die '' the economy is a means to an end , to improve people 's lives and to give as many people as many opportunities as possible . 
  if it does n't serve the public it 's of no use . 
  there 's also the european idea that rights are n't only available to people who can afford them . 
  this coercion through ` market incentives ' is in no way less prohibitive than an outright ban . 
  also smokers as well as obese people do n't actually cost society more money than healthy ones , due to them dying earlier . 
  i find it funny how many people who have n't spend a day in our country can apparently judge who ` betrays ' us or not lol . 
  this whole thread sounds like a rabid russian internet board talking about the fifth column undermining their country , such is life in r/europe . 
  take a look at the account . 
  do n't respond , report and move on . 
  while we 're at it @ mods : `` the german people have betrayed themselves '' 7 days further below , and some incoherent post about mark zuckerberg and xenophobia 10 days below , `` they are coming to your country , too '' 7 days and a bunch of other racist crap from several other week old accounts . 
  i 'm pretty sure this falls under brigarding . 
  implying that crystal meth is no fun, 
  well i do n't know honestly , i do n't really have an opinion about austria . 
  never been there , do n't know any austrians . . 
  they 're a little bit like bielefeld , except that austria exists . 
  they 're a solid pick in civ v though, 
  apprenticeships and internships are very different things . 
  the apprenticeship system is supposed to teach you a craft/skill over the course of three or four years . 
  you will part-time go to school ( * berufsschule * ) and part time work at a business that is eligible to train apprentices . 
  the apprenticeship system is publicly recognized and each trade is organised in chambers , membership is in most cases compulsory and required to be allowed to actually practice the trade once you are finished with your education . 
  there are official standards and requirements that you 'll have to meet during your education and you 'll be tested at the end of your apprenticeship . 
  if you want you can continue to obtain ` master ' - qualification , many trade businesses still require at least one master to be present at all times , so if you want to open up a business yourself ( or just get a better education and higher pay ) that would be the way to go . 
  for example create professorships at public universities for islamic scholars and create a curriculum that will produce imams who can teach a modern version of islam that is compatible with our constitution instead of relying on foreign funding and foreign teachers over which we have no or little control . 
  fund cultural events that focus on inter-cultural and inter-religious exchange , maybe create a ministry that focuses exactly on that . 
  grant islamic and jewish holidays public status so that the separation in that regard is reduced and people get a feel for customs they may not be familiar with . 
  that is n't an alternate way to phrase ` apathy ' . 
  the government has a * gestaltungsauftrag * , it has a political mandate to encourage dialogue between secularists , believers , people of different political affiliations and create the necessary institutions to do so . 
  separation of church and state only prohibits religious institutions from directly taking part in the legal process , writing religious law and so on . 
  it 's not a tool to keep religion out of public life or hinder discourse . 
  it would be a horrible principle if that were the case . 
  yes , tebartz-van elst probably has n't been the best face of the church =p, 
  yes , for the sake of true authenticity the nobel peace price should be handed over in a trailer park in kentucky , and the winner is going to be nominated by a committee of rednecks , next years favorite is going to be geert wilders . 
  it is a * nobel prize * , those are reserved for the intellectual elite of varying fields . 
  well that 's a historical materialist perspective that * might * have been accurate 500 years ago , but i 'm very much in doubt that many priests today live a celibate live to control the peasants , so i do n't think it 's very relevant today . 
  was n't celibacy a buddhist practice until the end of the 19th century or something ? 
  i thought it was historically very prevalent and only abolished recently . 
  i 'm on board with the homosexuality but the celibacy is n't silly . 
  it 's a form of asceticism that 's very prevalent in many religions , eastern in western . 
  you 're basically denying yourself primal needs to live a more spiritual life . 
  that 's something that i would n't consider inherently offensive , that really is a choice . 
  it 's like taking a vow of poverty and then driving a porsche . 
  if the religion is supposed to mean something you 'll need to give up stuff that you care about , especially if you 're a member of the clergy . 
  that claim could not be confirmed in a [ meta-study including 40k participants . 
  ] ( http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/jsm.12293/abstract;jsessionid=b57f9908e2cbc7dcf2f8938b33aff668.f03t03 )  results the 1 + + , 2 + + , and 2 + studies uniformly found that circumcision had no overall adverse effect on penile sensitivity , sexual arousal , sexual sensation , erectile function , premature ejaculation , ejaculatory latency , orgasm difficulties , sexual satisfaction , pleasure , or pain during penetration . 
  support for these conclusions was provided by a meta-analysis . 
  impairment in one or more parameters was reported in 10 of the 13 studies rated as 2 \u2212 . 
  these lower-quality studies contained flaws in study design ( 11 ) , selection of cases and/or controls ( 5 ) , statistical analysis ( 4 ) , and/or data interpretation ( 6 ) ; five had multiple problems . 
  a relatively standard medical procedure . 
  mutilation implies impairment of function or health and that is n't the case . 
  there are some moderate health benefits associated with circumcision including lower transmission rate of sexual diseases and lowered risk for certain types of cancer . 
   to mutilate a childs sexual organs for religion nor fashion . 
  the discussion is so loaded anyway that the hyperbole is unnecessary . 
  male circumcision is , in contrast to female circumcision , not mutilation and no medical professional treats it as such . 
   take syria , iraq , and lybia , where dictators used it to ensure loyalty at the top . 
  not exactly a great argument as all of these countries are arbitrary creations drawn in the sand by western nations after ww i. sectarianism and nationalism are a relatively new development in the islamic world and have largely been shipped over to the middle-east from europe during the decline of the ottoman empire . 
  the concept of a ` nation ' was utterly foreign in the islamic world at any time but the last 200 years . 
  no they should n't . 
  german society is based on the idea of the * solidargemeinschaft * , which in the context of private property means that people not only have rights , but also obligations . 
  apartments exist so that people can live in them , they are not the equivalent of a bank deposit , especially not while people two streets away have to live in tents . 
  our constitution reflects that , people have mentioned article 14 several times in this thread already , people do not have the right to do with their property as they please , property rights are limited in this country . 
  and ukraine is represented at the talks , too !, 
  they 've defected to the enemy !, 
  i 'm sure all the people owning dozens of apartments in berlin will soon suffer terrible hunger and only be compensated with a small sack of grain . 
  either that or maybe people should stop using dated historical anecdotes that have nothing to do with the topic at hand . 
  if i remember correctly over 5000 just in berlin , it 's ridiculous really . 
  not all feel happy and safe , but the situation is at least ambivalent among the jewish community , `` if i were a jew i 'd feel completely abandoned '' is a silly blanket statement . 
  actually among the few jews i personally know i have n't heard that sentiment at all as they all have a refugee background themselves because they fled the ex-soviet countries when the borders opened , as many jews do who returned to the continent . 
  many of them have been uprooted and moved repeatedly , immigration is not a foreign concept to them . 
  germany is the only country in europe with a growing jewish population and we also have a lot of muslim migration , both traditionally and at the moment . 
  at least here there seems to be no connection . 
  syrian refugees have also increasingly turned to jewish welfare organisations here in germany , who say that they can bring a helpful perspective to the table because they 've a lot of knowledge with syrian refugees in several middle-eastern countries . 
  and that is a completely different statement from your last post . 
  setting a reasonable limit is okay , categorically denying people the right to apply , in a democratic nation , is not . 
  democracy ! = mob rule . 
  our constitution guarantees people the right to apply for asylum , it is considered to be a human right .
