  i 'm not trying to hide it . 
  and i think every wealthy industrialised nation should share this mindset . 
  and no , i do n't believe that refugee conventions are what every individual nation makes of it . 
  it 's a historical document and a commitment to an effective refugee policy , not a lip service that everybody can honor to the degree that they consider pleasant . 
  you consider yourself to be a nation that respects human rights then you better live up to it when it counts . 
  that it is a political as well as a geographical reality is still true . 
  in fact japan and australia could literally welcome everyone that makes it to their shores and not even notice it , which makes their inaction even more deplorable . 
  japan is simply bullshitting and rejecting everybody they want . 
  if that 's your definition of `` interpreting the rules '' then we do n't need any rules in the first place . 
  acknowledging this is not ignorant . 
  the purpose of signing a refugee convention is to take in actual refugees , not declaring everybody not to be a refugee . 
  also as the other guy told you in that response you linked told you that your explanation is nonsensical . 
  you do n't seem to understand the concept of rules . 
  you ca n't just interpret them as they want . 
  if you do that it stops being a rule . 
  likewise a law is a law . 
  you can not `` de facto '' change a law . 
  and germany did n't , which you claimed !, 
  oh my god you contradicted yourself , somebody call the police !, 
  fact of the matter is most nations did n't change their asylum laws . 
  okay sweden did . 
  does n't change the big picture . 
  and of course we could throw away our whole constitution and that would be a choice . 
  of course we 're not going to do that because that would completely change the character of our nation . 
  which is n't something we want to do and as such no actual option . 
  given the current framework , which means accepting the geneva refugee convention and the open schengen borders , there was no other policy available . 
  when i talk about political action , i talk about action that is actually defensible based on our constitution and international agreements we agreed on . 
  and you need to cut the edgy talk because you sound like you are 16 years old and it has the effect of nobody wanting to talk to you . 
  the polish government has already told us that vegetarians and bicyclers are pretty much the fifth column . 
  so yes , if you can not prove that your family consists of jesus loving coal workers for at least five generations you will be deported . 
  well most western jurisdictions actually explicitly require penetration for rape charges ( germany does n't ) but that aside , insisting that people do not use exaggerated language and keep the facts straight is very important . 
  to use `` mass rape '' in this case is n't just generalised anger , it 's an explicit use of the `` foreign rapey savages are stealing our women '' trope . 
  it 's as old as history . 
  feminists have been fighting for decades to recognise the severity of rape , which is a crime that is predominantly happening in relationships and families . 
  stranger danger is not a real thing , it 's propaganda and it has had disastrous affect on criminal justice systems in many nations . 
  the other guy seemed to be contrasting it with the allegation of ` mass rape ' he clearly was n't trying to trivialise sexual assault . 
  this narrative that everybody who does n't break out in hysteria must clearly hate women in contrast to our brave right-wing heroes is something that has been repeated since the whole refugee situation started and is annoying as hell . 
  no , that 's literally what happened . 
  groping is groping and rape is rape . 
  both are crimes , but they 're not the same crime . 
  a mass rape did not take place . 
  there also was no riot . 
  like , you can not just string words together that upset you . 
  `` unprecendented disgusting attack riot '' sounds like the name of a finnish metal band, 
  israel has never codified law that obligates them to take in refugees , all european nations have . 
  we can not decline people who originate from a war torn nation or , for the moment , claim to do so . 
  this is why jordan and turkey have taken in lots of refugees from syria , but not israel . 
  you 're not invalidating people by calling them ignorant a dozen times per post and draw false equivalencies . 
  but nobody in europe actually changed their asylum policy before the latest refugee wave . 
  like literally nobody . 
  that happened because a war in syria escalated and people ran away from it and some people from other regions have seized the opportunity to also flee . 
  sure policies do matter , but they do n't trump reality . 
  relative numbers do n't make a lot of sense when you 're talking about a difference of 2k people lol . 
  that is still nothing . 
  that 's like having 200 measles cases in your country instead of 50 in a nation of 80 million and you print the headline `` omg , measles outbreaks increases by 400 % ! '', 
  numbers can be volatile when the baseline is extremely low , ca n't conclude anything significant from it . 
  wait , if i 'm reading this correctly australia received 13k people . 
  that is also nothing given the size of the nation . 
  also because it happens to be another island nation in the middle of nowhere . 
  what 's the point here ? 
  if the people are already here we can not help them at their location . 
  it is a human right to not be deported into a war zone . 
  so we 'll help them if they 're here . 
  this is not a myth . 
  that 's a reality . 
  it does n't really matter what is theoretically the most cost effective if hundreds of thousands of people jump on a boat and are on their way to your country . 
  giving them a phone call and an update on the newest research will not turm them around . 
  the reason japan get 's no refugees is because it 's a fucking island in the middle of nowhere . 
  if a war was breaking out in china or southeast asia there 'd be refugees galore . 
  every border protection policy is a beggar-thy-neighbour policy . 
  it moves people around and it does n't solve the problem that causes refugee streams to begin with . 
  given that a lot of these problems are connected to how we interact with the countries these people originate from we 're also highly hypocritical . 
  we do n't want a border , but a membrane . 
  we can do what we want while they are screwed . 
  that 's pretty fucked up . 
  the reasonable conclusion is to see that we 're not going to get the golden times back ( did n't exist anyway ) and that we 're living in a world where people and stuff and information move freely , which is most of the time good and sometimes bad , but it is what it is . 
  this is what merkel recognizes which is why she is n't trying to give you fake answers that do n't actually solve anything and which is why she get 's shit on by people who buy into demagogue rhetoric . 
  trying to fight the problems of our times with borders is like trying to fight a hurricane with a hairdryer . 
  well i do n't know the guy , but the statements regarding merkel are true . 
  furthermore , in your post above you are just making up things . 
  germany * did not change its asylum laws once between 1993 ( which was a drastic tightening ) and 2015 * . 
  there was literally no single legal change made . 
  so we havened loosened anything at all . 
  of course merkel also made her decision when refugees were already on european shores . 
  she made a decision to stop eastern europe from completely imploding . 
  and of course we are using immigration to solve our demographic problem , there 's no reason to make that secret because there 's nothing wrong with it . 
  it happens in every industrialized nation . 
  this has nothing to do with refugee policies though , as taking them in is primarily a humanitarian act . 
  mass deporting legitimate burmese muslim citizens ? 
  that is called ethnic cleansing and absolutely nuts . 
  and no , we do not need strong borders , it 's a purely performative spectacle and the equivalent of waving your dick around . 
  but go on , give me another lists of countries with great borders that no poor bastard wants to live in, 
  he has defended her at every step . 
  that 's happens to be a reasonable thing when someone is right, 
  did you sleep over the chechen war and the dissolution of yugoslavia ? 
  also there 's [ literally a civil war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_muslims_in_myanmar#2013_anti-muslim_riots_in_central_burma ) between muslims and nationalist buddhists in happening in burma , in that specific case it 's the muslims getting clubbed , with over 200k of them [ fleeing to bangladesh over the last two decades ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internal_conflict_in_myanmar ) china has had considerable problems with the uyghur communities in the past and present , although that 's a smaller issue given that they 're a relatively small minority compared to china 's size . 
  have i subscribed to badhistory ? 
  have you been to slovenia in the last 5 - 10 years ? 
  the country is doing very well . 
  the south of italy might legitimately be a developing nation,
