  is putin a closet islamist as well ? 
  those guys hate gays because being homosexual places you outside of the social order ( same is true for say nazi germany or stalin 's russia ) and automatically turns you into a dissident . 
  in authoritarian states sex is supposed to be an activity to create more upright citizens ( see erdogan 's `` every woman must have 3 children '' statement ) . 
  things that are fun are dangerous to the regime . 
  read up on your foucault , controlling sex is a way to exercise biopower , to literally control the citizen 's bodies . 
  this is n't even closely related to religion apart from the fact that religion has also routinely been used to uphold authoritarian structures , but only contingently so . 
  east germany was a terrible place for gay people because it was perceived to be bourgeois ( it 's no accident that most opposition for homosexuality comes out of the working class . 
  it 's perceived as a hedonistic , sensual activity ) , a sign of moral weakness and a threat to the ` health of the nation ' . 
  it 's that perception of the nation as an organism that must rid itself of ` sick ' members that makes homosexuals dangerous , not religion . 
  liberal society btw is obsessed with sexual health as well . 
  we 've not really started to tolerate gay culture , we 've just trained gay people how to slut shame . 
  i honestly think the show would be much better if marco polo was n't actually in it, 
   who are you to say how many uses a gun has ? 
  what other use has a gun besides shooting things with it ? 
  that 's the only action it can physically perform . 
   i 'm going have to see a source for this one . 
  http://aje.oxfordjournals.org/content/160/10/929.full  maybe his data is a little out of date ? 
  according to scientists some time ago , the earth is flat !, 
  so there !, 
  i do n't know if you 're actually serious but hobbes was n't a scientist . 
  the observation that state order is necessary to maintain safety is obviously true if you take a look around the world and look at the baseline of violence and crime in any given country . 
  of course it matters , the demographics strongly influence other factors that facilitate crime . 
  not accounting for them ( which the website you linked to does n't do ) makes the exercise useless . 
  ceteris paribus exists for a reason . 
   there 's nothing wrong with every reasonable , responsible person in a country owning a gun , just like we get by ok with people owning cars , knives and a bunch of other ways to kill . 
  you need to sign up for analogies 101 . 
  a car and a knife have vast utility apart from killing someone with it . 
  guns do n't . 
  in fact they do n't even increase your own safety , so they basically suck at the thing they 're supposed to do . 
  we need cars and knifes in our daily lives , we do n't need guns , hunting being pretty much the only exception . 
  there 's a very good reason that responsible , reasonable people ca n't own guns and the reason is that we handed over the monopoly of violence to the state . 
  as hobbes already figured out 400 years ago , when you hand everyone a weapon we 're going to start to bash each others brains in because we 're sadly very good at it . 
   this is true . 
  though vermont is the better example vermont has like five people and they are all rich and over one-hundred years old . 
  of course they have no crime, 
  the average japanese guy takes like 5 leave days per year and works about 10 hours a day . 
  that 's absolutely ridiculous . 
  2030 every fourth person in japan will be 65 years or older , the population will , if the current population development continues , shrink to 40 million by the end of the century . 
  this is a fucking disaster for the japanese economy , but also for the society because the whole political system is going to be dominated by highly aged individuals and the young will have no say whatsoever . 
  the economy is already in stagnation for two decades , the country is highly undynamic and pretty much only an attractive investment place for domestic investors . 
  not taking things literally < -- a skill you need to acquire can you respond to the `` work yourself to death '' part please, 
  in the context of the anglo-sphere and britain , which is the topic of the thread , no . 
  american or british patriotism is liberal not ethno centric . 
  it 's a product of a collective will , not of heritage or tradition . 
  yes , working 12 hours a day until you commit sepukku , truly excellent . 
  b. . . but the only way too vaccinate better is to vaccinate more . 
  that 's kinda what vaccination is about lol, 
  actually much more power , given that their recruitment pool is much bigger, 
  of course they do and yes it is a horrible idea to elect them, 
  patriotism is different in the sense that it , at least until trump , has been fundamentally inclusive and civic based on the principle of different people coming together because they want to build something . 
  the sentiment that is fueling the british nationalism right now as well as trump 's rise is the * exact opposite * . 
  it 's insecurity . 
  exceptionalists do n't think that their nation is `` losing '' or `` flooded by x '' . 
  exceptionalists are willing to take risks and responsibility because they believe that their nation can stomach difficult challenges . 
  the current movement of nationalism is driven by the opposite . 
  self-loathing nations are much more dangerous than confident nations . 
  crises are conjured up because they empower leaders . 
  exceptional nations do n't need great leaders in the first place . 
  an exceptionalist does not want to `` make a country great again '' , because it simply is and ca n't not be great . 
  should n't conflate the current version of nationalism with patriotism . 
  the latter really does n't deserve it . 
  if you know you have a audience of x lunatics it is a matter of fact that putting propaganda in on one end will result in violence on the other . 
  it 's been the preferred methods of all kinds of state and non-state actors for a long time now . 
  when the russian gov wants to crack down on dissenters they do n't send the black helicopters after them , they put enough propaganda out there so that some ideologically aligned group will send someone out there and beat them up . 
  it 's a form of stochastic violence that 's just as real and devastating as direct intervention . 
  well interventionism has n't worked in the last few decades and we 're basically doing what obama did in the middle-east : protect israel , stop iran from getting a nuke and wait till the storm blows over . 
  the equivalent in ukraine would be to stop russia from starting another major fuckup concerning the core of the country , try to keep some strategic balance and the contested regions are beyond salvation anyway , so they 're going to have to duke it out for themselves . 
  yeah it sucks for the ukrainians but what are you going to do . 
  ukraine is n't just some european country . 
  it 's corrupt as hell and a bottomless pit . 
  economically speaking it ranks somewhere between el salvador and iraq . 
  which would n't be that big of a problem if its government was n't so completely opportunistic and hopeless . 
  all the sympathy for ukraine is essentially fueled by anti-russian sentiment and not by genuine hope that ukraine is transformable into something we can work with . 
  germany , like every other nation has to manage her economic capital . 
  it simply does n't make any sense to put your whole weight behind something that 's essentially without any prospect of success , we 've seen that kind of nation building in other regions of the world for the last fifteen years and it has achieved exactly nothing . 
  and what exactly do we stand to gain from getting pulled into this shitfest ? 
  well they at least showed us that monotheism is far superior !, 
  i do n't think any god wants that big of a sacrifice : o, 
  yes it is very true . 
  ever picked up a recent edition of telos ? 
  there 's a humongous group on the radical left that embraces reactionary institutions . 
  communalism is being promoted heavily because we `` must not destroy cultures '' or `` we must not mess with nature '' . 
  of course we must , especially if you 're a marxist !, 
  there 's a reason why zizek is constantly being accused of being a closet liberal , because modern liberalism is doing what socialism promised to do . 
  well at the moment the ex ussr states are growing much , much faster than the developed western nations , so it really does n't look like they 'll stop caching up . 
  the us south is n't really comparable because they 're actively hurting themselves with silly policies in regards to states rights , education and withdrawal of the federal government . 
  they 're perpetuating their miserable situation by isolating themselves . 
  most eastern european states luckily are n't doing that . 
  it 's not true that most stagnate . 
  dozens of millions of people are being lifted out of poverty right now every year in the developing world thanks to liberalism . 
  it 's producing some nasty side effects , but it 's still working better than everything else we 've tried . 
  china was in a ridiculously bad situation before xiaoping opened the country up in the 80 's . 
  look at areas like shenzhen today and 30 years ago . 
  the fracture of the left you 're rightly pointing out is a result of them not having any serious alternative to offer , and worse i ca n't even distinguish left from right anymore . 
  the left if gobbling up all these reactionary concepts like ethno-pluralism , family centered values and even the fucking church in their combat against liberalism . 
  not the only relevant factor . 
  look at estonia now and look 20 years back . 
  population decline will probably reverse as the nations are rapidly caching up . 
  does n't matter if you have a bazillion citizens but your economy is so dysfunctional that you have to ration energy . 
  does n't matter if you haemorrhage talent as long as your economic output increases as rapid pace .
