  is that your personal experience or is that what geert wilders keeps telling you ? 
  if they bring their cuisine over here bring them on , german food sucks anyway . 
  crime rates are a lame argument , they 're so low in western europe that they 're barely representative of * any * individual person . 
  what does it matter if one in thousand germans is a criminal and three in thousand immigrants ? 
   i never understood why would we have to artificially keep these villages alive because it 's not like the whole village magically teleports into a suburb . 
  it 's mostly young people moving away leaving the older population without real support . 
  lack of medical treatment is one of the more pressing issues . 
   on the other hand if you look at the west there are huge problems with african/middle-eastern immigrants . 
   if we do n't , they will grow more defensive about their culture/religion and we get to see what happens in france/germany but at home please define that for me . 
  i read that about a hundred times here everyday . 
  for my whole life i had not one personal problem with african or middle-eastern immigrants . 
  * she * used it as an insult . 
  understanding what * her * intention was does n't make anybody but her a racist , jesus christ, 
  once drank with fraternity guys over the course of a weekend , never again . . 
  it 's maybe the worst analogy in the history of analogies . 
  it sucks that google 's privacy policy is n't much different , but at least most google services are useful . 
   if we follow the western roman empire it would probably be germany ... ohh no . 
  no more reparations , pls, 
  he was referring to the fact you are acting like this is n't nazi symbolism , which it clearly is . 
  atheism has become a major cultural identifier for a lot of young people . 
  it entails way more than the technical definition of ` not believing in god ' if it were just a negation of something you would n't even need a word for it . 
  after all most people do n't go around calling themselves ` non-golfers ' . 
  the new left propagates some kind of post-modern anarcho mumbo jumbo while the old left is , as you are rightly pointing out , occupied with communist apologetics . 
  there are no liberal-leftists or internationalists any more . 
  the left has a huge ideological problem . 
  yes it does matter . 
  it is in genscher 's own biography . 
  i 'll quote it to you later if i find the specific part again . 
  he literally says that they avoided the term `` friedensvertrag '' because it would have led to renegotiation of the reparations . 
  because they did n't call it a `` peace treaty '' but a `` 2 +4 '' treaty . 
  the whole trick was literally to change one word . 
  it is the very definition of weaseling out, 
  j'ai oubli\u00e9 mes devoirs \u00e0 la maison do n't blame me , it 's the only sentence i can remember : (, 
  yeah , that 's a tough one ... 
  you 'll not knock off our hat !, 
  if a political party undermines basic democratic or constitutional principles , yes they can and should be banned . 
  the first article of our constitution states `` the dignity of human life is inviolable '' , which entails equal rights , equal treatment before the law and treating other people with a minimum of respect independent of race , ethnicity or gender . 
  i am very sceptic that the npd genuinely supports this , given their political platform , their entanglement with violent groups , racists and god knows what people that fall into the same category . 
  it probably would n't stop because people would probably still try to flee from a continent they have no future on , regardless the risk . 
  they already fear that they could die any it has n't stopped them . 
  we could also just create legal ways for refugees to get here . 
  last year 500k refugees got to europe . 
  that 's one refugee per thousand european citizens . 
  the most right wing party in germany has said that they 'd be willing to accept one refugee per two-hundred citizens , just to put things in context . 
  i only eat the eggshell . 
  everybody knows it 's the most delicious part !, 
  that bielefeld does not exist . 
  i 'd guess one reason is the economical drainage of these regions during ussr rule . 
  collectivization hurt them pretty badly . 
  some countries like latvia , estonia or georgia are still performing better than eu average though . 
  the soviet union heavily emphasized the guarantee to grant everybody access to all educational facilities as one of the goals of socialism . 
  this was true for women , too which also explains why russia ranks pretty high when it comes to women in leadership positions . 
  ( was on the frontpage a few weeks ago , if i remember correctly ), 
  it is , what finland is often commended for is its primary and secondary education system and its great pisa results . 
  not very prevalent , france has comparatively few obese people . 
  who exactly promotes obesity in france ? 
   if you 're not smart enough to follow what i 'm saying then i do n't think we have any business talking . 
  you 're mixing up erdogan , saudi-arabia , western european muslims and isis in a four paragraph post . 
  you are just throwing shit with the hope that something sticks . 
  no way to have a reasonable discussion . 
  i made clear that i talked about the historical reason for the symbol , which originated in very patriarchal society . 
  it 's a religious symbol , do n't be surprised that it draws from historical religious context , that 's kind of what religious symbols are all about . 
  also the majority of muslim women in europe are not forced to wear a headscarf ( because many third generation immigrants tend to be more religious than their parents or grandparents in general ) , feel free to prove me wrong on that statement . 
  sorry , but we are still talking about headscarfs and similar clothing , right ? 
  in which way is that a symbol of extremism or wahhabism ? 
  oh and turkish immigrants in germany and other muslim immigrants in europe have reached the 21st century very well , no reason for you to get overly scared . 
  and if you want to continue this discussion please make a concrete point , this political scaremongering does n't lead anywhere . 
  the point is stupid to begin with . 
  traditionally female muslim attire like the headscarf has been used to `` desexualize '' women in a time in which women were objected to attacks because of their gender . 
  the logic thousand years was basically `` if she hides her attractiveness , she can move more freely '' . 
  it 's a very ambiguous symbol . 
  especially for that reason it has become popular among third generation musllim girls whose parents are n't even very religious . 
  for them it 's not a symbol of oppression but a type of counterweight to other girls running around in a miniskirt in 8th class . 
  it 's a symbol of identification and an rebellious act against modern culture . 
  and even if we assume that it would be a symbol of oppression , there is a whole lot of difference if it is displayed by an aggressor or by a victim . 
  it 's funny that predominantly white male christians are trying to lecture female muslims on what they have to wear and think this is ` fighting discrimination ' . 
  well in germany classical leftist ideas had never much appeal because of gdr experiences , so the few genuinely socialist people are mostly gdr apologists and not taken very serious by the rest . 
  the social-democratic party has long departed from socialist ideas anyway . 
  from what i hear in eastern europe this trend is even stronger because of direct soviet rule , and as i said before in southern europe the left seems to have turned into a melting pot for protest movements . 
  so yeah i guess the netherlands could be a special case if orthodox marxist/socialist thought is still popular . 
  so women have to look appealing to men now or else they have no place in europe ? 
  that 's certainly a very interesting definition of gender equality . 
  yeah because we certainly have n't a billion people here everyday blabbering about how awful headscarfs or any other random muslim attire is . 
  we need more of that, 
  i 'd argue it 's caused by the right because the left is not really intrinsically motivated . 
  all the ` new left ' movements like syriza , podemos or activists like occupy or the antifa are basically just rebellious youngsters . 
  they hate the banking system . 
  they hate right-wingers , lobby groups , throw some conspiracy in or what have you . 
  they 're definitely not academic marxists or feminists , multiculturalists or in any way ideologically driven . 
  ( especially the french left is increasingly borrowing ideas like ` ethnic pluralism ' from the right ) they 're bascially just angry about the development of the opposite political spectrum which can be divided into a ignorant right-wing working class and the political bureaucratic establishment . 
  would you just have sent the troops in or would you have signed up yourself ? 
   talking about cultural relativism : i really wonder why it gained so much appeal in certain circles in the past years . 
  it is completely ok - if not obligatory - to understand the culture you are criticizing to a certain extent , but that should not necessarily lead to agreement , unnecessary courtesy or even undeserved respect . 
  because populism or even racism under the guise of `` euroscepticism '' \u00b4 and similar terminology has been the tool of choice of europe 's political right , which has lead to an overreaction on the political left so that the discussion on these topics you mentioned can not be held on neutral ground . 
  given the fact that women voting rights in the western world are only about 100 years old and slavery and colonialism were still around pretty much anybody held terrible views in the 19th century . 
  it does n't make much sense to judge bismarck out of context . 
  how is secession limiting power of big countries ? 
  the only countries that have separatist movements at the moment are countries whose interests are already being neglected . 
  yes the process of balkanization , it has never gone wrong on this continent . 
  oh wait , it was really terrible * every single time * it happened .
