  it 's populism and horseshoe theory at work . 
  there 's heavy anti-semitism , anti-globalisation and almost conspiratory stuff in the contemporary left , and these are ironically all classical right-wing tropes . 
  try to find me a young trotskyite anywhere , i wish you good luck, 
   if you 're socialist and fairly liberally minded but do n't want huge immigration to your country ... then you 're not a fairly liberally minded socialist . 
  being liberally minded would mean you accept the core tenets of liberalism , free migration being one of them . 
  exemplified by the german * die linke * who has lost more votes to the afd than any other party ( relatively ) , and by the ` new left ' and their perpetual lamentation over liberalism . 
  given how little attention we have been paying to the systemic issue of rape , yes . 
  now suddenly every white german swings into the discussion on his rope like tarzan trying to save all the girls . 
  would have been a good idea to start doing that 40 years ago . 
  why are you so upset, 
  pay attention to what i write . 
  i said that it is a long standing issue , replace octoberfest with carnival if you like . 
  rape and sexual assault did n't just start occurring five years ago . 
   because if these had of been gangs of white german men no-one would have taken any notice ... / s it 's true though . 
  ask any women visiting the oktoborfest how often she 's being groped . 
  women have been pointing this out for god knows how long . 
  the only thing people are being upset about at the moment is that they want to molest ` their women ' themselves . 
  four out of five women who become the victim of sexual assault know the perpetrator . 
  china is actually considered to be state capitalist , it makes no sense to think of china as communist , i also do n't think they seriously pretend to bet that any more . 
  as a resident of cologne i have to disagree . 
  the police is actually at fault as well . 
  they are notoriously unable to handle any kind of riot that exceeds a dozen people . 
  about a year ago right-wing hooligans and salafists were going at it for hours and pillaged through the city . 
  i do n't know why you would automatically shift all the responsibility on the politicians . 
  it 's also not always an issue of being understaffed . 
  on new years eve there were plenty of police forces at the central train station . 
  they simply did n't intervene and they could at least have arrested individual suspects . 
  sorry but are you referring to the fact that america 's immigration rate plummeted drastically during the late 20 's 30 's and 40 's ? 
  that was a result of world war 2 and its prelude the global depression , are you interested to implement wartime policies right now ? 
  with the exception of those two decades the united states has historically been the most popular destination for immigrants without quotas or such nonsense and it 's arguably what has made it the most powerful country in history . 
  not to mention that the quite racist immigration act in the twenties primarily served the purpose to limit asian immigration , ironically the now most successful minority in the united states , at least by economic indicators . 
  turns out you ought to be careful who you discriminate against . 
  which pre 1965 immigration policy ? 
  the us immigration policy right now is infinitely harsher than it ever was in history . 
  it 's a nightmare right now to immigrate to the us . 
  i mean you could have summed that up as `` ermahgerd non-white people '' instead of writing that wall of text . 
  also people said that stuff during the eugenics boom in the us in in the early 20th century and guess what you are now the sole superpower on this planet and not a failed civilization , funny how that goes right, 
  i know that r/europe is going to eat this up , but pay attention that this guy is a member of the ifo institute , a very conservative think tank , the same institute that regularly preaches monetary politics from outer space . 
  there are differing economic opinions on this specific issue and the ifo institute is not in line at all with general economic consensus on pretty much any issue . 
   but that they merely happened to be catholic instead . 
  and furthermore , the intellectual veracity and usefulness of scientology and abrahamic religion is exactly the same , namely void . 
  i 'll accept your offer to not pursue this further because that stuff really rustles my jimmies, 
  well sure time is n't actually an argument in itself , but it 's a pretty good indicator , unless some true prophet tomorrow founds the one true religion and we all recognize it . 
  obviously the core thing that distinguishes a genuine religion from some kind of cult or scam is its intellectual tradition and whether it has its members best interest at heart . 
  the christian churches have augustine and leibnitz , scientology has tom cruise and i very much doubt that they 're going to produce the next ibn rushd ... 
  what ? 
  i 'm fine with distinguishing what a genuine religious tradition is and what is n't . 
  just as i 'm fine distinguishing between authentic business and an offshore company . 
  the equal principle dictates , `` treat equal things equally '' , not `` treat everything equally just because it calls itself a religion '', 
  if they get a few million followers and establish some kind of serious tradition , sure . 
  by definition of what a tradition is that 's probably going to take a few centuries though . 
  the union is supposed to be mutually beneficial . 
  why would 28 countries join a union that is supposed to primarily benefit the united kingdom . 
  you know , that 's the whole point of unions , mutual responsibility and so on . 
  the money is n't worth giving up fundamental freedoms of the european union . 
  a few billion bucks can be compensated for , creating barriers inside the european union ca n't . 
  i was n't trying to make russians in germany look bad , i know that most of them are perfectly nice people , i just wanted to make clear that every sufficiently large group of immigrants has their own substantial problems , as has the native population . 
  that 's not an argument for or against anything , and everybody who singles one group out probably has an axe to grind . 
  well i thought you were referring to turks because they 're the usual group that is being accused of ` failed integration ' . 
  other middle-eastern immigrants are actually quite well integrated in germany . 
  if we 're going by education , iranians are the best scoring minority in germany with over 50 % having finished tertiary education , which is almost twice as high as the `` native '' population . 
  what the heck has that to do with europe , obviously islamic holy days are holy days in goddamn saudi-arabia . 
  jesus christ mr. willypete, 
  nope , they are recognized holidays/restdays by the government in pretty much all european countries , hence exists very strict work regulation on sundays . 
  those are n't recognized holidays though . 
  yes there are problems with second generation eastern european immigrants . 
  organized crime in big cities is dominated by eastern european gangs , drug and human trafficking especially ( not surprising as eastern europe is the predominant source of drugs flowing into western europe , meth especially ) . 
  this by the way is n't an argument against immigration from the ex-soviet states or immigration in general , the `` everybody is integrated but the turks '' narrative is just incredibly silly . 
  every huge community of millions of people is going to have their problems , no reason to make blanket statements and harbor prejudice against individuals . 
  or you can just look at the forced prostitution situation in brothels . 
  the overwhelming majority of the girls being eastern europeans working under very questionable circumstances often coming here through organized channels . 
  it 's absolutely ridiculous to act like the turkish community is the only one having systemic problems . 
  italian organized crime is also very much alive in the southern states . 
  bavaria has a pretty big problem with the ` ndrangheta and several other italian cartels . 
  thought the same thing . 
  just a knife and a fake vest seems weird for an actual terrorist . 
  maybe the guy was psychotic or something . 
  well yes , christian-judaic then , the point still being that everybody is still enjoying plenty of religious holidays every year already . 
  uhm you are aware that not working on sundays is a christian tradition that is protected in almost any european country , that makes 52 christian holidays per year for everybody . 
  thanks yahweh i guess, 
  then just move all exams out of the ramadan time and i guess the secular kids will be happy as well . 
  even if you accommodate for every abrahamitic celebration you probably still have ten months left to test people . 
  worth it with a vpn . 
  the number of shows available outside the us and uk is really lackluster . 
  ( although it has gotten a little better ), 
  michael sandel has written about this development in the great book * the moral limits of markets * . 
  everything is being commodified . 
  rights are only granted to you if you can afford them , immigration is purely being reduced to an economic calculation and every service whose value ca n't be expressed in $ $ $ is considered to be worthless . 
  you can be a native born citizen who is the manager of a company that pumps waste into your local river and you 'll have access to every liberty available , but god forbid you 're a charity worker or just some immigrant who wants to work his way up . 
  it 's shameful really . 
  but they 're usually minimally staffed . 
  news that require research and fact checking will take a day or two over holidays . 
  there 's no reason to believe that there is some conspiracy going on . 
  no , it 's actually very sane in any justice system that operates on `` innocent until proven guilty '' . 
  the police force is not supposed to be prejudiced . 
  being objective on every single case they handle is arguably their most important job . 
  [ the good lady here is blindfolded for a reason ] ( http://g.cdn.ecn.cl/temas-legales/files/2012/10/justicia-civil-p.jpg ), 
   how can it not matter where someone comes from , if people who come from that place commit more crimes than others ? 
  first off , that 's an assertion , secondly we judge people on an individual basis , and do n't hand out collective punishment . 
  as to why we do n't do profiling you have answered the question yourself by pointing towards the us justice system .
