  journalists working for newspapers do n't just log into their private account and post stuff to their newspaper 's website . 
  there is an editorial process taking place before stuff gets published . 
  every big media outlet in germany is reporting on it right now . 
  and pretty much every affected group of authorities has responded to it . 
  this subreddit also is n't censoring anything . 
  i do n't know how old you are , but the reaction to the refugee situation in the early 90 's was exactly the same . 
  we are not in a state of emergency , the world is n't going to end . 
  i do n't think there 's anything wrong with increasing the strength and presence of the police force . 
  an open society can only work if it is secure . 
  people saying that this is new in cologne are also confusing me a bit . 
  i live in cologne and the police not responding adequately to situations like this is a well known phenomenon here . 
  last year we had dozens of injured police officers after a giant mob of football hooligans and neo-nazis [ clashed with salafists ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/cologne-hooligan-riot-alleged-neo-nazis-clash-german-police-anti-salafism-demonstration-1713920 ) , and the police had a hard time controlling the situation . 
  it rubs me the wrong way how people are insrumentalizing this newest situation for their political agenda . 
  it 's first and foremost a security issue . 
  it exists in european jurisprudence for a long time and is well defined , please keep that in mind when discussing european politics . 
  it is not arbitrary , it is not being redefined all the time , we are living in states of law . 
  you are right about many things except for the fact that this is a new phenomenon in germany . 
  these exact same things happened in the 60 's when we absorbed millions of guest workers , they happened in the 90 's when hundreds of thousands of eastern european 's fled the war which later culminated in the [ rostock-lichtenhagen riots ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rostock-lichtenhagen_riots ) , and these clashes always come up sporadically . 
  what 's new is that we have a hundred times as many cameras on every single one of those situations . 
  there will always be conflict when societies change and it has always been that way . 
  it will work itself out eventually . 
   well what if i were to insult nymphomaniac transsexual black homos ? 
  well then in pretty much all european nations you 'd be committing an offense and could be sued by the person you happened to insult . 
  human dignity is a collection of inalienable rights that an individual possesses simply by the virtue of being human . 
  it defines their right to physical and psychological integrity and protects them from attacks based on who they are as a human being , both verbally and physical . 
  yes , the first to cases would probably fall into the category . 
  the third one is n't an attack on the person itself as long as you do n't attack their sexual orientation i guess , so that one probably would n't . 
  a comment does n't necessarily to be racist to fall below the guidelines . 
  most of the comments i have seen regarding this news on several news sources were so far away from anything that resembles a civil discussion that it made little sense to leave the comments open . 
  i 'd define a hate comment as one that attacks someone 's nationality , ethnicity , sexual orientation and so on , or incites and promotes violence or makes threats against individuals or groups of people or in some comparable way attacks their human dignity . 
  because the comments on those topics are usually full of hate-stuff and below the already low quality standard of the comment section . 
  first off that 's not a matter of debate , but just a myth , the who has a nice write-up on [ refugees and diseases ] ( http://www.euro.who.int/en/health-topics/health-determinants/migration-and-health/migrant-health-in-the-european-region/migration-and-health-key-issues#292117 ) , bottom line there is no systemic threat and health organizations are well prepared . 
   [ ... ] the risk for importation of exotic and rare infectious agents into europe , such as ebola , marburg and lassa viruses or middle east respiratory syndrome ( mers ) , is extremely low . 
  experience has shown that , when importation occurs , it involves regular travellers , tourists or health care workers rather than refugees or migrants . [ ... ], 
  secondly the imagery conjured up by such accusations does invoke old [ anti-semitic tropes ] ( http://www.chabad.org/library/article_cdo/aid/2617031/jewish/10-anti-semitic-myths.htm ) that were heavily utilized by the nazis . 
  `` the jews have polluted blood , the jews are carrying fleas '' and so on . 
  so yeah digging up the stereotype of foreigners carrying dangerous , alien diseases does n't exactly help . 
  has n't necessarily to do anything with romanticism . 
  conscription in germany always was centered around the idea of the * citizen in uniform * , the idea being to keep checks and balances in the military and to stop it from either developing a mind of its own or it devolving into a group of paid mercenaries . 
  for the citizens on the other hand both civil service ( which should always be an option ) and the military training are good ways to teach young adults some responsibility . 
   sorry but all those services obviously add something most customer strive for in other markets , namely either in convience , price or quality . 
  *** consumers also are workers *** , giving up essential labour rights for shitty consumer convenience is an awful trade.some people seem to forget that they have to earn the money that they spend . 
  that is what the majority of germans luckily still understand , and that is why we 're hopefully going to continue to resist companies that are trying to undermine their employee 's rights . 
  that would undermine the whole idea of uber . 
  their business model differs from a traditional taxi company only in the way that they do treat their * de-facto * employees like self-employed individuals , thus circumventing all the nasty responsibilities that usually come with employing people . 
  yes , we make deals with shady nations , dictatorships and scrupulous actors all the time , russia probably not even being the worst offender on the list . 
  all countries do . 
   by what right do you definte feminist as `` examining the conflict between genders '' retroactively applying it to all timeframes and variations of feminism ? 
  by reading more about feminism than the first paragraph of wikipedia or the dictionary and using my head . 
  feminism is n't merely the assertion that women ought to be treated equally . 
  there are plenty of people around who do not consider themselves feminists and would agree with that statement . 
  believing that workers ought to be compensated fairly does n't make you a socialist either , and believing that black people ought to have the same rights as other people does n't automatically turn you into a civil rights activist . 
  reducing feminism to the issue of equality renders the whole term obsolete , you can count the number of people with explicitly anti-egalitarian views on one hand . 
  there is a misunderstanding on the internet about what feminism is , and a lot of people on reddit like to characterize second wave feminism as `` everybody deserves to be treated equally ! '', 
  and then they contrast that with some alleged modern version of feminism that `` hates men '' . 
  but that is wrong on both counts . 
  egalitarianism just says `` i want that everybody is treated equally , and every person is worth equally much ! '', 
  that is sensible enough but it 's also an absolutely generic statement that all kinds of people would agree with . 
  feminism , no matter of what kind , looks at the world and especially at the situation of women by examining the conflict between the genders . 
  simone de beauvoir did this , schwarzer does this , modern feminists do it . 
  none of them reduce any issue to `` everybody is equal and everybody should be happy '' . 
  sommers or paglia are n't feminists at all , they disagree with almost any tenet of feminism or often even turn them around , paglia for example falling back to some form of biologism that even non-feminists would reject . 
  they say something incredibly controversial to make people angry , then wait until they get hit with criticism , then they play the underdog and sell their newest book . 
  sorry , what is unclear to you ? 
  feminism is n't egalitarianism . 
  ideologies are lenses through which you look at the world from a specific point of view with a specific set of tools . 
  feminists try to interpret the world by looking at it from a perspective of gender disparity , marxists by class , conservatives by religion and traditional norms . 
  egalitarianism in that sense is n't a defined ideology at all . 
  also christina sommers is the equivalent of post 2000 hitchens . 
  she 's about as much of a feminist as hitchens was a progressive when he defended george bush . 
  when thatcher governed he was practically a communist , a few decades later he had to be waterboarded to convince himself that this should n't be done to prisoners . 
  they were professional contrarians . 
  i did n't contradict that statement , but i also do n't see how this is relevant . 
  i always love how immigration seems to bring out the inner feminist in our conservatives . 
  as recently as 1997 ( ! ), 
  the women in our parliament had to fight for legislation to recognize rape in marrriages , which up to that point did not legally exist against the opposition of the cdu/csu . 
  today you see the same people voting against this citing women like schwarzer when it comes to scary young men entering our country . 
  what a time to be alive . 
  remembers me of of the good chunk of feminists groups that turned hawkish and supported the iraq war . 
  you can actually turn that function off . 
  option --  advanced --  uncheck `` enable anonymous user statistics '' . 
  for me it works better than other extensions , all the other wants seemed to zoom over icons and so on . 
  you are saying this as if it is a bad thing, 
  because what we 've been doing until now reduced euroscepticism in poland, 
  exactly , you have to love how they shoved the ` subtle ' nazi hint in there , as if a gas deal between russia and germany is the extension of molotov-ribbentrop . 
  ukraine is n't actually part of the european union , and having gas transports through a highly volatile political region is detrimental to european energy security , not just germany 's . 
  i think merkel has actually improved somewhat . 
  she 's not an emotional speaker but she 's usually absolutely stoic in any discussion which tends to work for her . 
  she 's also had some genuine moments and has shown quite a lot of conviction in recent times . 
  might just be a preference though , i usually ca n't stand all the kicking and screaming that most politicians tend to fall into . 
  well in good german tradition our subreddits seem to be divided : (, 
  if you want to live longer you must not spill it !, 
  yes , but how is that relevant . 
  what does instituting an `` upper limit '' achieve ? 
  let 's say you have reached your upper limit and five thousand people stand at the austrian-german border and wo n't go away , what do you do ? 
   the upper limit would restore the trust in the social structure . 
  how ? 
  let 's make a practical example . 
  let 's say that the `` upper limit '' is reached . 
  no you still have 5000 people standing at the austrian-german border .
