  the terrorism we see in europe all the time is * created in europe * those people are born here , their families have immigrated long time ago and they 've lived in the banlieues for decades . 
  that should have been the focus , what we have done wrong in the past in regards to integration , what 's wrong with how we have parallel societies in the middle of our cities and how this can be solved . 
  reducing this to a problem of `` terror cells '' and foreign wars is the wrong impulse to send and i assume it was done purely for political reasons . 
  if i 'd switch my flair right now i could bring your whole empire down !, 
  the power is tempting ... 
  i do n't know that , but if we are unable to stop the terrorists who quite literally announce their intentions through public channels ( the head behind the paris attacks [ stated that he 's going to commit acts of terror in what is basically isis ` lifestyle ' magazine a few months ago ] ( http://static2.businessinsider.de/image/5649fee5dd0895a21d8b45ba-787-919/screenshot%202015-11-16%2008.54.08.png ) ) , what is the merit of collecting even more data ? 
  the actual goal is to stop terrorist attacks . 
  to do that we apparently need more personnel , better traditional police work and observation . 
  how are people , who we know have been to syria , able to get their hands on large amounts of automatic weapons undetected ? 
  until this is not solved , what makes anybody think that reading more whatsapp chats will prevent real attacks ? 
  french energy security is largely provided by nuclear sources and it 's imports from saudi arabia are almost negligible . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.iea.org/publications/freepublications/publication/france_oil_security_chapter_2012.pdf ) france is cooperating with sa for geopolitical , not resource reasons . 
  this is true for the west in general by the way , we barely buy any sa oil . 
   so we should also move frankfurt 's central bank ... to brussels  ? 
  well if it makes europe 's monetary policy less german then by all means go for it , what we 're advocating here borders on shamanism . 
  i 'm pretty confident that getting any economic institution as far away form hans werner sinn both politically and geographically is a good decision, 
  so we ca n't find the needle in a haystack and the political answer is to produce more hay !, 
  brilliant !, 
  you have to define what you mean by corruption . 
  if you mean everyday business shadiness , sure it 's still rampant , we 're talking about russia here not norway . 
  but in the context of corruption as something that cripples the political process , state institutions losing the grip over the country and so on russia is considerable less corrupt than it was 15 years ago . 
  on the contrary , the russian state seems to have an incredible grip over russian society at the moment and is effective to a somewhat frightening degree . 
  during the early 2000 's russia was practically irrelevant on the international stage , today russia is pressing issues in the middle-east as well as in ukraine and is pretty much back as a world power . 
  to speak of corruption in that sense is definitely wrong , the russian state has consolidated incredibly fast over the last few years . 
  that 's just a ridiculous narrative . 
  during putin 's first premiership wages tripled in russia and poverty was halved . 
  you do n't need to like the guy , but that 's what happened . 
  moscow 's business elite and intelligentsia is n't very fond of putin , nationalism is bad for business . 
  why do you think putin enjoys broad support from the population ? 
  because he robs them ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  oligarchy implies disfunctionality . 
  russia is n't disfunctional at all . 
  the foreign policy goals do not align with what an oligarchy would do . 
  they 'd try to maximize profits for the upper class , while putin 's aggressive course is doing the opposite . 
  oligarchs want good international relations because that 's what they make profits from . 
  russia 's course of re-nationalization is directly hurting business elites . 
  with all the things you can accuse putin of , which are a lot his somewhat zealous nationalism has actually increased the living standard among the lower social strata quite a lot , hence his popularity . 
  in russia it was yeltsin 's liberalism of the 90 's that robbed the population and wrecked the country 's economy . 
  it 's just not accurate to describe putin as corrupt in this context . 
  most of russia 's oligarchs are in prison right now and companies have been heavily nationalized over the recent years . 
  i feel so encircled , we might need more space !, 
  yes you can , cultural criticism employing marxist principles exists , but ` cultural marxism ' like used on the internet refers to a conspiracy theory . 
  just like you can be a jew and a bolshevist does n't change the fact that ` jewish bolshevism ' is a conspiracy theory too . 
  no one implied that and it would n't be the case . 
  isis command structure is made up of saddam 's old military which is ba'athist , which is a socialist secular movement . 
  isis is cosplaying , stop repeating the silly reddit memes . 
  the underlying ideology here is aggressive nationalist pan-arabism , which at it 's core is a copy of european romantic fascism . 
  the opponents to this ideology have historically been france , the united kingdom with the support of the house of saud , who stabbed the original arab revolt in the back . 
  so isis and saudi arabia 's political interests are diametrically at odds . 
  you guys could do me all a favor if you 'd stop repeating the same nonsense about `` wahhabism '' because it 's literally the only word you 've picked up in the context of this conflict . 
  it makes no sense , use your heads . 
  i do n't think it would be wise to put boots on the ground independently without coordination , and unilateral military action does n't exactly enjoy great popularity in germany . 
  nato still cooperates with russia on several issues , including the two most important one 's at the moment , global terrorism and syria . 
  [ here 's another one ] ( http://pensetouseul.e.p.f.unblog.fr/files/2013/09/capture-plein-ecran-24092013-184533.bmp.jpg ) , does n't look much different, 
  unity as in `` an existing social fabric and trust among each other '' not as in racist imperialism , but you obviously had to go there . 
  well i do n't know why we ought to have `` true free speech '' . 
  free speech is n't a deity , it 's being weight against other principles like any other thing in our society . 
  i ca n't respond to the rest of the post , i ca n't make sense of the connection between monarchy , weapon exports and euthanasia in a single paragraph . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're going to get fined or locked up for such a sign in almost any european country , and if that 's not happening in specific cases it definitely should be enforced . 
  did you actually want to discuss something or did you just want to get that out ? 
  if it ' the former , because speech can translate into action . 
  propaganda is a very powerful tool of getting people to do bad stuff . 
  extremism is fostered in echo chambers were people repeat the kind of stuff dieudonne says ad nauseam until they 're ready to act on it , and at that point hate speech becomes hate in action very fast . 
  also the highest principle in german jurisprudence is human dignity . 
  the state has not only the obligation to protect you from physical harm , but also from attacks on your religion , gender and other core aspects of your personality to make living in a society possible in the first place . 
  a society which is not unified turns violent , you can just look at the united states . 
   dieudonne was once a respectable humorist , but a performance critical of israel on national tv started an escalating ` war ' between him and the jewish community . 
  the more they tried to censor his shows , the more inflamatory he would get . 
  ( and he went pretty far ... )  the ` quenelle ' is a a gesture he made in his shows that mimics inserting one 's arm in a person 's anus up to the elbow . 
  it was used against the government , the rich , the powerful , etc. 
  in the original show it was about dolphins , or some other benign stuff . 
   some jewish associations looking for another reason to ban him then told the press that it was an ` inverted nazi salute ' well that 's putting it mildly . 
  he once dressed as an orthodox jew on television , made the nazi salute and screamed `` israheil '' , invited holocaust deniers onstage , joked around that `` germany should have finished the job in 45 '' , and has tons of `` the jews are running the world '' stuff in his program . 
  he really had it coming . 
  also regarding the quenelle , [ this really looks more like a nazi salute than a fist up your butt ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/dieudonne.jpg ) none of this is criticism , it 's just anti-semitic conspiracy and hate disguised as comedy . 
  if somebody in france would run the same program about muslims he 'd get the same treatment for sure . 
  sure . 
  but that 's an important distinction . 
  * we * are in control of how much damage terrorism does to us . 
  a few thousand terrorists ca n't be an existential threat to 500 million europeans by themselves . 
   terrorism is n't our only problem even if it currently is our biggest one . 
  if we 're talking ` threat to public safety and health ' then terrorism probably would n't make the top 20 . 
  what is his point then ? 
  can you actually assert something instead of saying the word `` imagine '' five-hundred times ? 
  i feel like i 'm talking to a broken john lennon cassette tape, 
  yes , it does imply that . 
  what 's his point then ? 
  what is he trying to say when he says `` rapists do n't look like that '' , referring to himself , in your opinion ? 
  the guy himself says it in his article , by the way :  but do you really think the kind of people who lacks empathy , respect and human decency to the point where they 'd violate someone 's body is really going to turn up to a consent lesson on a university campus ? 
  they wo n't . 
  the only people who 'll turn up will be people who ( surprise , surprise ) already know when it 's okay to shag someone . 
  no new information will be taught or learned . 
  it will just be an echo chamber of people pointing out the obvious and others nodding along , thinking the whole time thinking that they 've saved the world . 
  i was referring to the guy in the article . 
  he said that rapists are not going to go to these seminars , which implies that rape is a problem that does not concern young , hip academia and happens `` out there '' , where unshaven guys in trenchcoats roam the streets , and that is a factually wrong statement . 
  this is actually a very widespread trope , that rape is a crime of the sexually deviant and social outcasts and it is absolutely misleading given the prevalence alone . 
  do n't be intentionally obtuse . 
  his message is simply `` hey look i am a nice guy , student , combed hair and so on i 'm innocent , rapists are the guys who throw women into their car-trunks '' . 
  and that actually is a very problematic statement to make because according to a recent eu survey [ every fifth women has experienced physical or sexual violence and every twentieth women has been raped ] ( http://fra.europa.eu/sites/default/files/fra-2014-vaw-survey-main-results-apr14_en.pdf ) .
