  the problem here is that private companies were trusted with building and maintaining these refugee homes . 
  as we all know privatizing social services will only yield the best results . 
  do i really need to explain to you how immigration of young people benefits our overaging continent ? 
  if you do n't want to be called a racist do n't call immigration `` a war that could last centuries '' , because that sounds like white supremacy crap . 
  what the fuck are you even talking about ? 
  if anything getting some young people on this continent can only be beneficial in the long run . 
  cut your racist bs, 
   better them than us which is a completely made up false dichotomy but given the crap you 're posting here that is n't really surprising, 
  the default subreddits are subreddits that you are automatically ~ ~ described ~ ~ subscribed to right from the start . 
  edit : whoops, 
  plot twist : every single one of them is vladimir putin, 
  assuming nobody is ever insane enough to use them, 
   no , i would wish germany to simply stop impeding the enactment of reasonable and proven anti-crisis policies , the same that have worked in all previous economic downturns yes , like in japan , where monetary policy has proven to be very effective . 
  i 'm not especially pro austerity or anything , but this `` we are the grande nation , do n't tell us what to do ! '', 
  is embarrassing . 
  europe consists of sovereign nations . 
  if the french public believes that the fn is a great party and that protectionism and leaving the eu is the smart thing to do , then go for it , but please do n't blame us if it fails horribly . 
  would n't even help , icbms ca n't really effectively be stopped . 
  yeah i 've played metro , i 'll take the vault , thanks . 
  your definition of terrorism is wrong , because breaking down free societies by instilling fear and panic in a population is what terrorist organisations are all about . 
  you are right though about the fact that terrorism is n't is main goal . 
  it really seems like they 're serious about creating their caliphate shithole , which means that we indeed need to fight and not ignore them . 
  http://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/141067/mitchell-a-orenstein/putins-western-allies http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/mar/31/farage-i-admire-putin http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/04/12/us-ukraine-crisis-le-pen-russia-idusbrea3b09i20140412 europe 's right and russia despise america and europe , because they 're proof that multicultural free societies work , they 're incredibly traditionalistic , nationalistic and homophobic , they also do n't like muslims . 
  they draw their support from the white lower and middle classes where these ideas are incredibly popular . 
  from their idiotic standpoint it makes sense , really . 
  sharing a religion is a little more meaningful than sharing the same skin colour . 
  horrible crimes are being committed in the name of islam , i think it 's warranted that our european muslim organisations clearly condemn the ideology , given the number of european fighters that have joined is . 
  yeah i guess `` no legal code '' was a little exaggerated , but the general point is valid . 
  between democratic countries private and secret courts should be avoided . 
  european tradition has always been that law is a transparent and a public matter , for good reason . 
  these arbitration courts give companies unreasonable leverage over nations and thus are not very popular among the public . 
  that 's exactly why the whole thing is being negotiated the way it is . 
  well which law are they bound to ? 
  the only thing that comes to mind are the contracts between the companies/states of which many are non-disclosed and thus not available to the public . 
  the whole point of a private court is to circumvent public legal procedure . 
  as i said above , because private courts bound to no legal code should n't exist in/between democratic countries . 
  can you stop with the stupid one-liners ? 
  but they should n't and that 's why our government is trying to get them out of ceta and ttip . 
   companies can already sue governments . 
  yes , in front of a public court , bound to codified law . 
  i do n't think arbitration courts for companies exist here . 
  i 'm not even sure if any kind of private court is legal in germany . 
  because companies being able to sue governments in front of secret arbitration courts does n't strike many people here as a very good idea, 
   why the fuck does russia or eu have to win ? 
  ** why ca n't everyone win ? 
  ** only thing russia or eu can win/lose is face and pride . 
  both because russia and its citizens establish all their identity from the fact that they 're the west 's antagonist . 
  obviously russia could join the nato and the eu , but then there 'd be no one left to blame if things go south inside the country . 
  that 's what happens if your country does have a thing for romanticised nationalism and no functioning civil society and middle class . 
   if you are a third generation immigrant that still hates the country that provided education for you , your siblings and your parents i have little sympathy . 
  i 'm actually as white as it gets so no reason to play that card . 
  i have problems figuring out what the rest of your post is supposed to tell me . 
  if you make drinking tons of beer and not being a muslim an integral part of the ` german lifestyle ' then turkish immigrants will have a pretty hard time feeling german . 
  i do n't think strong-arming people out of their cultural heritage is a very nice or smart thing to do , and although some immigrants certainly can be held responsible for having problems with integration , there are also a ton of ` native germans ' that are simply unwilling to embrace other cultures or lifestyles . 
  if people think germany is supposed to look like a giant oktoberfest then by definition a lot of immigrants will have a hard time fitting in . 
  a lot of people do . 
  chances are very high that an `` ethnic german '' will refer to a german with turkish ancestry simply as a turk . 
  in france i 've experienced this even even more extremely . 
  national identity and ethnicity are still very much tied together in europe . 
  you may argue that this is very stupid , and i tend to agree , but to act like people do n't care about ethnicity could n't be farther from the truth . 
  the only country that really works different in that way is the us . 
   a minaret is not a mosque . 
  nobody prays in a minaret . 
  i do know what a minaret is , and most of the time it 's part of a mosque ( and muslims do pray form it , it 's called the [ adhan ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adhan ) ) . 
  the point of the matter is the referendum did tell the muslim minority of switzerland a few things : we do n't want to see your religion practiced in public , we do n't like your culture and we 're going to push as much of it away as is legally possible . 
  it sends a horrible message , the reactions of most muslim communities and international organisations have proven that . 
  it 's also not the only worrisome swiss referendum . 
  the immigration vote a few months ago has sent a similar message to immigrants . 
  visiting mosques and praying together is pretty integral part of the islamic faith and muslim life . 
  ask a few muslims what they think of this ban . 
  banning minarets was a step at pushing islamic life out of the public space . 
  not only should that itself be problematic in a free country , but christians are seemingly treated way more leisurely . 
  i can see that switzerland deemed it valid , because it passed . 
  i still do n't understand why . 
  if you do n't have a religious place to practice your religion i think that pretty much infringes an individuals right to practice their religion . 
  also the un human rights council [ condemned ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federal_popular_initiative_%22against_the_construction_of_minarets%22#official_reactions_of_governments_and_international_bodies ) the vote as ` defamation of religion ' , which probably suggests that the vote is also problematic in regards to international law . 
  and should n't  art . 
  15  2 every person has the right to choose freely their religion or their philosophical convictions , and to profess them alone or in community with others . 
   3 every person has the right to join or to belong to a religious community , and to follow religious teachings . 
  have prevented the minaret vote ? 
  if we hold a vote tomorrow whether we 're going to chop someone 's had off or not i doubt that our country would be more democratic because we 've held a vote . 
  ` democracy ' is n't a mob rule . 
  if countries start to limit the religious freedom of minorities i do n't think that 's very democratic by any sane definition of the word . 
  [ like five days ago ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ukraine/11097614/nato-begins-military-exercises-in-ukraine.html ), 
   right to self determination is a higher good than constitutional clauses that 's kind of a silly statement because the fact that a country has sovereignty over it 's federal states is what makes it a country , and a constitution is a constitution because you ca n't just overrule it if you do n't like it . 
  if you give every region the right to secede you 're not really a real country but a group of de-facto independent states . 
  given the historical track record of balkanization and nationalism along ethnic borders i do n't think international law should put the ` self-determination of the people ' over functioning nation states , even if it sounds nice . 
  ec cards are the same thing as a debit card i guess . 
  regarding credit cards , yeah i personally do n't actually like being in debt , and the debit card is just pretty straight forward . 
  also i do n't know if the point earning thing with credit cards actually exists here . 
  as a college student with little income i do n't even know if i 'd be eligible for a credit card . 
   so to me , the benefits of a credit card far outweigh using cash . 
  what do you like about cash ? 
  i do n't exactly favour cash , but i do prefer using an ec card instead of a credit card , for the exact same reason the article provided . 
  we germans just ca n't stand debt i guess !, 
  with my ec card i ca n't overdraw , i guess if i 'd use a credit card i 'd be tempted to overdraw sooner or later . 
  given the fact that consumer debt is actually really low here i guess that is true to a degree . 
  people should keep in mind though that these tactics are only possible because the russian oligarchs have enriched themselves through decades of political corruption and have shown little empathy towards the public themselves . 
  the rapid re-nationalization is only working because the russian public is insanely sceptical of the economical elite , especially since the jelzin years and the default . 
  i 'm a college student , i only have one room .
