  i ca n't really believe that people eat more goats than chickens though, 
  it kind of describes what happened , the economic situation in greece is a lot worse than the us during the great depression , while not doing anything about the mechanisms that created the imbalances in the first place . 
  no actually not , from the same article :  the icj itself limited the scope of its decision by stating that it `` is not required by the question it has been asked to take a position on whether international law conferred a positive entitlement on kosovo unilaterally to declare its independence or , a fortiori , on whether international law generally confers an entitlement on entities situated within a state unilaterally to break away from it '' this means kosovo could secede unilaterally , not anybody . 
  which actually makes some sense given the unique situation kosovo was in . 
  `` they 're the people who live there '' is not a good reason at all . 
  crazy confederacy nostalgics in the us make the claim on a daily basis . 
  as did the actual confederate states who wanted to secede because they liked slavery very much . 
  whether an independence movement is legitimate obviously depends on many things . 
  are they oppressed ? 
  do they have ties to the region ? 
  do they have some kind of cultural foundation ? 
  can they actually run a state of law ? 
  do they pursue their goals with peacefully ? 
  etc. . 
  and erdogan fears that this will fuel secessionist movements in turkey , as the region in question practically borders turkey . 
  it has happened in the past with kurdish independence ambitions in iraq . 
  well he obviously fears that an independent syrian kurdish state will fuel secessionist movements in turkey . 
  the proposed kurdish state would claim territory that currently belongs to eastern turkey , iraq and syria . 
  if you want to secede , you better have a good reason . 
  you ca n't legally secede from a country without that country 's acknowledgement , as the turkish state is a sovereign entity . 
  if they want their own state they need to make their case , and violence certainly is n't a good start . 
  i do n't know what that is exactly supposed to mean , but there are probably countless secessionist movements going on right now on this planet and just because they 're not getting their will does n't mean they 're being ` owned ' . 
  given the terrorist history of the pkk , how do they constitute a legitimate independence movement ? 
   your article did n't have a source for the ' 3,000,000 german turks being able to vote ' figure that you eluded to . 
  i did n't even say that in my post . 
  read again . 
  200k of those voted for the akp . 
  200k/3000k = ~ 7 % of turkish people in our country / / 14 % of eligible voters that is not a lot , it 's not the majority , it 's not * all * muslims . 
  '' * all * the turks in germany '' ca n't or do n't even vote , and * all * germans definitely did not say that . 
  we have nearly three million people with turkish background here , during the last elections 400k voted ( of 1.5 mil . 
  eligible voters ) . 
  about half of those voted for the akp . 
  which was an exceptionally high vote turnout by the way , the election before that only amounted to 100k votes . 
  i knew it , you were behind it all along, 
  iraq has been bombed to pieces . 
  in syria rebels have been armed , some of them extremists who have now moved over to fight for the is . 
  it 's not really so easy to fight the islamic state while you 're getting the shit bombed out of you by western forces . 
  a large part of isis combatants consists of sunni iraqi ex military who left the country after a repressive shiite government was installed that alienated large parts of the population . 
  [ ... not yet ] ( https://twitter.com/pzfeed/status/614459459209969664 ) secession incoming !, 
  greek debt amounts to about 2 % of the european gdp , and banks have largely been bailed out over the last few years . 
  the ` crash ' if it happens would be political in nature , not economical . 
  there 's no reason to get scared . 
  they 'll not be able to govern in the foreseeable future as the consensus in almost all european countries among the social democratic and conservative parties ( who in most countries enjoy a large majority ) is to not let that happen . 
  just give it five to ten years and when the world has not ended most people will stop being angry at immigrants . 
  the good thing about uneducated populists is that they tend to have notoriously short attention spans . 
  pandering to them wo n't do any good . 
  if they were open to reason they would n't hold the positions they do in the first place . 
  no being scared of imaginary things and agitation is a reason for that rise . 
  right-wing parties are strongest in regions that do not have lots of immigration . 
  well the anti-missile shield stuff is n't so controversial from a military standpoint , as they 're usually considered first-strike enablers rather than defensive systems , because they only `` defend '' if nuclear capabilities have been reduced beforehand . 
  the other stuff is basically just pandering towards the hawkish domestic audience . 
  the thing is that these posts do n't actually add anything to the discussion . 
  i do n't see why we need 20 `` ermahgerd russia '' posts on a daily basis . 
   why is it propaganda ? 
  did they not say these things ? 
  these two things are n't mutually exclusive , you can easily present facts in a misleading way for propaganda effect . 
  that 's usually way more effective than straight out telling nonsense . 
  that business conducted in russia is plagued by corruption and that clientelism exists is beyond doubt , but what has changed over the last 15 years is that it does n't really control politics , domestic or foreign . 
  in oligarchic systems the state usually is dysfunctional , the poor keep getting poorer and it 's usually the urban elite that profits from whatever policies are implemented . 
  the radical opposite is the case right now . 
  that russia is making a geopolitical shift towards china and isolates itself from the west is nothing that business magnates are very exited about . 
  current russian politics is dominated by ideology , not by private interests . 
  these people were critics of putin , but most of them have also gained their fortune by simply ripping off large parts of the population during the late 90 's . 
  now for foreigners that may be irrelevant as they did n't have to live through this , but i guess if you 're a poor russian person who lived through the default it 's pretty understandable why they might be angry at the guys who stole their stuff and like the guy who locked them up, 
  well arrested or in exile . 
  bottom line is they 're being persecuted and their influence is gone while their assets have largely been nationalized . 
  there , i gave you three !, 
  i was n't passing a judgement here , but the characterization of russia as run by oligarchs is simply wrong . 
  russia under yeltzin was run by oligarchs , the government was non-functional , government assets were privatized etc. . countries like china , turkey or russia have over recent years reversed this trend while running pretty heavy anti-corruption campaigns . 
  at the same time all these countries have obviously pursued authoritarian policies and cracked down on dissidents but this is a completely different topic . 
  it makes no sense to convolute the argument by mixing separate topics up . 
  most oligarchs are in prison actually and nationalization of key industries has been going on for a while now . 
  also pensions and wages have increased quite a lot which is one reason why putin has so much support . 
  the country is n't run by oligarchs at the moment . 
  oligarchs do n't implement nationalist policies , it 's bad for business . 
  if greece goes out of the euro uncontrolled pretty much all liquidity will flee the country , there literally would be no currency to pay anything with ( this is n't argentina which kept the currency and could devaluate ) and confidence in the government would be completely gone . 
  this would be a humanitarian crisis and greece would probably need to rely on foreign help for months at least . 
  it does n't have a history of being a secular state , it has a history of being a secular state with a lot of muslims , like most western nations are secular states with a lot of christians . 
  now they may have problems with extremists ( which the article you provided attributes to five sources , religious fundamentalism only being one of them ) , but what do you expect in a developing country with a quarter of a billion citizens . 
  bottom line is that it 's a giant muslim nation that 's doing pretty okay and thus the generalizations you brought forward are downright silly . 
  i like how you straight up ignored the rest of my post , especially the fact that the biggest muslim country on this planet ranks higher than japan . 
  i 'll ask again , what 's that all about ? 
  also , pakistan is poor as fuck . 
   look at the table in this article which shows gender equality by country . 
  what do the bottom countries all have in common ? 
  they 're all poor and war-torn ? 
  well i 'll give you saudi arabia , but on the other hand the biggest muslim nation on this planet , indonesia , with 250 million citizens ranks higher than japan or south korea . 
  was japan recently overtaken by zealous sexist muslims ? 
  if anything that post is evidence that political theory needs an infusion of empirical evidence . 
  the assumption that international relations are a playing field on which national actors always pursue their constituents best interest is at best highly dubious . 
  i 'm curious as to how the two level game theory can explain what the greek government has done over the last five years to their citizens . 
  another point is the depiction of lobbyists as ` benevolent experts ' who also obviously only have the populations best interest at heart . 
  while that is maybe true for some of them , the detrimental impact of lobbying in politics is obvious to everyone who is n't completely blind . 
  the post is pretty much a neo-liberal 's wet dream . 
  politics is conducted privately ( which kind of is the opposite of what modern democracy is supposed to be all about ) because all the ngo 's , lobbyists and corporations only have everybody 's best interest at heart . 
  conveniently enough they also avoided a parliamentary debate about the current state of ttip , which given the growing opposition from pretty much all non-conservative factions would have turned out pretty disastrous . 
  it was some kind of recommendation and debate the parliament was supposed to have so that the commission can move forward . 
  ( the non-elected institution that actually does most of the policy-making ), 
  the european parliament was supposed to vote on it , but the vote was [ `` postponed '' ] ( http://arstechnica.co.uk/tech-policy/2015/06/ttip-dirty-deal-falls-apart-as-eu-debate-and-vote-cancelled/ ) . 
  the european parliament is hardly comparable to the us congress anyway , as it has no right to initiative , which is kind of what parliaments do .
