  yes , yes he is . 
  you must be < 20 if you believe that hallervorden is n't well known, 
  highly speculative , zionism as an ideological movement pre-dates hitler 's rise . 
  aliyah / return to israel is a very old concept in judaism ( and the actual first large scale wave of emigration started in 1882 ) , it 's not just a political reaction to 20th century european events , although of course the persecution and mass murder was the deciding accelerator . 
  either put military on the ground and create some kind of un safe zone and guarantee the safety and/or distribute refugees across europe evenly . 
  there are 500 million europeans , this would n't even be a problem if some nations could get their heads out of their asses, 
  here , these people are stuck elsewhere now and we 're still at twice the refugee rate that we had exactly one year ago this is n't a solution , it 's a beggar-thy-neighbour policy, 
  i 'm pretty sure this is actually the # 1 reason for illegal immigration in the us , more than 500k overstayed last year iirc . 
  got ta build a 10k feet wall around the atlantic !, 
  ( i have no idea how high that actually is ), 
  the advantages for small nations outweigh the negatives by far . 
  access to common market , currency , labour , information and so on . 
  the eu is hugely beneficial economically for the small member states . 
  also the small states still have ways to influence large scale politics , if they stay out they 'll just be irrelevant . 
  it 's like saying saxony would be better off if it secedes from germany . 
  it 's a very bad idea . 
  it 's pretty much just a ` muh sovereignty ' atavism . 
  just look at the dutch and german economy . 
  combined import export between the netherlands and germany nearly equals german - chinese trade volume ( ! ) . 
  you 'd be nuts to leave, 
  you do n't need to be different to experience hostile sentiments . 
  hell ukraine and russia are very similar in many social and cultural aspects and they currently do n't exactly like each other . 
  many japanese probably see russia as an ally of china which impacts their view negatively . 
  yes , russia is a very diverse country but i 'm afraid that the ethnic tensions and suppressions are going to get really bad if the country continues its orthodox course and i think that much of the progress that russia has had regarding especially black russians is owed to soviet internationalism . 
  the situation seems to have gotten pretty bad over recent years . 
  i 'm sorry if i upset the weeaboos but anime does n't equal japan . 
  you ca n't honestly believe that `` it 's in anime ! 11 '' constitutes a serious argument . 
  authoritarianism is n't limited to public institutions . 
  japan 's hierarchical corporatism is scary as fuck . 
  also the first sentence does n't make any sense , a hellhole is a bad place . 
  also japan 's relation to militarism is ambiguous , there are staunchly militaristic people in japan that essentially perceive pacifism as being forced upon them , see japan 's history revisionism . 
   japan is the most impressive of the bunch , because from what i understand , japan and russia have island and other disputes , yet russians view japan as majorly positive . 
  japan shares some broad ideological stuff with russia . 
  very authoritarian , ethno-centric and so on . 
  lgbt rights are an interesting indicator as well with japan being one of the few developed nations that does not protect sexual orientation in civil rights legislation . 
   that 's how the eu works , like it or not . 
  yeah i do n't like it at all actually and it needs to be changed . 
  we need parliamentary majority decisions or the eu is never going to get anything done . 
  well he asked whether the customer is complicit , so i figured he was speaking legally . 
  obviously it 's also unethical to avoid taxes when you know that you 're doing it . 
  in germany buying is illegal as well , \u00a7 256 * stgb * with cigarettes it 's easily identifiable , taxed cigarettes have a tax seal . 
  yes you are actually in fact it 's very illegal and not just for cigarettes, 
   and instead of going after the coercors , they go after the innocent customers . 
  if you 're sleeping with a coerced prostitute you 're pretty far from being the victim . 
  are you seriously going to tell me people who buy sex for 20 bucks on the street are the victims ? 
   should we keep a record of those things which may be lost ? 
  of course . 
  but surely a world in which the boundaries of communication have been minimized is preferable . 
  yeah i do n't get it either . 
  i am happy that i can work and move freely because english has become such a dominant language . 
  well if there is one group of people that is qualified to recover mysterious offshore treasures ... it 's pirates i guess ? 
   what is her fucking gender , huh ? 
  she does not fall into any of your silly made up gender roles . 
  should she get some special pronoun ? 
  well i 'd probably ask them , and they would tell me . 
  having three pronouns seems like the practical solution and no , gender pronouns refer to a persons gender , hence why we address trans * gendered * people with the pronoun they 'd prefer . 
  it 's just a really ignorant statement man , the whole thread reads like / pol / . 
  gender is n't some internet invention , it 's a well established concept . 
  dunno why people need to go over the basics every time this stuff comes up, 
  learning a third pronoun is n't exactly quantum physics . 
  when people get some new rights the old geezers need to adjust , that 's how it works . 
  individual rights are n't a matter of convenience . 
  also addressing transgendered people in neutral fashion is n't ` new ' either and i 'm pretty sure there is no majority opposing it , at least in sweden or comparable countries . 
  apparently ` hen ' is a thing since 1966, 
  well we can change language if people feel that bringing gender into it is unnecessary or inadequate to address someone , and if enough people support it you can do it , why not ? 
  i mean i 'd agree that for me personally it is n't really relevant either , but neither is there a good reason to assume that we ca n't adapt language, 
  you 'd have to leave your parent 's basement first , so probably not . 
  the gender/sex distinction is pretty old and the [ who defines gender as ] ( http://www.who.int/gender-equity-rights/understanding/gender-definition/en/ )  gender ' refers to the socially constructed roles , behaviours , activities , and attributes that a given society considers appropriate for men and women '' and that '' ` masculine ' and ` feminine ' are gender categories so you do n't seem to be up to date on the terminology here, 
  not so extraordinary , unisex fashion/places/names / whatever are a thing , but from what is in the article it 's not clear that the person in question is gender-neutral , just that they do n't identify as male/female, 
  gender identity , not sex, 
  the added value is that public institutions are led by people who come from the same socio-economic and cultural background as many of the citizens who are currently not represented well . 
  this is also part of the competence that an administrator needs to bring to the table . 
  another question , why do you people use throwaway accounts ? 
  to afraid to post on your main account ? 
  it matters that a very diverse city has a very non-diverse administration . 
  it does n't matter whether they 're black or white per se . 
  if 90 % of london 's companies boards were black in a parallel universe people should ask the same question, 
  i dunno , i 'm living a pretty good life . 
  are you going to tell us which glorious place you 're hailing from ? 
  sure it 's possible , but is it happening ? 
  the article mentions that the board has recently scrapped a ` sexual violence ' unit . 
  would that have happened if more women been on the board , in other words people who are more susceptible to sexual attacks than old guys ? 
  what makes you think that , on average , bureaucrats like every other group of individuals are going to be especially altruistic and unbiased ? 
  well , define best suited . 
  as far as * public * institutions are concerned this is not only a question of say economic performance but also simply representation . 
  people want to have their communities reflected in public office . 
  having a completely white police force in a black neighborhood is an extreme example of why ignoring these things can be a bad idea . 
  obviously it 's not so pressing with a transport organisation , but still diversity is important here to see everyone 's interest represented . 
  london is a really diverse city , this should not stop at high level administration . 
  you have read the article right , this is about the * board * of the organisation , not the actual trains or the tube lol, 
  not really as there are not that many none-asians in tokyo , especially compared to london . 
  i really do n't understand what problem people are having with this . 
  arguably public administration should reflect a city 's population , should n't it ? 
  [ everything is a thing ] ( https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=240108029 ), 
  or they 're serving oysters over there , damn bourgeois mods living off the taxpayer 's karma, 
  i was n't trying to conjure up a moral equivalence , i actually stated in my first sentence of the comment chain that lenin used state terror as a weapon . 
  what i did want to point out is that liberation is always violent , political power does grow out of the barrel of a gun , and it is not fair to just brush the russian revolution of as evil in retrospective . 
  the country went from being a peasant agrarian kingdom to a scientific superpower over the course of a few decades . 
  where would the country stand now without it ? 
  also you 're kind of forgetting that the american continent was n't exactly empty when you arrived there ...
