  if we 've done that and if everybody is on board we can move on . 
  you can criticize germany for the slow approach , but i 've actually seen quite some anti-gay sentiment in the us or france that i have n't yet witnessed in germany , despite our legal backwardness . 
  this brute force approach has brought out quite some ugly responses . 
  how does it help anybody if the fn or the rebublicans ( us ) win the next elections and repeal gay rights ? 
  i do n't think we need a culture war at our hands . 
  what have we won if regressive people are still regressive ? 
  passing legislation over the heads of people in the long term will drive political extremists to the top . 
  the fn has successfully campaigned with reactionary visions because a large part of the population feels alienated by the ump . 
  to get back to the topic of the thread , angela merkel knows this . 
  she does not want a force to the right of the cdu leading german politics . 
  she 'd rather wait five or ten years until the general acceptance rises instead of handing the mic over to the populists . 
  this is the smart move to make . 
  i know that the average 20ish activist has no temper for calculated decisions , but i do n't want the afd see winning elections because things like gay marriage drive people away from mainstream conservative parties . 
  conservative people will feel like they 've been trampled over and it will do * nothing * for the actual acceptance of homosexuals in our society . 
  people need to have an actual discussion about what the institution of marriage in our society is , instead of having two camps of people with the one side reducing it to some kind of child-breeding arrangement and the other side turning it into the flag of eternal love . 
  how the issue is being handled at the moment is immature and unproductive . 
  it will not bring society closer together . 
  the government handing you over a paper that you are now `` married '' will change exactly nothing . 
  dude i 'm personally in favor of fucking gay marriage , but this zealous activism that leaves no room for both sides of the spectrum to actually communicate with each other is simply ridiculous . 
  you are not going to get more respect for homosexuals in our society by tramping over everybody else . 
  stop acting like a manchild . 
  conservative people view marriage as a social institution that is supposed to produce offspring , gay people ca n't do that . 
  gay marriage activists see marriage as a symbol for eternal love , justice and everything that is right in this world . 
  if both sides do not talk about this and keep going on with their preconceived notions about what marriage actually is in our society instead of having that discussion , we will not get an inch forward . 
  you are not even interested in any serious discussion are you ? 
  marriage as a religious institution reserved to men and women is completely fine and constitutional , if marriage is treated as a * cultural * institution rather than something that grants exclusive legal benefits . 
  discrimination does destroy lives , but if civil partnerships and marriages will get equal treatment in front of the law , this will not be an issue of discrimination any more , which is what merkel reaffirmed as her goal in the interview . 
  if you think that comparing homosexual people in 2015 germany to the victims of rabid segregationism in the united states is in any way smart or reasonable you need to re-evaluate your life decisions . 
  she has stated that she 's personally `` uncomfortable '' with adoption rights , but if she 's serious about equal treatment in front of the law she has to eliminate that difference . 
  i have the feeling it 's going to go down the [ 08 ' obama route ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6k9ds9wl7u ) and we 'll have equal rights in five years or something . 
  i do n't feel like she has a personal agenda against homosexual people , she 's just cautious about the quite conservative atmosphere in the country and maybe wants to run for yet another term . 
  she stated that she is willing to eliminate all legal differences between civil partnerships and marriages and wants to guarantee equal treatment , so that would obviously include adoption rights . 
  the * bundesverfassungsgericht * has already ruled on successive adoption last year and full adoption rights will probably be granted to civil partnerships in the near future if the past rulings are any indication . 
  in typical merkel fashion she 's probably reluctant to make a move on her own as to not alienate her voterbase or csu partner , but i 'm pretty sure that we 'll have full equality pretty soon . 
  as to the institution of marriage with all its religious connotations being reserved to men and women , i 'm fine with it . 
  as long as the legal situation is resolved that should n't concern anybody and nobody can seriously be surprised that a conservative party would take any other position . 
  no , that 's really not what it means . 
  despite where you stand on the issue of gay marriage , if there is legal equality and the difference between marriage and civil partnerships is only symbolic in nature , you ca n't speak of discrimination in the same sense it is usually used when concerning politics . 
  discrimination is not a synonym for `` making a difference at some point '' , it rather describes not being treated equally in front of the law . 
   do you not understand what a slippery slope is ? 
  it 's the name of a common fallacy which seems to have somehow been ingrained into every american 's dna . 
  not every course of political action will lead to an orwellian nightmare scenario , no it 's not a small step from a checkbox on your router to an absolute police state . 
  you need to take more holidays , it 's the only way we can save the eurozone, 
  sure , if germany wants to make the common currency work we need to reduce our trade surplus to reasonable levels , there really should n't be a debate about this any more . 
  the `` exportweltmeister '' mentality is nothing but 17th century mercantilism and simply idiotic . 
  what he says is actually true for capital intensive end-products that require imported machinery or resources . 
  a stronger currency somewhat offsets the costs of lost competitiveness due to cheaper imports , but it obviously depends on the specific product . 
  in general the statement that the euro is a net benefit for germany holds true , yes . 
  free speech seems to be the answer to every american problem , even if it includes voting pictures of hitler and obese people to the front page of reddit , what a nuanced position . 
  furthermore americans seem to have the tendency to turn privacy into a matter of `` inconvenience , annoyance , or embarrassment '' , when it 's actually a fundamental human right . 
  yeah , they kind of did : http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/07/03/us-eurozone-greece-imf-iduskcn0pd20120150703, 
   among the many events in the past leading up to the crisis which should not have been allowed to transpire , the most detrimental ones occurred under the watch of greek governments , and i see absolutely no accountability from them . 
  the government that was a coalition partner of the established european parties on the eu level . 
  people that merkel and sch\u00e4uble have sat next to for years if not decades . 
  sch\u00e4uble claims syriza is n't trustful ? 
  well who has he negotiated with over the last five years ? 
  why did n't they get anything done ? 
   what would have then kept other countries from trying the same ? 
  nothing , which is good . 
  we need a comprehensive debt renegotiation on this continent , or we 're going bleed our youth dry in the name of `` creditor trust '' before every sane person has emigrated . 
  people from spain are moving to latin america to get work , this is how bad it is . 
  the austerity course has utterly failed . 
  i specified that fn combines * economic * left wing policies with cultural right-wing positions , i do n't know if you read my post at all . 
  probably not , but no one in their right mind would go to war with russia over south ossetia anyway . 
  you can throw your fist into the air and scream `` we 're not going to give up one inch !!! '', 
  but honestly that 's not how this works . 
  also most people in the regions in question seem to support russia or are at least ambiguous about it . 
  and although that is irrelevant from a standpoint of international law , as long as there are no human rights violations military confrontation just for geopolitical reasons seems insane . 
  asia is pretty big fucking market and it 's only going to get bigger in the future . 
  that the west can somehow contain countries like russia by strongarming them borders on megalomania . 
  we 're not going to be the center of the world in the 21st century , simple as that . 
  we 're also not hoping on goodwill , we 're trying to get them back on a european course through diplomacy . 
  this might take 10 or 20 years , but it worked once before , you can ask brandt . 
  most people here do n't believe that opposing russia is going to get us anywhere as they will simply nationalize or pivot to china . 
  russia actually has a fairly huge well trained workforce and a vast amount of resources , it seems unlikely that we 're going to sanction them into submission . 
   you think a tory-led british government would be easier on greece than the german government is now ? 
  looking at how the uk has handled the financial crisis , which was through increased public spending instead of austerity , yes i assume they ` would be easier ' on greece . 
  the us too , for that matter . 
  to the same degree a wife with three children can theoretically leave her abusive husband at any moment . 
  the higher a country 's development ( as measured in gdp/capita ) the higher is the percentage of public spending as part of the gdp . 
  this effect is known as [ wagner 's law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wagner%27s_law ) , is widely observed and pretty much debunks the idea that more developed nations tend to favour the private sector over government spending . 
  the apparent ineffectiveness of the public sector ( because we all know they only drink coffee and leave at 2 pm anyway amirite ) is a myth that has no empirical basis . 
  it 's a cultural idea that is very popular in conservative countries , but there is no evidence that a high public spending quota hampers growth . 
  french left politics always had notions of nationalism . 
  the left-right divide in france is n't clear as even conservative parties in france traditionally favour statist governments . 
  concepts like `` ethnopluralism '' for example , which is pretty much `` racism without race '' is something that french intellectuals have pretty much adopted from the right . 
  trotsky like international communism or liberal socialism has never really been a thing in france . 
  so fn very much is a left-wing party in the sense that they favour socialist economic policies , just with a very unhealthy dose of cultural superiority thrown in . 
  http://i.huffpost.com/gen/3175768/original.jpg ( `` our greeks , approaching a strange nation '' ) remember , this used to be a quality newspaper not too long ago . 
  i think they should 've been . 
  the uk seems to have followed a pretty pragmatical course out of the financial crisis and the eu could need a little more uk at the table . 
  i also do n't expect them to be equally responsible if they do n't want to be . 
  but they should at least be aware of the importance and the benefits of the single market when discussing their role in these crises . 
  i 'm very glad that the uk is a member of the eu and i know that they 're already providing funding . 
  i do n't think anybody expects the uk to go as far taking a leadership role , financially or otherwise . 
  i 'd just like it to stay the way it is and that people inside the uk are conscious about the benefits as well as obligations . 
  sorry i did n't state that clearly . 
  the uk as part of the single market gains benefits , although they are not members of the currency zone . 
  so i think the uk , at least to a certain degree should also be responsible for funding and solidarity inside the eu . 
  norway is an example of a country that reaps in trade agreement benefits but does n't hold any obligations in return , i do n't think that 's very admirable .
