  commercialized surrogacy pretty much begs to be abused and as a consequence should not be legal . 
  i am very glad that it was a pleasurable experience for you and that you decided to do it for altruistic reasons , but you are not the only surrogate mother on this planet . 
  as / u/foobar5678 pointed out below in countries like india surrogate motherhood has become a booming business that exploits the poorest of society . 
  women in developing countries are turned into breeders for affluent first world families . 
  [ the guardian had a piece on it , too ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/feb/20/commercial-surrogacy-wombs-rent-same-sex-pregnancy ) . 
  when it comes to lawmaking we ca n't look at the nice exceptions and shut reality out . 
  surrogacy generally is done for economical reasons to the detriment of women who need the money . 
  and the kids coming out of those marriages are going to pay your pension check , so i would n't be too quick to judge . 
  also married people usually take care of each other which in return lowers the burden of the taxpayer and society . 
  the family as a unit is a huge stabilizing factor of society , it 's not really ` draining ' the taxpayers money at all . 
  i think the well being of the surrogate mother and the child are more important than someone 's wish to have one . 
  if you have medical issues and ca n't have a child that obviously sucks , but i do n't think it legitimises surrogacy motherhood . 
  obviously adoption can take time but having a child is a lifelong decision after all . 
  what 's it about then ? 
  it 's not clear from the poster alone . 
  edit : oh i saw your post above , all right . 
  regarding the second one , i think surrogacy motherhood should definitely not be legal for several reasons . 
  it 's very often an economical top-down decision . 
  richer families will use women in financially precarious situations to give birth to a child . 
  it 's also really questionable what the pregnancy and taking the child away will do to the surrogate mother 's psyche , and also you 're putting the child into a very confusing situation right from the start . 
  if you desperately want a child and ca n't get one , adopt a kid . 
  there are a lot of orphans who 'd like to have a home . 
  i think scandinavia is only famous for its atheists on the internet . 
  personally i feel like people from ex-soviet states have removed religion way more actively from everyday life . 
  appeasement has n't really worked so far, 
  so what ? 
  then we get some more kids which is great , our country is too old anyway . 
   despite that so many people are apparantly feeling troubled about this ` throwaway account ' , i simply judge this post on its contents . 
  the guy even provided a link and refrained from in my eyes unwanted statements , which should be enough . 
  the title is misleading though . 
  there is a big other alternative . 
  create legal ways for migrants to get here . 
  i do n't care if op does n't like it , his title implies that it is n't a solution which is just wrong . 
  the eu had 500k refugees last year , which is one refugee per thousand citizens of the eu . 
  please tell me how that is unsustainable, 
   that does n't mean that their culture was nothing but war good , no one said that prussia was a heavily militarized nation , no historian would ever dispute it . 
  furthermore it laid the ideological foundation for bad things that were to come . 
  a few examples are the promotion of nationalist protestantism over catholicism , a zealous hate for polish culture , a giant bureaucratic and military apparatus and disdain for democracy by leaders like bismarck . 
  you have to be kidding me . 
  the greatest military powers were , throughout history , also cultural and scientific leaders . 
  greece , rome , the ottoman empire , the british empire or even the us today . 
  there were more people than kant in prussia not to mention that militarization in prussia started roughly at the same time as industrialization and under the reign of wilhelm i + ii from 1850/1860 onward , when good old kant was already dead for half a century . 
  you are purposely defining science in such a way that it can never cause harm , which besides stopping the discussion before it begins is also very questionable in itself, 
  but as you are rightly pointing out they hand the profits over to the treasury . 
  it 's not a private for profit bank and that 's what 's relevant here . 
  yes , you can, 
  the 200 million dollar get spend on stuff and the guys working at the tech company have a job . 
  true , but it 's important to understand that there really is no such thing as ` wasting money ' . 
  no matter how uselessly spend , it creates demand which keeps the economy going , even if it does n't increase the quality of live . 
  especially given the european political climate which is dominated by the thought that we can somehow get out of the recession by cutting spending further and further this is important to realize . 
  yes , because it would stimulate aggregate demand . 
  during an economic recession just handing out money would be preferable than austerity measures . 
  i 'd also contest the first part of the post . 
  the cold war was essentially a giant military arms race that has produced tons of civil technology as a by-product . 
  it may not be a very pleasant truth but military strength seems to be among the biggest historical motivators when it comes to technological progress . 
   but i do not want to go on about this thing for too long . 
  i just want to ask you a question : if you think of the people you know around you , would most people agree with my view that you can attack someone on his/her religion ? 
  i really wonder . 
  most people of my age group ( mid-twenties ) certainly seem to support a more ` open ' definition of free-speech as i do , yes . 
  but i do n't really think that this is important . 
  i view the idea of protecting people 's dignity , including religion , as a fundamental right and do n't think that this should be up for vote . 
  also words are important here . 
  attacking or criticising religion is obviously perfectly okay , discriminating or defaming a person on the other hand based on it , from my perspective , is not . 
  this basically boils down to if you think discriminating someone should be a positive right and if you think that a ` right to discrimination ' is worth more than protecting someone 's dignity . 
  to me that seems just absurd . 
  it 's not a relic of the past . 
  it is based on the idea that every human possesses a dignity that , if it is hurt or infringed upon by other people , is punishable by the law . 
  as religion is seen as a key part of a lot of people 's identities , it enjoys that protection , too . 
  just as you ca n't insult someone based on their ethnicity or gender , you ca n't insult them based on their religious affiliation . 
  military spending is n't really ` wasting money ' . 
  it 's a huge catalyst for technological progress and a job creator . 
  the us and china are n't doing anything different ( or any historical empire for that matter ) . 
  having a huge military and performing well as a nation are n't exactly mutually exclusive . 
  my personal experience here in germany is that christians ( as in christians who actually know something about their faith ) are actually much more laid back when it comes to muslim immigrants . 
  the people who seem to be most afraid of muslims are also the people who are most insecure about their own identity , which would also explain why opposition to islam is so big in eastern germany , where the population is largely atheist . 
  the old eastern german generation had to go through re-unification which shook them up , and now they have to go through such a phase again as germany is turning into a multicultural and open society . 
  the younger eastern german generation is economically disadvantaged , distrusts political institutions and because of this is very prone to both right and left-wing populists , both of which oppose immigration for different reasons . 
  could people please stop using that as an argument to invalidate empirical research, 
  yes , 98 % of all german muslims live in west germany . 
  huh , interesting . 
  who gets all the votes in denmark if the conservatives are so weak ? 
  i seriously hope this is not what your mainstream conservative party advertises, 
  hey . . wait a moment , did you steal [ our gate ?!, 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/02/brandenburg_gate_panorama_at_night.jpg ), 
  whataboutism is the silliest word people have ever come up with . 
  interpreting history absoutely depends on the historical context . 
  if we want to understand anything about history we can not apply 21st century standards , it just does n't make any sense . 
   to argue that people should be forced to stay so villages could be kept artificially alive is borderline retarded . 
  good , no one has been arguing that . 
  not everyone who lives in rural areas has the money to move . 
  also people do n't want to leave their friends behind . 
  also the whole country depends on agriculture which is largely backed by rural communities . 
  to argue that everybody should move into some city is ridiculous . 
  i just feel like this topic has lost its connection to reality . 
  for every dozen people i hear complaining about immigration i meet maybe one who has actually had unpleasant experiences with immigrants in his personal life , and i 've not grown up in some affluent neighbourhood in hamburg . 
  people do n't give a shit about statistics when they eat red meat or take a car instead of the bus , but when it comes to immigration suddenly everybody takes a close look at the numbers . 
  the pegida demonstrations in germany are an example of this . 
  of muslims in germany live in west germany . 
  there are no fucking muslims in dresden and still everybody is upset about them . 
  there are probably a hundred problems in eastern germany that are more important than fantasy jihadists,
