  any reasonable definition of the word democracy entails the obligation to follow human rights , not everything is up for vote . 
  if democracy were to be reduced to the ` will of the people ' flogging apostates in saudi-arabia would suddenly become a democratic activity . 
  yes , i agree , i thought that was clear from my post . 
  because the consensus here is so centrist and reasonable lol . 
  john oliver made the mistake of showing that ` the refugees ' actually consist of individual human beings , which really gets in the way of hating people by means of dehumanizing them . 
  yes , how could i possible refute the enlightened and precise statement `` the eu sucks at pretty much all it does '' have you ever bothered to read a piece of european legislation in your life ? 
  if your post would actually contain any content i could start responding to it . 
   \\  erratic anti-eu rambling  \\  calls corbyn a communist  \\  5 day old account checks out, 
  funnily enough so many citizens asked that question that the government was forced to write a response : http://www.aoml.noaa.gov/hrd/tcfaq/c5c.html, 
  what 's that supposed to mean ? 
   what if a right wing person decides criticizing the right is not allowed ? 
  in a society with absolute freedom of speech this is a no-no , that is not allowed freedom of speech limitation does not curtail political debate , it protects human dignity , so if someone would try do do what you are describing it would be considered to be unconstitutional . 
  also obviously freedom of speech can be used to silence criticism . 
  the majority can drown out minority views simply by screaming loud enough . 
  tocqueville understood how radical egalitarianism can devolve into tyranny while travelling through the us 200 years ago . 
  the whole american freedom of speech concept relies on the idea that government authority is the sole source of possible oppression while the glorious people as a collective can never be wrong . 
  nasty things like slavery have led me to the conclusion that a society based on freedom and property is n't necessarily more human than one that values dignity . 
   they will inevitably be used to silence legitimate political speech . 
  when will this happen approximately ? 
  the last time i checked you can have perfectly reasonable political debate on our continent . 
  actually austerity increases your debt burden very much by definition . 
  lets say your gdp is 100 euros and you owe someone 100 euros . 
  your gdp/debt ratio is 1 . 
  you now pay off 20 euros . 
  now your gdp is at 80 , your debt is at 80 . 
  debt ratio still is at 1 , but secondary effects due to spending cuts will reduce your gdp further by a factor  1 . 
  you physically ca n't cut spending and come out with a smaller debt burden , you need to be able to * afford * austerity , which is why no mainstream economist is advocating austerity during recession . 
  i 've studied abroad in switzerland for a year , from my experience that was the general attitude . 
  the only time i 've ever even heard people mentioning guns was when they were talking about military service after which most people seemed to keep theirs . 
  it 's sane because no one in switzerland actually uses those guns . 
  doing away with government monopoly on force gets dangerous when people actually start to use their weapons . 
  if there was significant violent crime or civil unrest everyone being armed to the teeth will turn out very ugly . 
  practically no one in switzerland actually carries guns , if they 'd suspect a home intrusion they 'd call the police , people in switzerland own guns like people own oldtimers , it 's not comparable to a lot of other places . 
  the right way to go about things is to strengthen democratic values and principles in the affected regions . 
  the solution is not to accommodate less refugees or similar populist measures which would probably only reinforce these people 's prejudices . 
  i 'd personally argue they are inclined to have such views because they have been uprooted repeatedly in recent history , especially after the collapse of the gdr and are in somewhat of an identity crisis which naturally makes them suspicious of anything foreign , similar fallback to * v\u00f6lkisch * nationalism can be observed in post-default russia or any other ex soviet country for that matter . 
  and although all these cultural things need to be figured out , setting refugee homes on fire is nothing but politically motivated terrorism , and giving in to these people 's demands is off the table . 
  i already know why they commit arson , because they 're racist pieces of crap . 
  if they are unhappy with our political system they can join a party , participate in civil life , it 's a free country after all . 
  sure it can , that 's what they exist for . 
  we sure as hell are n't going to have our policy making dictated by arsonists . 
   the thing is that even with austerity we are going to bankrupt at one point because the debt is unsustainable * because of * austerity you 're going to go bankrupt . 
  austerity increases the debt burden * by definition * . 
  i 'm sorry for our government forcing silly policies on you . 
  yep it 's ridiculous . 
  we could as well replace traditional medicine with homeopathy while we 're at it . 
  it would make about the same amount of sense . 
  i disagree . 
  take for example the idea of human dignity which is the most important concept in german jurisprudence . 
  one consequence of human dignity being so important is that other rights , including freedom of speech , can be limited . 
  ( hate speech ) . 
  this is something that many people especially younger ones , do n't seem to grasp . 
  given the latest outcry about ` confiscation ' of empty apartments in hamburg it seems like the relationship between private property and the public interest is n't so clear to many people either . 
  ( art 14 , `` property entails obligations , it shall also be used to serve the public good '' ) . 
  no , that is untrue . 
  that is irrelevant . 
  the camp being a worker 's youth camp is the reason for breivik targeting it . 
  this is what makes it political terrorism . 
  he was also not found to be mentally ill , or he would be in a mental-health facility right now . 
  there is actually no need to argue , the courts have already determined this to be the case . 
  you are aware that the kids were part of a social democratic youth group ? 
  he stated himself that this was the motivation for the killing . 
  this was a politically motivated terror attack . 
  sure they do , ever picked up telos over the last few years ? 
  the political ` new-left ' has adopted tons of reactionary shit over the last few decades , especially the french left . 
  ethnopluralism as a concept has been adopted from the new right , homophobic views as homosexuals have inreasingly been accepted into the urban upper middle-class , ` the family ' as a pillar against erosion of values and so on . 
  current left political discourse if full of this stuff . 
  most of the current left has n't read marx or does n't give a crap orthodox marxist thought . 
  find me a trotskyite today please . 
  that depends on the brand of communism actually , the anarcho-left and modern left has actually taken a very reactionary , communal and conspiratorial turn . 
  arguments like `` getting women and minorities into the workforce is a capitalist plot '' , `` the media is conspiring against us '' are actually very common , and ironically , classical right-wing tropes . 
  it 's basically horseshoe-theory at work . 
  the idea of a stateless , classless and genderless ` new world ' socialism/communism is n't that popular anymore . 
  [ france and germany stronk !, 
  that these things are bound to happen if you put hundreds of people into enclosed camps under stressful conditions and that this thread is a place of sadness . 
  i do n't get this argument about historical wife raping at all , do you know what we germans did to the french in very recent history ? 
  ( or any other country in close proximity for that matter ) how long are my fellow french neighbours supposed to hate me ? 
  get over yourself , you 're talking about living humans here , not your historical wife rapists . 
  i really do n't know how you got `` we need to abolish all cars and electricity '' out of my post . 
  the underlying point is that our consumption and lifestyle habits affect our environment * drastically * . 
  and as soon as that happens private matters become public matters . 
  i did not say that you need to become an eco-terrorist or live like a hobbit . 
   yeah , but what if you have to commute to other towns ? 
  . . you would use your car . 
  the article talks about * inner city * traffic . 
  yep , it 's a big problem . 
  people are too convinced that everything that fits into their garage , their fridge or their closet is a private matter regardless of economical , social or environmental effects . 
  we have a big problem as a society if we do n't find a way to get this into people 's heads . 
  to give an example in regards to air pollution [ 200k people in the us died prematurely ] ( http://news.mit.edu/2013/study-air-pollution-causes-200000-early-deaths-each-year-in-the-us-0829 ) due to air pollution , 60k of this can be attributed to car emissions . 
  you can forget about drugs , criminals or terrorists ( or at least move it down your priority list ) what we do to ourselves with our lifestyle choices alone dwarfs most other issues . 
  ... and 14 million people after world war 2 and a re-unification 20 years ago , i do n't know if people have skipped history classes if they think this is the most challenging task for germany in the last 100 years . 
  many things could go wrong , but it 's at least better than installing a secular dictator who 's going to massacre his own population in the foreseeable future . 
  all of them are leaving absolute chaos behind . 
  because it 's based on * v\u00f6lkisch * folklore and connected to talk about the `` degenerate new world '' that has no ethnic basis yada yada yada it 's not only the phrase that 's silly and reactionary it 's the concept that it 's grounded on . 
  it 's used in the same way as jewish bolshevism . 
  every time you hear it you 're also bound to hear how the us and george soros are undermining glorious europe . 
  it 's the complicated version of spelling out ` white genocide ' . 
  glad that we 're past the point of denying that it is in fact just 70 year old anti-semitic propaganda and we 've apparently reached the stage of `` it 's cool '' . 
  and there 's no pendulum swinging . 
  obese men in their parent 's basement are n't actually going to start a revolution .
