  asia contains 60 % of the worlds population . 
  you really have to close your eyes if you think that the west will stay the world 's sole hegemon just because it has been that way since the end of the cold war . 
   there 's nothing wrong with russians being wealthy . 
  targeting russians simply because they have wealth does n't serve any purpose . 
  the sanctions are intended to target putin and his inner circle . 
  unless a russian citizen has a key role in the ongoing aggression towards ukraine , they wo n't be sanctioned . 
  it 's not about hurting russians , it 's about punishing those who are engaged in aggression towards ukraine . 
  but the majority of the russian population supports putin 's course . 
  it 's not like there are two dozen people you remove and everybody is happy again . 
  the sanctions just play into moscow 's narrative of being encircled by enemies . 
  also russia has the ability to nationalize or shift towards china and the other brics countries and is n't as isolated as iran which might make sanctions ineffective medium to long term . 
  i do n't really see how sanctions are a viable strategy by itself . 
  another zero day old account , but oh yeah i forgot , this sub is n't getting brigarded . 
  well if they hand in their passport at the same time while forfeiting all public benefits , of which their are a lot in finland including free healthcare and education , sure . 
  there 's no need for a debate , they 're wrong . 
  they actually know it , too , which is why they are so upset about not being able to post here . 
  if they are all in one place among themselves they notice how insufferable and dense they are . 
   but the solution to an unhealthy limb is n't to cut it off , it 's to cure it ( which is more difficult but preferable ) . 
  nope , whack-a-mole them to death with the glorious banhammer . 
  these people are usually made up of two groups . 
  teens who have somehow bought into the racist narrative and you 'll never convince them otherwise until they grow out of it , or adults who are so zealously convinced of their crap that there 's no hope left anyway . 
  take a lesson from real life politics : appeasing the right never works . 
  centrist parties have done it time over time , it 's hopeless . 
  you just need to show them where the door is and hope for the best . 
  i agree with social housing and big public investment , but everyone will break out in hives if you talk about the government investing some money because of the current political climate . 
  letting private investors do their thing sucks because they 're predominantly going to build housing that the average citizen ca n't afford because of $ $ $ . 
  it died down and that 's a very good thing because the quality of your average immigration thread ranged from people spamming `` cultural enrichment '' racist memes to `` i believe that islam is the root of all evil , and let me tell you why sweden is going to be destroyed ... '' since the megathreads exist there 's much more interesting content on the frontpage and nothing of value was lost . 
  i am aware of the problems of rent controls , but you still have n't told me what the alternative solution is . 
  yes and that 's what the mods of / r/europe have decided to ban , racist and xenophobic crap . 
  if you post something that even has a tiny bit of value i 'm pretty sure they 're not going to delete your post . 
  no , not every opinion is valid . 
  calling people 's subhuman is n't valid , denying the holocaust is n't valid , sorry to bring it to you but there are bullshit opinions and they ruin the fun for everybody . 
  there 's a reason debates are moderated and this ought to extend to internet discussions as well . 
  wow that 's deep man, 
  this is a very good solution , this is n't stormfront . 
  there is unlimited space on the internet . 
  the only reason some people do n't want this to happen is because they actually know how shitty their opinions are and they want to keep annoying sane people . 
  but only a minority of countries even has rent control in their major cities . 
  paris only wants to introduce rent controls * now * , while they already have a big problem of soaring prices and a lack of supply . 
  as the article states prices have increased in paris over the last 10 years without any form of rent control in place , so how can you claim that this is somehow going to solve itself ? 
  yes i know . 
  in a perfect world the government would support affordable housing but as we 've wandered into an era in which any form of government intervention is considered socialism we are left with rent-controls as the only tool to keep cities somewhat affordable for low and medium earners even if it slows down house-building . 
  this has by the way worked in a lot of german cities which in contrast to a lot of their european counterparts have stayed affordable for a broader part of the population . 
   rentals are one example of a perfectly functioning free market . 
  if people are unable to pay their rent they should move out to cheaper cities . 
  so we get gentrified hipster cities and kick the people out that actually made the city worthwhile to live in in the first place ? 
   the governments should only intervene in case of monopolies or when it 's hard for consumers to get full information about the product . 
  neither of those applies here . 
  who says that ? 
  the god of free-market rent design ? 
  i think you can make a pretty good case that cities belong to everybody equally . 
  there is a place for luxurious neighborhoods , but cities should be accessible to people from all walks of life , or are we trying to create fenced neighborhoods and disenfranchised slums like in latin america ? 
   is this supposed to support your argument ? 
  it only contradicts it . 
  the fact that 5 % of requests come from nonmembers of the general public is extremely concerning considering that politicians , media figures , and famous athletes probably make up no more than 1 % of the population . 
  but that argument can be made for any law or mechanism that protects privacy . 
  encrypted services are probably used disproportionally by criminals or terrorists . 
  does this mean we have to follow david cameron 's advice and get rid of them ? 
  if we get rid of any civil law that exists to protect the privacy of citizens but is also abused we wo n't have any privacy left . 
  95 % sounds reasonable enough , no legislation is perfect . 
   and why did the commission give this responsibility to google anyways ? 
  if a decision to reject or accept a request is based on the public interest then surely that is something that should be handled by a court rather than google ? 
  i guess handing the data from google to the government is unnecessary as long as the government beliefs that google complies with the legislation and would probably be a security concern in itself . 
  as long as google complies , which it seems they do , i do n't think there 's need for a government institution . 
  the right to be forgotten addresses search engine results , so the newspaper itself is n't involved at all , but the article will be simply de-listed . 
  but entering the public space should n't mean that you have to forfeit all your privacy rights , it 's not a zoo . 
  your right to data protection should n't stop at your front door . 
  what the ` right to be forgotten ' distinguishes between is not between public or private space , but between socially relevant or irrelevant information . 
  is the information about you in political , historical or criminal interest ? 
  if yes then the law does n't apply . 
  is the information purely personal ? 
  if that 's the case another person has no right to infringe on your privacy without consent . 
  the law is n't supposed to protect polticians , [ and it is n't being used that way ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2015/jul/14/google-accidentally-reveals-right-to-be-forgotten-requests ) . 
  it exists so if you go to the gym and someone puts your ass on the frontpage of reddit without consent you can ask to have that removed . 
  but i do n't think this is a very good thing . 
  that paparazzi/other people can infringe on people 's personal lives and than actually claim ownership of that information , often to monetize it ( which would n't have been possible without the person whose privacy they are invading ) just seems terrible . 
  the information right of companies or strangers should n't be valued higher than the privacy of individuals . 
  it 's just voyeurism and i would n't necessarily say that it is american in the traditional sense . 
  i 'm not a lawyer so i 'll not go into the legal stuff because i do n't understand any of it , but the first part is just puzzling me . 
  you are an american , traditionally the sole purpose of your government was to give individuals the ability to be left the fuck alone and to have control over their property . 
  this is why you have ridiculous gun laws and no id cards . 
  now the right to be forgotten is just the same thing , namely the extension of property rights into the digital sphere . 
  it 's your information , it 's your right to decide what happens to it . 
  your right as an individual to have control over your private information ought to be more important than the right of some stranger to look you up on the internet . 
  it simply boggles my mind how that idea can be foreign to any american , it 's like you guys had too much reality tv over the last thirty years or something and have somehow completely lost any sense of privacy . 
  no , i 'm glad that it exists , too . 
  i do n't know in which world a right to voyeurism trumps an individual 's right to privacy and ownership of their own information . 
  because the spd holds views that makes good relations with france at least a possibility , and sch\u00e4uble / the cdu are pushing for a europe that will drive germany and france apart . 
  the cdu looks at europe as some kind of bureaucratic apparatus , while there 's at least some hope left that a few social democrats have kept their vision . 
  in the long run that is all that really matters . 
  yep she 's a walking infratest dimap poll . 
  that 's actually her biggest problem , she listens too much . 
  yeah sure , we definitely could and should distribute the profits more evenly , much more evenly . 
  but i still think it 's important to note that the amount of freedom for many individuals definitely has increased over time . 
  but what else are we inventing stuff for if not for the other reason that all the other people gain something from it ? 
  technology and machinery is n't social progress in itself . 
  what do we work for as a society if not to grant the maximum amount of people the chance for self-fulfillment ? 
  first off , the overwhelming majority of people who have a lot of money right now are not inventors but people who have inherited a lot of money and use it to make more money . 
  the forbes 500 list is n't full of scientists and engineers . 
  secondly how is it not fair ?
