  funny how foreigners fuel progressive feelings . 
   so many european turks we have 1.5 million turks in germany eligible for vote ( almost three million with at least one parent ) , 500k of them decided to vote ( more than usual ) , about half of those voted for the akp , so effectively ~ 15 % of those with turkish citizenship , or about 7-8 % of the total turkish population . 
  hardly a number to draw conclusions about the demographic . 
  can you make any concrete statement ? 
  i do n't know what part of my post you are even responding to . 
  edit : another alt account , never mind . 
  twins show similarities in certain tests , such as language capabilities or their iq . 
  but an iq test does n't measure a persons personality , it does n't measure their mind or their character , or in other words everything that matters as to how we are judging them as a human . 
  it 's a concept envisioned by people who were obsessed with putting people into hierarchies . 
  a recent computer has [ beaten humans at an iq test ] ( http://www.technologyreview.com/view/538431/deep-learning-machine-beats-humans-in-iq-test/ ) . 
  do i now need to be afraid that my toaster is going to discuss sartre with me ? 
  revisionist historians and adherents of * v\u00f6lkisch * ideologies love to spin this narrative of the third reich as `` just another dictatorship '' that could have happened anywhere , but it could n't be farther from the truth . 
  it already starts with luther , a rabid anti-semite who laid the ground-stone for the devastating ideology in this country , and goes on to nationalism and militarism in the 19th century influenced by protestant and conformist thought . 
  even culturally you can take symbols such as wotan 's spear as a symbol for the constant `` threat from the outside '' that permeated german culture which finally culminated in the * dolchsto\u00dflegende * . 
  wagner obviously also being an antisemite who enjoyed huge popularity among 19th century german nationalists . 
  bismarck 's * kulturkampf * against the polish and internationalist leaning catholics being another example . 
  it all ties together . 
  the degree to which you can trace the thoughts that laid ground for national socialism through german history is almost comedic , to claim otherwise displays either sympathy with * v\u00f6lkisch * ideas or utter ignorance of german history , not that there would be a lack of the latter in our pseudo-enlightened generation . 
  you are paying in health and political costs for the use of conventional energy and cars right now , too . 
  it just does n't happen to show up on your electricity bill . 
  because nuclear energy requires fuel . 
  in the case of hacker and cracker it 's more of a technicality , in the case of socialism there 's a world of difference . 
  the confusion in this case stems from the fact that most people lack the intellectual background to actually know what the difference is , but it 's an important one . 
  the problem is just that with the whooping success of ( neo ) - liberal politics in the western world language has kind of converged to a point where everybody thinks it 's the only existing economic model , we 're almost back to mccarthian times . 
  if i call social democrats socialists , what am i supposed to call real socialists ? 
  or do i get a slap by the invisible hand if i dare to think such frivolous thoughts ? 
  should we call it `` the social model that must not be named ? '', 
  you 're doing a very scary thing . 
  you 're not just advocating a more ` practical ' take on language , you 're voluntarily massacring your language by quite literally adapting it to the needs of the market . 
  quite the irony if you consider that the established goal was supposed to be emancipation of the individual . 
  well more like reality is weird , because most social democrats , a hundred years ago were actually occupied with trying to get rid of whatever authoritarian figure was pestering their country , for example the tsar , there was no real way to be a parliamentarian social-democrat in most nations . 
  today on the other hand you 'd be hard pressed to find an actual worker in a worker 's party . 
  oh look another troll account . 
  i did n't make any unscientific claim . 
  natural science has no concept of a `` mind '' or what constitutes the fundamental nature of a person . 
  i recommend stephen j. gould 's * the mismeasure of man * , not like you 're going to read it anyway but there ya go . 
  another alt account advocating race theory like it 's the 1930 's in a thread that , for a change , provides a reasonable opinion piece about something . 
  only on this sub . 
  and no , there is no evidence that the human mind is predominantly determined genetically , let alone is there no consensus about what constitutes the mind at all , and fossils do n't have anything to do with it anyway . 
  actually about half the posts in this thread seem to be from accounts < 1 month with the exact same post content lol, 
  i live in cologne . 
  there are countless places at which they can receive food , shelter and medical treatment for free . 
  you ca n't force them into it though . 
  this is a well known fact too , some people will always fall through the social net no matter how many institutions you have in place . 
  the attempt to blame that on immigration as well is simply pathetic . 
  how 's that 6 day old spam account working out for you ? 
  also yes , spending can be economically beneficial , especially in germany which has been lacking behind in public investment for years . 
  if this situation will revive housing programs again and get us away from our zero debt policy , by all means go for it . 
  germany is n't an opponent of a unified european energy policy , but germany does not want to use energy policies as a tool to exercise political pressure on russia , for the simple fact alone that russia does n't seem to give a damn about threats of this kind . 
  we can have a unified european energy policy and germany can buy resources from russia . 
  russia is not europe 's enemy and a european security framework works only with russia * in * it . 
  that has been the traditional social democratic position and there is no disconnect between historical decisions and what the spd is doing now . 
  the detriment of eastern european states in this case is simply that the gas supply from russia to western europe can not be used as potential leverage in the future if they 'd want to utilize it in that way and the loss of potential transit fees . 
  as the article states ukraine would probably lose two billion bucks of transit fees a year . 
  you do n't need to turn this into a huge ethical debate . 
  this is just as much of an economical decision for ukraine as it is for germany or russia . 
   also it shows germany 's hypocrisy . 
  in the context of refugees they demand solidarity , but when it suits their business they do not want that solidarity anymore . 
  so the exact same amount of hypocrisy every other nation on this planet displays . 
  occasionally looking after your own interests is what nations do , you just happen to call it sovereignty if it 's a decision you consider to be beneficial . 
  in the grand scheme of things germany does n't seem to act excessively hypocritical . 
  i can understand not agreeing with him , but in what way is he sleazy ? 
  i do n't think he 's actually done anything that deserves the label and he 's definitely worked his way up from a pretty impoverished family . 
  also i find it hilarious to call the spd 's course towards russia `` unworthy '' , they 're the social democrats , they invented * entspannungspolitik * towards russia , have we read different history books ? 
  do you remember what kind of reactions brandt got for his political decisions from the political right ? 
  did n't turn out too bad in the end . 
  i was n't so much looking back than i was looking forward . 
  it is n't unlikely that iran is going to emerge as the dominant regional power in the middle-east especially with western sanctions falling and russia actively backing them . 
  if assad can be restored to power ( which will probably happen if the west moves away from it current course , which they might ) then russia will clearly have the strongest grip on the region by a large margin , it might even happen that the us pulls out completely over the next ten years depending on who gets into office . 
  [ regarding iraq ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/iraq-signs-collaboration-deal-with-russia-iran-syria-on-isis-fight-1443369993 ) , the iran-iraq-syria-russia alliance has been strengthening for quite some time now , and these are frankly the only countries that are able to project power in the region . 
  alliances with the gulf states are nice and all , but they 're not at the heart of the conflict in the middle-east . 
  the simple matter of fact is that russia is a key player in several conflicts at the moment and without them a lot of stuff simply would n't happen . 
  that makes them a de facto world-power . 
  obama 's jab at russia was rhetorical in nature , ( also somewhat unnecessary and uncalled for ) i 'm pretty sure that the potus is well aware that he needs russia at the table . 
  given the fact that russia is at the moment the only country that can talk to assad i find that statement to be a little silly . 
  at the moment iran and russia are pressing issues in the middle-east , the new iraqi government too is clearly drifting towards russia . 
  the nuclear deal with iran probably also would n't have happened without russia and the us too acknowledged russia 's role in the process . 
  i do n't get your statement at all . 
  not at all . 
  democracy depends on due procedure and needs to have checks and balances in place . 
  under the given conditions opposition members could have been kept from voting without anybody notice . 
  a vote that can suppress dissident opinion without repercussion is no democratic vote at all . 
  democratic voting takes place free and in secret , both were not given with foreign military standing literally in the voting booth . 
  no independent observers / it happened under military lock-down / unilateral secession was unconstitutional, 
  in this case , the german legislative body called the bundestag , the legal concept in question is called [ * volksverhetzung * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/volksverhetzung ), 
  i find it a little bothersome that it seems to be common practice among most social networks to take the whole internet down if someone posts a nipple but that it 's okay to sport a kkk outfit, 
  in all kinds of places ? 
  also the ethnic population of french is , surprise , 92 % french and 90 % of brits are white . 
  can you stop talking out of your ass for a moment ? 
  we 've been affected in the exact same way , because again , we have just as many immigrants as france or the uk . 
  fucking five day old crap accounts of people who ca n't do second grade math . 
  i 'm well aware of the fact that trump is n't going to win , but the image of him as a `` man of the people '' in pretty significant parts of the population is a prime exactly of what happens if you have no culture of discussion and no social reaction to things that are just flat out wrong and abhorrent . 
  the whole scapegoat of ` political correctness ' is just an excuse for him to say racist and sexist stuff and that there is no social taboo around this is very bad . 
  it makes people believe that everything in a society is up for discussion , even if it 's scientific facts or human rights . 
  your statement was that we had `` not much immigration , unlike the uk or france '' which is hilarious . 
  our situation is exactly like that of the uk or france , and in absolute numbers we are host to the third biggest immigrant population on the planet . 
  you do n't need to link me a world factbook webpage , in contrast to you i am aware of what goes on in my country . 
  are you serious ? 
  germany 's immigrant population exceeds both france 's and the uk 's and ranks among the highest in the world . 
  the media circus aside german society actually as a whole is still pretty solid .
