  so if we would truly take canada and the united states as an ideal , you sir , would completely lose your mind . 
  yes , we could even hand out medals to those honourable mothers ... 
  it 's exactly the same as post ww1 germany and the so called * dolchsto\u00dflegende * . 
  germany was n't beaten nope , it were the evil liberals from within that destroyed our glorious empire because the mighty german army obviously was unbeatable by conventional means . 
  it 's also what you see in russia today and it is no accident that you 'll find these ideas both on the german left and right side of the political spectrum . 
  does n't make much sense , he 's not getting anything from it . 
  seems more likely that is this was done by riled up nationalists . 
   who can replace saudi arabia ? 
  it 's a tough question , but one that needs answering . 
  the 80 million pop country called iran ? 
  get them off their israel hatetrain and we 're good to go, 
  all of it is true , i have no sympathy for russia 's domestic or foreign policies , but the important and relevant point is that russia may be acting paranoid and aggressive , * but that 's the russia we have to live with and we are n't going to get another russia just because we want to * . 
  we can say in europe that we have moved on from political power play , imperialism , cold war thinking and so on but it simply does n't matter if the rest of the world has n't . 
  and keeping that in mind i 'd rather have a ukraine that is not getting torn apart even if that means that we need to disrespect their sovereignty partially by incorporating russia into the political process and keeping ukraine neutral . 
  i do n't have own interests besides hoping that the violence in ukraine can cease and that the people can go back to have normal secure life and a steady income , i 'm assuming in that sense russians , germans , ukrainians and americans will largely feel the same . 
  however you are not going to get a functioning country back by going to war with russia . 
  everybody will lose and ukraine will take the worst hit . 
  you say that you 've weighed the consequences , but tens of thousands of civilians that just want to go about their daily lives have n't had a voice in this and are now getting caught in the crossfire . 
  the people that suffer the most are the ones living in the war-zones . 
  at best you 're going get a politically split and dysfunctional country , at worst ukraine as it existed three years ago will not exist anymore . 
  that 's very polemic and one sided though . 
  many people have pointed out that the eu has made critical mistakes during the negotiations by underestimating russia 's aversion to the treaty and by overestimating the support in ukraine . 
  kissinger has repeatedly pointed out that framing this as a east/west tug-of-war will end very badly not for the eu or russia , but for ukraine . 
  it is a reality that ukraine 's biggest trading partner by far is russia . 
  if you care about ukraine 's economic development it 's imperative to reconcile ukrainian * and * russian interests and the eu has not done this while negotiating this treaty and we practically sleepwalked into this situation . 
  diplomats and negotiators get payed so that exactly what we have know does not happen . 
  eu foreign policy has lacked strategic geopolitical outlook for a very long time . 
  by treating ukraine as just another country that they could negotiate with without keeping the russian-ukrainian relations in mind they 've not done ukraine a favour . 
  he 's right though , the assad family consists of genocidal maniacs . 
  assad junior used bioweapons on his own population and his father killed tens of thousands ( that 's not an exaggeration but the actual number ) during the bombing of hama alone . 
  that was his own population . 
  the assad regime has very likely killed more people than isis . 
  do you expect the population to live like this forever and are we really supposed to support a dictator who massacres his own people ? 
  fighting with enemy combatants is already outlawed , they need however to proof it as everybody is presumed innocent until guilty . 
  they might also prefer to use surveillance on known jihadists to gather more information instead of immediately arresting them . 
  potential terrorists do n't fly from germany to syria , people will travel to turkey and then go on from there . 
  well it 's just my humble opinion , this is n't a scientific matter after all . 
  it 's just what i 've noticed while talking to some of the guys sharing these particular views . 
  the alleged defense of `` judeo-christian '' values is very popular slogan among many of the new-right movements in europe , but it is important to understand that many of these people are angry not because of immigration , but because they have trouble figuring out their own identity . 
  it is after all not the fault of many muslim immigrants that they understand their religion better than we understand our own . 
  the opposition towards immigration is n't strongest among genuine christians whose beliefs are allegedly under attack , it 's strongest among people who are unsure about what their culture actually is . 
  i 'm just sick of hearing people talking about defending their ` christian values ' . 
  if you 're a christian what you ought to defend is a radical idea of hospitality , love and embracing things you are afraid of . 
  if you follow an angry mob through the streets of poland you 're as far away from christianity as you can be . 
  left-wing issues are nationalization of the means of production , a classless society and elimination of private property , today also focus on radical ecological change and anti-interventionist positions like withdrawal from nato . 
  none of the parties you named actually remotely touches these issues , most of them the pvda included , have heavily moderated their positions since the 90 's . 
  poland is a predominantly catholic nation , so i figure they ought to give a few cents about the views of their religious leader , or at least they should stop pretending that they care about their christian culture . 
  the dalai lama has indeed very little to do with poland . 
  no , the term `` political left '' and `` political right '' are n't purely relative . 
  the spd is a centrist party , just like most ` new labour ' like reinventions of social democracy in europe nowadays . 
  you suffer from a severe case of `` if you stand at the north pole , every direction points south '', 
  i 'm pretty sure the pope would disagree with you on that . 
  the expert has it the wrong way around . 
  they are n't poor because they have many children , they have many children because they are poor . 
  large families in third world countries exist because they are the primary form of social security and can do labour intensive work in agrarian economies . 
  families need to be large and young to be self-sustainable . 
  as soon as countries industrialize the government steps in and reduces the dependency of the family , people move into cities and start to have less kids . 
  the fertility rates are only an indicator , having less kids wo n't spur political development , that just does n't make any sense . 
  yes . 
  if the population wants to secede they need to start a diplomatic process with the country they legally reside in , like scotland did , or we 're going straight back to the stone age . 
  we 're taking the hobbits to visegr\u00e1d , visegr\u00e1d ... 
  but we can agree that the 99 other people are n't responsible for the one guy and that we ought to be able to differentiate because we 're adults capable of rational thought , right ? 
  bmi is fine for populations , very muscular people are a minority . 
  buildings have been reappropriated from time to time and been turned into social housing for welfare programs , yes . 
  it says so in the article , too . 
  the last time the law was extensively used was during germany 's reunification . 
  we have many such programs for homeless people as well , they are not being neglected . 
  trying to play out the poor against each other is as popular as it is pathetic . 
  well your country is estonia , and my country is germany , and it just happens to be the case that article 14 of our constitution prescribes that private property also shall serve the public good . 
  i think people owning unused real estate worth millions while war-torn refugees or the poor in general have to sleep in tents are the ones robbing our society . 
  yeah it 's actually true , german lit is hard to get through even if you 're german . 
  north korea has been doing it right all along !, 
  no migrants no problems !, 
  filthy internationalist south korea just trying to attract all the foreign devils, 
  that is actually completely and utterly irrelevant regarding the question whether we ought to eat meat today . 
   now if you 're a vegan , that 's cool , but that does n't mean you have the right to force others to eat as you do , just as we do n't have the right to force you to eat as we do . 
  actually as soon as the public health , the environment or anything of public interest is endangered , freedoms are allowed to be limited , that at least is the general consensus among all societies i know of . 
  meat production is responsible for a fifth of global greenhouse gas emissions and feeding the livestock takes up two thirds of all agricultural land worldwide . 
  this is something that affects everybody . 
  food consumption is never a private matter . 
  okay , ` the west ' then . 
  point still stands , crazy middle-eastern dictators tend to display notoriously erratic behavior and maybe we should n't sell them weapons altogether . 
  if you have to fight your own air-defense systems on a regular basis i think it 's time for a policy review . 
   if you think in terms of arms , you 've got a country with no global and little regional ambitions buying weapons of little use in domestic repression i 'm pretty sure that 's the same thought the us government had a few years before good ol' saddam went all apeshit on kuwait . 
  in case nobody has noticed , trying to predict geopolitical developments in the middle-east is somewhat dicey . 
  your big powerful friend might as well be chased through the city with pitchforks in a few years, 
  you just need to read more zizek , it becomes more coherent after a while !, 
  [ very relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwdrhqnz9lo ), 
  they recently built a refugee shelter in one of hamburg 's most affluent neighborhoods and the first thing the inhabitants complained about was that ` their land value might go down ' . 
  should 've remembered them of article 14 of our constitution `` property entails obligations . 
  its use shall also serve the public good '' . 
  you definitely agreed to remove all * internal * borders . 
  that is one of the four essential freedoms of the european union , and always has been the case since its inception , it should n't have come as a surprise . 
  this obviously can only mean that any refugee situation inside the eu can only be solved by cooperation . 
   please stop generalizing like we were some bunch of egoist one-sided welfare shoppers . 
  i , and i know most people in estonia , are willing to help and contribute to europe , that includes infrastructure projects in romania , or aid to ukraine etc. 
  i did n't intend to offend and i was n't even primarily referring to estonia , as far as i know all baltic nations agreed to today 's distribution of 120k refugees . 
  still the accusations of `` german hegemony '' miss the mark . 
  the eu is a voluntary and democratic union , and germany stands on this issue together with italy and france , only five countries opposed today 's decision . 
  this is by far a majority opinion .
