  it 's embodied in the countless procedures , historical precedents , traditions etc. . 
  everyone that the banks are serving , which ranges from the housing market to business loans and also private interest . 
  so presumable everything that involves a bank loaning you money, 
  well that also shifts the burden on everybody of course which you ca n't really avoid either way . 
  i do n't really see the banks being the problem per se , there 's more structurally wrong with the eurozone and the economy that leads to these situations in the first place . 
  banks in italy need to be bailed out because germany is pushing its surplus onto the eurozone periphery . 
  having to bail them out is essentially just correcting the balance . 
  but it 's the reality of things , so if you 're pounding on your chest and trying to burn them down you might end up not having a job at the end of the day . 
  this kills the economy, 
  which is why fleeing into european nationalism is as much of a non-option as literal nationalism . 
  we better figure out a solution to organise our societies without this fetish for borders and control because that era is over for good, 
  i actually thought it was the berserk intro lol , i am hearing things, 
   despite because, 
  this is the longest shitpost i 've ever read, 
   ow many times in all of rt 's history has it ever said a single bad thing about putin ? 
  that 's a pretty bad metric because that just proves that they 're stuck in the 70 's / 80 's propaganda mode . 
  absorbing pseudo-criticism into your propaganda makes it way more effective, 
   and those refugees cease to be such when they traipse through safe country after safe country to reach the best payout . 
  stop repeating this nonsense . 
  under the geneva convention , which is the key document here as it 's the foundation of global refugee policy , the core principle is * non-refoulement * . 
  opportunistic behaviour does not invalidate anybody 's refugee status . 
  the only thing that does determine your refugee status is whether you are at danger in the country you originate from . 
  if that is the case , you are a refugee . 
  there are no `` good '' or `` bad '' refugees , as the refugee status itself acknowledges that your life and safety are in danger and that we 're going to protect it regardless of whether you are dumb or smart or a criminal or not . 
  depends on the time frame . 
  in the 90 's we had large scale riots ( [ rostock-lichtenhagen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rostock-lichtenhagen_riots ) ) which was pretty much the biggest excess of xenophobic violence in post-war germany and it was largely directed at eastern european refugees . 
  this has for the most part settled down although the stereotypes against `` stealing poles '' , `` violent russians '' and so on of course continue to exist . 
  it 's pretty much always the same . 
  group of immigrants gets here due to some geopolitical event , all kinds of end time fantasies are conjured up and two decades later everybody has arranged themselves and the process starts again with the next group . 
  i 'll doubt we 'll ever skip the part in the middle . 
  russia 's nuclear doctrine is to use nuclear weapons in case of an existential threat to the country , so no ` dismantling russia ' is definitely not on the table . 
  and it 's also true that many issues a country faces , geographical challenges , natural disasters , lack of infrastructure , polarization and so on increases disproportionately with population growth . 
  the sheer size of the united states , the resulting geopolitical weight , military demands and conflicts etc. . mean that the country could never turn into luxembourg . 
  it 's absolutely naive to exclude this fact . 
  changes in size alone produce new problems which only emerge due to scale . 
  it makes about as much sense as demanding that walmart ought to run its business like the family owned grocery store around the corner because the people over there just seem so much nicer . 
  really a misnomer because ` eu nationalism ' as you call it is a result of a conscious decision of the collective member states , it 's an act of will whereas european nationalism is a predominantly ethno-centric and reactionary phenomenon . 
  ( with the exception of the original french versionwhich also has been replaced by demagoguery for the most part though ), 
  yeah it 's not easy to pick a post ww ii leader because it 's still relatively young history . 
  adenauer would probably be the obvious choice maybe with de gaulle as france 's leader . 
  or even brandt maybe because he has an interesting personal history and was one of the more important cold war figures . 
  i think that one went over your head . 
  the issue here is that the two individuals promptly decided to start a para-military vigilante group roaming the forests of bulgaria, 
  germany runs a balanced trade budget inside the eu and german wages overall are n't lower than frances . 
  pretty much all of germany 's trade growth is being generated outside of the eu . 
  seriously just look the numbers up . 
  `` germany does n't pay its workers '' is just a meme also of course german wages are the result of countless of individual negotiations . 
  there is no wage lever angela merkel can turn around . 
  yes the negative effects of wage depression would be pretty bad . 
  i guess more important would be a more flexible labour market . 
  removing the 35 hour work week for example which did n't even accomplish the goal of lowering work time . 
  but there 's usually a sense of compromise between german unions and the employer side . 
  during the economic depression in the early 2000s the largest unions kept back wage demands voluntarily while in france i ca n't see this happening at all . 
  i 'll grant you that the flight industry is much more agressive , but they 're pretty much the exception . 
  it also pisses everybody off, 
  it 's also impossible to assume that you can fight unemployment while at the same time opposing pretty much * any * labour reform while performing crippling strikes . 
  there is absolutely no sense of compromise on the union side in france . 
  they act like overgrown mob cartels . 
  you ca n't say `` go fight unemployment hollande '' and then frown at every single measure the guy tries to implement . 
  i mean no offense but the french electorate does n't exactly seem to be easy to work with to say the least . 
  given that list it seems more like the french voters are looking for a marvel superhero than a president . 
  it seems like he 's supposed to please the left , please the right , fight unemployment and the global economy at the same time, 
  the tpp is just a trade deal . 
  the united kingdom inside the eu is part of a single market . 
  two different things, 
   whereas anyone can waltz in from the eu , no requirements needed . 
   it 's clear how that can breed contempt . 
  it 's unclear to me because that 's literally how cooperation between nations functions all over the planet . 
  there 's no binary `` all can enter / nobody can enter '' mechanism at work . 
  countries have many different treaties with many different states and so immigrating or emigrating to any given one will depend on where you 're coming from . 
  you need to bring in a lot of historical sentimentality to convince yourself that a country quite literally at the other end of the earth should get the same treatment as the nations that are part of the same common market and institutions that the uk is . 
   you do n't criminalize something to convince people that it 's bad yes , sure we do , it 's called deterrence . 
  you ca n't just say `` you should not regulate speech '' . 
  are you speaking ex cathedra here ? 
  and i say we should . 
  are we any wiser now ? 
  criminalising holocaust denial draws a clear line . 
  it 's a point at which you know that you are outside of society . 
  you can still think what you want , you can talk privately as much as you want , but if you utilize the public sphere to spew your propaganda society is going to not tolerate it . 
  `` switzerland literally does 5 science your argument is invalid '' that 's not how it works and does n't even remotely address the arguments made by the op, 
   you do n't convince people of facts through legislation , you do it through an open conversation yes you can convince people through legislation . 
  we do it all the time , in fact every single law exists to do precisely that . 
  when you beat someone up we do n't hold a townhall debate to figure out the pro 's and con 's , we lock you up . 
  the only difference is that people do n't understand that speech actually is an act too and has real consequences in the world , because information actually makes us do things and we 're not special unicorns that are somehow not affected by speech . 
   there was nothing defensive about the missiles in cuba . 
  natos shield can stop small nuclear attacks . 
  the rockets in cuba could retaliate or first strike . 
   american missile strategist herman kahn who advocated a missile ` defense shield ' as a first strike enabler in the 50 's and 60 's . 
  no anti-ballistic missile shield is fast enough to actually stop a first strike , even from a small nation . 
  what they can do is act as an anti-deterrent in case the agent with the shield employs a first strike to diminish the opponents nuclear capabilities . 
  in the mid 60 's * us defense secretary * mcnamara [ proposed a treaty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-ballistic_missile_treaty ) to internationally ban missile shield technology for that precise reason . 
  first strike enablers are a threat because they remove the risk of mutually assured destruction , which is pretty much the only thing that keeps state actors from actually employing nuclear weapons . 
   in the current state , and for the foreseeable future , the nato shield can easily be defeated by an overwhelming attack . 
  right . 
  so russia is , from a military perspective , completely justified to categorise the anti-missile shield as an offensive tool . 
  if it serves no defensive purpose as you are yourself pointing out , that is what we are left with . 
  technically yes , but the eu can of course point out that the uk negotiation position is going to get worse the longer the uk draws it out , which in turn would be very awkward for the british politicians who 'll eventually have to negotiate . 
  given johnson 's reaction even before the whole thing actually started i do n't think anybody else is very keen to present the british population with a terrible result . 
   it 's pretty much the same in germany . 
  the third reich has tainted the term ( or rather the concept of ) `` race '' so much , that it 's not longer really appropriate to use .
