  in front of random people , yes ? 
  in front of good friends , no . 
  if you act around in front of good friends like the average person does on facebook you may have a problem on both fronts, 
  the oil reserves are negligible . 
  north america is pretty much self-sufficient anyway ( and soon going to be one of the worlds biggest exporters ) , while europe only gets a tiny fraction of their oil from the arabian peninsula . 
  the reason saudi arabia is important because it is one of the few countries that is 1 . stable enough to actually project military force against western enemies , at the moment isis ( although this is kind of double edged because saudi-arabia at the same time promotes wahhabi-ideology which is one of the reasons why radical islam is growing in the first place . ), 
  and 2 . because saudi-arabia at least tolerates the israelian state which can not be said of the only other big stable country in the region , iran . 
  iraq has pretty much disintegrated now , same is true for syria and lybia , so the west is running out of potential partners , besides the arab league there 's not much left . 
   in germany , a substantial number of couples have one ( if any ) children around 22-25 years ca n't really confirm this , it seems like no one has children before their thirties or even marries before that . 
  it 's also correlated to housing i guess . 
  barely anyone here builds a house anymore , most people share flats . 
  i 'm always astonished with all these people in the us who marry and buy a home when they 're barely out of college . 
  the eu already only gets 8 % of its oil from saudi arabia . 
  the west supports them for geopolitical , not economical reasons . 
  hey thanks for explaining your train of thought . 
  i agree that fascism differs from the tsarist regime in the way you described , but i still think fascism and communism are similar in the regard that they try to mobilize a working class industrialized vanguard . 
  the peasantry and lower working classes were generally not considered to be able to participate in the communist revolution too , hence the term * lumpenprolelatariat * . 
  the ` communism in one country ' doctrine also relied heavily on nationalistic tones , and is n't that far away from fascism really , maybe only in the way that they denounced each other . 
  i agree that the largely agrarian tsarist russian society of the 19th century was incapable of starting any kind of working class based revolution , but the actual communist revolution that happened in the industrializing russia is in my eyes not so different from the fascist revolutions in europe . 
  the trotskyites were driven out pretty fast after all . 
  please explain that first sentence to me, 
  depends on the country , fascism in germany was largely anti-theistic and anti-catholic and the nazi leadership actively tried to de-christianise germany , in russia the orthodox church has always played an important role in supporting the tsar , who was generally viewed as `` god 's chosen leader '' akin to a medieval lord in contrast to the more bureaucratic autocracies in the rest of europe . 
   what do fascists do to try and shut down any opposition ? 
  stuff like this . 
  fascists also eat bread , does n't mean everybody who eats bread is a fascist . 
  fascism is militarized nationalism organized centrally that penetrates all facets of live . 
  some guys chasing someone through a bar might be bad mannered but has nothing to do with fascism . 
  it would really help if people would stop throwing these buzzwords around . 
  it 's not mythology but the social conservative aspect of orthodox religion in this case that draws people in that direction . 
  it 's the same here in germany , too . 
  people are not heavily religious or spiritual here but many are alienated by the rapid social change , for example the erosion of the family as the ` core unit ' of society or the loss of communitarian ideals that shaped many european societies in the 60 's to 80 's . 
  people are fed up with the ` every man for himself ' mentality . 
  now i doubt that this objectively is any better in russia or any other orthodox country , but it 's at least the image they 're trying to sell when they talk about the `` degenerated '' and `` narcissistic '' west . 
  price stability as defined by the ecb actually means inflation targeting close to 2 % . 
  we have not been hitting that for years now and only now the ecb is really starting to do something against the deflationary trend . 
  it comes nearly a decade to late despite being its official policy . 
  this behaviour is really extreme and i 've maybe seen this two or three times , but especially black people here in germany have a tendency of being stared at as if they 'd just fled from a zoo . 
  it 's really ridiculous . 
  i also commute by train a lot and it seems like people have a strong tendency to avoid sitting next to foreign looking guys . 
  they obviously notice and i can only imagine how arduous it is to experience that kind of behaviour day to day . 
  yeah , as another brit , i sec\u00f6nd this . 
  it has to be said though , and this is not a defence of the statements of the russian ambassador , anti-nuclear missile systems are generally considered [ * first-strike enabling weapons systems * ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pre-emptive_nuclear_strike#first-strike_enabling_weapons_systems ) because they are not capable of stopping a full scale nuclear attack but they would be able to reduce retaliatory attacks after a first strike is carried out that has already damaged nuclear capabilities . 
  you have to keep in mind that reddit 's demographic makeup is [ largely low income white males between the age of 18-25 . 
  ] ( http://www.pewinternet.org/2013/07/03/6-of-online-adults-are-reddit-users/ ) this is obviously very different from the average swede both in age and income , which explains why reddit sometimes resembles stormfront more than anything else . 
  it makes arguably more sense than to conjure up some legal fabrication that no one gives a shit about in real politics . 
  we need to be honest with ourselves . 
  if we call out russia about annexing crimea we need to call ourselves out for the wars we start . 
  if it quacks like a duck and looks like a duck . . it 's a duck . 
   call it whatever you like , but be prepared to look silly if you do n't know the terminology of what you 're talking about . 
  i do understand the legal situation , what i 'm not willing to participate in are these orwellian language games . 
  afghanistan was de-facto a full scale war and people will judge it as one historically . 
  it is as if saying that israel was the agressor of the six-day war and georgia was the agressor in the russio-georgian war . 
  it has nothing to do with reality and this trickery around formalities is an embarrassment . 
  well maybe i 'm the true ruler of afghanistan , too bad i do n't have an army to get my rightful land back , that 's about the level of sense that makes . 
  what france is doing in africa is a humanitarian mission , the afghanistan war , was as the name indicates , a war . 
  anything else is just silly technical wordplay and does not describe the reality of the situation . 
   nato did not invade afghanistan , did not bomb libya and did not invade iraq . 
  nato as a military alliance did in fact join the afghanistan war as article 5 of the treaty was invoked in 2001 . http://www.nato.int/docu/update/2001/1001/e1002a.htm, 
  he wanted to name it after his favourite muslim !, 
  because saudi-arabia and sweden 's economic ties are so huge , oh wait they practically do n't exist . 
  that 's even true for germany , only 4 % of our oil demand is supplied by saudi-arabia , and export make up 0.05 % or something . 
  well pagan religions are pre-islamic so i do n't even know if it 's * that * haram . . 
  there have probably been about two dozen wars fought in the last twenty years , this is n't a `` tough guy '' attitude it 's a fact . 
  international law is completely impotent . 
  dunno if you 're replying to the wrong post , but that 's what i said, 
  read op 's post . 
  the finger was real , the finger was edited out, 
  who 's supposed to take his place ? 
  goddamn western pigs with their stroke cannons, 
  i do n't think people are arguing that everybody should devaluate their currency * at the same time * as that , as you are rightly pointing out , would accomplish absolutely nothing . 
  it 's a protectionist measure that only makes sense as a proposition on a `` national '' ( as in currency-union ) level . 
  my point was rather about general economic principles anyway . 
  people here are so scared of inflation , in some national survey a while ago about fears it scored higher than fucking cancer . 
  people here do not have a rational relationship to economics . 
   only thing i ca n't understand when someone 's expressing his anger and frustration over the greek government and its actions : why are n't you people just as mad with your own governments and all its decisions from 2002 onwards ? 
  because 90 % of the german population are convinced that everybody can run a trade surplus ( which obviously defies basic accounting and logic ) , and that it is n't happening in greece because greek people are too lazy . 
  the ` bild ' actually does n't only portrait some kind of pleb-opinion but also the `` economic expertise '' of our governing politicians , they just use nicer words . 
  furthermore the average german refuses to believe that people can actually default on debt , and that the risk involved is actually the reason why people are earning interest on their loans . 
  ` evil ' is overdoing it but as a nation there is collective guilt , i as a german have no problem admitting that . 
  if your country starts wars of annihilation and genocide you ca n't just look away . 
  everybody who did n't actually try to stop it is in some way guilty . 
  it depends . 
  a lot of german exports are largely price inelastic and sell well despite high prices . 
  additionally german exports are usually end-products and thus require a pretty huge amount of imports which will offset the benefit of the lower currency . 
  this is why countries like switzerland can run a huge trade surplus while still having a strong currency . 
  then do n't be an idiot if you prefer that term . 
  because you made a racist comment and generalized 1.5 billion people because of a single incident . 
  easy way to avoid that , do n't make racist comments . 
   if no such paper was signed then russia can go fuck itself - it has no business deciding for other countries what 's best for them . 
  and this is exactly the level of dirty politics we are accusing russia of . 
  if we can not trust other countries on a diplomatic level russia will say ` fuck you ' too and we 're back to power play , and let me tell you that is not a very good thing for the ex-soviet nations as we can see right now . 
  you can say fuck russia as often as you want but it will get you nowhere , this is why i was asserting that this is realpolitik and not appeasement . 
  russia will not tolerate nato expansion into their sphere of influence . 
  you and i can think that this is outdated or ridiculous logic or whatever , but until you change russia 's mind about this we will have to live with it . 
  just regarding the gorbachev interview . 
  it has been quoted the way you did repeatedly , but it 's really dishonest because it leaves the second part of what he said out . 
   the decision for the u.s. and its allies to expand nato into the east was decisively made in 1993 . 
  i called this a big mistake from the very beginning . 
  it was definitely a violation of the spirit of the statements and assurances made to us in 1990 . 
  with regards to germany , they were legally enshrined and are obeyed .
