  so he makes clear that there was no formal treaty , but it the idea was pretty much the one i described . 
  do n't make it out like gorbachev thinks that nato enlargement was reasonable , because that 's definitely not his position . 
  there 's also this interview , from earlier this year where he states :  although critical of his successor , the 1990 nobel peace prize winner nonetheless believed mr putin was just reacting based on nato 's flamboyant aspirations to expand , fuelled by the united states ' `` dangerous winning mentality . '', 
  he said us-led nato 's eastward expansion has destroyed the very essence of the european security order which was written in the helsinki final act of 1975 . 
  the bloc 's expansion , he claimed , was a 180-degree turn away from the paris charter of 1990 . 
  he said the latter was made together with all european states to finally leave the cold war in the past . 
  http://au.ibtimes.com/nato-expansion-ukraine-could-ignite-nuclear-war-gorbachev-says-world-will-not-survive-next-few-years#.vlr1qos5db3 i 'm not saying i support his view , but gorbachev 's position is definitely not that nato expansion was legitimate or even acceptable . 
  it was simply not brought up because at the time in question the soviet union still existed . 
  the idea was n't really to appease russia but to keep eastern europe non-aligned which was pretty much the promise that russia got after the dismantling of the soviet union . 
  it 's not really cynical but just realpolitik . 
  i do n't know if it 's legally binding or not , but it 's pretty much the consensus at the moment , as nato itself points out . 
  still the second point definitely stands , there is no political ambition from the majority of nato members to get ukraine in . 
  countries with ongoing border or territorial disputes can not join nato , so no ukraine will not join . 
  also there is no political support for this in central or southern europe , especially from france and germany . 
  well , what they are doing is being neutral , given the international low standards of arms trade . 
   there 's two ways to deal with that . 
  one is accepting that you 're de-facto living under religious law , the other is to be defiant . 
  that 's what this is about . 
  education is n't supposed to be `` defiant '' , at least not in the western world . 
  if the caricatures are used in an appropriate context to talk about the phenomenon , okay . 
  if they are used to mock muslims as a form of revenge then it 's a huge pile of crap . 
  given the tone of the article which suggests that this idea originates from the right-wing of the political spectrum i 'm inclined to belief that this is just a way to push a certain political agenda against muslims . 
  schools are definitely not a place to pursue specific political goals and caricatures are by definition not supposed to be taken at face value regarding the things they are about . 
  that 's a pretty silly argument , though . 
  lethality is n't the only thing that 's relevant when it comes to drug consumption . 
  lsd is n't lethal , but that does n't mean that it is a harmless substance . 
  when you do n't od on heroin the only side-effect is constipation , but that does n't mean that you can or should enjoy heroin casually . 
  now when it comes to pot sure there are n't any serious side-effects physically , but i 've known quite a lot of people who 've gone from smoking casually to smoking everyday . 
  and at that point it certainly does start to effect your daily life pretty significantly , and in a pretty bad way at that . 
   the results of communism are still echoing in present day russia and without it , putin would have never been able to solidify power as he has nowadays . 
  this is more of a social problem than a political one . 
  you have to see though that people did not only suffer under communism , but they also suffered under yeltsin 's kleptocracy , which was sold to the people as liberalism and democracy . 
  if i had to have lived through this i 'd also be sceptical towards economic elites and western values . 
  to attribute the current climate in russia only towards propaganda would be a mistake . 
  it 's also hugely based on disappointment , because they were promised prosperity and were pretty much robbed under a government they associated with the west . 
  it 's a mistake that has occurred in western foreign policy over decades repeatedly . 
  political allies are chosen based on convenience . 
  russia was at her feet so we supported yeltsin , who cares anyway . 
  we need stability in the middle-east , so lets chose some third party and arm them . 
  people pretty much thought history was over after the fall of the berlin-wall , but our half-assed commitment is increasingly coming back to bite us . 
  not really , though . 
  international law has no enforcer . 
  there is no police putting bad countries away . 
  thus international law is more of a social convention than a codified legal system . 
  as a result of this countries will calculate their action always in comparison to how low or high the bar currently is . 
  if the international community as a whole behaves shitty , stepping out of the line will happen more often . 
  so i think `` whataboutism '' is really misplaced criticism . 
  interaction between countries was always about force and action-reaction , actions wil be judged by reality , not by rules in some book . 
  think of it as committing a crime in a community with a sheriff and a community without one . 
  in the former it does n't really matter how many people steal , they 'll get locked up anyway . 
  `` he stole something , too '' is not a relevant argument . 
  in the community that has no sheriff the only way to stop stealing is to set an example . 
  everybody needs to stop . 
  if too many people steal , it will become common and the community will go down the drain . 
  every individual 's actions effectively determine what 's okay and what 's not . 
  the one time i tried to speak english in france instead of using my completely butchered secondary education french people looked at me like i murdered somebody then i went back to using terrible french . 
  i do n't think anybody understood me but at least they did n't look as mad , i believe this chart, 
  given how society has basically given up on quite a lot of impoverished areas and suburbs what are the kids supposed to do ? 
  revitalizing the suburbs would be one of the most crucial projects in many european countries that have seen a huge amount of segregation over the last thirty years . 
  it 's crazy how many of those jihadists leaving europe have criminal backgrounds , especially violent ones . 
  i think it 's a little funny when people try to paint these isis recruits as bin laden like die hard ideologues with some consolidated ideology or even religious discipline , they 're basically just thugs . 
  no need to be salty , you just are n't making a lot of sense , going by your definition no entrepreneur is a job creator , which is pretty silly . 
  i fail to understand what the significance of your posts is in the context of this article apart from arguing about the term ` job creator ', 
  well yes they do , that 's why they 're at the top of that article 's list.i 'm not interested in any semantic shittery , what is the implication of what you are saying ? 
  are you actually agreeing that they 're not taking any jobs away ? 
  i 'm confused as to what your point is at all . 
  immigrants come to italy , successfully start businesses . 
  as every other group of people , they also increase aggregate demand . 
  you kick immigrants out --  less aggregate demand , so we have n't gained anything on that front . 
  this is why i did n't consider this to be an important point in the first place . 
  like every other individual in italy chinese people compete on the market and they just seem to be very good at it , good for them, 
  and chinese people or immigrants in general coming to italy do n't demand goods and services ? 
  ( which they in this case happen to primarily provide to themselves ), 
  the article is pointing out though that chinese are also huge job creators . 
  i think it 's more than a little disingenuous to accuse the people who create jobs in the first place of worsening the situation , even if they predominantly higher chinese . 
  it 's still a net win for the italian economy, 
  you are trying to tell me that italian immigrants are not subject to italian taxation and bureaucracy like anybody else when they create businesses * in italy * . 
  how the heck 's that supposed to work ? 
   swedistan how to disqualify yourself with a single word , ca n't blame the immigrants for having given up on the italians though given what they 've done to the place, 
   no i wouldn \u00b4 t agree . 
  either you stand for democracy , freedom or you stand for it only if it suits you-in this case oh russian propaganda is to strong so ban this and this , but i am 100 % for democracy , freedom and so on ... yes sure . 
  absolutely no democratic nation would drive `` freedom of x '' to the point of it threatening democracy itself . 
  we limit democratic rights if harm either to the individual or collective society is otherwise unavoidable . 
  given that ukraine is literally being torn apart i think we can safely conclude that they 've reached a point at which some degree of intervention is justified, 
  monopolies are n't bad everywhere . 
  generally when costs are inelastic and high , say due to high resource or infrastructure costs or logistics efforts , regulated monopolies make more sense than small competition because of economies of scale . 
  for that reason most countries run nationalized telecommunications companies , mail and garbage services and so on instead of having 20 independent providers, 
  they flat out admit that their prime motivation is emotional cleansing and a sense of justice . 
  and that 's fine !, 
  it is not , at least not in the norwegian society , neither in law or spirit . 
  and there are plenty of options between being a member of the general population and being in total isolation . 
  countless of other options in fact . 
  not on every single person entering the us , that 's simply impossible . 
  and they 're security checks , not magical religious psychoanalysis, 
  i really do n't know how a security check is going to tell me how religious somebody is , i really doubt that some us security organisation can check whether i visit the local mosque , church or synagogue . 
  the us has about 50 million visitors each year , are they going to turn into the gdr ? 
  this is absolutely paranoid and nuts and untranslatable into policies , morality of it aside . 
  that a significant portion of americans ca n't actually see this scares the living shit out of me, 
  given the ideas floating around i honestly ca n't tell whether you 're serious or not, 
  you do understand that , apart from the fact that the ban completely violates america 's idea of religious freedom and is absolutely ridiculous , there 's literally no way to tell whether some european visitor to the us actually is a muslim it 's not a formal status , it does n't say muslim in your passport .
