  not your fault , this subreddit is n't exactly representative of the public opinion . 
  france and italy share most of germany 's policy goals , they definitely do in regards to the refugee crisis . 
  given that greece 's population is dwindling at a rate that will soon completely wreck their labour market and demographic development , yes it actually is a very good thing for almost any european country . 
  germany is not a european border state and will not suffer from the refugee crisis if we were to do that ( which i do n't support by the way ), 
  it seems more like some members of the european union have forgotten that they have handed over some of their sovereignty the moment they joined the * union * . 
  but obviously you had to throw some silly ww 2 reference in as soon as germany voices an opinion that you do n't happen to like france and italy agree on this topic with germany , why again should the opinion of europe 's three biggest member states not hold any political weight ? 
  both uganda and kongo have significant muslim populations and the lords resistance army actually is among the biggest terrorist groups on the continent . 
  what is the fucking question ? 
  one hundred thousand victims are not significant ? 
  also why would it matter if the majority of victims are christian ? 
  the majority of victims of islamic terrorism are also muslims . 
  also given the fact that you seem to enjoy discussing race theory in sports subreddits i can already imagine how this is going to end lol . 
  over the course of four months this is literally the only thing you have done on this account . 
  another five day old account , sorry bud not interested, 
  i do n't exactly know what non-existent means to you but the lord 's resistance army is one of the biggest terrorist groups in africa , aims to establish a theocratic state founded on the ten commandments and has killed over 100k and displaced over 400k citizens over the last twenty years and excessively uses child soldiers as a weapon , having abducted over 20k children . 
  nope , it really does n't . 
  you are still living under the impression that this subreddit is frequented by the civilized people that you meet in your daily-life , that is sadly not the case, 
  the eu is a political institution which has gained legitimacy through public vote in the countries that decided to join the european union . 
  ttip is a privately negotiated treaty which will never see the light of the day completely or be put to public vote . 
  you see the difference ? 
  yes for the broad public interest , which is the opposite of what people mean when they use the word ` lobbying ' . 
  by your technical definition every election is a giant process of lobbying , which obviously misses the point . 
  huh that 's surprising . 
  my public elementary school as well as my secondary school ( private catholic so that 's hardly surprising =p ) had regular voluntary masses . 
  can i ask how old you are ? 
  we already have all of those things . 
  there are turkish street names , you can take turkish classes in areas in which the language is spoken frequently ( as a second foreign language and it 's a valid ` abitur ' - subject in several states ) and you can watch turkish television . 
  given the fact that the turkish population in germany of 4 % is only very small compared to the 25 % of russians in estonia i think you can hardly accuse us of trying to suppress turkish culture . 
  if every fourth citizen in your country is part of a distinct culture trying to remove that culture from public life is unacceptable . 
  like a normal mass, 
  actually countries kind of have that obligation , because systematically removing a language from public life can be considered to be a ( mild ) form of ethnic cleansing especially if the intention is to further remove the specific culture from private and public life . 
  another example of this were the restrictions of the kurdish language in 80 's turkey with results that we can now all observe . 
  it has n't brought the people closer together to say the least . 
   while fox news is privately owned , thus impartial or more impartial . 
  this has always been the thing with imperialism in post-war western countries . 
  as long as you throw yourself into the meatgrinder voluntarily singing your anthem applauding your freedom you 're a brave enlightened soldier while everybody else in the world is their government 's puppet , while it 's arguably even more ridiculous . 
  you know what sarcasm is right, 
  hafez al-assad killed 20k of his citizens during the hama uprising in 1982 . 
  the assad family has been murdering their citizens for decades , a few years ago with the aid of biological warfare . 
  if you think that this will stop in the future under the same leadership you are living in an alternate universe . 
  if that 's the case i apologize , given the tone of this thread i could n't tell : (, 
  she 's elected chancellor with an almost absolute majority and still among the most popular politicians in the country , what the fuck are you blabbing on about ? 
  yes , we should really not have started ten wars in syria . 
  what a mistake if she had n't said that sentence nine out of ten refugees would have turned around promptly !, 
  the women must possess demonic powers . 
  we do n't have a militant islamic salafism party as for the about 150 salafists in germany that are categorized as `` potentially dangerous '' , you can expect them to be monitored by the verfassungsschutz very closely . 
  well i do n't know what the metric definition of a ` massive crowd ' is , but norway is host to more refugees per capita than germany and only second behind sweden ( in europe ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_refugee_population, 
  from personal experience , czech republic yes , poland not so much . 
  so at worst they might suspend the treaties that you blame in the first place ? 
  i still do n't see where the bullying takes place . 
  what mechanism is germany supposed to use to sanction norway ? 
   however , a video does not lie . 
  yes it can , because every video or picture only tells a fraction of the story . 
  by selective selecting footage you can tell whatever story you want . 
  that 's what journalists exist for , giving source material context and putting it into a meaningful narrative . 
  france backed up germany on this , italy too : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/03/germany-france-eu-refugee-quotas-migration-crisis the warped view here is hilarious honestly . 
  the quota system at the moment is only opposed by a handful of nations . 
  you are aware that norway is not an eu member right ? 
  how exactly are you being bullied ? 
  did n't you know ? 
  the liberal mainstream media has conspired against the reddit truth-tellers !, 
  you ca n't trust the established brainwashed journalists , show me smartphone camera footage instead !, 
  i did get that three posts ago , but the term does n't exist because the mindset does n't exist . 
  the atheism popular at the moment is the exact same silly brand of atheism that the soviet union popularized decades ago , the people simply have n't grown out of it . 
  yes , and that * is my point * . 
  atheism is n't an identity to be proud of , it 's the absence of religion , it has no value . 
  and precisely because many young eastern europeans ( and eastern-germans ! ), 
  seem to have trouble identifying with anything they get scared of things that they are not . 
  or as angela merkel put it succinctly in bern a few days ago : instead of being scared of islam visit your church from time to time . 
  given the attitudes of a lot of eastern-european posters on this board they do n't sound like humanists at all . 
  they actually seem to advocate aggressive state atheism , probably because they are confused and insecure about their own identity . 
  it 's just interesting that you chose to go by a negative . 
  you could have said secular humanism , instead you went for ` atheist ' . 
  defining your identity by what you are not in contrast to your neighbour seems to be somewhat of a tragic ongoing theme in eastern europe that has produced some of the uglier conflicts in modern history . 
  i 'm sick of the nationalism practiced around us . 
  i do n't need to care about people who behave like pricks . 
  if germany would n't soak up the lion 's share of refugees at a pace that is barely sustainable all european border nations would be in big trouble . 
  to spin that into a narrative in which we are suddenly the bad guy is something that does n't actually deserve a serious response . 
   well , we are the most atheist country in the world ( with estonia ) , so that 's one thing we 'd be definitely losing in the long term . 
  is non-golfing your national sport ? 
   how would you write that law ? 
  restrictions on freedom of speech are not only very controversial ( i would disagree with such a law ) , but hard to enforce . 
  what is fundamentalism , and what is n't ? 
  that is untrue , in almost all european countries freedom of speech does not cover hate speech , the limits are well defined , and it has been that way for decades . 
  things that fall under hate speech are attacks on your religion or lack thereof , your gender , your sexual orientation , your ethnicity or incitement of violence against individuals or groups of people . 
  fundamentalism technically is strict adherence to some school of thought and * only * that school of thought , which is n't a problem per se if you 're a pot smoking sufi muslim or a jain , so in the troublesome sense a fundamentalist is someone who attacks other people for what constitutes their personality or simpler , violates what commonly falls under the umbrella of * humanist values or human dignity * . 
  1200 years after his death ?!, 
  that 's a little extreme, 
   germany that everyone is blaming now france is n't blaming us , that 's all i care about , why should i give a fuck about denmark throwing a hissy fit ? 
  you can be a democracy and pursue aggressive foreign policies at the same time , that 's not a contradiction . 
  and yes , i consider the uk 's stance towards an island thousands of kilometers aware in close proximity to other nations aggressive . 
  are there calculations that incorporate the mid and long term effect that the migration has on the demographic situation and labour market of finland ? 
  y' all motherfuckers need jesus , i 'm out of here, 
  given the posts on this subreddit i ca n't actually tell if that 's supposed to be a joke, 
  people seem to have forgotten that traditionally social-democrats represent the working class and not urban upper-class who favours environmentalist positions , that 's a niche that in most european countries is covered by the green parties . 
  tele5 and phoenix are my life, 
  we ca n't do entertainment , it 's incredible how bad it is . 
  with the exception of political cabaret , which is pretty good . 
  the refugee situation is a european matter , it ca n't be handled by nation states as we see right now . 
  when people flee from war they do n't care what borders we have drawn or what documents we want from them , that is the nature of the situation .
