  views of sexuality and marriage do n't end at the european border . 
  we live in a time of history where people can get out their smartphone and see that other people have rights that they do n't have and they can see the obvious injustice that exists . 
  people are n't willing any more to tolerate unequal treatment written into law simply because a good portion of the population considers it to be tradition . 
  the nature of marriage is that of a companionship between two ( or possibly more ? ), 
  people who accept mutual responsibility and want to create a life together . 
  this is good for society , it 's good for the people and as such it should be a definition everybody ought to be happy about . 
  half of heterosexual marriages in the developed world are childless anyway . 
  even among the opposite gender its antiquated role has largely changed . 
  half of them get divorced . 
  std rates are highest in the most conservative parts of the us . 
  not only is it discrimination , it 's also hypocrisy disguised as puritanism . 
  it 's completely absurd . 
   but traditional marriage have been around for thousands of years and it was always understood to be between a man and a woman first off , that 's wrong . 
  discrimination against gay people in chinese culture started only with western influence in the late 19th century . 
  this is true for several other ` non-western ' cultures as well . 
  furthermore monogamous marriage is a relatively new invention as well . 
  and sure i can call these people tyrants and oppressors . 
  i can call slave owner tyrants and oppressors as well , i do n't care if slavery has been around for thousands of years . 
   the strength of that argument relies on equating same-sex marriage and heterosexual marriage , which is n't always as convincing in one country as it is in another . 
  it 's about as convincing here as it is on mars . 
  there is no consistent argument for discrimination against everything that is n't a heterosexual monogamous relationship . 
  if it 's about the ability to reproduce , there are many possible constellations that enable childbearing , why are polyamorous marriages not allowed ? 
  why can infertile people marry ? 
  it 's nothing but discrimination based on ` tradition ' . 
  it 's about as arbitrary as discriminating someone based on the color of their skin . 
  we are constitutional parliamentary democracies ( most are anyway ) , and in these democracies the constitution tells the majority where their collective rights end and individual rights begin . 
  equality in front of the law , in this case marriage is something that should be part of every modern constitution . 
  i does n't matter if you consider this true democracy or not , but every alternative is shitty . 
  democracy is n't a screaming contest for demagogues . 
  an overwhelming amount of it is . 
  rape is n't just a vague term and should n't be conflated with sexual assault . 
  rape requires * forced penetration * either being penetrated or being forced to penetrate . 
  this very rarely happens in female to male cases . 
   ( yes i know most male rape is by other men ) then you 've answered the question yourself . 
  why should raped men be traumatized being around women ? 
  ca n't the case be made that the meaning of the word ` negro ' has changed so much that by adapting the language you preserve the artist 's intent ? 
  agatha christie 's * and then there were none * was originally named ' * ten little niggers * ' . 
  i very much doubt that she originally wanted to give the impression of writing a racist pamphlet . 
  also imagine you 're a black student in the netherlands and you are led through a museum with every other painting having the word negro in its title . 
  do you think the artists intent was to shame black museum goers ? 
  educate them , they 're overwhelmingly young . 
  no , we 're really not . 
  all sanctions up to this point have targeted individuals or state owned companies in the energy or defense sector . 
  the whole purpose of the sanctions was to not antagonize the russian public ( which obviously did n't work ) http://europa.eu/newsroom/highlights/special-coverage/eu_sanctions/, 
  well sure you can do that to if you want . 
  all i was saying is that the concept of `` limited jobs '' is a silly one . 
  people make up new jobs all the time , the information industry did n't really exist 40 years ago and today employs a significant part of the population . 
  yep and the thread gets quite heavily downvoted as well , ridiculous . 
  welcome to badeconomics . 
  absolute nonsense . 
  when old jobs go away people will create new jobs . 
  or else we would be all unemployed since the industrial revolution . 
  new technologies will create new services . 
  the internet has removed old jobs , but guess what , you can now be a developer , a maintainer or a content and service producer on the internet !, 
  that the whole population is n't occupied farming potatoes 24/7 is a good thing . 
  yep given the huge size of the sub the quality is insane . 
  the mods are doing a hell of a job . 
  notably most of the mods only mod askhistorians and/or a handful of other subs . 
  the mods managing dozens of subreddits always make me suspicious . 
  another quality internet platform that deserves a shoutout : http://plato.stanford.edu/, 
  sunnis did n't even bother to vote in the 2005 election and you know given the fact that iraq * does not exist any more de-facto * i think the evaluation that the democratic experiment failed is a pretty accurate one . 
  you do realize that the shia minority government was put in place and supported by the us right ? 
  the sunni alienation that by the way has now turned into isis is a direct consequence of the us mismanaging their occupation . 
  if you occupy a nation you better make sure that the day you leave it does n't turn into the hellhole it was in the first place or ends up even worse . 
  i 'm not willing to wave it off as `` it was shit '' . 
  it killed over a hundred thousand civilians . 
  this is not `` whoops i put the fork in the spoon drawer '' . 
  it 's the most colossal fuck-up and illegal military intervention post ww ii . 
  if we take europe 's staunch stance on russia as a reference , we should have suspended all existing treaties , sanctioned the us heavily and should have completely re-negotiated the relations . 
  the discrepancy is completely absurd . 
  and that is why there is so much pro-russian and anti-american sentiment among populists , people obviously notice the hypocritical behavior . 
  the us did start two other wars though with arguably bigger consequences for the european union , especially in terms of security , one which we as allies were more or less forced to participate in . 
  what russia did to ukraine is pretty awful , but the war on terror has cost us more money , more lives and more security without a question . 
  after the invasion of iraq there never was any talk from the european side whether the relationship to the usa needs to be rethought and whether it is still working in european interest . 
  that might be because they 're satirical cabaret , in political discourse having a positive opinion about the us is a pretty standard position to take . 
  the reason why us criticism is so prevalent among the cabaret might be precisely because that kind of attitude is largely absent in everyday politics . 
  `` science magazine recently confirmed again that climate change is real , their anti-gop bias is horrible ! '', 
  well they 've traditionally had pretty strong ties to the country , i do n't know why that would be inherently offensive . 
  i mean no one goes around counting `` pro-transatlantic '' people in the parliament as if having different views on geopolitics is a thought crime . 
  leverage is also not really the right word when it comes to the social democrats . 
  apart from schr\u00f6der who has n't any say in party politics any more opinions towards russia are n't bought . 
  it makes about as much sense as calling brandt a shill . 
  many homeless people are mentally unstable or addicted ( alcoholism is not the biggest problem in syria i imagine ) so taking someone like that in would be considerably more stressful than just taking in a ` regular ' refugee . 
   nobody argued against that . 
  but it is still punishing someone for having an opinion . 
  this is how the real world works . 
  you can behave how you want but you 'll have to live with the repercussions . 
  laws do n't protect you from somebody showing you where the door is . 
   please give me one example [ how about this ? 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/apr/29/hungary-pm-death-penalty-work-camps-for-immigrants-viktor-orban ), 
  `` hey , vlad . 
  listen to me . 
  i can make russia great again ! '', 
  `` no , donald . 
  please no . '', 
  `` trust me comrade , i make great deals ! '', 
  `` what have i done to deserve this '', 
  given the kind of stuff that comes from the hungarian right sorry for me not understanding the nuances of this case / s. 
  also dt has n't overreached . 
  they had a sponsorship contract , the person in question made statements that the telekom does not agree with , so they ended the sponsorship .
