   people critical of mass immigration should distance themselves from ignorant low lives like that . 
  that will be a little problematic because if you 'd start to draw venn diagrams of these two groups you might get more overlap than you 'd like . 
  the original schlieffen-plan actually assumed that belgium would just let germany pass , a war was never planned . 
  as moltke already succeeded schlieffen in 1906 i do n't think it 's fair to blame him . 
  the original schlieffen-plan was actually based on the idea that belgium would see germany 's overwhelming force and would let them pass without any major confrontation . 
  as moltke already succeeded schlieffen in 1906 i do n't think it 's right to blame good old alfred . 
  but the parliament ought to have the legislative initiative . 
  real politics at the moment is made in the commission . 
  the parliament being a glorified fail-safe is not the usual division of labour that you 'd find in a democratic state . 
  the eu is essentially a technocracy on top of democratic states , which practically is n't maybe the worst solution but it ca n't stay that way if we want serious european integration . 
  this is why people are so upset about ttip . 
  they might not even understand a lot about the thing or about how the european institutions function , but they do notice that there is a big democratic deficit . 
  well most democratic nations , organisations or whatever have fail-safes in the form of constitutions or similar law that prohibits undemocratic processes categorically , or simply put : in democracies you ought not to be able to vote for undemocratic stuff . 
  ( with the exception of security/intelligence related institutions ) categorical rights are an important part of every functioning democracy . 
  we could n't just tar and feather you tomorrow just because we want to . 
  the commission is essentially a form of benevolent bureaucratic authoritarianism if you want to call it that . 
  it works okay because the people running the institutions are held accountable on a national level and because they 're all very democratically minded people , but in itself the institution is inherently undemocratic . 
  if the eu wants further integration towards a legitimate federal institution the parliament needs to get its adequate role . 
  yes , it 's a body veil . 
  devout religious people wear those . 
  i wo n't dictate people what they want to wear , they 're not hurting anybody . 
  i live in cologne and i see nuns on a regular basis . 
  ( and women in niqabs ) , it does n't particularly upset me . 
  why would it ? 
  dressing modestly is part of christian culture as well . 
  ideology is the stuff your brain swims in , you ca n't live outside of it . 
  you might be too uneducated or not conscious enough too actually be aware of your own ideological beliefs ( which has become a staple among europe 's secular youth ) , that does n't mean that they do n't exist , quite the opposite actually . 
  pick up zizek if you have the time , might help you . 
  i really do n't know where all you people live . 
  millions of muslims live here * for decades already * . 
  students at my college are muslim , the grocery guy down the street is a muslim , the guy cutting my hair is a muslim , these are real people * that already practise islam in a way that does not contrast our culture * you are acting like muslims in europe are a new thing , this is not the case , why the ridiculous fear campaign ? 
  and obviously all religious people are stupid , are you twelve years old ? 
  nothing wrong with being religious , they 're preferable to the pseudo-enlightened edgelords who pester reddit . 
  i can answer ours , because we invaded goddamn belgium ... * moltke , what were you thinking ?!, 
  you are allowed to be religious on the european continent, 
  [ you have to get advice from the russians , they are experts on the topic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhambddvhfq ), 
  we are not pleased . 
  i declare this `` belgium '' to be dissolved , effective immediately . 
  many parts of europe did not have the high standard of living that they enjoy today , take a look at the gdp development of many eastern european and baltic countries for example . 
  a critical historical perspective of your own past is always relevant , even needed , for the individual as well for society as a whole . 
  deterrence and retribution have not been leading principles in german jurisprudence for decades , the focus has been rehabilitation and security for a very long time . 
  a look at the sentencing lengths alone should suffice . 
  also if we take a look at the outcome it 's easy to see that retribution is not stopping people from committing crimes . 
  the amount of violence that the us experiences everyday is off the charts , the recidivism rate of criminals is absolutely awful . 
  if outcome is of any importance we better all move in the direction of scandinavia as fast as we can . 
  that restorative justice systems work better at reducing crime is an empirical fact . 
  this is the same moral relativism that saudi arabia uses to justify flogging apostates . 
  we live on the same planet , if capital punishment is morally permissible you ought to be able to tell me why , but it truly is n't , it 's just bloodlust . 
  `` it 's our law , these are our customs '' was always just a justification for inhumane and barbaric behaviour . 
  why would a crime ever justify execution ? 
  it 's petty revenge . 
  it has nothing to do with justice our security . 
  having your freedom taken away for decades or until your life ends is an incredibly harsh punishment , but at least it gives the the person the chance to repent . 
  i would n't want to live in a society that treats a human life , even that of a murderer as if it can be thrown in the trash . 
  you are proud of the fact that you are executing your own citizens ? 
  no because it probably has n't happened . 
  people post glenn beck level stuff here all the time , the mods do n't care . 
  i live next to muslims , every fifth person or something at my university is muslim . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  leave your fucking house from time to time . 
  well kurds are also pretty nice people who have faced civil issues for decades , so there 's that . 
  stop kidding me , by that definition everybody would be hating the germans and the french , and we 'd hate each other the most . 
  you simply hate muslims , do n't try to give me crap about the ottoman empire . 
  no one stops you from doing that , but `` islam is garbage '' is not cultural criticism but the insult of a 12 year old . 
  depends on the context . 
  the laws exist to protect public peace and stop grave violations of human dignity . 
  i do n't think `` islam is garbage '' fits the criteria in most cases . 
  if you announce it on public television or your blog you might get fined , i do n't know of the last case that involved someone going to prison . 
  it wo n't in any european country . 
  please read up on what purpose the blasphemy laws actually serve . 
  there are not , but feel free to continue making stuff up . 
  if you spread jihadist stuff and the authorities get a grip on you you 'll get the same treatment . 
  is greenland trying to catch all the pokemon ? 
  the guy is wrong btw , we do n't ban religions . 
  we ban institutions and parties . 
  scientology as an organisations is always one step away from being banned , believing in scientology stuff is not bannable . 
  islam is n't really institutionalized anyway . 
  there is no german ` islamic church ' only a minority of muslims identifies with public muslim institutions like the ` zentralrat der muslime ' . 
  sentences that start with `` islam does '' do not make any sense . 
  `` islam '' is not a person or a group of people . 
  ideologies do n't do anything . 
  also iran is a republic that holds elections , in contrast to the secular absolutist monarchy that existed before . 
  yes , and what if too many martians immigrate to europe and replace our earthly laws ?!, 
  it 's not going to happen , it 's a scare fantasy . 
  if you want to have a discussion talk about things that actually might happen . 
  well to pinpoint this exact war on europe is probably not more than a educated guess , but practically all modern middle-eastern states are the result of post ww i colonialism and white dudes drawing funny lines in the sand . 
  they 're artificial constructs with very little logic to them , which is a major reason for the many fierce ethnic and religious conflicts we have at our hand , often including secular minority governments oppressing the local population . 
  hmm , by german standards that sounds pretty tame . 
  i dunno , how are we dominating you guys exactly ? 
  at least here in germany invalid votes and not voting makes no difference , they are only counted separately for statistical purposes , but an invalid vote would does not count as a vote . 
  i 'd be surprised if that would not be the case in poland . 
  http://www.wahlrecht.de/lexikon/ungueltig.html also a lowered vote count does not benefit smaller parties more than larger ones . 
  at the time the refugee convention was signed , which was after the second world war , germany took in 14 million refugees alone . 
  the number of refugees and displaced people after the second war completely dwarfs the current situation . 
  the dissolution of yugoslavia and the following wars also created millions of refugees and displaced . 
  no nothing about this is new , we 've had similar challenges in the past , we will have similar situations in the future . 
  it 's a strenuous task but nothing that we have n't or could n't handle . 
  a few territorial disputes keep the blood flowing !, 
  ( literally and metaphorically ), 
  so jet fuel * can * melt the greek economy ?
