  that 's actually what isis would do to you , so you might be a little closer to their ideology than you seem to be comfortable with . 
  the focus on rehabilitation of criminals of all sorts in scandinavia is a success story and something they ought to be proud of . 
  rehabilitated extremists are an extremely valuable resource for every country because they are among the few people that soon-to-be extremists actually listen to . 
  anti-american ideology is strong among europe 's native right and left , not so much among muslims , muslim immigrants or immigrants generally . 
  there occasionally is anti-zionism mixed up with anti-americanism among extremists , but not among the general population . 
  you 'll hear a lot more rants about america from your average german than you 'll ever hear from an immigrant . 
  i know about the risks of false positives in regards to mammographies or cancer screenings , but an ecg or ultrasound are , as i said , non invasive and will be confirmed by an cardiologist if something is suspicious , so there is no danger for the patient , radiation exposure or such . 
  one example of a very preventable heart disease is hypertrophic cardiomyopathy , it occurs in about 1 of 200 individuals and is the leading cause of sudden death in teenagers and young adults . 
  i wonder how much of the american consensus comes down to cost issues . 
  i do n't see it that way , i do n't mind that potentially saving people costs money . 
  i am very surprised that the american consensus is against these specific form of routine diagnostic , and i 've yet to meet a physician here who does n't check for these things at least once . 
  every doctor is able to differentiate a normal ecg from an abnormal one and the chance to diagnose a false positive on a heart ultrasound is n't higher compared to any other routine examination . 
  if your general practitioner should find an abnormality he will always consult a cardiologist before any invasive diagnostic is done . 
  where does the notion come from that the two procedures i mentioned produce ` loads of false positives ? ', 
  having net exports means a net capital outflow out of the eurozone . 
  it does n't benefit european citizens , it does benefit the countries that get the goods . 
  it is our , and only our problem . 
  it 's pretty great butter, 
  violent resistance is valid if a group of people is being persecuted , would face ethnic cleansing , is systematically being oppressed for decades and has no political or legal means to change their situation . 
  you ca n't expect a people to be treated as second class citizens or worse forever . 
  civilian death is never justified in the sense that there is any case in which it would n't be horrible or mournful , but in a conflict between oppressor and suppressed civilian casualties tend to occur on both sides , and often terror might be the only tool the oppressed have at hand . 
  it 's easy to fight a ` clean war ' if you happen to be the oppressor , and during colonial times it was a popular tool of the colonialists to point out their moral superiority in contrast to the ` savages ' and their barbaric fighting methods . 
  keep in mind though that i am not saying that this necessarily applies to this conflict , but it is intellectually dishonest to slap the terrorist label on someone and be done with it . 
  i 'm not doing you the favour of going down the israel-palestine rabbit hole , as this is not the topic of the thread and would not end well . 
  without judging the particular case of kurds and turkish people , slapping down such movements with `` you are supporting terrorists '' is cheap . 
  if you 'd rigorously employ that logic europe would still be ruled by monarchies , south-africa would be an apartheid state and the us would not exist . 
  violent resistance is not always unwarranted , the question is if each specific case warrants the use of force and if actual oppression is taking place . 
  that sucks , even with insurance you 're going to pay for an ultrasound and an ecg ? 
  everybody who see 's this , no matter if you 're fit and young , just get an ultrasound and an ecg done every few years . 
  your general practitioner can do it , it takes 15 minutes and it rules out a lot of structural heart diseases that can go undetected . 
  there 's no reason not to do it . 
  there is absolutely no conflict between critical thought , `` questioning reality '' and being a religious person , and that has been the case ever since conservative enlightenment philosophy including thinkers like leibniz who made reconciling religion , science and philosophy one of his primary goals . 
  theology after all is nothing but investigating religious claims and ideas through rational thought . 
  there 's nothing ` uncritical ' about it . 
  we could actually need a few more theologians today . 
  the current unreflected mainstream belief in outdated positivism and the fame of the so called `` new atheists '' does n't indicate that a lot of people have actually invested a lot of thought into religious ideas themselves . 
   the current situation is horrible and i do n't really see how separation of church and state disallows the exchange of ideas . 
  can you elaborate on this ? 
  separating church and state , or in other words drawing a line between religious and otherwise public life creates ` social bubbles ' and echo chambers . 
  societies need friction to create healthy discourse . 
  people need to be able to voice their religious convictions , they need to be able to challenge secular thought and vice versa so that we can have a productive environment were everyone 's ideas get heard . 
   if no religion gets preferential treatment , then no religion gets disadvantaged . 
  it actually levels the playing field . 
  i did n't say that any religious group should be singled out , so i do n't see how this addresses my post . 
   excuse me ? 
  no evangelicals in germany ? 
  the german union of evangelical free churches has more than 2 million members ( and these only are the ones that are member churches ) . 
  evangelical as in : i raise my kid is home , jesus cures my illness and evolution does n't exist . 
  we do n't have a lot of those folks . 
  regarding the last point : i did n't shift the responsibility for extremism on a single actor , so do n't accuse me of it . 
  but isolation does not help . 
  it shuts down discussion . 
  we already have the problem of living in a completely depoliticized society that is afraid of talking about anything that matters and ironically secularists are more afraid than anybody else of having their often superficial ideas challenged by anybody else . 
  people do n't lose their religious convictions because we shut them out of the political process , on the contrary it takes the ability of the state away to influence religious life . 
  the current situation is very good . 
  why ? 
  because it allows a steady exchange of ideas between religious institutions , public institutions , and the population . 
  why do you think it is that sectarian evangelicals live in the american south and not in germany ? 
  because there is a protestant church in germany that strongly interacts with society and thus does not turn into a cult . 
  it adds social ` checks and balances ' . 
  it also works the other way around , it gives religious people an authentic way to participate in political life and does n't shut them out , which does no good to anybody . 
  laicism is an utter failure . 
  you ca n't just shut people 's core beliefs out of public life and hope that this means they vanish . 
  on the contrary it fosters isolation , extremism , and creates social divide . 
  it 's simply a form of social warfare . 
  one group of people wants the complete control on public discourse and public life out of a feeling of smug superiority . 
  it is what creates both prejudice on the side of non-muslims in europe and actual extremism and hate within muslim communities in europe . 
  what we need to do is create public islamic scholarships that creates an islam that is progressive and compatible with our society , * just as we do with catholics and protestants * . 
  it is incorporation of religion into public life that makes inclusion and creation of a common cultural identity possible , secularism hands us exactly zero tools to do that . 
  edit : ah yes i should have just written `` ermahgerd teh cherch '' , fuck you reddit, 
  if you think you need to be a secularist to be a great historical philosopher you 're in for a cultural shock, 
  the soviet union went from being an agrarian state to shooting the first human into space over the course of a few decades , your remark is absolutely wrong . 
  they were pretty shitty at farming and consumer products but they managed to modernize their economy in practically no time . 
  i was referring to kasich . 
  he seemed to emphasis his religious convictions , though . 
  the gay marriage guy , he actually seemed like a decent person compared the others . 
  after seeing that debate yesterday , i have to say that your country scares the living crap out of me . 
  the old religious guy was cool though . 
  http://imgur.com/fulrdog yep , the european media is heavily biased towards austerity policies , but if that is a recovery i do n't want to know what failure looks like . 
  yep , this is a ridiculous place . 
  even germany 's populist afd embraces this position lol . 
  this sub has truly gone off the deep end . 
  it 's like saying that you 're back on your feet after you 've gained a hundred pounds and lost ten . 
  same is true for ireland btw , the debt has nearly quadrupled compared to pre-crisis levels . 
  you are underestimating the horror that changing stuff in a bureaucracy is . 
  munich switched to oss a few years ago , it cost them millions of dollars and they nearly rolled it all back . 
  you need to transfer everything over to the new system , people need to learn the new software , you need to fix new problems , it 's incredibly complicated and will cost you a lot of money . 
  yes . 
  i do n't understand why people do n't get this . 
  china did n't build the chinese firewall to keep glorious western textbooks out , they did it to make business for big foreign companies unbearable so that they could create their own ones and 20 years later that has actually worked out to a reasonable degree . 
  this is actually true for all of the ` asian tigers ' , all of them have gone from infant economies to ( somewhat ) modern economies with the help of protectionist measures . 
  which again is a really hard thing to do on the scale of a country . 
  maybe it contains a prothean message , someone should touch it !, 
  it 's funny really because especially we ought to know what happens if you squeeze a people until they ca n't take it anymore and what humiliation can do to a society . 
  thank you for bringing logic into this thread, 
  you did n't even try to understand what i wrote at all , congratulations . 
  you also do n't seem to understand what labour productivity is . 
   we had a civil war just once in our history here , and that was when you germans thought you were gods . 
  do you know what the yugoslav wars are ? 
  is this comment supposed to be a joke ?
