  hungarians do n't have natural rights to sponsorships . 
  apart from that the hungarian government says much sillier things on a regular basis anyway . 
  well they then surely can do business with someone that shares their ` conservative ' mindset ? 
  the problem being of course that cavemen are n't very good at running telecommunication companies . 
  it does n't actually mean anything . 
  this nonsense has become the religion of neckbeards on the internet who want a carte blanche regardless of what they say . 
  because they truly are the little closet racists and fascists that they pretend not to be . 
  props for voicing your opinion in this cesspool . 
  i know that it 's not about 100 % proof , but it 's just not enough , and it frankly would n't be the first case of someone being falsely accused of rape in the hope of making a lot of money from it . 
  rape has a notoriously low conviction rates because most rape takes place in situations like these . 
  as long as we do n't want to give up the principle of `` innocent until proven guilty '' these types of cases will often turn out like this . 
  there is no direct evidence of violence , the two girls were drunk and voluntarily slept over at his house , one had consensual sex with him , it 's just a messed up situation . 
  given the fact that merkel 's opinion in regards to how to negotiate with the uk seems to enjoy broad support in the eu i guess . . yes ? 
  merkel has always taken a rather compromising stance when it comes to the uk and i think her relationship with cameron is pretty good . 
  people like juncker or schulz have always held much stauncher positions . 
  the other alternative version is that two young drunk chicks went home with a rich guy , they both might have had sex with him , and the next day one of them decided to interpret it as rape . 
  it is irrelevant what might have happened , to convict someone of a crime the prosecutor needs to * proof * that your version is true . 
  in that specific case he stated that he had sex with the 24 year old friend and used this to explain how the semen got on the other girl as she allegedly pulled him on top of him . 
  i do n't know if the 24 year old has confirmed this , but it seems to be at least possible . 
   in this case , the girl was sleeping . 
  there would not be lacerations of the same kind . 
  his guilt needs to be established , he does not need to proof his innocence , this is how our legal system operates . 
  no , lacerations and bruises found on rape victims are not common even when it comes to `` rough sex '' . 
  evidence needs to be `` meaningful '' , not `` damning '' . 
  the presence of semen on the other hand only is evidence that sexual intercourse took place . 
  it says absolutely nothing about the circumstances , this is why dna evidence is almost never used in rape cases . 
  if the accused already agrees to the fact that intercourse took place there is nothing further that dna evidence could show . 
  well there are quit a lot of complications that can occur , from bleeding and pain , to infections in the womb if the fetus is not completely removed , some of them are quite serious . 
  the earlier the abortion happens the lower the risk , but it is a surgical procedure and such naturally much more invasive than a pill . 
  also the psychological effects of abortion can be quite negative , which should n't be underestimated . 
  physical injury that clearly indicates forced penetration . 
  because an abortion is an invasive risky procedure that causes a lot of distress and pain to the woman , do you want to force somebody to do that or not take responsibility if they do n't ? 
  that is up to the mother to decide . 
  biology is n't fair that way . 
  the women carries it , she gets to decide . 
  if you ca n't live with that risk do n't screw around . 
  being horny does n't remove you from responsibility . 
  the most important thing in such a case are the interests of the child . 
  if you get someone pregnant live with it and take responsibility , or buy a condom . 
  the lecture makes clear that there is no biological distinct point at which life starts , i 'm not sure what you are referring to . 
  well it is life from a biological standpoint plain and simple . 
  how much rights an unborn child has is an ethical , not a medical question . 
  and if we would indeed come to the conclusion that is has certain rights , the libertarian argument is a silly one . 
  free choice ends when the harm of others is involved . 
  [ for an actual informed introduction to the topic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnbni3d2utg ), 
  do n't actually get an illegal abortion op , it 's not safe and in case there are medical complications which are not rare you are pretty screwed , do n't do this , it is very shitty advice . 
  also talk to your girlfriend and respect her choice if she chooses to have the child . 
  i do n't hate others , i just do n't like people who grow up in a developed country , do not give a crap about their education , wonder why they end up at the bottom of the social ladder , and then go on to blame immigrants and refugees while at the same time wanting to live under a paternalistic state that takes care of their personal lives . 
  and this is a new thing . 
  the working class of the 60 's and 70 's did not act like this . 
  what they did was unionize , joined the social democrats and bargained for what they wanted to have and put a truckload of political effort in . 
  there is a silly sense of entitlement and egoism among the current working youth that is unfathomable . 
  make nothing of yourself and just run after the next best right-wing populist . 
  if you get a college education or learn a craft in europe you can get a good job and feed a family , absolutely no problem . 
  depending on the job market you might have to move , but that has always been the case . 
  i come from a working class background , my parents worked since they were 16 , were not be able to go to college and have somehow not turned into xenophobic idiots . 
  they also made less money in their first few years then you now get in college support from the state . 
  with the exception of greece which has been horribly screwed over , people need to stop to bitching around all goddamn time . 
  go to college , get a degree in something that is n't underwater basketweaving and you can get a job and live a good life , tuition free in europe in almost any country . 
  you can also create a family like people did in the 60s of course , if you want to live like people in the 60 's did . 
  if you want to have 5 kids , a television , the newest gadgets and two fancy cars you 're going to have to work your ass off . 
   young people engaging and participating in the democratic process in droves is `` dangerous for democracy '' , because it does n't reflect our pre-conceived notions of what is acceptable as a political ideology european democracy its defined by it 's institutions , the state of law , constitutional rights , enlightenment ideals and so on . 
  a mob of 20-something young hormone enraged males leading the political discourse is n't the european idea of democracy . 
  total mobilization of the population is a core idea of fascism , not of democracy . 
  they obviously ca n't say that they support nazi ideology because they know how retarded it is so deniers simply claim that it did n't happen . 
  the effect is the same , they try to whitewash the nazis of their history . 
  historical revisionism is an age old tool to condone historical injustices . 
  she is a holocaust denier , so yes obviously she was convicted . 
  what exactly is your point ? 
  yep also women participation in the workforce is lower than in the anglo-sphere , so i 'm not so sure about these economic arguments . 
  might be more of a cultural thing . 
  a lot of american expats i met during university married pretty much as fast as they got their degree . 
  i barely know anybody here who married before 30 . 
  yes , even then . 
  as i said , i was making a general point though . 
  several people during the stuttgart 21 protests if you still remember those lost their eye sight partially due to the use of water throwers . 
  the police was actually found guilty of using excessive force and brutality just a month ago . 
  http://www.thelocal.de/20151118/stuttgart-police-found-guilty-of-brutality that the police usually displays a disproportionate amount of force when the demonstrators align with autonomous groups is also quite ridiculous while neo-nazi groups in dortmund earlier this year could demolish a green campaign center and were happily escorted to the train-station . 
  was more of a general point about the police being quick with the water throwers and the tear gas . 
  tell that to our police force, 
  by `` multiculturalism has failed '' angela merkel refers to the fact that our society needs rules , values , ideals and so on we all agree upon and that are honored by every member of society . 
  this can be the case in a nation with immigration . 
  she is not an advocate of some * v\u00f6lkisch * regressive nationalism . 
  you can uphold humanitarian responsibilities and at the same time demand integration . 
  this was the idea since the inception of the federal republic . 
  there is absolutely no contradiction in her statement . 
   new left loves progress so hard they can never be content , their ideology is incompatible with ideal state , because that would make the ideology of progressivism obsolete . 
  i think that 's a gross misrepresentation . 
  there are two reasons why ` the left ' seems extreme : 1 . 
  a general apolitical society in which ` politicizing ' something is seen as negative , everything needs to be consensus oriented , follows a ` market based ' model , all the stuff the millennials love pretty much . 
  every form of political organisation is suspect , any systemic criticism extremist and so on . 
  egocentric individualism , some form of unconscious ideology . 
  a heavy shift towards the right , among the working class disenfranchised youth that is not seeing the benefits of what group 1 is advocating but also is n't left wing and has regressed towards traditionalism , nationalism law and order stuff etc. 
  it 's basically the other side of the coin of religious extremism but with nationalism and populism instead . 
  also zizek is definitely not a reactionary , he 's not the camille paglia of communism . 
  he 's a very real socialist and you really need to read his work before putting him into that corner , he does not align with any policy advocated on europe 's right side of the political spectrum . 
  to look at the left as extreme is kind of silly really if you look at historical left movements . 
  take the vietnam protesters for example . 
  universities in japan did n't work * for a year * because they were blockaded by students across the country . 
  hippie movements in the 70 's formed what were essentially giant cults so big that conservatives in the us thought that the country will turn communist .
