  you do realize though that the consumer also is a worker right ? 
  if prices drop at the same pace as salaries i have gained zilch . 
  `` competitiveness '' is an absolutely atrocious concept and it baffles me why it is even popular . 
  the only interesting metric in regards to labour is productivity because it represents net gain for society . 
  it does n't matter if you get hit in the face by 500 or 470 russian warheads , if it comes to that we 're toast . 
  there 's consensus about this in the military community , too . 
  [ related article ] ( http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-na-missile-defense-20140615-story.html#page=1 ) there has never been a large scale test of the technology comparable to a nuclear war , and even the simulations against `` rogue state '' attacks with single missiles have proven unreliable . 
  i 'm not sure you even read my post . 
  anti-ballistic missile shields are only sufficiently effective in a scenario in which nuclear capabilities have already been reduced because the technology is very unreliable . 
  this means that if russia is going to attack anybody with it 's many nukes right now the missile shield is useless . 
  the only time it becomes useful is if somebody launches a nuclear attack * on * russia to reduce their nuclear ability , and then uses the missile shield to avoid/reduce retaliation . 
  it 's not a tool of protection because it is only of use to an aggressor . 
  the missile shield really is a shitty idea , as it 's considered to be a first-strike enabler rather than a defensive weapon because it 's only effective if a first strike has reduced nuclear capability beforehand . 
  mad is actually * a good thing * , it was one of the reasons the cold war never got hot . 
   hitler was elected , just so you know . 
  yes i know , which proves my point . 
  hitler should never have been allowed to participate in an election . 
  it 's highly unlikely that a country with ongoing territorial disputes is going to become a nato member , so the frozen conflict state is n't advantageous for ukraine in that regard . 
  it 's also not advantageous for national unity as it 's clearly splitting the popular opinion in the country . 
  either a clear loss or gain of the territories in question would lead to what you are describing , which is why russia is so eager to keep this conflict going . 
  i can not follow the article 's conclusion that the frozen conflict is a ukrainian advantage , it surely has n't been the case in any of the other autonomous regions . 
  i 'm not trying to advocate some kind of world spanning glorious empire here , especially because the russians have n't exactly been the nicest hegemon , but what is clear that the kind of tribalism that the balkans have had going on for decades is n't exactly a civilizatory success . 
  all i 'm saying is that states that are founded on something that is not ethnicity are a step in the right direction . 
  there are actually very clear european standards as to what is considered undemocratic , among them are racism , promotion of violence , discrimination based on ethnicity , religion , gender and so on . 
  if a political party participates in this kind of stuff they have no right to be part of the democratic process . 
  it 's not about what you have in common it 's about what 's better for the people living in the region . 
  as far as history goes tribalism in the balkans has a notoriously bad track record . 
  there 's a reason ` balkanization ' is a pejorative term on its own right . 
  there 's nothing more brutal than civil war along ethnical lines in the second or third world , it 's simply no way to form a modern society . 
  alpha radiation is dangerous when absorbed into your body , say breathing contaminated air . 
  it 's obviously not dangerous from a distance . 
  uranium is a relatively poor candidate for a dirty bomb , but you can use it to build one . 
   how can you know the history of slavic people and still maintain that we 're destined to be `` brothers '' ? 
  by looking at history and what happens when they act like they are n't . 
  democracy is n't `` everybody gets to vote anybody into office '' . 
  it 's a system that 's based on enlightenment principles and categorical rights . 
  extremists have no justification to run democratic institutions . 
  a `` dirty bomb '' is n't an atomic bomb , but a conventional weapon that spreads radioactive material . 
  it 's not even terribly radioactive but a high enough dosage would still cause damage . 
   but su was not that and still russian national superiority was very strong narrative . 
  well the su definitely was modeled after `` socialism in one country '' which definitely is nationalist ideology . 
  trotsky-style internationalism did n't play that big of a role , maybe it would have been better if they would n't have chased him away . 
  well every nation state or empire is based on national superiority , i would n't call it insane . 
  there 's also nothing inhumane about it in contrast to racial nazi ideology . 
  in regards to communism , for all practical purposes i think it 's fair to call the su or mao 's china and so on communist , just as i call america capitalist . 
  i 'm not interested in fantasy ideologies . 
  wrong in the sense that the usually level of shittiness did n't exist , but true in the sense that communist ideology was not inherently based on racial superiority or some similar insane concept . 
  also the women part is pretty much true , even today russia has the highest ratio of females in business leadership positions . 
  a little dose of socialism and atheism really did wonders to gender equality . 
  claims on territory made by norway have already been affirmed by the un a while ago , so i think they simply do n't want any more of it . 
  well the blue ring is supposed to symbolize the earth 's atmosphere ( and there 's a metal ring with other planets on it around it ) . 
  so putting the continent that lies on the equator seems pretty reasonable given the ` globalized ' and futuristic theme of the coin . 
  investment will not increase our debt to gdp ratio . 
  saving is what increases your debt ratio . 
  * that is what every economist on this planet tries to tell policy makers in europe for the last six years * . 
  this is hilarious because you are exactly making the mistake that allegedly everybody who disagrees with me understands . 
  tell that to the german government which is trying to run a balanced budget during a european recession while we can literally borrow money for nothing . 
  there is no rational reason for this . 
  it 's fetishism for `` frugality '' and `` responsible decision making '' and it 's pure ideology . 
  this is no joke , there is a public poll conducted every year about the ten worst fears of the german citizens , and inflation ranks almost always 1 . or 2 . while cancer was on the 8 . place last year . 
  and there is n't even any inflation . 
  i do n't see why some local person should get a free pass at a job while someone who might come from a much worse background of poverty is supposed to be barred entry . 
  i do n't have any sympathy for people who are born in a privileged nation and make absolutely nothing out of their lives . 
  i have empathy for people who risk their lives coming here and try to make the best of it . 
  edit : also great job on that throwaway account , keep the downvotes coming, 
  i 'm not demonizing them as long as they do n't demonize poor people who often come to their country with the hope for a better life . 
  the average fast food worker might be 29 years old but he is definitely not overqualified . 
  in the developed world college education still offers you great career opportunities . 
  now if you 've majored in underwater basketweaving you knew beforehand that getting a well paying job might be difficult . 
  the countries in which a college education does not guarantee you a job at the moment are by the way the countries that also suffer heavily from emigration , not immigration . 
  also i might add that my comment might have been a little too snarky . 
  many poor workers do n't actually have a problem with immigrants , a lot of them work with them on a daily basis and are too often being instrumentalized by agitators . 
  i do n't know why you are complaining , where can i order these damn shirts ? 
   , points out the negative impact illegal immigrants have on the livelihoods of native born poorer workers . 
  if your job can be done by an illegal immigrant , how about you get a fucking education and quit the bitching ? 
  why are we supposed to keep people out of the labour market who want a shot at life ? 
  especially in the context of the us this is such a non-argument . 
  the country is literally founded on the idea that people can go there and try to make the best out of their lives no matter where they come from . 
  well the guy that was fired was the * generalbundesanwalt * , which means he 's literally the prosecutor of the state , representing the state in a court of law . 
  i do n't think there really is a conflict here . 
  it 's hard to do that job without being held responsible by the ministry of justice . 
  if he was n't under supervision how would he be held accountable ? 
  this case shows that it 's actually pretty good that the government has the ability to intervene here , as it creates a form of public control about who the government sues . 
  most of this board is not pro-eu and there 's a lot of racism against the greeks around here , too . 
  couple that with the inability of most people to understand that government budgets do n't work like household budgets or anything related to basic economics or accounting and the opinion of varoufakis here is n't exactly surprising . 
  just look at the public opinion about sch\u00e4uble . 
  he 's a guy who had to lay down all his positions about a decade ago because he was involved in a 100k bribe involving an arms dealer . 
  that there is widespread belief that someone like this is more `` reliable '' than varoufakis and at the moment the most popular german politician shows how far the cognitive dissonance goes . 
  i do n't think the pivot to asia should be interpreted as a move to counter china but rather as a try to build up mutual relations with china and to have the us as a mediator between japan-china and several smaller nations . 
  if the us would try to counter china they 'd just park their navy in the pacific , arm japan up to the teeth and be done with it , but it clearly looks like at least the democratic party is trying to improve the diplomatic relations . 
  i did n't assert that i think that a multi-polar world is a peaceful or desirable thing , i simply acknowledged that it will happen if it has n't happened already . 
  even the us has acknowledged that fact given obama 's `` pivot to asia ' in an attempt to appease china rather than go on a confrontation course which would be the only reasonable solution if the us were really convinced that they 're going to determine the global order in the 21st . 
  century . 
  this is only true as long as the us is the worlds strongest economy , which it will soon not be anymore . 
  china will match the us in a few years and depending on the forecast china will double or triple the us in about twenty years . 
  when we will find ourselves in that multi-poplar situation china has no reason to value us relations higher than russian relations which are naturally closer aligned . 
   the brics are a group of developing economies with high potential , they are n't some sort of alliance against the developed world or a counterpart to nato or anything else beyond being a grouping of developing economies with high potential . 
  that is not true at all . 
  the brics definitely want a multi-polar world , putin and xi-jinping pretty much anounce it on a monthly basis . 
  the `` shanghai five '' have literally been founded with that purpose in mind and india and pakistan have just joined the organisation .
