  well it was first implemented in the us during ww i and ii to save energy for the war production , so . . 
  i guess he might have been shot ? 
  the problems mentioned in the video address electronic voting in principle . 
  there 's a report from the university of michigan specifically on the estonian e-voting system though , which came to the conclusion that :  what we found alarmed us . 
  there were staggering gaps in procedural and operational security , and the architecture of the system leaves it open to cyberattacks from foreign powers , such as russia . 
  these attacks could alter votes or leave election outcomes in dispute . 
  we have confirmed these attacks in our lab -- they are real threats . 
  we urgently recommend that estonia discontinue use of the system . 
  https://estoniaevoting.org/ there 's pretty much consensus among security experts that e-voting systems pose greater risk than reward . 
  the centralized nature of digital data and easy manipulation makes it by design unfit for carrying out elections . 
  the estonian system specifically has been demonstrably rigged under lab conditions , which you can also find on the webpage . 
  and you would be right . 
  [ regarding the conceptual problems of electronic voting ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3_0x6oadmi ), 
  not even slavery is slavery . 
  islamic slavery for example varied excessively from chattel slavery practiced by the norse , including property rights for the slave , religious freedoms , the possibility to convert and cease being a slave , certain basic rights and so on . 
  and serfdom by any standard is definitely not slavery , that 's a ridiculous statement . 
  it 's also utterly ridiculous to characterize a pre-modern society by its ` tolerance of lgbt people ' . 
  that concept is barely a few decades old . 
  your focus on these popular culture things makes me think that the majority of your historical education stems from video games and comic books . 
  when discussing the medieval ages and the vikings there are many thing to talk about . 
  witch hunts and lgbt ` rights ' being pretty far down the list . 
  can you define progressive here please ? 
  chattel slavery for example was practiced way longer by the norse than by medieval europe which had replaced it with serfdom much sooner . 
  not to mention that the catholic church was pretty much a center for literature/research and so on in the medieval world . 
  norse society was largely organized in regional tribes , the concept of statehood did n't even really exist , most information was transmitted orally . 
  to describe this society is progressive is about precise as claiming that cavemen were environmentalists . 
  your statement sounds like some hipster neo-pagan phrase more than a factual statement . 
  no , it 's not just nitpicking . 
  the gulf states are fighting isis alongside western nations and arming rebels * against assad * . 
  that weapons get in the hands of isis is a byproduct , not a goal , because there 's nothing in it for the gulf states . 
  a growing isis threatens the gulf states because isis considers them to be illegitimate states . 
  isis regularly commits terrorist attacks in saudi arabia . 
  that individuals in the gulf states finance isis for ideological reasons is true but also irrelevant from a foreign relations perspective . 
  it 's a ridiculous reasoning stemming from the idea that saudi arabia = radical muslim ; isis = radical muslim =  sa = isis q.e.d it 's utter nonsense politically . 
  you are shifting the goalpost . 
  yes qatar has financed syrian rebels , so has the us . 
  ** publicly ** . 
  again your assertion was `` qatar finances isis '' . 
  please show me evidence for that precise claim . 
  that rebel equipment gets in the hands of terrorists is another topic . 
  you made an assertion , back it up . 
  spoiler alert , you wo n't be able to . 
  there has been no direct financing of isis through the gulf states , which would make no sense at all either , because as political entities isis and the gulf states are diametrically opposed . 
  can you show me sources on qatar financing isis , as in the qatari state or public officials ? 
  well the cartoon implies that the weapon exports are somehow related to the refugee situation , which is n't true at all . 
  like not even in a polemic way , it 's just stupid . 
  it 's justified to criticize weapon exports to qatar but not because we 're somehow fueling civil wars with it . 
  terrorism is usually associated with people who are actually part of political terrorist organisations . 
  these completely isolated people who commit political terrorism are a very new phenomenon . 
  we had terrorist organisations for a long time and we have people who go on killing sprees for a long time , but the combination of the two only popped up very recently , especially since extremist forums and so on have become increasingly popular and people radicalize themselves completely over the internet . 
  grew poland 's economy by 50 % inflation adjusted over a decade ? 
  poland has developed really , really well over the last years , much better than most european countries . 
  i do n't get why polish people are so salty all the time . 
  seriously though pls do n't elect populists poland : (, 
  well the statement `` violence is violence '' is simply ridiculous . 
  violence can range from being justified ( in the case of self-defense , collective defense against oppressors ) to excessive ( vigilantism , disproportionate amount of force in otherwise legitimate situations ) , to being straight out abhorrent ( in connection to base motives like greed , rape and so on ) . 
  obviously the intention of a person using violence is key in determining how unjust their action was which again is key in determining the punishment . 
  ( `` let the punishment fit the crime '' ) . 
  that 's as old as the codex hammurabi , so i really do n't know why this needs to be discussed at length, 
   i still havent figured out why ethnic violence is different to regular old violence . 
  . . you have n't figured out why the legal concept of a motive exists ? 
  if you have enough fireworks you can use them to make improvised homemade bombs , as it says in the article, 
  is it so hard to not mix everything together ? 
  the liberation of europe at the cost of 20 million lives is something that deserves recognition . 
  not to mention that the nazis planned an almost complete eradication of all slavic people which makes the historical relativism concerning . 
  [ nobody can resist lenin !, 
  well the punk scene has been subverting right-wing symbols for a very long time , too . 
  it 's like satanists using christian symbols . 
  it 's an old trope to take the symbolism of ideologies and turn them around . 
  rammstein itself has very often stated that they 're personally left-leaning and i really do n't think there 's anything in their music that would imply otherwise . 
  this kind of occult adoption of nazi stuff happens in foreign countries all the time . 
  just look at all the aryan branches in the us who stutter in broken german and have basically no idea what they 're saying , or the kkk with its weird rituals . 
  it 's like some kind of mysticism to them . 
  according to [ this article ] ( http://www.dn.se/nyheter/sverige/en-21-aring-som-gillade-nazityskland-men-ocksa-rammstein/ ) he was apparently following mra and atheist youtube channels so your bet is n't that far off i guess . 
  it this going to be the next thing ? 
  basement-dwelling neckbeards going on killing sprees ? 
   foreigners having stupid stereotypes about germans and associate them with ww2 is n't their problem well , no one said that . 
  he was just explaining why someone who does n't speak german and does n't know anything about rammstein could misinterpret the bands imagery . 
  ... that 90 + % of their victims are other muslims living in the middle east ? 
  that 's not at all what everybody is thinking . 
  ukraine 's biggest trading partner is russia , have you seen the gas deals they 've made recently , they 're so pro putin !, 
   you 'll see a huge demographic shift , and rather than taking their values for granted , people will have to fight for them . 
  because in the peaceful and sane 20th century when there were no evil brown people in europe we could take our values for granted lol or when geniuses decided to draw a fucking wall through our country , nope gdr citizens could take their freedoms for granted cause no muslims . 
  there is some wiggling room between jingoistic adventures at the other end of the world and tolstoyesque pacifism . 
  well the economic mix of export based industry , welfare state and social corporatism even is similar today , although japan seems to have cranked up the latter to eleven on a scale of ten, 
  the last time i pointed that out someone pm ` ed me that i should go hang myself lol , these people have completely gone off the deep end . 
  well the guys in dresden also happen to have absolutely no clue about islam , so we might have a common pattern here , it 's almost like people are irrationally afraid of things they are ignorant about, 
  well maybe because anti ttip protests do n't have half hour speeches by a guy proclaiming that he is `` sad that the kz 's are out of commission '' and also ttip protests are n't being organized by a person who has been imprisoned , charged with violent assault , has fled to south africa to escape his prison sentence ( effectively making him a refugee , lol ) and who occasionally dresses up as hitler , [ literally ] ( http://www.nwzonline.de/rf/image_online/nwz_cms/nwz/2014-2016/produktion/2015/01/22/politik/2/bilder/bachmann--431x337.jpg ), 
  no , i do n't have to adjust myself to anything . 
  this is about enabling religious folks to exercise their religion , no adjustment for anybody else necessary , and if it helps them to exercise their religion it is by definition not wasted given the fact that people have a constitutional right to practice their respective religions . 
  zoolander, 
  what is important to know in this context is that greece 's pension system is pretty much the social system , all other forms of social security are drastically underdeveloped . 
  this is obviously worthy of criticism itself but explains the large difference between greece and other european countries . 
  if you take a look at the [ social expenditure as % of gdp overall ] ( http://ftalphaville.ft.com/files/2014/11/oecd-social-spending-as-a-share-of-gdp.png ) you 'll see that greece is n't ranking especially high . 
  secularism tries to provide the biggest degree of ` self-realization ' for all people , religious and non-religious . 
  it 's supposed to provide the biggest amount of freedom for everybody as long as long as other people 's freedoms are n't in danger . 
  enabling people to live their religious or non-religious lives is a core part of secularism , it 's not soviet style atheism . 
  by providing additional menus in school you are not hurting anybody 's freedoms , you are simply enabling people to have more choices , which is completely compatible with secularism . 
  secularism means that everybody is free to practice or not practice a religion . 
  secularism is not state-atheism .
