  having a society in which everybody has to work less and we get a lot of happy people with a lot of free time sounds great to me . 
  well i think it 's rather simple , everybody should profit from technological progress equally . 
  that means if an economy loses a lot of jobs due to automatization , the resulting profits should be evenly distributed through taxation , social welfare or whatever , so that the average person sees a reduction in work time . 
   we keep inventing machines and ways to reduce the amount of human labor , yet we do n't really direct those results to actually help humanity work less . 
  you should keep in mind that the nature of labour has also changed . 
  you can now work as a youtube celebrity , or as a software engineer , or as an artist . 
  the 18th century peasant that broke his back in a mine or a field would n't even consider this a job . 
  so it 's not entirely true that we still keep people in `` labour slavery '' , we have given a lot of people the freedom to seek education and express themselves , we just happen to still be paid for it and call it work . 
  sure there are still people around who do menial labour , but the percentage of people working bad jobs solely for money clearly has gone down , while the number of people who can express themselves through their jobs has increased . 
  these breakthroughs have happened and keep happening all the time , why do you think the percentage of the working population in the primary and secondary sector are only a fraction of what they were decades or a century ago ? 
  because we 've build awesome machines that do all the work !, 
  still the average person has n't really profited from that in the way the should . 
  so what 's your point ? 
  cost of living in italy does n't outrank germany by [ any significant amount ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/rankings.jsp ) what are you implying that i do n't understand ? 
  what makes you think i 'm not in favour of a shared fiscal policy ? 
  it might add checks and balances , it might also obfuscate the political process . 
  in a federal state it 's easy to see why a bicameral system makes sense as the upper house is often linked to the federal structure . 
  in unitary states that have two chambers the roles are often mixed or pretty much identical ( like in italy ) and i do n't really see what the big difference is . 
  also there 's the huge democratic deficit in the case of the house of lords . 
  some of them hold their position because they are members of the church , and there 's the whole hereditary peerage thing , it really sounds like something out of the 18th century . 
  the uk is n't a federation , it 's a unitary state . 
  the central administration holds all the power so there 's really no reason to have a senate like institution that represents ` regions ' . 
  i find that a little surprising , is it the rents that are so high ? 
  in germany you can find a shared flat for like 250-350 in almost any city , with the exception being munich and hamburg maybe . 
  a lot of students live on 500-600 bucks a month . 
   and it affects me negatively because i live in germany where this sort of thinking is pervasive . 
  the government has to be involved in every aspect of your life , whether for good or for ill . people here need to learn to control their lives on their own terms , not by constantly running to their lawyer . 
  or you could leave instead of expecting that the whole nation changes their attitude because you do n't like it, 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwdrhqnz9lo ), 
   anyway , i travel a lot , i have friends in multiple countries to organise things with , i go to a huge number of events . 
  you people have too much money . 
  i 'm living in the same city with the same people for 25 years , if i want to meet people they 're just . . there . 
   with little to no backlash to israel because it was a `` defensive war '' . 
  now you 're kidding . 
  literally anybody but the closest allies were pointing out the disproportionality of the airstrikes on gaza . 
   and there is always only one perspective being told ; `` either with isis or against isis '' . 
  for turkey this perspective is completely fantastical . 
  and by just declaring the pkk a terrorist organization you are making it to easy . 
  probably a quarter or something of the turkish population is kurdish and has a long history of being discriminated in the country . 
  you ca n't just declare your own citizens militants , throw some bombs onto them and be done with it . 
  these are n't just a few dozen lunatics , it 's a conflict that exists for a reason and erdogan seems to indeed sympathize with radical religious extremists more than he does with the kurdish population of his own country . 
  and i think it 's pretty clear cut that a kurdish state is preferable to having an isis theocracy sitting at your border . 
  i do n't think that 's a hard decision at all . 
  do n't forget that erdogan actually went to prison for inciting racial and religious hatred and representing fundamentalists in the 90 's . 
  this is n't some pragmatical decision , he actually sympathizes with these ideologies . 
  as horrible as an attack on two policemen is , it 's hardly precedent to start a military attack including airstrikes on own soil ( i do n't even know if that 's legal ), 
  there 's a reason why every discussion that is not happening on the internet has a moderator . 
  visit one of the immigration threads and you 'll find that half of the `` criticism '' amounts to some version of `` immigrants and refugees are subhumans '' followed by some inhumane idea about what to do with them . 
  internet discussion needs moderation if something useful is supposed to come out of it . 
  even more than public conversation probably because anonymity increases the incentive to post really stupid crap by a factor of ten or something . 
  sure some people are a little sensitive about things but that 's just a reaction to the sheer amount of truly horrible stuff that people post here and that 's pretty much become mainstream . 
  it 's actually much more than that , it showcases the attitude that americans have toward their foreign policy that is simply mind-bending and that permeates western discourse . 
  if you 're going to list the war casualties of the last 30 or 40 years and who 's responsible for them you 're going to get a list that you probably wo n't like very much . 
  you can say that it 's anti-american to point that out but it 's a simple fact . 
  if we , as in the nato , down a plane , bomb the shit out of some second or third world country we shrug it off . 
  if anybody else even dares to project a tiny amount of force we 're up in arms . 
  it 's ridiculous and infantile . 
  well if that 's what they 're after we should just exchange them one for one with syrian war refugees . 
  if life is n't real enough for them here it probably is there . 
  or we just deport them because as they do n't believe in human rights after all what are they going to complain about . 
  it 's fine if you think that human rights do n't exist , but i 'm not going to engage in a discussion over it because they actually do , we 're not zebras . 
  i really hope that you 're 16 years old because if you 're an adult and honestly believe the nonsense you just wrote down you need to re-evaluate your life decisions . 
  there is a clear difference , it 's just not the one you would like to hear . 
  in the us case the us unambiguously shot down a civilian plane in foreign waters and airspace , did not make itself liable , elected a president that mocked the incident and awarded the crew of the ship military honors , while in the case of mh17 russia is probably partially responsible for supplying insurgents with weapons they did n't know how to operate . 
  it 's not only that the 1988 incident was equally bad , it was actually a lot worse . 
  as there was no iranian ship in the region capable of taking down their own plane ( neither would they have had any reason to ) no , they could n't theoretically have done this . 
  in the case of the malaysian airlines plane on the other hand most observers seem to agree that the plane was shot down by russian separatists who are indeed not part of the russian military . 
  they did n't formally apologize to iran and the payment was made on an * ex gratia * basis , meaning that the us did not make itself liable in front of any court . 
  also that specific plane was literally shotdown by an us ship in iranian airspace and territorial waters so it 's pretty hard to weasel yourself out of the situation . 
  actually you might remember bush senior 's iconic comment a month after the incident :  `` i will never apologize for the united states -- i do n't care what the facts are ... 
  i 'm not an apologize-for-america kind of guy '', 
  yes , it 's more of a regional conflict rather than a global one , i 'm not sure whether that matters a lot in this day and age though . 
  the point was rather that we 're not necessarily going to see large scale wars anymore . 
  these kinds of proxy wars have become the new norm all over the place and it 's really silly to assume that russia is the only country operating that way . 
  yeah , sure . 
  although i 'd make a distinction between annexation by force and what happened on crimea . 
  it 's an illegal annexation from a standpoint of international law but there was significant support among the population . 
  that does n't mean they 're going to do it in eastern ukraine , the situation is completely different . 
  russian troops were already stationed on crimea due to existing treaties and the strategic significance is completely different due to crimea being russia 's only access to the black sea . 
  well it certainly does n't look like the situation is escalating and it looks more like it 's going to end up as a frozen conflict comparable to transnistria / south ossetia and so on . 
  i do n't really think there are any indications that they 're going to annex eastern ukraine . 
  i 'm not going to discuss shitty semantics with you for the next five hours so let 's make it clear : if russia had invaded ukraine the country would be leveled by now , that 's how you now it has n't happened yet . 
  what russia has been doing is what iran is doing on the arabian peninsula or what the us is doing in the middle-east , which is arming a third party that they see as a valuable proxy for their interests . 
  well an invasion would mean that russia would start a large scale offensive with the goal of conquering or directly controlling ukrainian territory . 
  what they 're doing is arming/supporting insurgents . 
  if i were a cow i 'd rather bleed out for five seconds than living in a dark cage for a few years . 
  i think we might have the priorities the wrong way around . 
  it 's actually pretty hilarious . 
  it 's completely okay to mass torture billions of animals for years but as soon as it gets bloody we 're all up in arms . 
  as long as we do n't have to hear or see what happens it is apparently okay . 
  but no , the shady jews and muslims with their mystical slaughtering rituals are so cruel !, 
  we 've really lost any connection to reality, 
  what exactly does `` having a pair of balls '' mean in that context ? 
  i do n't know why you are so sure that it is n't common as muslim or jewish butchers are usually trained , but if you 've think factory slaughtering always kills animals instantly you have n't been around the internet a lot . 
  calling what happens in these threads a discussion would be a euphemism . 
  to have a serious discussion on the topic everybody should read the european charter on human rights , their respective constitution and then think again if what they were about to say is actually legal in their country instead of spamming borderline racist memes they 've found on some niche subreddit, 
  well first off they can get a dutch spy back in exchange if there is one locked up in russia or at least gain some other diplomatic favour . 
  to jail spies was very unusual in the cold war , too . 
  usually you 'd just send them home and deny re-entry . 
   one hundred and fifty years ago , europe would have said that a civilized society was comprised of good christians and whoever had power at that time would have been wise if he had ignored the zealous peasants and created reasonable policies .
