  there can totally be a rapist in that room , and on that campus , statistically speaking it 's pretty much guaranteed . 
  yes sure taking advantage of someone who is drunk can be considered rape , but that goes both ways , nobody in this comment chain said that this does n't apply to women . 
  uh . . what ? 
  i did n't talk about rape in my post , neither did the guy you responded to initially . 
  please read what people are writing, 
  well nobody was forced to do anything . 
  the guy was invited . 
  also , `` social marxism '' is a right-wing conspiracy theory , karl marx never had anything to say on campus rape . 
   so it 's ok for women to take advantage because the guy wants sex all the time ? 
  if the guy is stupid enough , sure . 
  women are n't machines . 
  you ca n't expect to throw a coin in at the top and expect that sex drops out . 
  you can spent as much money and time as you want on any person , you just ca n't expect that they 're obligated to do anything for you . 
  well to be fair running around with a shield that says `` this is not what a rapist looks like '' ( a rapid could totally look like a completely normal student , it 's a very frequent crime . 
  they do n't live in caves and have horns coming out of their heads ) and calling something `` a waste of time '' is n't exactly the best way to start a debate either . 
  how is this relevant ? 
  does every country have a list how often planes fly into random air spaces and when you hit a certain score you 're free game ? 
  it 's irrelevant to this situation whether russia provokes estonia . 
  erdogan is n't governing in the baltics . 
  this is still disproportionate . 
  escort the plane out , call the ambassador in , but shooting the plane down when you practically know that it 's just muscle flexing is ridiculous . 
  especially given the fact that this torpedoes russia 's and nato 's alliance against isis . 
   support for pkk could possibly cause a huge diplomatic backslash , as it is recognized as a terrorist organization by basically everyone . 
  i do n't know what `` everyone '' means to you , but pkk is pretty much only considered to be a terrorist organisation in the western world . 
  nah they 'd call him `` mentally unstable '' and call it a day . 
  the cia considers the sovereign citizens movement to be the most dangerous group in the us , ever heard the news talk about them as terrorists , or talk about them at all ? 
  well i got that from  no paris attacks , no islamic crusades against heretics , no bombs , no flood of refugees into europe and that 's totally not clear . 
  syria did n't disintegrate because of foreign involvement . 
  the arab spring was n't a western conspiracy , it was people being fed up with their murderous dictators . 
  sure in iraq the removal of saddam and the installation of a shia minority government probably sped the process up , but the countries were explosive barrels for decades . 
  [ the majority of refugees are fleeing from assad , not isis ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/8-graphs-that-challenge-what-you-think-you-know-about-syrian-refugees-in-europe-a6689021.html ) ( because his domestic oppression and murder rate is unmatched even by isis . ), 
  also your claims that the middle east would not experience war without ` meddling ' is based on what ? 
  not every war on this planet is born out of foreign ` meddling ' . 
  what you 're doing is pure speculation without any basis . 
  i guess not if it is being debated in a civilized manner , but to act as if states culturally changing is either a new phenomenon or necessarily bad has no basis in reality . 
   can we not preserve our european cultural identity without being called racist ? 
  can people sop repeating that like it has actual foundation in history ? 
  do you think european states have existed in monolithic fashion for eternity ? 
  immigration has shaped europe and it 's host countries as long as civilization on the continent exists . 
  state religions have changed , demographics has changed , borders have changed , european cultural identity is not static and never has been . 
  and not acknowledging this is at least ignorant and at worst symptom of an at least implicitly racist mindset . 
  so `` if you 're poor , just stop being poor ? '', 
  every homeless person is solely guilty of being homeless ? 
  every criminal is solely responsible for being a criminal ? 
  the 1950 's sociology department called , they want their theories back . 
  what is this , libertarianism on steroids ? 
  to neglect the socio-economic conditions and environment people grow up in is infantile . 
  and how this environment looks is being decided by the people and institutions in power , and thus they are to be held responsible . 
  this is n't about free of charge . 
  there 's a big roi on investment in greece , * if * you do n't strangle the greek economy through austerity measures . 
  let me make clear that i was n't just nitpicking . 
  greece debt is n't on principle unsustainable . 
  what is by definition unsustainable is trying to implement austerity measures * during an economic recession * , because it will sharpen the depression . 
  it 's comparable to a struggling musician trying to sell his last instrument . 
   artificially created = created with money from debt , hate to break it to you but that 's how all money is created, 
  [ come on , the decision is easy !, 
  i sincerely doubt that statement about ` the internet ' . 
  reddit leans populist because everything people do is repeat silly memes , at the moment most of it is right-wing stuff with a homeopathic dose of liberalism in regards to drug policies etc. 
  most comment sections on news sites are full of people thinking that the lizard people are running the world , liberal or genuinely left communities on the internet are a niche , hence the permanent accusations of `` liberal elites '' and so on . 
  the internet has become the digital version of a trailer park . 
  and members pay the unions , that 's how the unions get money . 
  uber is a for profit organisation that tries to bribe itself into the legislative process . 
  not at all , as living costs in richer countries are way higher , putting you into `` absolute poverty * even if you have a higher absolute income , to use relative numbers here makes sense . 
  [ all the other / r/europe posters have gathered here ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hakb6s0ipgy ), 
  yes ... proud ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hakb6s0ipgy wololo, 
  ah yes , this really clears it up, 
  you seem to be conflating two things from my post . 
  i do n't deny that science grants epistemic access to knowledge or facts , what i deny is that it is a source of moral or value judgements and that this specific form of thinking of science is an ideology in itself . 
  in it 's non-ideological form science is a tool , it does not dictate policies , it does n't tell us if there are superior civilizations or not . 
  it is interesting that you use the word truth , because scientists do n't discover truths , they discover facts . 
  there is a distinction and that this distinction is increasingly being lost by scientists is an example of how to misuse science . 
  the new atheist movement for example has increasingly capitalized on this popular but vulgar version of science and the apparent objective superiority of their thought although most of them are the intellectual equivalent of deepak chopra . 
  when sam harris is advocating that torture of prisoners is ethical , he is not the objective and humble servant of science , he is pushing a neocon agenda under the disguise of alleged ` objectiveness ' . 
  banning racism from public life has nothing to do with political correctness ( it has been a staple in european jurisprudence way before the first person came up with the idea of political correctness in the first place ) and it sure as hell as nothing to do with relativism . 
  on the contrary , accepting scientism to the degree you are advocating has opened the door to countless inhumane ideologies in human history including for example eugenics . 
  putting science on the pedestal you seem to be advocating * is * ideology in its purest form . 
  there never was the aim to destroy `` rational thinking '' but to promote a critical form of thinking that consciously tackles existing structures and puts them in their place . 
  the national socialists were rabid scientists . 
  they were obsessed with measuring people and putting them into categories . 
  the belief that natural sciences were able to classify and generalize human groups is the foundation of any racially motivated belief system . 
  it is the ultimate example of what can happen if you let science and ` rationalism ' of the leash . 
  it is also perfect proof that the lines between science and non-science * are * blurry . 
  the nazis firmly believed that their race theory was solid science , they did n't even question their ideology or its alleged objectiveness for a second . 
  well for me the situation resembles the situation a lot that europe was in before fascism could take over . 
  old institutions and order is eroding , national borders are being redrawn constantly or going away ( the whole concept of a * state * was utterly foreign to the muslim world up until 200 years ago ) , and the answer is pretty much some narrative of ` total war ' and militarization not as a means but as an end . 
  there are no rules to what they do . 
  it 's a state of mass agitation , * enthemmung * ( no inhibition ) would be the german word , it 's not comparable at all to `` medieval '' islamic world . 
  well your statement `` it 's the root of all '' is pretty strong . 
  i 'd rather say the failing states are the root and the islamism is the tool , it 's like saying the root of the ira is catholicism and everything else is secondary . 
  when we look at european history we do n't start with beliefs , we start with wars , power and historical and material conditions , which is quite sensible . 
  there is no need to employ some weird orientalism when looking at the arab world , after all the ottoman empire existed under something that 's pretty much pan-islamism for a pretty long time . 
  this description that the region is in a `` medieval religious '' crisis is completely off . 
  the complete opposite , they 're in a modernity crisis , the one which europe found itself in at the beginning of the 20th century . 
  ` cultural marxism ' is a pretty popular phrase at the moment among right-wing conspiracy people , it 's pretty much ` jewish bolshevism ' of our time . 
  the frankfurt school also did n't attack science and rationality , they attacked * scientism * , as in the view that elevates sciency stuff to absolute values instead of using it as a methodology . 
  also post-modernism and the whole `` throw the big other away '' stuff has nothing to do with ` political correctness ' lol . 
  i 'm pretty sure someone wearing an isis shirt on the street is n't part of any secret terror network, 
   wahhabism is the root of all the `` goodies '' that the arab world keeps delivering in the recent times . 
  uhh , i 'd like to hear why you say that with so much confidence . 
  you ever thought about the fact that the introduction of european nationalism into the arab world and the creation of impossible states that made no sense and are now failing * might * have something do with the situation we are in ?
