  is that humanism ? 
  that was the joke, 
  or maybe you 're just scared and wrong, 
  urban division and gentrification that exists in france and especially paris does not exist in germany to that degree . 
  we do n't have banlieues and we do n't plan on building them . 
  i 'll try to pay more attention but it honestly all seems to be rather civilized given the general tone on this sub , at least compared to the `` fuck merkel , rapefugees something something '' posts that get a few dozen upvotes here every day, 
  it 's a monty python skit , not a hate post . 
  there 's an actual point to it , namely showing the misperception about the benefits/drawbacks of the eu . 
  `` fuck david cameron stupid brits the welsh love sheep ! 11 '' is a hate post, 
  well i guess we ought to help as many people as we can . 
  if you 'd force me to give you a number i 'd say ~ 3-4 million people over the next ten years is a number we should be able to stomach if we 're willing to put enough effort and money in , based on historic migration to germany ( 60 's and early 90 's ) . 
  as far as creditors go mid to long term the immigration is needed especially for economic reasons so the investors should be happy enough . 
  we have an annual budget of 700 billion , the short term economic costs are negligible, 
   i really wonder why no one realizes that bringing young people in alone wont cut it . 
  well no need to wonder because nobody believes that, 
  because ` non-citizens ' are actual human beings who need to eat and sleep somewhere i assume . 
  did people in canada get sick of your ramblings or why should i listen to non-europeans ? 
  together with france , spain and portugal we would have a big fat majority to end austerity . 
  germany is pretty much the sole advocate of austerity among the larger member nations . 
  yes and that is awful because we actually are part of the eu . 
  do n't create common institutions if you 're not willing to pursue common policy . 
   also is n't it kinda the point of anticyclic fiscal policy to make debt when the economy is stumbling and pay it back in good times ? 
  news alert , we are in a currency union and the eu has been hanging in economic limbo for years , we need to spend, 
  do n't know , its like voodoo and it does n't make any sense . 
  we also pay everything in cash , maybe it 's some everlasting weimar republic trauma or something, 
  not really , accommodation is n't a problem really with a few city centers aside the people just need to be distributed because we have n't had pop . 
  growth for 20 years ( compare us ~ 30 % ) . 
  it 's actually a huge opportunity for suburban and rural areas which are slowly dying and in drastic need of young people . 
  ideally we 'd borrow because we can literally get money at zero interest if it was n't for sch\u00e4ubles austerity fetish . 
  the 10 to 20 billion annually that this costs are the absolute least problem in a 4 trillion economy at almost full employment . 
  well one factor is probably that protesters tend to turn violent on occasion and that 's often used as justification for violent police reaction . 
  as long as a refugee is n't attacking someone it 's pretty hard to defend any form of violence . 
  one excess of police violence is n't an excuse for another one . 
  you should be upset that the police is using violence against protesters and not try to redirect them at refugees . 
   he fundamental problem is that local governments in the traditional sense are utterly ineffective in today 's globalised world they 're also notoriously unqualified and just as corruptible as federal politics , even more in today 's world as nobody is actually following local news and politics any more with a critical eye . 
  this fetish for decentralization is quite ridiculous really . 
  if you want to gauge who 's corruptible just follow the money . 
  big money loves decentralized politics for a reason . 
  great argument, 
  yes , that is what i was hinting at . 
  religious values are deontological , restrictive , absolute and so on . 
  christians are bound by faith across the globe not blood or the ` organic community ' and that 's not very compatible with fascism . 
  but you probably have to look there for people who throw dead pigs on building sites . 
  well it was kind of added to it but it is n't inherently fascist . 
  the italians , which had a much larger foundation of fascism as an ideology never turned antisemitic until they entered the axis . 
  science for the nazis was just a tool , racism was n't grounded in real science but in pseudo-science they made up , just like art was being reduced to propaganda . 
  that 's not science in the materialist sense which seeks to understand everything through a positivist , empiric lens . 
  it 's voodoo science . 
  the marxist tradition aims to get rid of this stuff and uses materialism as a genuine tool to understand the world . 
  although obviously the communists had this voodoo science in the form of lysenkoism among other things , but it 's not inherent to marxism intellectually . 
  fascism is actually a very egalitarian movement . 
  it seeks to empower the population by agitating it . 
  the dictator in fascism is a function , he is a lens so to speak through which the will of the organic society is focused , the dictator does not create values , he is not a god king . 
  a bad fascist leader can be replaced . 
  it 's the function that is important , not the person . 
  that 's what separates fascism from monarchism and religious ideology which tries to repress the population and hands godlike power to the monarch . 
  also fascist values are not absolute at all . 
  for fascists there are no absolute values , what matters is asserting collective will against other nations and states . 
  if absolute values would exist fighting would be a means to an end , for fascists conflicts itself is a goal , it has to last to keep the nation ` vital ' and ` energetic ' . 
  there is no right and wrong insofar as that fascists believe that they have some universal wisdom and that again is very reminiscent of nietzsche who only saw value in the * will to power * itself . 
  i have read nietzsche , and the empowerment of human will and the disdain for absolute , transcendent values is one of the central ideas in his work . 
  nietzsche has absolutely the same disdain for positivism as well as for christian morality that characterized fascist movements . 
  uhm no , facsism and national socialism were deeply romantic ideologies grounded in nietzsche 's perspectivism , wagnerian aesthetics and so on and a giant uprising against positivist as well as * transcendent * religious world-views ( hence the nazi attempt to ` paganize ' christianity , strip it of its universal values and make it * organic * ) . 
  that they later started to throw in some pseudo-scientific racial stuff does n't change that . 
  take it from mussolini :  therefore it is a spiritualized conception , itself the result of the general reaction of modem times against the flabby materialistic positivism of the nineteenth century . 
  anti-positivistic , but positive : not skeptical , nor agnostic , nor pessimistic , nor passively optimistic , as arc , in general , the doctrines ( all negative ) that put the centric of life outside man , who with his free will can and must create his own world . 
  fascism desires an active man , one engaged in activity with all his energies : it desires a man virilely conscious of the difficulties that exist in action and ready to face them . 
  it conceives of life as a struggle , considering that it behooves man to conquer for himself that life truly worthy of him , creating first of all in himself the instrument ( physical , moral , intellectual ) in order to construct it . 
  thus for the single individual , thus for the nation , thus for humanity . 
  hence the high value of culture in all its forms ( art , religion , science ) , and the enormous importance of education . 
  hence also the essential value of work , with which man conquers nature and creates the human world ( economic , political , moral , intellectual ) . 
  i do n't think i said any of those things , and i do n't know why it should need to be the case , half of the population does n't seem to be able to speak proper german and we 're still alive, 
  germany has 80 million citizens , the math does n't check out . 
  if the 3.6 million number is correct this would be about 1.1 % pop growth annually over the next few years , which would be a little higher than population growth in the 60 's or 70 's and about the same as the us has experienced over the last 20 years . 
  ( us pop grew 30 % over the last 20 years ) . 
  do n't understand what 's staggering about this , it would finally correct the skewed demographic development a little which is good . 
  if ethnicity , religious affiliation and so on are not intrinsically relevant to the crime at hand ( not saying it necessarily was or was n't in this specific case ) reporters will usually omit it because for it to be relevant there needs to be causal relationship . 
  this also is n't lying ( * l\u00fcgenpresse * has a conspiratory undertone ) , it 's literally in the [ german press code , section 12 ] ( http://ethicnet.uta.fi/germany/german_press_code ) for everybody to read and has been for decades . 
  it 's a widely accepted standard in journalism that everybody ought to be aware of . 
  if you do n't like how the press works , okay , but people need to stop acting like some cabal of journalists has sworn a secret oath to not write this or that . 
  there is more than one politician . 
  they can do multiple things at once . 
  there is n't literally a list they have to work down . 
  amending rights so that gay people can marry would probably take a few hours, 
  we ca n't grant gay people marriage rights because the economy is shit ... ? 
  decent stuff like climate change denial ( a year or so ago they switched from `` it does n't exist '' to `` we ca n't do anything about it '' which is equally false ) or the argument that [ smoking does not cause harm to children ] ( http://www.thenation.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/cato_lies1.pdf ) ? 
  the think tank is nothing short of a propaganda tool , there 's literally nothing reasonable they have ever produced . 
  angela merkel is n't getting destroyed , she 's taking some criticism which she will survive . 
  i 'm willing to bet anybody on this subreddit that she will run a full fourth term . 
  [ uhhm . . 
  the cato institute is about as non-partisan as aleksandr dugin, 
  two things about this : merkel is n't flip-flopping as hard as people are accusing her off at all , she has just been intentionally misrepresented in the foreign press a ton , especially over the last year . 
  secondly there 's a difference between authentically changing your position on issues , which is okay . 
  jumping around eratically for short term gain is not . 
  it 's detrimental to our party based democracy . 
  if you vote for labour you are supposed to get labour policies . 
  if you vote conservative you are supposed to get conservative policies . 
  if the electorate does not feel like they are represented the system falls apart , like it is doing now . 
  having an actual ideology behind your decision-making is n't bad . 
  corbyn is a self-proclaimed socialist ( more like a new dealer in reality ) so his policies will reflect that .
