  or maybe we could stop spewing anti-semitic shit without even being aware of it and behave like normal human beings . 
  this sub is full of these shitty alt accounts . 
   may has denounced ** rootless internationalism ** . 
  if that qualifies as `` authoritarian natvisism '' then so be it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rootless_cosmopolitan# that 's a literal dogwhistle for stalinist anti-semitic propaganda . 
  it 's like you 're not even trying anymore . 
  this sub is such a fucking cesspit, 
  the afd one that just says `` boateng '' lol but yes the cdu is a centre right party , both on cultural and economic matters , everything who claims that merkel is a liberal has somehow misunderstood how germany works or spends too much time on 4chan, 
  who likes being strong-armed ? 
  necessary though in this case , fundamental rights are n't up for debate, 
   charlemagne 's empire i am okay with this, 
  compared to european history ? 
  yes , since the inception of the eu we have reached by far the most prosperity , peace and cooperation on the continent . 
  and apart from being a giant circus , the cold war was n't actually that bad , hence why it 's called a * cold * war . 
  sorry , but there 's no doubt that the planet was at any point in history more peaceful than in the last 60-70 years . 
  good . 
  it 's when we started to get our shit together as a species it 's around the time when segregation formally ended in the us . 
  when we laid the foundations for the eu which enabled real peace on the european continent for the first time in history and we anchored human rights in almost all nations on the planet . 
  this is worth defending at all costs , everybody else can fuck right off, 
  you ca n't take anybody 's ( religious ) attire as a symbol for whatever you want . 
  you 'll end up arguing with every person on the street . 
  people have the right to be left the hell alone and you do n't have the right to be offended just because someone looks visibly different , regardless whether it 's a burka , a che guevara shirt or a cross . 
  this is just a deliberate attempt to shove your , or in this case the majorities opinion , into the face of people who have n't done anything to deserve it . 
  this really is just paternalistic crap . 
  and worse , it 's primarily people who lack identity trying to rob other people of theirs . 
  merkel once pointed out at a townhall meating to an eastern german who was upset about headscarfs that it 's not any muslims fault that they know their religion better than we do ours , or still practice it . 
  if you are in search for identity maybe go to church again , do n't tell other people what not to do . 
  this is important in this discussion because it 's actually never christians being upset about muslim integration , it 's always these post soviet shaken up people without any real religious affiliation . 
  there 's not going to be a social divide because people do n't eat pork and potatoes . 
  it 's just food . 
  it 's not like latvia 's future is going to be decided by the number of daily served potatoe dishes that 's just not true . 
  it 's not like the united kingdom stopped being the united kingdom because you can know order chicken curry in the country . 
  and no offense but potatoe and pork is n't exactly the mona-lisa of food . 
  eat as much pork as you can , that 's your choice man but what other people eat is honestly not really anybody 's business, 
  immigrants should integrate and respect democratic principles . 
  they do n't need to eat pork and they can wear whatever they want . 
  the law is n't a social engineering tool and we do n't need a food or fashion police . 
  its purpose is to punish criminal individuals ( not groups , there is no such thing as collective guilt in a state of law ) and it does n't exist either to be wielded like a club for whatever purpose the majority fancies at the moment with all the legitimate integration problems that are worth discussing , this state sanctioned petty insecurity on the side of the host countries is n't helping . 
  if your cultural identity is intimately tied to the consumption rate of meat balls it 's not the immigrants who have a problem . 
  well those people got a vote like everybody else and their experiences of america are just as legitimate as yours right ? 
  no matter if rich or poor , america is fundamentally a country of immigrants and that 's the experience and attitude i have experienced , even outside of my admittedly well off work environment . 
  it 's not like i 've never left the workplace . 
  your knee-jerk reaction of rejecting everybody who does n't share the american conservative position as illegitimate is undemocratic and sad . 
  your view of america is n't more real than those of people living , working and travelling to the us from all walks of life . 
  first off , you can be both hard working and poor , those things are n't mutually exclusive , secondly is this number supposed to shock me ? 
  that 's almost a proportional amount of people . 
  for what it 's worth i worked in seattle . 
  i do n't understand the concept of the ` liberal bubble ' though . 
  two thirds of americans live in , predominantly liberal , cities . 
  how is this experience a bubble if it 's fairly representative of most of the nation ? 
  i 've lived and worked in the us for over two years , the `` mexicans are lazy stereotype '' i only heard from rednecks or someone 's racist parents . 
  as far as all other demographics are concerned immigrants in general and hispanics seemed to be regarded as hard working , fairly communitarian people . 
  people from the hispanic communities in the us have strong communal ties often because their parents or they themselves might not reside legally in the us . 
  this in turn results in those people being largely autonomous because they 're not able to rely on official institutions as much as other demographics can . 
  that 's not some kind of stereotype , it 's a perfectly reasonable response given the environment they 're living in . 
  it 's true for many working class immigrants all around the globe . 
  can you respond to the actual argument though instead of discussing english or are you just running out of points i assumed you were talking about me as a `` single '' individual because for some reason you also brought my gender into it . 
  as if men or singles are n't supposed to judge what family policy is supposed to be about in their country . 
  well the argument just does n't make any sense , you demand that i and other people finance mothers in our society . 
  that 's a political expenditure . 
  of course i have a right to say whether i want this or not . 
  if they do n't want my opinion they can pay for their kids themselves and thanks though , my english is just fine . 
  a `` single person '' is called an individual . 
  supporting people who already have children is n't the same as motivating people to have children in the first place . 
  and i have no problem with immigrants so i 'm not going to make some silly distinction between citizens and non-citizens . 
  i do n't think you understood me . 
  having children reduces one 's autonomy , not paying someone to have children . 
  women want more freedom and have a career , so they 're not going to have a child just because you create some infantile incentive . 
  that 's why free trade and inclusive policies in the eu are important . 
  knowledge transfer from say germany to eastern europe is very possible in this area and smaller nations can always try to develop expertise in some niche that was n't yet filled and benefit from the more advanced economies in europe . 
  they ca n't sacrifice too much economic growth because they do n't want to throw the country into chaos . 
  that much is to be expected . 
  but they have of course a vested interest in clean energy because it 's causing major environmental hazards already . 
  the chinese government is n't overly sentimental as far as the environment is concerned but they 're clever and pragmatic enough to recognize the size of the problem . 
  the solution for sure is n't to stop fighting climate change and clean energy progression here because of china . 
  which was the completely incomprehensible non sequitur that started this comment chain . 
   how it 's being reduced in future yes it does , basic logic needs to be employed here . 
  the argument `` does it really matter if we buy stuff from china '' only makes sense if we presuppose that china is not reducing emissions . 
  if we assume that china is reducing its emissions , which it currently does quite heavily , then the argument does n't make any sense and reducing our emissions will be as meaningful and effective . 
  and of course it matters how much co2 we reduce in the future , why the fuck would it not . 
  global warming is a gradual process, 
  giving birth to a child and caring for it , which in many countries still is disproportionality a duty of women of course cuts into their autonomy . 
  that autonomy increased as birth rate decreased is n't some accidental artifact , caring for a child takes up an immense amount of time . 
  silly birth campaigns are n't actually going to change anything about this biological and economic reality , hence why none of these campaigns actually ever accomplish anything . 
  can yes and it 's not about the money . 
  it 's about the idea of having the state involved in family live . 
  this in my opinion is a government overreach that i do n't want . 
  well because they 're an industrialised nation still . 
  the inevitable transition to a service economy or more advanced production will reduce the environmental costs . 
  it 's not a reasonable comparison . 
  given their current development situation they 're doing a more than reasonable job at driving green energy forward . 
  we do n't really need pop . 
  growth and if there 's a lack it can be solved with immigration . 
  i do n't want the government in my pants , thanks, 
  if we 're judging it from a consequentalist viewpoint , because it horribly fails and never works , see child policies all around the world . 
  more importantly from a principled viewpoint , because decisions about family planning are fundamental individual rights that ought not to be influenced by social engineering fantasies . 
  if we have a labour shortage we can let people immigrate or move further from labour intensive economies to capital intensive ones , as we have been doing for pretty much the last 150 years . 
  much of the dropping birth rates is owed to woman achieving autonomy . 
  that 's not something i 'm willing to give up and it 's not going to be reversed anyway . 
  we do n't need to reverse every negative economic trend .
