  i think the `` lower class carnival '' and envy perspective is on point . 
  could as well be applied to internet boards like reddit and 4chan . 
  a group of disappointed young men who intentionally try to upset and promote `` raw language '' , instead of `` political correctness '' . 
  seems to be the exact same mechanism of a disadvantaged outsider group trying to get at the well off `` mainstream '' by undermining their decency . 
  it actually applies to all the pegida people with their gallows and screaming as well . 
  well i mean you had full fledged civil wars so there 's that, 
   but i never heard anything anti-semitic from this government , on the contrary . 
  is n't maria schmidt or whatever her name is regularly talking about how the marxist intelligentsia is literally ruining the country because they 're anti-christian and internationalists and all they want is to talk about the holocaust and gay marriage and whatnot ? 
  that sounds pretty close to jewish bolshevist stuff to me . 
  does france have a significant neo-nazi scene ? 
  sorry but i do n't think i did , i do not want to colonize poland , i just do n't want to have them in the european union if they 're trying to undermine its principles . 
  being a member of the european union is n't a natural right . 
  not every form of society is equally successful or adequate to run a modern economy and thus create prosperity . 
  there 's a reason innovation happens in california and not in rural kentucky . 
  if you do n't like the values that make running a modern and open nation possible , fine but do n't expect anybody else to drag you along . 
  the eu is n't just an empty shell where everybody can throw his opinion in . 
  it 's an institution based on liberal and social democratic principles . 
  yeah i did n't say that they were free , nonetheless the transfer of knowledge and capital , since the enlargement of the eu went from the west to the east . 
  which i would have no problem with if there would n't be this constant lamentation about sovereignty . 
  you sound like the bundy family crying about the federal state while the supporters are sending supplies through the federal post service, 
   it 's indistinguishable from colonialism . 
  except that there is a wide open door through which you can leave if you do n't like the conditions , minus the euromonies of course brought to you by the evil western capitalism . 
  i really do n't know what you guys expected when you joined a democratic union with a liberal tradition , an orthodox tsardom based on glorious ethnocentrism ? 
  if that is the case the better allegiance would have been to the east , not the west . 
  weird the last time i checked reddit rebuilding history and tearing down statues in ukraine was okay , i think we really should re-evaluate lenin 's ambiguous character instead of silencing the debate . 
  the guy did do wonders for the education of the soviet people after all !, 
  well luckily for the american people that is where the similarities end . 
   well the concurrent german government indeed acts like a fascist entity this word does n't mean what you think it means, 
  in what way are they repressing them , rejecting their internet memes is repression ? 
  journalistic freedom means that you can write what you want , not that someone is going to take you serious, 
  chomsky is a great linguist but i 'd take his political books with a grain of salt . 
  much of the stuff in manufacturing consent about the vietnam war is just historically false . 
  for example his account of the us intervention as `` imperialist genocide '' in the name of south vietnam is , at least to my knowledge , not shared by pretty much any historian . 
  well i did n't talk of legal principles , so i do n't know how your reply is addressing my post . 
  that you have to work to be entitled to benefits is european law . 
  in the sense of the united states maybe , but the eu is fundamentally different from how we historically understand the idea of a ` nation state ' on the european continent . 
  you have to work to be entitled to social benefits . 
  if you have work , there is no reason to discriminate against eu citizens and would violate the principle of free choice of labor by artificially making the situation for foreign eu citizens more difficult . 
  no offense , but in recent times it does n't exactly seem like the british government has the civil liberties of its constituents at heart . 
  sure i do n't , with good reason . 
  that 's the reason for every existing public institution , from your local town hall up to the european court of human rights . 
  we 've decided that we 're better off if we add checks and balances . 
  i 'm not an oracle so i do n't know what the future holds , but the last two years have clearly shown us that history has n't ended end that war on the european continent is still a possibility , and i absolutely believe that the european union is vitally important for the germany and france . 
   do you think that the horrors of the 20th century are a reason for the uk to stay in the eu today ? 
  if the uk leaves the eu the uk will continue to be a stable parliamentary democracy , as it has been for several hundred years . 
  do you think france and germany need to be tied to each other in the eu in order not to go to war ? 
  that might be a more complicated question , but this is a reason for france and germany to be in the eu , but not really a reason for the uk to be in the eu . 
  yes , from a historical perspective the european union for me is the what ensures european peace and prosperity . 
  despite of all the troubles of the recent years given the big picture europe never had a better global position than it has now and never was europe as peaceful . 
  nationalism in the traditional european , * v\u00f6lkisch * sense is poison for the continent . 
  european nations have a tendency to drift apart if we give in to political atavism and i do n't believe that to be very good for anybody . 
  i do n't like how openly especially conservative brits reduce the european idea to a means to reach national goals . 
  i like the brits and i 'd like to have them in the eu , they 've a lot to offer culturally and politically , but i 'd agree with the author that they 'd deserve a warning shot if they continue to try to pervert what europe is supposed to be all about . 
  the european union has already been reduced way too much . 
  the way germany for example handed the negotiation with greece was in my opinion very terrible . 
  yes there is no dominating post-national mindset anywhere , but there still seems to be a difference between say france/germany and the uk . 
  the former see the european union as the answer to the horrors of the 20th century , despite all its flaws . 
  i do n't hear this from a lot of brits . 
  there 's nothing pragmatic about the british position at the moment . 
  cameron 's demand to limit european freedoms * for european citizens * is at odds with fundamental principles of the eu and thus by definition not pragmatic but highly ideological . 
  i do n't think of the brits as a people wanting their empire back , but there is a certain kind of smugness a lot of people seem to display in regards to the eu . 
  i 've often heard `` what is the eu * doing for us * , especially from londoners . 
  as if the city is the center of the european union or the world . 
  remarkably few people in the uk seem to care at all about what happens to the eu . 
  i think the article is right in pointing out that there does not seem to be a post-national identity in the uk , which is a problem if you want to be a genuine member of a supra-national union of states . 
  i think he 's german , so about 20 years ago . 
  apart from that is there some unique insight into the world and reality that you only get if russia occupies you and disqualifies everybody else from having an opinion ? 
  germany has its fair share of bad neighborhoods , nonetheless is the word ghetto a silly stigma for a hugely complex issue . 
  that kind of chaos is simply part of how big cities develop . 
  tons of people move somewhere , everything gets really messy and then it starts sorting itself out . 
  the great places we live in did n't drop out of the sky and there sure as hell was a lot of turmoil involved . 
  i mean that 's literally how most of those new age expensive nightlife districts evolved , soho was the center of sex-shops and organized crime in the 70 's . 
  it 's not like the government runs hipster urban planning programs , most of them developed out of melting pot like worker districts . 
  ( hence hipsters dress like hobos ) harlem is an example of that kind of development as well , starting as an impoverished workers district in the 1920 's , being a major center of art and the jazz scene in the 30 's and 40 's declining in the post-war era and starting to being revitalized again in the 80 's and 90 's . 
  ghettos and urban development is a pretty complex topic and banlieue 's are n't destined to stay that way . 
  kreuzberg has undergone similar developments as well . 
  started out as a really poor district but turned into the center of germany 's alternative music scene , and made hiphop really big in germany and today it 's getting wealthier at a pretty rapid pace and becoming a focus of berlin 's startup scene . 
  the story of those districts is pretty ambivalent , ghetto is a ridiculous word really . 
   because france and germany were ignoring for years budgetary norms of eu and nothing happened except for the part where we revamped our whole social system against huge public oppossition and have n't exceeded the budget deficit since, 
  i 'd say that 's good enough to not feel considerably more scared than i did in the past, 
  i have n't noticed any change . 
  like any . 
  my life is exactly the same . 
  in the 90s after the wall came down i felt a little insecure about how the country would look five years from now , and even that turned out to be a largely unfounded fear although we literally had to mend a nation . 
  since then the country has never seemed safer . 
  yes , i live in cologne for all my life . 
  as recently as yesterday i left my house , saw plenty of happy women in crowded places and no one was harmed . 
  just like a month or half a year ago . 
  amazing right, 
  do n't shift the goalpost . 
  some clan doing stuff in marxloh does not tell me anything about the overall situation in germany . 
  you can spare yourself the effort though , because i already know that the crime rates have n't significantly changed in recent years and overall are at an all time low . 
  please show me a source for `` crime has changed a lot in germany '' and define `` it has become really dangerous '', 
  exactly people need to stop living in their silly media circus . 
  the world has n't changed overnight , life in cologne is n't any different than it was a month a year or ten years ago . 
  if anything crime of all kinds in almost any big city in the developed world has significantly gone down over the last few decades . 
  well sure being ` minded ' can mean you make compromises , but that 's why i gave the example of the german party spectrum . 
  the people proclaiming to be `` socialists but also liberal '' are definitely not . 
  this is true in france also . 
  le pen has heavy voter support from the left .
