  stop dragging this into absurdity . 
  just because we ca n't cure every sick person on this planet we do n't stop practising medicine . 
  all i 'm asking for is a refugee policy that is worthy of what you 'd expect from countries of our economic strength . 
  if i 'd live in a mansion i 'd gladly give a room to a homeless guy . 
  the point is everybody should do what is within their possibilities . 
  we ( the western nations ) are rich enough to do a lot more than we do now without a lot of sacrifice . 
  why the fuck is this guy getting downvoted , are the reddit darwinists at work again ? 
  obviously we should do what is morally just , and given the fact that european colonialism has played a large role in creating the situation these people find themselves in we not only should help , we 're also obliged to . 
  i agree . 
  merkel speaks russian and putin speaks german , and they 've both spent a lot of time in east germany . 
  i guess it makes sense that putin things that merkel is the `` easiest '' to talk to . 
  i do n't really know how defending your allies falls into the category of warmongering , but no , i do n't ask anyone to like warmongering . 
  but i do think that it would be a good idea for our fellow german citizens to not bury their heads in the sand just to hold up their pacifistic ideals , while is is slaughtering hundreds of kids and russia is running over their neighbour states . 
  also i do n't even believe it 's about being genuinely pacifistic . 
  it 's just indifference . 
  many people here would like to be a giant switzerland , lots of money , no political involvement in anything that makes your head hurt . 
  yeah , but ukraine always has had a pretty weird relationship with nazism . 
  obviously russia is jumping at these images every time they can , but i remember when bandera was honored as a `` hero of ukraine '' in 2010 by yushchenko , which was not only condemned by russia , but also by france , poland and a lot of jewish organisations . 
  ukrainian nationalism has always been a little closer to nazism than nationalism in other countries . 
   the fact that these eastern states have to look past berlin and across the atlantic for support is an absolute joke . 
  especially since berlin will be the first to talk of `` an ever closer union '' when times are easy . 
  because our population is retarded in that regard . 
  you ca n't really blame the politicians . 
  if they 'd start to seriously back up ukraine and the eastern european countries the population would tear them apart . 
  they wo n't . 
  sadly [ that 's just how russia works ] ( http://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/images/print-edition/20140322_wwd000_0.jpg ), 
   switzerland has a direct democracy , and i do n't see them coming up with impractical and unrealistic solutions that do n't benefit the public good . 
  because for some odd reason , the public tends to vote in the public 's interest . 
  switzerland has outlawed the building of minarets a few years ago , which essentially hurts people 's right to practice their religion . 
  just a few months ago switzerland has voted in favour of reducing immigration , which was a breach of their bilateral eu contracts which has also resulted in erasmus programs being terminated for swiss students , and is expected to hurt their economy because they simply rely on heaving a large amount of immigrants supporting their economy . 
  that may be the case because ` democracy ' is n't actually the same thing as a mob rule . 
  if we 're going to start voting about who 's head we 're going to chop off next we have not made the country more democratic just because we have one more thing we can vote on . 
  at least not by any sane definition of the term ` democracy ', 
  well i 'm not sure if every country needs to be industrialized . 
  the us and china have the same dynamic going on . 
  i do n't think there 's anything wrong with having a consumer/service oriented economy . 
  cheap imports are good for everybody , cheap exports are primarily good for people working in the export industry . 
  i 'll instantly agree that the austerity politics are terrible for our neighbouring nations , but i do n't think that the currency is the problem . 
  after the oil crisis in 1973 when the opec countries boycotted the west france came up with the so called ` messmer plan ' as a result to become energy independent . 
  you 're obviously right that the undervalued currency helps us increasing our exports , on the other hand the fact that the currency is overvalued for countries like portugal helps them to import stuff relatively cheaply . 
  it 's not like they 're throwing everything they import into the ocean . 
  going back to national currencies will help their export-sector , but at the same time will make imports more expensive , and thus effectively reducing the standard of living . 
  ( for people that rely on imports , which may be quite a few ), 
  for some reason the hill of crosses scares the crap out of me, 
  i think east germany had it a little better economically than many of the other states under soviet control , and it was a nominally sovereign country , so i guess people did n't feel as occupied . 
  i think for some people the change was just too much and they could n't really integrate after the wall fell . 
  but i can only guess really , objectively it does not make much sense to me . 
  i agree . 
  i do n't share any sympathy for the russian regime , i was just pointing out what i 've been hearing from a lot of people here . 
  people here did n't really like the ussr , but they tend to view it a little different than lets say france or the united states . 
  many people got to experience it directly because of the existence of the gdr , and so russia and the soviet union are more than just some abstract thing . 
  the left wing of our political spectrum is certainly influenced by a certain kind of ` gdr-nostalgia ' , sometimes to the point of hypocrisy . 
  i agree with you , but the reasons for germany 's stance towards russia is a little more complicated than ` they want the oil ' . 
  - germany has always been relatively close to russia and people here tend to hold a very romanticized view of the country . 
  our politicians think that because of our experiences with the ussr , * realpolitik * is the way to go , but they simply do n't seem to understand that putin is n't gorbachev . 
  - the latest military adventures by america over the last few decades and the nsa leaks have greatly increased anti-americanism here . 
  many people here idolize putin because he 's showing the us the middle finger . 
  - after our ww ii experiences we have essentially moved on from the war business , but some people here seem to forget that not every country has changed that much . 
  - angela merkel is physically unable to do or say anything meaningful . 
  i hope that sheds some light on the political atmosphere here . 
  i agree with you that we should do a lot more to protect ukraine and i 'm pretty ashamed that germany/europe is completely unable to get anything done . 
  i agree for the most part , but i do n't think getting them out of the eurozone would help . 
  as you 're pointing out they actually buy a lot of stuff from us relatively cheaply ( due to having the same currency ) which practically means their standard of living has risen quite a lot . 
  they 're dependent on those imports . 
  i think the us is in fact comparable , because they 're also running a consumer/deficit oriented economy and they 're starting to see problems . 
  that greece does not have their own monetary policy tools sucks , but you ca n't indefinitely run a deficit , with or without them . 
  it 's true that the eu has handled some things badly , but greece actually already got quite a big haircut . 
  i think a real stimulus package would make sense , but they also need to change a lot internally . 
  direct monetary transfer ( which would n't necessarily be bad ) is something that only works in a unified country . 
  but we 're decades away from that , and neither the electorate here or in greece seems to like the idea of a united states of europe anyway . 
  i noticed i mixed the graphs about japan up , my bad . 
  regarding the argumentation . 
  your point was that the debt spike in greece in light of the financial crisis indicates that there 's something fundamentally wrong with the eurozone . 
  the point is actually in terms of debt increase greece comparatively was not worse off . 
  if you 're going from 100 % public debt to 160 % bad things happen . 
  ( as did for greece ) . 
  the uk , germany and the us saw similar increases , but had way less debt to begin with . 
  their was enough wiggle room to survive the crisis . 
  if you think comparing debt ratios does n't mean much , that may very well be true , but then do n't use it as an argument to begin with . 
  [ further comparison ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/da/eurozone_countries_public_debt_to_gdp_ratio_2010_vs._2011.png ) greece does not particularly stick out when it comes to debt as % gdp development , and that was what your original post was all about . 
  edit : ireland is an interesting example , as its public debt nearly tripled . 
  also ireland is n't exactly the most industrious country on this planet , still the country has finally managed to stabilize and recover . 
  http://www.acting-man.com/blog/media/2011/10/german-debt-to-gdp.png this was simply caused by the financial crisis and the countries needs to keep the head above the water . 
  as seen in the graph , even germany ( which as an export oriented nation is widely believed to have profited from the euro ) has gone through a similar development from 2006/2007 and onwards . 
  for further comparison : http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-fvfwxg8-iea/tjn6tji5sii/aaaaaaaaaig/lqffqlewsp0/s1600/us-debt-gdp-percentage.png the united states http://images.angelpub.com/2009/50/3446/us-debt-chart-1.png japan http://www.economicshelp.org/wp-content/uploads/blog-uploads/2012/09/public-sector-debt-perc-gdp-hmt.png united kingdom these countries are not part of the eurozone . 
  the development during the financial crisis does n't look fundamentally different compared to greece , with the exception that greece just started way worse off . 
  http://www.jetdencre.ch/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/greecedebtgdp.jpg?0a47aa greece was already terrible handling their budgets well into the 90s and before . 
  they 've been running on a negative trade balance for decades , as do many countries in - or outside of the eurozone . 
  what is your point ? 
  do you think people will take it lightly that russia is redrawing borders on this continent ? 
  well then maybe russia should n't have annexed part of a foreign country , maybe the irritation would n't be that big then, 
  i personally do n't give a crap about the military bases and i think all this `` we 're a us vassal state '' talk is stuff for people with tinfoil hats , but it 's really sad that we actually ca n't do anything to stop all the us spying . 
  obviously it has , but talking to a lot of people strongly opposed to immigration i do n't really have the feeling that it 's a matter of finance . 
  sure thing , but fact of the matter is that canadian society is already highly diverse . 
  the picture people try to paint as if the us or canada are somehow less open or multicultural than europe is simply absurd . 
  i also think the practice of only opening the doors to highly qualified people is ridiculous . 
  humans are not a commodity . 
  i 'd rather have an honest person with little education immigrate here than a well educated asshole . 
  i do n't know if you 're aware of it , but canada and the us are both in the top five worldwide when it comes to foreign-born population , and america is currently host to more illegal immigrants than most countries hold in legal immigrants . 
  ( 12-20 million right now ) even reagan granted amnesty to over five million illegals during his presidency .
