  for the us i 'd also add the christian science monitor , somewhat weird name but it 's a really good newspaper, 
  those people do not get permanent residence anyway especially with the maghreb countries being declared safe so they 'll have to return over the coming years . 
  cultural self-identification does n't put food on the table . 
  having your population increase by 25 % in a year is not something that is salvageable for a long time no matter if you pray to allah jesus or vishnu . 
  he admits as much in the interview as well when he recognizes that people in these camps pretty much have no opportunity to work . 
  he also operates under the assumption that people will swiftly be able to return to syria . 
  what is this based on ? 
  who says that this war is not going to drag on for at least another ten or twenty years ? 
  i 'm not actually sure if what he says is based more on realistic assessment than ideology . 
  who says that the neighboring countries would even comply with the policies he is advocating ? 
  the three billion bucks turkey got did n't actually change anything about the refugee flows . 
  with some very simple answers . 
  `` just supporting lebanon or jordan '' is a little easier said than done . 
  one in four ( ! ), 
  people in lebanon and one in ten in jordan currently is a refugee , how are these countries supposed to take even more of this ? 
  he 's giving some mighty easy answers . 
  just throwing some money in is n't going to solve every problem , you ca n't just create that many jobs . 
  it 's a good recipe to get a domino effect of failed states instead of actually fixing anything . 
  i know the guy is an accomplished scholar , but his whole analysis is purely ` british ' . 
  saying that losing schengen is not a big deal is something he would n't say if he 'd be working in france or germany . 
   consensus ? 
  please , europe could n't be more divided right now , not just between nations but within each individual nation , i am having difficulty seeing your consensus . 
  consensus as in : people come together with different opinions , debate a lot and then they try to figure out compromises . 
  it 's slow and takes time , but that is how it works . 
  consensus in a democracy does not mean that everybody agrees on everything and nods . 
  sometimes people in democracies are divided and get angry . 
  that 's not bad , that 's how the system works . 
  friction is a part of every functioning democracy . 
  given your ideas about this stuff the de-facto dictatorship might have rubbed off a little more on you than you realize . 
  you do realize that 's not what the word witness means right leave your house sometimes , you might figure out that the world has n't ended yet, 
  yes they 're really fishy , just take a look at the recent `` sonntagsfrage '' ( `` how would you vote if elections would take place next sunday ? '', 
   i think a lot of europeans are getting frustrated with the political process . 
  the apathy , constant meetings , and the lack of results , the postponed deadlines . 
  that 's how democracies work , they 're build on consensus , not one guy calling the shots . 
  if dictatorships are so great move there , ca n't guarantee you 'll be able to come back though, 
   yes i think its more changing attitudes here than an influx of outsiders from ` stormfront ' [ yeah ... about that ] ( https://web.archive.org/web/20140125045719/http://www.stormfront.org/forum/t1018437/ ), 
  and a public announcement while everybody seems to be in a clear state of mind for a change , stop upvoting the rt propaganda to the frontpage, 
  well last time i checked southern italy is part of italy . 
  italy right now looks like germany shortly after the re-unification but with less serious ambition to actually unify the country in any serious manner and that is a huge problem . 
  this kind of divide also seems to occur between london and peripheral parts of the uk , and paris and certain parts of france . 
  it is a huge political problem . 
  i 'm not talking about stereotypes , italy is politically unstable . 
  italy is plagued by corruption and legal insecurity , on the ease of doing business index italy ranks between turkey and belarus , there 's a huge wealth divide between the north and south , the shadow economy is huge , there 's little trust in the political system in many regions etc. . 
  these are n't stereotypes , they 're real existing problems in the country . 
  the first part of your comment is just blatantly obvious , germany and france do n't want germany and france to dominate european politics either , nobody understands the eu that way . 
  southern europe and other countries do n't lack political power , they 're lacking any kind of alternative . 
  criticism alone is going to give you influence , you 'll need to come up with answers as well . 
  if italy is unsatisfied with what germany or france are doing they need to present solutions . 
   people from non-war zones can be granted asylum , but they are not refugees the other way around . 
  asylum is a constitutional right granted to people fleeing from war or political persecution , \u00a7 16 gg . 
  `` refugee status '' is part of the * asylgesetz * , relevant are \u00a7 3 and \u00a7 4 . 
  everybody granted asylum is a refugee , not every refugee is being granted asylum , nonetheless people under `` refugee status '' can get limited residence rights for up to three years initially ( or longer after re-evaluation of the individual situation ) , and permanent residence rights after a certain amount of time depending on several conditions . 
  ( as soon as they get permanent residence rights they can start naturalization and become german citizens ) asylum by \u00a7 16 gg is also only granted to people who directly come from a neighboring country , you can not get asylum status otherwise , this was the very controversial amendment to \u00a7 16 that was passed in the early 90 's . 
  pretty much all refugees today are applying under \u00a7 3.1 * asylg * , in 2014 less than 2 % of refugees were granted protection under \u00a7 16 gg . 
  this is really just a nicer way of saying `` we want to disturb the german-french cooperation because we do n't like the stuff they like '' . 
  if italy wants to be influential italy needs to consolidate in the first place . 
  ca n't really talk to people who change their government every few months and do n't get a grip on major problems that plague the country for decades . 
  [ is that all you 've got ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yo7mwuj7zla ), 
  how is rallying against the `` global financial elites '' and for the `` people of their own countries '' not the literal definition of national socialism ? 
  well after a thorough and good immolation most bacteria will be gone , so yes the health ministry approves !, 
  the ultimate irony , the article points out how nationalist socialism reemerges on the political right and the highest up-voted comment is the oldest national socialist trope in the book, 
  to be fair peer pressure is a thing and sexual liberation can go wrong when people actually * do not * have the option to be not promiscuous because they 're being shunned by other girls or guys , which is n't exactly unheard of . 
  assad kills a lot more people than isis does and the majority of refugees in a poll in november in germany answered that they 're fleeing from assad , not isis . 
  i agree that the only way to effectively to deal with this is to start at the root of the problem , but that means getting rid of both assad and isis , and it would mean a significant number of boots on the ground . 
   most of the time i feel people support socialism either because they have some kind of vested interest ( economic or otherwise , for example in my country most prime ministers appoint excess staff to the public sector which is mostly made up of that party 's voters ) or because of some romantic notion that it could maybe work someday . 
  ... or because they disagree with the radical notion of individualism you mentioned and / or the modern conception of private property ( especially in the context of the digitization and the information based economy ) , also most socialists today are n't hardcore collectivists or statists but more anarcho-syndicalist types ( with more focus on the anarcho than the syndicalist part ), 
  uhm , was n't churchill pretty ambivalent in regards to islam and ` oriental culture ' , his public criticism aside ? 
  the ussr does n't really deserve the label socialism / communism either , because it was essentially what china is today , which is a state capitalist society with the state functioning as a giant single corporation . 
  communism and socialism really do n't deserve to be identified with these regimes because communism , from the beginning , identified the state as an aide of a capitalist society , not an enemy . 
  the colloquial use of communism or socialism has never made any sense , not even in a practical way . 
  it 's simply cold war terminology . 
  you are right to point out that the spanish resistance comes closest to a realized communist society . 
  did you just ask why anarchists disrespect national borders ? 
  how have you seen things going worse , i mean like in real life and not on your facebook feed, 
  exactly . 
  people are kind of confusing a few concepts . 
  corruption usually is characterized by a dysfunctional state , family structures dominating social life and so on . 
  putin 's somewhat rabid nationalism has actually uprooted a good deal of those structures which has resulted in pretty rapid economical growth for the working class of the country ( where he draws his popularity from ) and has upset a lot of oligarchs who have nothing to gain from his isolationist policies ( oligarchs love international relations , it brings in the bucks ) . 
  the yeltsin era was the high-point of this stuff and that is why many russians associate liberalism and ` the west ' with corruption . 
  in that sense putin is n't corrupt at all , he actually has turned the russian state into a scarily functional entity . 
  because he wants the state to take care of his personal life at the expense of other people and sees global poverty/war in the form of this migration as a threat to this, 
  there will always be corruption when millions of people and lots of money and power are involved . 
  the question is whether the corruption is so pervasive that the system is dysfunctional , and that is n't the case in western europe . 
  schr\u00f6der was probably as bad as it was going to get at that level of politics . 
  the rise of the nazi party also did n't have a lot to do with a lack of democracy ( after all the weimar republic was the most liberal , democratic form of government that germany had ever known ) , but a response to historical conditions that a country as small and neutral as switzerland was never subject to . 
  the two countries are n't really comparable in that regard . 
   i simply refuse to believe that the average politician is so much more intelligent , upright and informed than the rest of the population . 
  not the average politician , but high profile politicians usually have the education and experience to justify their position , at least in not overly corrupt countries , which in the context of europe is mostly true . 
  democracy is n't a truth machine , you do n't need to be de tocqueville to figure out that egalitarianism can regress into tyranny , just look at the republican voter base and its current figurehead trump . 
  it 's the epitome of anti-intellectualism and populism , as are pretty much all european populist parties at the moment . 
  there 's also nothing inherently wrong with lobbying . 
  lobbying is experts and representatives of their respective fields trying to get their interests represented in politics . 
  this is true for oil companies and banks , but it 's also true for environmental organisations , labour unions and attac . 
  problems can occur when certain parties are much more influential than others but the process itself is n't at fault . 
  not everything can be done under absolutely transparency , some part of politics has to happen on alternative channels or we 'd never get anything done . 
  direct democracy is essentially a car with everybody having their hands on the wheel at the same time . 
  switzerland can afford it because they have a very small car with a gold airbag but big countries with global influence need continuity , stability and rational decision-making which is n't always in line with the public opinion . 
  if you are catholic you can believe that climate change exists because that does n't actually violate any doctrine , which makes this even more ridiculous . 
  these people are the equivalent of crazy evangelicals,
