  yes , i 'm aware of that , what 's the point ? 
  it works if the government manages to facilitate cultural exchange , which singapore heavily does . 
  they literally promote their multiculturalism in tv adds and have declared it a leading principle of the nation . 
  social cohesion can be created , it just takes proactive measures , education and so on . 
  that buddhists and muslims in singapore can happily life together while they beat each other up in myanmar , is n't just a lucky coincidence , it happens by creating a common identity and not letting people live in sectarian communities . 
  works pretty well in singapore . 
  the problem is n't the diversity , it 's a weak state , dysfunctional economy , lack of welfare , high drug use etc. . 
  not ppp adjusted is pretty much useless , real disposable income is a better indicator if you want to compare standard of living . 
   that 's exactly part of it . 
  if immigration was n't an option , those jobs would receive higher pay and british people supposedly would want to do them . 
  and then the costs will go up which will give everybody a net benefit of zero . 
  this is true for all other sectors as well . 
  do n't want immigrants working agricultural jobs for low wages ? 
  expect the super-market bill to go up . 
  it will do exactly nothing for poor british people . 
  if anything it will hit them the most because they 're most affected by rising consumer product and service prices . 
  sure the number of weird converts who become zealots is probably high , but a marriage conversion is nothing unusual . 
  heck when someone would convert to judaism because the spouse has a traditionalist family no one would give a fuck . 
  disowning your daughter because she converts to the religion of her husband ? 
  that 's fucking ridiculous, 
  sorry , but why do n't you think that those people are good people * because * they are muslims ? 
  they certainly would agree i suppose, 
  ah yes , the good ol ' `` muslims are terrible people '', 
   who believe the king james bible is the word of god i do n't know what 's worse , the christian fundamentalism or the american exceptionalism that makes you believe that a few hundred year old translation of the bible is the only true version . 
  the next step is probably to believe that the old testament was originally written in english, 
  yes , i live in a parliamentary , constitutional democracy . 
  i 'm pretty sure . 
  democracies are a rather extensively developed concept , there is no such thing as an ` actual democracy ', 
  print : zeit subscription , tv : public news , online mostly spiegel , s\u00fcddeutsche , bbc , guardian , npr , cs monitor . 
  well that one was an artist . 
  do n't let them get political power !, 
  oh , sure http://www.shareable.net/blog/public-housing-works-lessons-from-vienna-and-singapore, 
  uhm ... the post you provided op, 
  aggregate demand ? 
  never heard of it . 
  hans werner sinn told me to cut spending, 
  germany is running a surplus that is very damaging to the european economy , so yes for germany domestic spending as well as investment are insanely important . 
  yes he is , they do . 
  the ifo institute is ridiculous and also preaches monetary and fiscal policy from outer space . 
  remember how they told us that the minimum wage is going to cost hundreds of thousands of jobs . 
  weird how that did n't happen, 
  well citizenship gets you voting rights , not the tax report and i think that 's okay, 
  i do n't understand what that is supposed to mean, 
  there 's pretty much one single thing all economists agree upon and that is that rent control is a populist measure that sucks . 
  if you want to increase affordable living space , start social housing programs and address gentrification issues . 
  vienna is a very good example of a city that runs an excellent public housing program being among the most livable cities overall . 
  it has also opened them up for social democrats and liberal or even green voters . 
  the cdu is doing very well right now , a few disgruntled people on the conservative right wo n't change that , the party is looking to get young voters and members , not old ones . 
  one place where the cdu is still having trouble is in the big cities with many of the governments still being run by spd and the greens . 
  the urban areas are only going to get more important in the future demographically , so it would make no strategic sense at all to chase after a few reactionaries . 
  the lasting damage that the ` stranger danger ' ideology has done ( and it consciously was used as a tool to suppress minorities , especially against african americans in the us ) is insane . 
  although every bit of evidence contradicts the idea that criminals are exotic guys coming out of the bushes to get at you ( 4 out of 5 rape victims know the perpetrator and come from the same social class ) , the idea is still stuck in people 's head . 
  good job criminal justice system of the 60 's . 
  i 'm opposed to using nazi resistance fighters and british socialists as figureheads for right-wing movements . 
  they would have turned in their grave if they 'd read the inhumane shit the people spew there . 
    free-speech arguments  this is a bad thing ? 
  no , it 's just not what the quote is about . 
   are you equating beeing opposed to unchecked migration to beeing a nazi ? 
  can you please not throw niem\u00f6ller at me to defend right-wing shitposters on the internet . 
  the guy was n't a neckbeard making free-speech arguments , he gave up his life to resist the national socialists . 
  if you like niem\u00f6ller leave your house and protect a refugee home . 
  no , unconstitutional views do not get representation in a constitutional democracy . 
  that is called restructuring your debt , it is not a crime and can make a lot of sense, 
  please show me the law that obligates newspaper companies to keep comment sections open . 
   if you cant change the system from the inside you might as well ~ ~ try to change popular opinion from the outside . ~ ~ hold super cultish ted talks i for once plan to store 47 varoufakises in my varoufakis account . 
  he has done lasting harm to greece and europe . 
  he ran a populist campaign that was doomed from day 1 , riled up the greek population against the european/german boogeyman and simply ran away from the responsibility when he noticed that governance is actually serious business . 
  obviously not being able to post shit in the guardian comment section , a private website , turns the eu into the soviet union . 
  next they 're coming for your vidja games , oh boy !, 
  in many cases getting a degree does n't pay off given the prices . 
  many people would be better off starting an apprenticeship or work right away or go study abroad . 
  not every place in russia is dangerous and full of bears , the big cities feel very european actually, 
  what ? 
  i ca n't beat and molest my wife , what else is good in life ? 
  the troubles left almost 4000 people dead and 50.000 injured . 
  it 's an insane comparison . 
  can i ask how old you are ? 
  i feel like some people in their twenties have no idea what dimension this conflict had . 
  northern ireland was a warzone lol , [ you can take a look at the number of victims yourself ] ( http://www.statista.com/chart/4093/people-killed-by-terrorist-attacks-in-western-europe-since-1970/ ) nobody in northern ireland would have cared about a random guy with a machete even on an uneventful day . 
  it 's a completely ridiculous comparison . 
   the security situation currently is probably as bad as northern irland when the ira was trying to do bombings tho . 
  it 's not exactly supposed to be every days . 
  this one takes the cake . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  letting extremism run rampart in your country sets a dangerous precedent as well , we 've plenty of experience with both and agreed that in certain cases of extremism surveillance is warranted this is n't new by the way and is n't limited to the far-right spectrum . 
  even social democrat chancellor willy brandt implemented the very controversial * radikalenerlass * , which prohibited far-left / communist individuals from taking public jobs as part of his anti-communist domestic agenda . 
  ( while interestingly enough pursuing an opposite course on foreign policy ), 
  you would make an excellent afd candidate and yes , you should follow you moral compass if laws are unjust . 
  arguably you 're even obligated to, 
  will obviously take some time but someone who is staying here illegally has no perspective and ca n't just live off the grid or something . 
  we 're in a good enough political and economical position , the world is n't going to end if it takes a few years . 
  we possess plane technology, 
  being protected from harm is also a fundamental human right , and the witchhunting that takes place especially in certain parts of the english media-sphere has ruined a pretty huge number of lives . 
  criminals possess rights as well . 
  publishing names of suspects is deplorable and illegal in several european countries . 
  * \\* * hobbles drunkenly through dresden 's streets * \\*, 
  if you 're a college student you can get the print version for about 70 $ a year , would recommend, 
  it is n't obligated to contradict the government line on every single issue . 
  sometimes opinions overlap . 
  this is europe , people have nipples and penises,
