  this is not what secular modern societies are about . 
  the central bank can devaluate the euro against other currencies , wage adjustment is n't necessary as the euro is n't pegged to the yuan , for precisely the reason that we 're not going to impoverish our citizens by going into a wage war with china . 
   implying that the wages correctly mirror productivity at any given time [ as you can see here ] ( https://kkalev4economy.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/euro-ulcs-ecb-inflation-target1.jpg ) it is true that southern europe on average had nominal weight growth * somewhat * above the target ( but converged towards the target about 2011/2012 ) , but it absolutely pales in comparison to what germany has done . 
  and if you keep the absolute size of the german economy in mind it is immediately clear that the other countries could never ( or should ! ), 
  devaluate in a way that would match germany 's behaviour . 
  also as you can see your statement about greece is clearly exaggerated . 
  greece stays reasonable close to the ecb inflation target . 
  religion might not be important for you , but you should at least be sensible enough to understand that it still is for a lot of your fellow countrymen , including muslims as well as christians . 
  it 's a nice looking building , you do n't even pay for it , and it might even generate a lot of tourist money for the city . 
  is it so hard to respect other people 's beliefs that you ca n't even tolerate a building ? 
  bucharest seems to have about 10 mosques , that does n't seem all that much for such a huge city . 
  the mosque would also hold about 2000 people , which again does n't seem `` gigantic '' . 
  for comparison , the biggest church that is currently under construction in bucharest has place for about [ 10.000 worshipers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_people%27s_salvation_cathedral ) . 
  i guess the reason is that muslims in romania can go pray there . 
  also that is an completely different argument all together , nice shift of the goal post . 
  the article seems to suggest that turkey is funding the mosque . 
   about reports in local media that romania has agreed to a request made in april by turkish president recep tayyip erdogan to allow his government to fund the construction in the romanian capital of a mosque and islamic university by 2018 . 
  [ source ] ( http://forward.com/news/breaking-news/311600/will-planned-romania-mosque-stoke-anti-semitism/ ), 
   we need hospitals and schools not useless buildings . 
  now that you have defined what is useful and what is not for the whole of humanity i 'm glad that we can end the discussion . 
  not to mention that you can also build mosques and hospitals at the same time edit : looks like i 've successfully angered the fedora mob, 
  note that i said that wages have to grow 2 % faster * than the productivity in the respective countries * . 
  if nebraska is less productive than new york , they should pay lower wages . 
  i did not say everybody needs to pay the same wages , very important difference . 
  additionally the us has transfer payments in the form of social welfare across state borders , which is essentially another form of smoothing out economic imbalances , while europe has rejected the idea of a `` transfer union '' . 
  that 's exactly how economics in a currency union works , more specifically that 's the whole point of it . 
  in the maastricht criteria we have agreed that all nations ought meet a 2 % inflation target . 
  what that simply means is that all nations have agreed to increase their nominal wages 2 % faster than their productivity does . 
  if that is not the case it would mean that every country starts a deflationary race to the bottom ( as there are no flexible exchange rates ) to undercut their ` competitors ' . 
  that would be absolutely catastrophic for every domestic market ( because it would destroy demand and increase unemployment , what is exactly what we see in southern europe ) and thus destroy the purpose of the currency union in the first place . 
  competition in a currency union , especially wage competition is hugely counterproductive as it would imply that the interests of the nations are n't aligned and would result in a deflationary race to the bottom . 
  the whole point of the currency union is to harmonize wage development , that is why the ecb has set a 2 % inflation target . 
  what that simply means is that nomial wages have to grow 2 % faster than productivity ( push-cost theory ) in every respective eu country . 
  if countries ignore that , imbalances occur that cause systemic trouble . 
  because exchange rates are fixed wage cuts would be the only way to stay competitive , destroying demand and thus the domestic economy . 
  that is exactly what we have been seeing in southern europe . 
  you conveniently forgot to quote the rest of the paragraph  ... religion can be part of the process . 
  what makes the difference is whether the process is democratic or not . '', 
  there is nothing wrong with bringing your religious convictions ( or lack thereof ) into politics as long as you respect the democratic institutions and process . 
  as this specific tradition is simply a version of religious fasting that is very much known in all abrahamitic religions , especially in christianity , i do n't know why it would be controversial to state that ramadan is now also a swedish tradition . 
  what the swedish politicians are saying is obviously not a historic statement but simply a confirmation that there 's nothing wrong with ramadan that would prohibit it from being a part of swedish culture . 
  google ` treuhandanstalt ' for an example that went not so well spoiler alert : the damage to the public through corruption and clientelism during the process of privatization of gdr assets is estimated to have been about 10 billion mark . 
  not sure what that is in 2015 euros , but probably a lot . 
  he 's basically been trying to explain first semester economics to people through his blog . 
  there 's hardly a lot of ideology involved when he tries to explain to the german public that not everybody can run a trade surplus and that not everybody can become more economic competitive at the same time . 
  i do n't see the ideology in basic logic . 
  my argument is that there is no scarceness of money to the degree that we need to frame the debate in a way of `` live vs money '' . 
  in the link you provided they guy simply conjured up an unreasonable scenario . 
  there practically is no safety regulation that costs you 10 million bucks to save five lives . 
  we do n't need to make that kind of calculation . 
  yeah that 's exactly my point , there is no rational reason . 
  we can borrow money for literally no interest , build stuff or consume more but still people keep carrying their money to the bank although they do n't earn anything on it . 
  it 's purely cultural . 
  our government is obsessed with running a balanced budget although we could invest now and reap the benefits in the future at very little cost . 
  the telegraph had an article on this mindset a while ago : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/comment/ambroseevans_pritchard/11150306/german-model-is-ruinous-for-germany-and-deadly-for-europe.html, 
   it sounds callous but healthcare systems can not afford to treat all patients with the most effective medicines and best care . 
  this depends on the political and economical framework that we employ . 
  some drugs on the market cost a few thousand dollars a pill . 
  that is not the case because the pill is made of unicorn horns or because there are only ten people on this planet who can manufacture it , but because we are willing to get ripped off by an industry that makes more profit than the oil business . 
  can we supply * the best care to everybody * , i do n't know , but it 's also an absurd proposition . 
  what we could do is provide very good treatment , probably excellent treatment for everybody if we 'd be willing to make the right political decisions . 
  clearly we should reduce air pollution , that 's always a great thing to do . 
  but we definitely should n't slap a price tag on life just because we voluntarily let ourselves being bullied by an industry that 's supposed to provide a social service instead of making billions of money off the backs of sick people . 
   i actually read on telegraph that saving rates in germany are too low , way too low , even negative : the savings rate describes the amount of money that companies and people are bringing to their banks instead of spending it on consumption and investment . 
  what the article talks about is the * interest rate on savings * , aka how much interest you earn on the money you bring to your bank . 
  that the interest rate is so low indicates the opposite of what you assumed , it means that the savings rate is high . 
  many people carry their money to the bank , so the bank will offer you less interest on it . 
  [ germany 's savings rate is well above the average of advanced economies ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gns.ictr.zs?order=wbapi_data_value_2013+wbapi_data_value+wbapi_data_value-last&amp;sort=desc ) ( 26 % of gdp compared to 16-18 % in southern europe ), 
   sure , but that is beneficial to germany , not other countries , because other countries will lose the german investment . 
  which is what needs to happen . 
  the problem of the eurozone is an imbalance of savings and investment . 
  saving rates in germany are too high and investment is too low , it 's the other way around for the european periphery . 
  reducing these imbalances is beneficial for everybody . 
   can you clarify this ? 
  how does public investment in your country help boost exports in the other eu countries ? 
  well public investments means that we 're going to build roads , bridges , infrastructure and stuff . 
  a certain part of that will require imports from our neighbouring countries . 
  also public investment will create jobs which will result in people having more money for consumption which our neighbours will profit from . 
  also public investment will boost productivity which will mean that investors will tend to invest in germany again rather than moving capital abroad . 
  ( germany 's productivity has been lacking for years ), 
   yes , private debt can cause problems , but the problems usually do n't extend beyond that one company . 
  the private debt was systemic , too . 
  it 's not just one company , it 's what created the housing bubble in spain and completely busted their economy . 
  it 's what inevitably happens when germans carry their hard earned money to the bank and the banks go out and invest that money somewhere else . 
   it 's the private companies that export their products while it 's the government who creates public debt . 
  so i do n't see the connection there . 
  but that 's exactly what we need to do , we germans need to create more debt !, 
  if we want to stop the mechanism described above we need to increase public investment and get some money flowing back to our country , which in return will boost exports in the countries around us , helping them consolidate their economy , reducing imbalances . 
  as we 've seen in the us and spain private debt will at some point cause the same problems public debt does . 
  it does n't really matter if the capital flow goes through private or public hands , as soon as banks fail due to the imbalances private debt will have to be nationalized and mortgage crises turn into public debt crises . 
  oh and yes i should n't have used trade and budget surplus interchangeably my bad , although these two usually go hand in hand , especially in the case of the eurozone countries . 
  if countries would finance their budget deficit domestically ( like japan ) we would n't have the current distortions . 
  be happy that i even respond to your baseless crap , if you do n't understand what i just told you grab a junior year econ book . 
  they have the option , but as most muslims do n't belong to a centralized organization they do n't make use of it . 
  no , there is no other option , literally . 
  one country 's surplus is another country 's debt . 
  now it might be the case that the money flows over several countries say from german banks to poland and from their to southern europe , but the systemic problem of the eurozone will always be that savings from northern europe keep going to southern europe leading to the imbalances described before . 
  whether it is accumulated as private or public debt does n't really matter either , as private debt crises will turn into public ones as soon as the bubble bursts and the banks fail . 
  money will not sit around or get burned . 
  if one country runs a surplus some other country will run a deficit .
