  but the british government is n't going to provision you with american health insurance . 
  they 'll only cover the expense if you 're insured in the uk . 
  uhm the united kingdom also has government mandated healthcare . 
  you ca n't buy health insurance across borders . 
  there is literally no difference here . 
  please stop throwing platitudes around . 
  keeping regulations on the quality of health insurance is something that pretty much any country on the planet does , for the simple reason that if complaints crop up you have problem getting stuff legislated across borders . 
  how is that even remotely connected to legislating radio songs ? 
  can you give me a specific example ? 
   yeah sure protectionism only exists in france that specific form of protectionism is peculiar and very typical for france . 
  in germany for example you also have state radio stations that are funded with public money and specifically cater to a german audience that might not be covered by the market , but you would n't have legislation that forces quotas on all radio channels including private ones which i think is quite silly . 
  france is unique in a way that social and cultural measures are always shoved down everybody 's throat with a quite unusual amont of force . 
  to be fair free software issues aside stallman 's other political views really are so fucking nuts that you ca n't blame anybody, 
  what you 're doing here is throwing enough shit with the hope that some of it sticks . 
  the article is talking about a specific issue , free speech . 
  not government surveillance , not lgbt rights , not terrorist threats in paris . 
  and in regards to free speech , nothing in any major european nation has changed . 
  on the contrary the proliferation of online boards , blogs and videoplatforms has pretty much removed any form of civility that existed in the traditional media . 
  what a terrible article . 
  no on is tightening the screws on free-speech . 
  no laws regarding free speech have even been changed in the slightest . 
  in germany , france the uk and pretty much the whole eu incitement of hatred or hate speech have never been covered by free speech , what has happened is simply that existing laws are being enforced on multi-national companies . 
  to tie this to the surveillance state is of course ridiculous as well , given the fact that the most leisurely free speech laws and the largest surveillance state in any developed democracy happen to happily co-exist across the pond . 
   if you 're walking on the tramway expect rinkeling and do n't punch the tram if you disagree with said rinkling . 
  i know some of these words, 
  which they also will only be able to do * if * they become citizens , which probably not all of them will . 
  depending on how the situation in syria develops a lot of them might go back . 
  also it 's purely speculative to claim that they 'll overwhelmingly will be voting for the akp . 
  i do n't know , that 's a completely different topic . 
  you just said that they can somehow become turkish citizens and will come to europe anyway , which they ca n't , they can only do that if they legally naturalize . 
  also if they manage to do all of that in five years i have no trouble with anybody coming here on a visa . 
  i 'm pretty sure you need to reside at least five years in turkey , speak the language and earn a sustainable income to apply for naturalization , so i do n't think that comment makes a lot of sense, 
  this is the first time poverty is even being discussed again . 
  people need to stop to alienate their neighbors . 
  the reason why those poor communities are suffering is because politicians did n't care at all . 
  instead of directing the anger at immigrants who often are even worse off they need to direct their anger at the people in power . 
  dividing the lower class will not help them at all . 
  for the first time in years germany is moving away from austerity . 
  the german government has announced extensive social housing programs , infrastructure programs and the social democrats have started to debate whether higher social benefits might be reasonable again . 
  those people share the same interests . 
  they live in the same neighborhoods , work the same jobs and will send their kids to the same schools . 
  if the poor working class would be voting in their economic self interest they 'd be voting for left wing parties . 
  the economic reality of many immigrants and low income natives is very similar . 
  they share the same problems . 
  why antagonize people whose side you ought to fight on ? 
  if this is a class struggle do n't turn it into an ethnic or religious conflict . 
  the working and the immigrant class wants the same things !, 
  especially ukip and the afd are libertarian parties that promote terrible policies for the poor working class , this is why i have very hard time believing that people voting for them do not at least implicitly hold racist views . 
  the afd wants to privatize unemployment benefits , that 's the biggest break with the german welfare state in a very long time . 
  left-wing populists in europe atm seem to be quite strongly internationalist , especially in spain ( which is natural given that the country has a strong anarchist tradition ) . 
  why would anarchists invoke nazi comparisons , given that they were the one 's putting up a fight against the fascist dictatorship ? 
  seems completely nuts to frame left wing spanish politics as authoritarian . 
  neither is using ` leftist ' as an insult in countries that have rich social democratic traditions like most scandinavian ones . 
  pot calling the kettle back here ? 
  the disappointed people aside there 's a strong core of nativist , racist people in the popular right wing movements that often happen to be the strongest driving force . 
  i should be allowed to call those people out , given that the parties are often using ambiguous rhetoric as a tactic simply to keep these people in the movements in the first place . 
  the moment they would clearly disavow them the parties would lose a lot of steam . 
   terrorists the problem is that the definition of that term seems to be rather fluid depending on which group promises short term gains http://static3.businessinsider.com/image/52a1c37869bedd476f5aaefd-960/independent-1993%20 ( 1 ) -1 . jpeg, 
  one of them is a strategic ally and the other party is a strategic enemy . 
  what they 're doing domestically is n't relevant . 
  whether we arm them has nothing to do with beheadings or whether they 're a theocracy . 
  a hundred countries are doing just fine , a superpower projects power globally . 
  south korea is an american proxy on the asian continent and projects absolutely zero power . 
  china developed much earlier than the 90 's . 
  industrialization and education of the workforce happened during the communist era . 
  rapid wealth increase happened when that generation of people was exposed to the global economy . 
  south korea is n't a superpower , china literally did the same thing as the soviet union lol , ever heard of the great leap forward ? 
  that resulted literally in 20-40 million dead chinese people are we making up history now ? 
  being so sad made you so low, 
  this is just the companies merging that run the stock market exchange , this does n't have any impact on the stock markets itself, 
   you need the null hypothesis here . 
  the same thing happened everywhere ** in the developed world ** highlighted the important part . 
  russia was an agricultural feudal nation ( literacy rate for russia at the turn of the twentieth century was 20 % , compare usa/uk almost 90 % ) that turned into a global superpower over basically two or three decades, 
  norway is an incredibly resilient nation . 
  i think it is simply astonishing how adamantly they 're protecting their values . 
  maybe a good time to plug [ this graph ] ( https://d28wbuch0jlv7v.cloudfront.net/images/infografik/normal/chartoftheday_4093_people_killed_by_terrorist_attacks_in_western_europe_since_1970_n.jpg ) again to put things into context . 
  the separatist struggles in western europe were pretty bloody . 
  is this a soviet relic ? 
  according to reddit everyone is a far-left crypto communist , except for the reasonable people , which vote for geert wilders and are moderate centrist no seriously , the party is far right and some of their heads , most predominantly bj\u00f6rn h\u00f6cke , literally draw from nazi rhetoric . 
  talking about the 1000 year old german empire , talks about `` vital north africans '' which will replace us all and so on . 
  lately he 's also brought up the ` antagonism between christianity and judaism ' so apparently they 've also dropped the pseudo sympathy for judaism now which the right had adopted . 
  as you 've pointed out some of the afd members have also advocated to only support ` traditional and legitimate ' german art , which is pretty much a proto-fascist idea and sounds like the good old ` entartete kunst ' which was part of the ` purification ' of german cultural life . 
  it 's all quite ridiculous if one actually pays attention . 
  germany as a whole is nearing full employment . 
  demographics is predicting labour shortages over the next few decades . 
  the only thing you can do about these fears is try to dispel them , they do n't have any factual ground . 
  on the contrary , the increasingly rabid attitude of people in eastern germany is harming tourism and companies have voiced skepticism if the areas are a worthwhile place to invest . 
  it 's actually only affecting them negatively . 
  are you getting your news from the pravda  the west with it 's liberal politics will go away , because it is against evolution what does that even mean, 
  but now we 've found a way to tame them through glorious european bureaucracy , your numbers are meaningless france !, 
  the more people you make , the more paperwork to fill !, 
  you can voice criticism all the time , even the mainstream media does . 
  ` die welt ' and the faz are fairly conservative large news papers that have repeatedly given people opportunity to voice criticism . 
  what is not part of serious discourse is fear-mongering about how germany is going to be 110 % muslim in twenty years or whatever . 
  just look at the stuff people on pegida protests are demonstrating with . 
  merkel in a burka , claiming that the federal government is comparable to the eastern german regime etc. . it 's completely irrational . 
  you need to bring these people back to planet earth but the answer can not be to give up journalistic integrity, 
  i did n't even say that anybody is a nazi , you are hallucinating but if you think that the german media is run by a cabal of politicians you are nuts , the media is n't lying to you . 
  ` the media ' is not actually an entity that exists . 
  there is no institution that controls the german media .
