  bla bla just say ` cultural marxism ' so we know where you 're coming from , wo n't make much more sense either way, 
   but you 're saying terrorism is about discontent . 
  why did n't al qaeda attract so many westerners ? 
  because isis has been winning for a long time and is running a serious propaganda campaign . 
  al qaeda never seriously tried to mobilize outside of their core group . 
  the propaganda effect ca n't be underestimated , just look at the videos they put on the internet . 
  catering this kind of information to young westerners was simply technically not possible at al qaeda 's height . 
  no he 's absolutely right . 
  former french prime minister dominique de villepin last year wrote a good article about this . 
  you ca n't stop hundreds of thousands of people with a fence man . 
  but you know if germany were to close its borders that not we , but exactly the smaller eastern european and southern countries were the ones being screwed ? 
  when germany paused dublin we took pressure * off * the border nations , it seems only natural that a long term solution is based on solidarity and involves all european countries . 
  is it really so hard to understand her statement in the context of our constitution ? 
  by `` unlimited '' she refers to the fact that asylum is an individual right , that you on principle , can not collectively deny asylum but you have to check each case separately . 
  it is not a synonym for `` everybody '' . 
  it 's still useless though because from the study it seems like they did n't adjust the amount of money and used the same amount everywhere . 
  5 bucks in china are worth much more than in the uk so the incentive to cheat is higher . 
  i do n't think this experiment makes sense until you cancel the wealth differences out . 
  the point is that polls are bad at reflecting how genuine someone holds beliefs and acts on them . 
  i 'm pretty sure that not every fifth american goes out looking for ufos every fortnight . 
  all these polls saying that 33 % of british muslims want shariah law or whatever , do n't you think if they genuinely believed that in the sense that they live their lives accordingly reality would look a little different ? 
  to make a more serious comparison , the latest gallup polls showed that 28 % of americans would favor relationships between [ consenting adult homosexuals to be illegal ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/1651/gay-lesbian-rights.aspx ) . 
  ( not marriage , but practicing homosexuality ) . 
  do you think throwing this number around accurately describes americans ? 
  about 20 % of the american populace believe that aliens landed in roswell and that obama is the anti-christ and 5 % believe that lizard people are controlling the american government , so i guess 12 % are ... not too bad ? 
  [ btw i 'm not making this up ] ( http://www.publicpolicypolling.com/pdf/2011/ppp_release_national_conspiracytheories_040213.pdf ) serious point being : a surprising amount of people believes silly stuff and depicting reality with polls is not a good idea . 
   they are a tiny organization boko haram has , quite literally , today been anounced as the worlds most dangeorus terrorist organisation by the iep 's global terrorism index . 
  you are also aware that `` boko haram '' literally translates to `` western education is forbidden '' ? 
  they 're a global threat . 
  you can do that , it just has very little to do with terrorism . 
  political global terrorism exists for decades now . 
  if isis is defeated some other organisation will crop up , there is no terrorist free world . 
  hell the ira conflict is barely a few decades old and cost over 10.000 lives . 
  who says another secessionist movement like this wo n't happen in europe again ? 
  it 's about a mindset . 
  people need to accept that there is no security guarantee in a free society . 
   civil war in syria has nothing to do with terrorists blowing up paris . 
  there are civil wars going on all over africa and have been for a century . 
  nobody in africa is trying to destroy the west . 
  no african groups are chanting `` death to america '' or recruiting citizens of europe to murder people . 
  because we , as in the western nations , are a negligible actor in africa . 
  also african terrorist organizations are a serious threat to western security , for example boko haram which is the only other big terrorist organization that has pledged allegiance to isis . 
  invoking the fear of ww ii imagery in poland because it 's an emotional trump card is n't criticism , it 's pathetic nationalist agitation . 
  they eu as a democratic institution can not function if people do n't subject to majority decisions . 
  you do not need to put germany in bracers , it is a european decision , the majority of eu countries stands with germany on this topic . 
  and do me a favor and cut the islamization crap , you sound like a pegida spokesperson . 
  not everybody is going to die of terrorism . 
  terrorism ca n't kill everybody . 
  terrorism can only bring society down if we bring it down ourselves , that 's the whole point . 
  and this is not about pacifism . 
  pacifism is a term describing being opposed to war in all circumstances . 
  but this is n't a war , you 're doing terrorists a favor if you elevate what they do to ` war ' . 
  the logic of conflict between sovereign static nation states does not apply to what is happening here . 
  what i 'm advocating is the opposite of nihilism , not reacting to this is n't a sign of weakness , it 's a conscious decision and a sign of strength in a situation in which doing * something * no matter how disastrous , would be the more popular and easier choice . 
  the arab spring started in several middle-eastern nations , did the usa orchestrate all of it ? 
  people do n't like to live under murderous dictators , they can only take so much . 
   so you think it would be better for everyone if assad stepped aside and let a terrorist organization like hamas take over ? 
  this is n't a matter of better or worse . 
  both isis as well as assad are unfit to create a stable nation , that 's all there really is to it . 
   i do n't give a damn what the syrian people do , as long as it does n't involve blowing up teenagers in paris . 
  well you really should give a damn about what happens to the syrian people , because civil war is what breeds terrorism like nothing else . 
  well if it were stable , it would still exist . 
  as it does n't we can close the lid on this discussion . 
  also it never was . 
  baschar 's father bombed the city of hama indiscriminately during the hamas uprising in the early 70 's killing about 10-40k of his own citizens . 
  uprisings in syrian history happened regularly every few years with death tolls that would throw every sane person out of their chair . 
  are the syrian people supposed to accept massacres by their own leader ? 
  because he has killed over 250.000 syrians in his lifetime , [ has this year killed eight times as many people as isis ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/islamic-state-has-killed-many-syrians-but-assads-forces-have-killed-even-more/2015/09/05/b8150d0c-4d85-11e5-80c2-106ea7fb80d4_story.html ) , and nothing in the country was ever stable . 
   well so far you have presented no actionable responses there is none , mourn the dead , turn the news off once in a while , accept that in a free society there is no 100 % security and move on with your life . 
  oh yes , taking up some refugees is going to be as bad as ww ii destruction of poland . 
  it would be hilarious if it would n't be so sad . 
  poland 's german arrogance/imperialism claims are the equivalent to hillary clinton 's `` i 'm a woman '' and christie 's `` i was there on 9/11 '' . 
  poland is part of the eu , they joined it , live with it like an adult or get out ( which would obviously mean that they 'd miss out on those delicious bucks in eu funding they 'd get up to 2020 ) but please stop the whining . 
  your post has no content , you need to make arguments , not just say things  as i already said religion is an integral part of their ideology . 
  yes , i read that . 
  why though, 
  they would survive as long as they will with islam , religions do n't stop bullets . 
  and i do n't see why people would n't join , westerners join the pkk as well . 
  yes i can , that 's why i drew the comparison . 
  but the nazis were neither medieval nor were they religious . 
  they were nationalists and nobody would assert their motivation was religious in nature or that they were barbarians because they were violent . 
  that actually was my original point . 
   no , you have gotten that wrong . 
  and it is very much relevant what they say , you just can not disregard what they say and then go on inventing your own stuff as their ideology . 
  that 's how to get things wrong . 
  if i ride a horse through the streets in armor and proclaim the crusades i do n't become an authentic christian . 
  it 's silly semantics , if they are islamic 90 % of muslims are n't or vice versa . 
  pick one , anything they do n't have anything in common explaining why they declare war on everybody and their uncle . 
  the religion is there to spin a fitting narrative no more no less . 
  the nazis used pagan imagery because it looked fancy , they did n't go to war to please thor . 
  isis is a rabid secessionist movement born out of a civil war in 7th century cosplay . 
  they are n't medieval , they 're people like anybody else . 
  they consider ** every fucking person who is n't part of their state infidels ** , they consider the damn saudis to be infidels , that was my point , they distinguish by statehood not religion , it 's irrelevant what they say . 
  their definition of `` true muslim '' and muslim has about as much in common as cars and carpets . 
  isis victims are 90 % muslim , under normal circumstances that ought to make someone think before characterizing their terror as ` islamic ' . 
  also you ca n't be a 7th century fascist , fascism implies post - industrialized and mobilized society , but the author uses the word fascism without actually knowing what it means , hence my `` he sounds like a redditor '' . 
   they are not fighting west to defend syria , their aim is conquest , genocide , subjugation and sowing chaos . 
  these things are not only assertions , but also not mutually exclusive, 
  it sounds like it has been written by a redditor . 
  random rant against millennials although i fail to understand what they have to do with global terrorism , and demanding stuff about which there is already consensus .
