  refugees , not migrants . 
  and they happen to come here because there is a war in syria going on , not because angela merkel said some nice things on tv . 
  they may prioritize germany over other nations because she said those things , but she is not responsible for destabilizing regions in the middle-east . 
  if you did not want to delegate power to the european institutions , knowingly that this will cost you some of your sovereignty as is the nature of every political union , why did the citizens of estonia overwhelmingly vote in favour of joining the eu ? 
  the eu is n't a choose your own adventure club , it 's a cooperation between states based on democratic principles . 
  you get things out of it , but you also need to respect the majority opinion even if you do n't like it . 
  germany does `` rule over europe '' only insofar that they exercise the political power that has been voluntarily delegated to them by the countries that decided to join the european union . 
  germany can not demand arbitrary things or demand things by force . 
  regarding the uk , the country has largely withdrawn from exercising her political power within the eu voluntarily . 
  they obviously could throw their weight in buy they generally decide not to . 
  also this refugee crisis is largely effecting continental europe , so on this specific issue the uk involvement is simply limited due to its isolated geographical position . 
  all of that does n't change that an opinion shared by france , germany , and italy has good chances of being put into action . 
  they are by far the three biggest nations on the continent . 
  this is democracy on the european level , not conquest . 
  you just do n't happen to like the decision . 
  a good chunk of those is probably open to people who speak english , which a good portion of the refugees does . 
  actually daimler has already started providing refugees with apprenticeship positions and other huge companies are following through . 
  this is what daimler 's chairman dieter zetsche has to say on the matter : http://www.euronews.com/2015/09/15/refugees-may-be-germany-s-next-economic-miracle-says-daimler-boss/ as far as opinions from the industry go this guy is n't your worst bet . 
  i 'm not sure i understand what you 're saying . 
  these positions staying vacant means that we 're simply wasting potential and indicates that we 're lacking workforce . 
  when these positions get filled we generate economic growth and taxes , so that obviously helps everybody . 
  yes , over one-hundred thousand apprenticeship positions last year stayed vacant . 
  not to mention that every consumer , including refugees increases aggregate demand , thus creating more jobs . 
  finland 's labour costs have for years exceeded their productivity growth , which is the opposite of a race to the bottom . 
  you can hire donald trump and build a giant wall , but no evidence at all points in the direction that this is a recipe for economic success . 
  you have a functioning social system only if you have people employed and if you have tax income and if your demographic development is sustainable , for that you need a competitive economy and immigration . 
  sweden and germany are hardly examples of countries in which working conditions are horrible , the former currently experimenting with a six hour work day . 
  no , that would be cutting government spending . 
  i would offer a solution , change the fiscal policy and reduce labour costs , which have skyrocketed in finland as fast as in no other country and immigration will help you here . 
  with finland low public and private debt it makes no sense to cut spending during a recession . 
  the `` scavenging for jobs '' narrative is a myth . 
  almost all european countries that suffer from recession and unemployment also have net emigration , take greece or several eastern european countries as an example , while countries with sensible fiscal policies have excellent labour market conditions * because they maintain high immigration rates * , take the us , canada or sweden as an example , which has just reached the lowest unemployment rate since 2008 . http://www.economonitor.com/edwardhugh/2015/03/27/is-finlands-economy-suffering-from-secular-stagnation/, 
   and the country is facing austerity measures . 
  there you have your problem . 
  do n't confuse the refugee situation with a mislead fiscal policy . 
  well the problem is rather that they are not allowed to work by law until their asylum status is officially approved which often takes many months or even years . 
  this is n't really acceptable and there 's no good reason for it . 
  norway is changing so fast man , incredible, 
  the bureaucracy involved really needs to be reduced and refugees need to be able to get a job asap , no matter how simple . 
  it 's obvious that living in miserable conditions without any work opportunity is going to drive you nuts really fast . 
  you 'll be forced to wear a turban soon . 
  prepare yourself !, 
  just kidding , obviously you do n't and the guy is an idiot . 
  regarding this specific topic i think it 's a fairly accurate representation of the public opinion , in which country do you think the opinion diverges significantly ? 
  here 's a map showing the current stance on the proposal : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5d/eu_immigration_quota_plan_map.svg/800px-eu_immigration_quota_plan_map.svg.png so you might be right with your assessment of finland and the uk , but western europe largely voiced support for the idea . 
  this was n't represented on this subreddit at all , not even from most german and french posters . 
  i 'm actually pretty confident that this distribution would occur pretty frequently on several topics . 
  \\ # 6 does not get the price for best prediction though, 
  yes , i disagree strongly . 
  this sub is n't representative of europe at all , if it were i 'd pack my bags . 
  the sub largely perpetuates opinions that are shared by european nationalist-populist parties which maybe represent 20 % of the population at most . 
  in some countries they are irrelevant . 
  take the response to angela merkel 's statements as an example , the response on this subreddit was in no way comparable to the public opinion in germany . 
  what kind of people are you hanging out with if the atmosphere here is tolerant ? 
  genuine question, 
  because over the last few weeks everyone who does n't perpetuate the same populist shit is being downvoted like fucking hell . 
  this subreddit is worse than a pegida-demonstration , it 's like europe 's collective internet-lowlife is gravitating towards this place . 
  indiscriminately bombing * your own country * is never `` worth it '' and never justified . 
  even in a war between nations this would probably be considered to be a war crime . 
  this is practically genocide of your own population , it 's not tolerable because it is `` secular '' . 
  yes , you could as well ask `` why does america not have a * mittelstand * ? '' . 
  different economic and social culture which brings both advantages and disadvantages . 
  certain parts of the united states have a high density of the world 's best universities , insane amounts of venture capital and as a result innovation and high tech , on the other hand these areas are often volatile , susceptible to become bubble economies and produce social and racial inequality through rapid gentrification , hire & fire situations at the workplace and so on ... now the us has a different idea of entrepreneurship and when people happen to fall through the grid that seems to be the price you pay for this , but it 's hardly something you could emulate here in germany . 
  venture capital for example only makes up a small amount of investment here and people will rather prefer modern but established industries , small and middle-sized companies over start-up culture and a steady well paying job that they can keep for as long as possible . 
  and the assad family keeps murdering their citizens for * decades * . 
  hafez al-assad bombed the city of hama indiscriminately killing between 10k and 40k people in 1982 , while his son is happy to use biological weapons on his own population . 
  you can see how this kind of stuff fuels a civil war right ? 
  if your political orientation is slightly left of anders breivik i can understand why everything looks like marxism, 
  ` cultural marxist ' is the new ` communist ' of far-right/white supremacist groups , obviously it 's sitting at +50 . 
  did n't you know ? 
  sleeping with intoxicated strangers behind an oktoberfest tent is the pinnacle of human liberty !, 
  did n't we get over this in the 80s ? 
  yep , literally any other statement from this video was reasonable , but die welt being die welt they obviously had to go with the one silly line . 
  the polish memes are too dank, 
  [ i sadly have to say we will lose this competition to the colombians . 
  ] ( http://www.vice.com/video/asses-of-the-caribbean ), 
  obviously the european union has de facto affected uk sovereignty , when uk politicians make a decision they now do so in the context of being in a union with other member states whose opinion and reactions they have to respect . 
  that 's the nature of entering a community with other nations , legal treaties they have signed obviously also apply . 
  a union between states can never function if power is not delegated , that 's the basis of every cooperation on almost any institutional level . 
  all of this applies to eastern europe as well . 
  they get a lot from the eu including net funding , transfers of knowledge in the form of erasmus programs and trade , improvements in bureaucracy and so on , but they have to bring something to the table too and if they think that the european union is a ` choose your own adventure ' club they are mistaken . 
  the money also happens to leave the economy . 
  if you hand over someone in germany a fixed amount of money they will spend it again , thus creating demand . 
  as refugees will almost exclusively consume and not invest , this money directly goes back into the economy and creates economic growth . 
  so no matter how much we spend or how little turkey spends , we are better off spending our money inside the eurozone . 
  this also has nothing to do with your first post by the way in which you asserted that turkey `` is impressive '' or `` has a better method '' , they simply have a * different exchange rate * . 
  is this adjusted for purchasing power and quality of living ? 
  if not the numbers are n't comparable . 
  given the fact that turkey 's prices are about 60 % lower than germany 's this would bring the cost down to 4billion euro 's in germany ( ppp ) for 800k compared to 7.6 billion for 2200k which does n't seem so bad given the fact that refugees in germany also are getting access to language courses , complete medical assistance , accommodation and so on . 
  sneaky freedom deliveries you mean, 
  the measures are already failing and croatia has started to let refugees pass through again to hungary while hungary is starting to let them move on to austria again . 
  a wall around all of europe ? 
  who 's supposed to build that , donald trump ? 
  let 's pray that the refugees do n't develop ladder technology . 
  for your information , these kinds of hindrances have proven to be very ineffective in practice , an example of this is the us-mexican border , which although highly secured is largely ineffective . 
  europe 's borders are much , much harder to control . 
  politically because their constitutions and the charter of human rights forbid them to do that as every human reaching a country has the right to apply for asylum , practically because people do n't magically vanish because you ` deny ' them something . 
  yes it does , because at the moment germany is soaking up most of the refugee streams * voluntarily * . 
  if germany were to withdraw , greece , hungary italy and so on would have to deal with numbers of refugees they simply ca n't handle . 
  it 's not exactly rocket science man,
