  yes and we also have jews saying that this attitude is stupid and that they should n't play into the narrative of right-wingers . 
  since when does breitbart speak for all jewish communities ? 
  then they are choosing poorly . 
  giving up civil rights and liberties because they 're afraid of becoming the victim of individualized crime is as old of a decision as it is shitty . 
   was it perhaps protestants who did this may i introduce you to a certain christian who is arguably [ the founder of german anti-semitism ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/on_the_jews_and_their_lies ) and yes , i 'm implying that it 's not muslim immigration that is reponsible for the jewish population in europe dwindling . 
  as i said france and italy are the only two countries with significant acceleration of emigration , which could just as well be for economical rather than social reasons . 
  the german jewish population is growing . 
  so the muslim population of france is literally hitler . 
  there is no hope for you fucking people . 
  the indonesian province of aceh , which must be the most obscure example someone has ever presented to me in a discussion about * france * , has a 98 % muslim population . 
  you are not going to be 98 % muslim in france . 
  not tomorrow , not in ten years , not in a hundred years . 
  what is that example supposed to tell me . 
  demographic projections * actually * estimate that the muslim population will be 10 % in 2050 in europe . 
  that is four percent more than now over the course of 35 years . 
  if that process would continue at the same pace , and the muslims in europe were as radical as the people on some random island in indonesia , we will look like the province of aceh in ** 805 years ** . 
  sorry but explain to me how you are going to get to a muslim country with death penalty with any vote you can do in france . 
  there is no political muslim platform against gay rights in france , i do n't think there is an islamic political platform in france at all . 
  the fn on the other hand has a very real chance of rollling gay marriage back , and marine le pen 's position on the issue is very clear . 
  7 % of the french population are muslim , they can literally not take your civil rights away . 
  the only political threat you as a gay person are facing is secular intolerance or catholic intolerance , because those are the two only sizable groups that can actually vote your civil liberties away, 
  a lot . 
  they had a surprisingly loyal customer base !, 
  the only two countries in europe with significant emigration of the jewish population are france and italy . 
  they might as well just leave because israel is a booming country and southern europe faces economic problems . 
  going to israel if you are concerned about your safety , given the amount of violence in the country , does not make a hell of a lot of sense , voting for a homophobic party on the other side does n't make a great deal of sense either . 
  there are major safety issues for practicing jews * everywhere * . 
  it 's a shame but that 's how it is . 
  israel being one of the more dangerous places . 
  well you 'd guess wrong . 
  germany 's muslim population is only marginally smaller than frances . 
  but given the fact that you 're going to get upvoted for this nonsense in this cesspool of a subreddit keep on the good work . 
  not even at christmas you people can keep the fucking vitriol at bay . 
  which is true for many jews . 
  they still seem to feel safe and welcome here . 
  i obviously know what you are implying , can you explain to me then why germany has one of the fastest growing jewish communities in the world , one of the few countries with net immigration of jewish people in europe ? 
  they 've also adopted gameplay stuff from the second game and used it in the first game , not sure what specifically though, 
  han chinese are n't homogenous lol , there are like a dozen different languages among the han population that are not even mutually understandable . 
  there are areas in china where you travel a few hundred kilometers and you think you are on a different continent . 
  as i said , it 's a militaristic symbol since the prussian times . 
  neo-nazis or not militaristic symbols are n't very popular in german society . 
  because it 's seen as militaristic and it has become a common neo-nazi symbol , far right fraternities use it as well . 
  there is exactly one military ceremony , the '' * gro\u00dfer zapfenstreich * '' , but there is no regular torch march i know of . 
  it actually is very controversial here as well because of the prussian military connotation , and many politicians have repeatedly debated whether to abolish the ceremony . 
  brought this up repeatedly when the whole russia / ukraine conflict was still fresh and was called a shill . 
  ukraine 's relationship with fascism is very troublesome and ambiguous . 
  just like in hungary , bulgaria and romania there 's a very persistent anti-semitism mixed with conspiracy stuff . 
  it has obviously been utilized by russian propaganda but it 's true as well . 
  the eastern european countries that were axis aligned never worked up their history and ever since the end of communism this sentiment brewing under the surface comes back again and again . 
  the important concept here is human dignity , which is worthy of protection . 
  what constitutes a violation of human dignity is defined by the elected government . 
  in our secular version of it which i consider to be the right one this touches things like sexuality , race , religious beliefs and so on . 
  it 's not any more or less arbitrary than the speed limit . 
  and your radical solution is clearly not the only solution since the existing solution in the majority of developed nations does not adhere to the * full * version of free speech , not even in the united states . 
  all countries are practicing a compromise between human dignity and freedom of expression . 
   freedom of speech is necessary because government should n't be allowed to control speech . 
  that is the tautology i was referring to . 
  you are saying that freedom of speech is necessary because freedom of speech is necessary . 
   the third reich happened in germany , and any opposition to the nazi party was jailed , allowing the nazi party free reign . 
  how is this not an example of the necessity of free speech ? 
  that 's a very vulgar view of how the national socialists came into power . 
  they rode on a wave of popular support , largely stemming from years of agitation of an impoverished voter base and free propaganda of anti-democratic ideas ever since the fall of the weimar republic , which culminated in their election victory in 1933 . 
  the nazi party was not just a mere collaboration of a few dozen people oppressing the other 99 % , they were the result of a long campaign against democratic ideas and a democratic system that could not defend itself . 
  this is precisely why the federal republic has reserved the right to censor and punish anti-democratic behavior . 
  we know the dangers of propaganda and relativism . 
  free speech is not a truth machine . 
  the nazis had a firm grip on society a long time before free-speech ( and other civil liberties ) were even censored . 
  the voices of minority dissidents were simply not heard because the popular opinion had already tilted towards fascism . 
  i did answer his question . 
  i am not sure what you want to hear . 
  slippery slope arguments are obviously not valid , that 's why they 're considered to be fallacious . 
  any political measure can be lead ad absurdum by using that kind of logic , it 's irrelevant whether some of those concerns happen to be true or not , the argument is n't any more relevant than it was before . 
  any form of security ? 
  police state . 
  any form of censorship ? 
  thought police . 
  any form of taxation ? 
  did all of this happen in venezuela ? 
  yes . 
  is this a valid argument ? 
  i did n't dodge the question . 
  unconditional free speech is a fundamentalist position , so is opposition to any form of surveillance . 
  if you agree that free speech , privacy and so on need to be weighed against other principles , security for example , which is a sentiment i share , we are already in agreement . 
  if they take a fundamentalist position against the intelligence apparatus as a whole , yes . 
  as france is a laic state , yes they leave their religion at the door of public offices and institutions , so to speak . 
  there actually never is any real criticism , people are just repeating the meme `` oh my gosh there is no freedom of speech '' . 
  to this day absolutely no one has convinced me why i need to worship freedom of speech like a deity , aside from weird slippery slope arguments about descending into the fourth reich which to my knowledge has n't happened in france or germany or the uk . 
  like , that statement literally has no content , and `` this is censorship '' is the same thing just in different words because it 's the literal definition of not having unconditional free speech . 
  i ca n't wrap my head around how posts completely void of content get so heavily upvoted here, 
   \\  freedom  \\  we elected one party to rule everything  \\  i see it as a good thing you need to check out again what freedom means, 
  in a union with 28 member states there will always be disagreement about this or that topic , just like in every other democratically organized group . 
  the eu is n't an all you can eat buffet with everybody only getting what they like , it 's an absolutely childish attitude . 
  i always have to laugh a little when i read conservatives telling the left how to behave . 
  especially the call for more street radicalism is interesting , coming from conservatives . 
  what is podemos supposed to do , set shit on fire ? 
  the new left is coming out of established institutions yes , they 're reformers more than revolutionaries but i fail to see why this is a problem . 
  does the right want the left to behave like it 's the fifties so they 're on even footing ? 
  i bet if podemos would do that we 'd be reading articles about the left being a dangerous anti-democratic force of rabblerousers . 
  incorporating environmentalism and identity politics is a bad thing ?
