  in a secular society positive freedoms to be able to exercise your religion are valid and the state is supposed to uphold them . 
  you are not hurt in your ( non ) religious freedom if other people have additional choices . 
   it 's hard to call it that when there is so much desert in the middle of nowhere to patrol without much in the way of obstacles . 
  there are well protected sections and sections where you could just walk across . 
  but that precisely * is * the nature of every sufficiently large border . 
  there is no way in hell how you can make thousands of miles of sea and land border ( in the case of the eu ) so safe that people wo n't find a way around it . 
  it 's probably not theoretically feasible and it 's definitely not economical and it 's also morally reprehensible honestly . 
  figure out a way how to best help refugees that get here , try to genuinely improve the situations in their countries ( instead of whatever it is we 're doing now ) so that people do not need to become refugees in the first place , but just trying to build the great wall of china is not going to work . 
  merkel got a lot of hate for her `` there is no asylum limit '' sentence but that is simply what she wanted to express , you ca n't stop people fleeing from their home . 
  nope , still thrilled, 
  he 's saying that the whole `` france is in a terrible state , the great exodus . . '' and so on stuff is overblown , which is true . 
  france is a great country , the french just like to complain a lot . 
   why is merkel not complaining then for example to the usa about how hard it is for mexicans to get through to the usa ? 
  because merkel is n't an american politician . 
  also it 's not hard at all . 
  the us receives ~ 500k illegals every year , most of them over the mexican/american border which is among the most secured borders of the world , but the simple reality is that borders that huge ca n't be controlled . 
  just as a figure , over 50 % of the workforce in californian agriculture consists of illegal workers , so i do n't think the characterization of the mexican-american border as some kind of fortress really hits the mark . 
  you ca n't '' * defend your borders * '' in the sense you are implying , if you do n't want people fleeing from their country the only way to do it is to improve the conditions in their respective nations . 
  you ought to be careful though , because if you happen to live in a state bordering mexico you might end up not having food on your table . 
  not really , russian living standard is pretty okay-ish , comparable to most eastern european countries , reddit still thinks we 're living in the 80 's . 
  in my book this brings us one step closer to a firefly future , so consider me thrilled !, 
  sure , but i think the context was that the government is to blame for these xenophobic reactions , but that 's just not true . 
  sarrazin was allowed to state his opinions but that was all . 
  his party condemned him and tried to throw him out , there is no systemic fearmongering . 
  sorry , instead of slightly increased airport security i have not noticed any restrictions in my personal life . 
  even camera surveillance has n't significantly increased in most places . 
  where am i being restricted or what has changed ? 
  except that did n't really happen in germany . 
  when did we spread fear against islam in this country ? 
  politicians ( with a few fringe exceptions ) have been trying to fight xenophobia for a very long time now . 
  in the 80 's that sentiment would have been correct , but ever since rostock-lichtenhagen there has n't really been any scaremongering from the public side because people have seen what it that can do . 
  `` people '' as in the democratically elected majority will chose if that 's the course they want to take , in almost all european countries they are not holding the majority opinion , / r/europe is n't representative of the continent 's citizens . 
  these people are simply arsonists and criminals who are part of a far-right minority , they have absolutely no legal or moral right to enforce their will on the rest of the population any more than everybody else . 
   if someone comes at you with a knife while you 're off guard from within 21 feet you 're going to get stabbed . 
  that 's all that 's relevant for me . 
  i 'm not interested in going out kicking in screaming like it 's a wild west shootout . 
  as a tool to prevent self-harm a gun is not useful against knife ambushes . 
  i actually want the perpetrator in front of a judge , no need to `` light him up '' . 
  the chance that i 'm hurting bystanders by trying to shoot someone who is on me with a knife is not worth it . 
  ever heard of the 21 - foot rule ? 
  guns are not useful against surprise knife assaults . 
  the number of actual left-wingers , as in socialists is ridiculously small on reddit . 
  on liberal issues reddit is somewhat split , most progressive issues like feminism , equality of outcome , affirmative action , immigration and so on are very regularly being ridiculed . 
  the general tone on most default subreddits is more like basement-dwelling libertarianism if you had to give it a name . 
  also waiting very long for this , it should really be higher up their priority list . 
  if you 're talking about hoi 3 , it had some problems with quad core cpu 's . 
  there 's some fix around somewhere . 
  respect is needed for a civil society . 
  it 's the glue of any multi-ethnic or multi-religious culture . 
  just look at the violence in countries in which no respect for each other exist . 
  even in developed countries like the us this shows . 
  and to your question `` must free societies tolerate insults ? '', 
  no of course they do n't . 
  or are france , the uk or germany not free countries ? 
  that 's a matter of opinion really . 
  i would n't want to live with so much debt in my youth . 
  what if i get sick ? 
  have to move to a region with lower pay than what i expected ? 
  what if i just want to travel for a half a year ? 
  nobody 's invincible . 
  numbers work like this . 
  say `` x '' is your base , and your number is `` n '' digits long you have : a \u00b7 x ^ n-1 + b \u00b7 x ^ n-2 + ... z \u00b7 x ^ 0 so `` 123 '' in decimal just means : 1 \u00b7 10 ^ 2 + 2 \u00b7 10 ^ 1 + 3 \u00b7 10 ^ 0 ( 100 ) + ( 20 ) + ( 3 ) you read numbers of all bases the same way . 
  well i happened to work with graduate students involved in solar energy research and you can guess what their opinion on the energy market is . 
  people going into their respective fields tend to be very enthusiastic about their topic of research . 
  feasibility studies do n't lie though . 
  nuclear energy is expensive , storage questions are largely unanswered and the price is only going to go up as the developing world is eager to develop nuclear capabilities themselves . 
  the french government recently did a large study on the cost of going 100 % renewable till 2050 , and the renewable-scenario beat both nuclear and gas based alternatives . 
  the study also went with fairly conservative estimates in regards to price development and wind energy capability . 
  http://www.ademe.fr/sites/default/files/assets/documents/rapport100enr_comite.pdf sorry for the french source , but many other studies confirm this , too . 
  a recent study regarding california came to similar conclusions : http://web.stanford.edu/group/efmh/jacobson/articles/i/californiawws.pdf, 
  the term `` mass immigration '' alone is not justified criticism anymore because it already conjures up the imagine of `` hordes '' of people `` overwhelming our country '' . 
  the language alone is abhorrent . 
  who are those level-headed immigration skeptics ? 
  and if they are so level headed , why ca n't they keep the issues of immigration and refugees apart , which are two only remotely connected topics ? 
  i 'm not sure about how much the numbers varied between the plan and reality ( if i remember correctly schlieffen calculated somewhat more than one million soldiers to take france ) but the biggest factor really was belgian resistance . 
  the belgians went completely off the rails , literally . 
  they destroyed most of their own infrastructure , which germany needed to use for its heavy artillery . 
  they actually flooded huge parts of the country by destroying dikes which ruined a lot of their agricultural yields because of the saltwater and they forced the germans into a trench war , germany simply did n't calculate such resistance . 
  nuclear waste storage is a huge problem in germany . 
  we have n't yet found a place that can reliably store nuclear waste so that future generations are n't endangered and the costs are really high . 
  adding to this come the costs for new nuclear plants . 
  they need to be heavily subsidized and the existing ones need to be taken down which again costs money . 
  nuclear energy is n't cheap . 
  coal is cheap , gas is * way * cheaper , and even most renewable energy sources are cheaper than nuclear energy . 
  also demand for fuel has been outpacing production for decades and the price is only stable because several countries have been hoarding reserves . 
  i 'm a little annoyed by the misinformation by people whose scientific education does not eclipse neil degrasse tyson youtube videos and who are convinced that nuclear energy is super awesome and advanced because it has the word ` nuclear ' in it . 
  it 's really a pretty awful source of energy with huge external cost for society . 
  the only thing that 's unambiguously positive is the lack of greenhouse emissions , but which again is also the case for renewable energy . 
  well i also did n't know that i called anybody a nazi . 
  i said that they are ignorant and radicalized , that does n't make them nazis . 
  that the distinction between `` mass immigration skeptics '' and ignorant lowlife is more a question of semantics than anything else . 
  the people hobbling through dresden are n't moderates . 
  well you told me to `` fuck off '' so it actually sounded like you are defending this kind of education , which seems to be nothing short of propaganda . 
  romania is part of the european now , this kind of crusade mindset ca n't go on forever . 
  \\  east germans \\  with whom you share same language pick one, 
  well my country actually functions well nowadays so we do n't need to conjure up historical myths and enemies to keep our population occupied . 
  you can enjoy your tribalism if that floats your boat but do n't expect me to look at the world as if we 're living in the 19th century , spoiler alert : the ottomans do n't exist anymore . 
  western alliance with sa is largely based on geopolitical goals , not oil . 
  only 7 % of western oil imports come from saudi arabia . 
  a2 ) you fuck up in the process and end up getting whipped 300 times,
