  one could argue that putin knows that france and germany will not accept a sweden membership in nato so by actively trying to rile up sweden he 's increasing tension in europe . 
  on one side russia is pushing sweden into nato and at the same time russia is pushing europe 's bigger powers to not expand . 
  dividing europe on controversial issues is pretty much russia 's go-to foreign policy in regards to europe on several levels . 
  i agree , but these people are n't radical leftists . 
  they are n't politicized , they 're not part of a socialist movement and what they do seems to be a reaction to the current political climate and not some intrinsic ideological motivation . 
  that 's a mischaracterization , really . 
  i 'm very sure a lot of these people are not very familiar with marxist or anarchist thought . 
  this is simply a large group of disenfranchised youth with very little perspective in their lives and no opportunity at all to change politics through the established institutions . 
  they destroy stuff because they 're angry , not because they 're ideologically driven . 
  they 're not even politicized in any way and they do n't represent any parties or serious movements . 
  both big stick and the monroe doctrine were primarily policies of deterrence . 
  as the name suggests the goal was n't actually to hit someone but to display power . 
  [ two merci ] ( http://www.heathersbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/merci_chocolates3.jpg ), 
  nope , i 'm only pointing out that the us practised a doctrine of non-interventionism from jefferson until pearl harbour , in stark contrast to the fuckfest that was the european continent . 
  that they annexed texas at some point in history is not of geopolitical relevance . 
  i know that texas was annexed . 
  by your weird definition every country on this planet is imperialist because at some point in history it annexed something . 
  that 's not the point . 
  the us reside in their current borders for a very , very long time . 
  their neighbours do not feel threatened . 
  this is different for countries like russia whose very history is defined by territorial gains and losses , to this day . 
  if you think of russia you think of the soviet union , if you think about france , the uk and portugal you think of territorial empires . 
  the us were an isolationist nation pretty much up to ww ii . 
  who gives a fuck whether they annexed texas or threatened panama . 
  talking about whether it is justified or not does n't make any sense . 
  the mistake here is to believe that there is such a think as a ` just war ' . 
  there is n't . 
  if you start a world war , there will be war crimes and there will be rape . 
  it 's a fact , no way around it . 
  wow the us were a colony , you must be a history professor or something !, 
  yes , when the united states were created they expanded , wow !, 
  the point is very swiftly after the nation was established they considered themselves to be saturated . 
  the us project power , they are not hungry for territory , some ridiculous small exceptions aside . 
  look at the relations of eastern europe and russia and then look at the relations between the us and the rest of the continent . 
  do you think canada is afraid of being annexed ? 
   besides all this what is the point you 're trying to make ? 
  that we europeans are supposed to feel bad but the rest of the world should n't ? 
  the point is that the only time europe has been truly at peace is since the institutions exist that european nationalists want to undermine ( which is the topic of this thread ) . 
  european nations have a historical trend to do awful stuff and drift apart , more so than many other parts of the world . 
  nearly all of these chinese wars are civil wars inside the country . 
  the us has never shown serious territorial ambitions every since it 's inception ( that the native population suffered is obviously true but also not related to the topic at hand ) . 
  the muslim conquests maybe come closest but the expansion on the european continent did n't last very long and compared to european expansion on what is basically the whole world just pales in comparison . 
  in modern history europe simply was the biggest driver of imperialism and colonialism , that has nothing to do with political correctness but is simply a historical fact . 
  that is just blatantly wrong . 
  the us did n't landgrab shit for centuries , china has basically been turtling around for 3000 years and africa was colonized by , drumroll , europe . 
  not to mention the two biggest wars in human history actually started here . 
  in modern times the european continent and its nations are truly unparalleled when it comes to war . 
  the only time this stopped is since the european union exists . 
  [ come comrade , sing with me !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tcmi0ukbbe ), 
  no , women who have anal sex are not at a significantly higher risk to get hiv because they 're not in contact with a high risk group . 
  the reason they ask gay men is so that they can sort the people out who are at high risk to have hiv . 
  because the prevalence of hiv among women is way , way lower than among gay men . 
  that they european court of justice is turning a medical issue into a political one . 
  why ? 
  are you an enemy of the people , comrade ? 
  well the ussr had pretty giant growth years during the first three five-year plans , so i 'd be a little careful going by that metric alone ... 
  i think the actual reason is way simpler . 
  linux is just not widely installed on devices sold in retail . 
  the biggest problem is simply that most people will not re-install their operating system . 
  sure , but the celebrations are primarily a historical reminder of the victory over nazi germany , and not a celebration of the eastern european occupation . 
  these historical events are too important to be mixed up and used like this . 
  it reminds me of the greek war reparation debate in the light of the current euro - crisis . 
  nope , not on matters of fundamental rights which protect the individual from coercion by society . 
  we 're living in a democracy and not under mob rule . 
  there is such a thing as constitutional rights , which to my knowledge in all european countries includes the right to apply for asylum . 
  it does n't actually matter what the majority of people thinks in this case , as constitutional rights are luckily not a matter of majority decisions . 
  as the right to asylum includes people being persecuted for political or religious reasons , it is irrelevant whether a country is at peace , whatever that means . 
  sure , but it does n't make a lot of sense to discuss such an ideology outside of historical context , especially if the same roots are still there . 
  even in today 's discourse these unpleasant ideas are still very present . 
  there is ` northern superiority ' vs ` southern european laziness ' in the economics discussion , inhumane attitudes in the refugee discussion and violation of constitutional rights when it comes to the freedom of religion in cultural discussions . 
  you have to be kidding me . 
  we had fascism and genocide on this continent barely a few generations ago . 
  on the contrary , history has shown that totalitarianism is a key feature of european nationalism , and although militarism might be present in the us , totalitarianism for sure is not . 
  debatable , it 's pretty inclusive compared to the tribal european nationalism that 's largely based on * v\u00f6lkisch * or outright racist ideologies . 
  well i 've never seen it here , the science checks out, 
  what ... what is this amazing place ? 
  because it 's an intelligence agency , they always do stupid shit everywhere . 
  it 's not helpful but it 's also not going to cause serious damage , if anything it 's a waste of taxpayer money . 
  but do n't embarrass yourself by acting like the world is going to end or as if germany is n't a sovereign nation . 
  germany is already very seriously sovereign , please not this again, 
   the headline does not do this thing justice . 
  what came out today has shaken the foundation of the german state ( sovereignty , separation of powers ) and will either have serious consequences or delegitimize german politics for years to come . 
  or alternatively , absolutely nothing will happen, 
  well ironically during the first world war germany supported lenin 's passage to russia from switzerland ( and supported the bolsheviks financially ) with the hope of causing instability to undermine the russian war effort . 
  if you want to permanently stay , you need to work , to have a job you need skills . 
  what else is needed ? 
   we 're no longer locked in an existential conflict of ideologies and superpowers . 
  yes we are , have you not been paying attention to what comes out of russia ? 
  as long as russia thinks we are , we are . 
  but it 's not the biggest problem in the uk or the eu , it 's not even a real problem and every time i read something about british politics it involves immigrants because that 's all farrage talks about . 
  he has a xenophobic agenda and it 's poisoning european discourse . 
  but these policies already exist . 
  immigrants are giving a huge boost to the uk 's and europe 's economy as a whole already . 
  if you welcome immigrants as much as you say then i do n't get why you would want to change anything about the situation as it is right now . 
  then why did they join the european union whose founding principle are open borders . 
  if you want to turn your country into a fortress , although it has never actually done anything good in the entirety of human history , by all means go for it but please stop annyoing the rest of us, 
  it 's the nature of the procedure . 
  even in the developed countries there is still divide along ethnic and social lines . 
  [ it is illegal in france for example for that very reason ] ( http://blog.oup.com/2015/02/france-surrogate-motherhood-ban/ ) the majority of women will understandably not go through pregnancy just to give the child away out of the kindness of their heart .
