  being a racist is n't `` diverging from the social norm '' , it 's unacceptable bullshit . 
  that kind of euphemism is exactly the problem . 
  and no , you ca n't convince these people . 
  if they would be convinced by facts , reason or basic human empathy they would n't hold their positions in the first place . 
  they 're xenophobic because they 're angry and disappointed , not because they 've rigorously thought about it for months . 
  i 'm not talking about people having philosophical debates about religion , or people discussing socialism or market economies . 
  what i take issue with is people who hold anti-humanist , unconstitutional positions that have no place in a civilized society . 
  and these people are very loudly present here as well . 
  and these people do not need to appeased , they need to be condemned by society instead of trivializing or relativizing their positions or even physical attacks on refugee camps , which is a common occurrence again . 
  just as i 'm not going to discuss flat-earth physics with anybody i 'm not going to discuss anything with racists or xenophobes . 
  i like to think that we have reached a baseline of sanity in this society that ought not to be sacrificed for the sake of consensus . 
  populism plays on emotions , not facts . 
  it 's like engaging in discussions with conspiracy theorists , nothing good will come out of it . 
  it 's not that intellectuals are any more separated from society than they were before , it 's that the internet is pretty much a megaphone for people who would not have had an audience before thus making it look like they constitute a majority . 
  there 's still a civil educated majority in pretty much every european country . 
  we will achieve nothing by moving idiots into the spotlight . 
   a lot of the `` far right '' are winning votes based on left-ish , protectionist economic sentiment as well , not purely the immigration issue . 
  it 's a more general populist movement , and i think remains to be seen how it will play out does the term * national socialism * ring a bell ? 
  fascism always incorporated left-wing working class elements , it 's a great way to attract the mouth-breathers . 
  i second this . 
  thanks for doing it mods !, 
  well if you take the german finance minister 's stance as representative for the german people ( which it kind of is ) you ought to do the same thing in regards to france or spain or you 're employing a double standard . 
  especially because the anti-german sentiment seems to be somewhat more popular among the general population than it is among high-ranking french or spanish politicians . 
  setting fish on fire is vandalism , not violence as no person was hurt , big difference . 
  well the people decided that they have the right to do that after they were ignored by their government . 
  also this is n't actually that big of a deal in france , it 's somewhat of a cultural heritage . 
  yep you can always sign an avast petition , that 's bound to be successful, 
  i really do n't understand how that is valid response to my post . 
   8 % is a darn sight less than 25 % you 're not really going to argue that scotland leaving the uk is no biggie because of a silly technicality right ? 
  i do n't think that makes it a lot better . 
  that scotland nearly left was a completely disaster for the uk and a big political warning shot to london . 
  and to get back to the topic , thatchers politics definitely are partially responsible for the cultural split between the more social democratic scotland and the `` finance , yay ! '', 
  attitude that seems to be prevalent in london . 
  i 've actually spend some time there myself with other college students who could n't even afford anything because their rent was so expensive , in an apartment with a broken heater at that . 
  if selling cities out to international investors so they can send their rich kids there is a great model for a city in your opinion then okay , but i do n't think that 's particularly great . 
  i genuinely do n't understand what 's bad about it . 
  voting is n't really working , upvoting shit on facebook is n't going to help somebody , at least burning some fish gets the message across . 
  farmers all over europe are working under really crappy circumstances because of price pressure , at least the french populace does something about it instead of swallowing every useless policy . 
  in germany they 're busy setting refugee homes on fire , in france it at least seems like when the population gets angry it 's a car or some fish to protest the economic policies of their government . 
  seems like a better attitude to me . 
   thatcher 's big bang contributed to making london the pre-eminent global financial centre and the massively successful city it is today i 'm not an expert on the uk but i think the uk is more than london . 
  if a quarter of your country is so pissed with your capital 's politics that it nearly secedes maybe you should take that into consideration while praying in front of your thatcher altar, 
  no , solidarity is what the european union is founded on . 
  the right to apply for asylum is guaranteed to everyone by our constitution . 
  this is n't just my opinion , it 's a founding principle of the whole union and all european nations . 
   if really business and refugee policies or other humanitarian subjects are separate things . 
  then , why are we still not transferring all of our wealth to countries wherein people are killed , prosecuted or starve to death ? 
  what is this , the reductio ad reddit ? 
  this shit gets posted here so often it does n't actualy warrant a response . 
  no , we should not give * all * of our money away , just like no one asks you to give your whole paycheck to charity every month . 
  what we should do is help within reasonable limits and as much as we can , and that is what we 're doing . 
  it might surprise you but refugee policies are usually humanitarian in nature and not a business decision . 
  not saying that this applies to this specific case because i do n't know enough about the party in question ( many leftist parties today just use the word communist but tend to be democratic socialists ) , but just because 4 % of the population supports someone does n't mean that they have a place in a democratic society . 
  democracy does n't mean `` whatever people want to vote for '' , it means `` whatever people want to vote for * within a framework of categorical rights and institutions * '' letting a party that wants to end democracy participate in a democratic election does n't make a lot of sense . 
  well yes because russia is * by far * the biggest trading partner , constituting a third of their imports and a quarter of their exports . 
  https://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/ukr/ they ca n't function economically without cooperating with russia , does n't matter if ukraine likes it or not . 
  both , but the fact that you are convinced that there is no democratic or open culture outside of europe does n't actually warrant a serious response in the first place . 
  as i said , ever been to indonesia ? 
  250 million pop . 
  muslim country and democratic too , with an open and diverse culture . 
  incredible right ? 
  you say that like it 's something i would n't do voluntarily . 
  not a * single german * has yet been killed by islamic terrorism in this country , not one . 
   have you ever seen any open , democratic society evolved on different culture ? 
  yes , have you ever been to indonesia or south east asia ? 
  nope probably not . 
  i 'd bet five bucks you have n't left the european continent in your lifetime . 
  i dunno if i 'd have done it anyway , i think it looks better anyway so maybe i guess , everyone 's experience is different as you said . 
  what it comes down to in the end is if you think that the potential negative experience for the child outweighs the right of these groups to practice their traditions and customs , which is a very important part of their lives and society . 
  i think they should be allowed to continue to do it if is is done by a qualified physician and appropriate medical standards . 
  in germany military service was mandatory too until 4 or 5 years ago , so yes i have served 9 months as pretty much anybody else who is older than 25 here . 
  i did n't say anything about soldiers being evil . 
  i simply said that soldiers are n't innocent , they are legitimate targets in a military conflict . 
  there is no such thing as `` just doing your military service and going back to civil life '' , the military is not the boy scouts . 
  yes it was for medical reasons , but i really have n't heard of a lot of people who have had any kind of impairment . 
  it seems like many people that are describing it as mutilation are n't circumcised , because if the procedure is done right you should n't experience anything negative . 
  regarding `` let them decide for themselves '' , yes sure it 's generally a reasonable approach , but it always needs to be weight against other considerations as kid . 
  circumcision is an incredibly important ritual in jewish culture . 
  it 's the first rite that makes the newborn a part of the society , it 's an important part of their identity . 
  i know that the whole notion of family and culture is n't something your average secular 20 year old westerner cares about , but some people still do . 
  i also know quite a lot of secular jews ( it 's pretty common nowadays ) , and almost none of them regret that they 've been circumcised or see it as being ` manipulated ' or forced . 
  as someone who was circumcised later in life , there 's no negative difference . 
  pretty much everybody in the us is circumcised , they 're not all crippled . 
  that 's why it 's not mutilation , because it does n't have any negative impact on your body . 
  it 's a very minor thing that takes a week or two to heal , probably even faster when done shortly after birth . 
  people just love to go apeshit about other culture 's customs . 
  well rituals derive their meaning from the fact that they are rooted in tradition . 
  it 's very hard to imagine to just randomly move these things around . 
  also the exaggeration needs to get out of this debate . 
  circumcision does n't make you a victim . 
  it does n't impair function and even has some small medical benefits . 
  it 's not mutilation . 
  children experience their parents culture , they do n't grow up in a vacuum please deal with it . 
  the fact that you continued to speak of mutilation , which male circumcision is not , and the fact you identify everyone who has their kid circumcised as a `` zealot '' implies that you have n't really considered anything . 
  nearly all americans are circumcised for cultural reasons , what are they ? 
  secular zealots ? 
   so who exactly would be stopping this boy , now a man , from getting circumcised of his own accord ? 
  well the tradition goes back to lev 12:3 '' `` and in the eighth day the flesh of his foreskin shall be circumcised . '', 
  so the custom is to have it happen on the 8th day after birth , if the kid is deemed to be healthy . 
  heinous ?
