  the `` ossi '' and `` wessi '' divide was and is still real . 
  the country was split for 50 years and run by governments that could have barely been more different . 
  there was no democracy in east germany , importantly there was no * b\u00fcrgerschicht * due to communist ideology and so on . 
  the language and religion fetish in these discussions irks me . 
  capitalism and communism divided the world in more obscure and almost comical ways than any language or religion ever has . 
  not exactly the best thing to take pride in though, 
  his comment was sarcastic, 
  the way it looks lets hope that the russians hate tennis ... 
  we are n't going to have our policy-making decided for us by arsonists . 
  they can set as much houses on fire as they want , they wo n't dictate politics . 
  i hope these assholes are caught and get locked up for a long time . 
  times in europe are n't good , just in case you have forgotten this currency union involves roughly twenty countries . 
  if we wanted to make fiscal policies only for germany we should n't have created a common currency . 
  6 day old account , posting history full of right-wing shit . 
  checks out . 
  why do you guys never use your main accounts , embarrassed of your own opinion ? 
  yep used the english wikipedia a lot during my math undergrad , i do n't know what people 's problem with wikipedia is . 
  it 's really useful to get into a topic . 
  no , that is one of the tropes that people keep repeating , the proof that 1 +1 is two follows pretty directly from the peano axioms ( which define the properties of natural numbers , and lays the groundwork for all mathematical operations ) and the proof takes a few paragraphs . 
  the 300 + pages story comes from the book * principia mathematica * , which is n't just a book about proving that 1 +1 = 2 , but a book about set theory and other stuff , it just happens to be the case that the proof occurs somewhere on page ~ 370 . 
  adherents of this kind of philosophy usually think that their respective national culture consists of forming a mob and beating somebody up while consuming the cheapest beer they could find at the local store . 
   so who gets to join our solidarity ? 
  every human who manages to make it here has the constitutional right to apply for asylum and it will then be decided if that claim is justified or not , that 's how the system works . 
  because our union is founded on the principle of solidarity . 
  because they 're poor and come from war-torn countries , not because they 're brown or muslim ( spoiler alert , islam does n't exactly condone theft or petty crime ) the first two things we can do something about . 
  it 's a class issue not a race issue , like it has always been and that 's why newspapers are not going to tell you every perpetrators ethnicity if it is n't relevant to the crime at hand . 
  first we ought to figure out what the reason for that statistical observation is . 
  when it comes to crime one thing to keep in mind is that blue - collar criminals are easier too catch than white collar criminals . 
  you are rather going to catch the street dealer than the money launderer . 
  now it often happens to be the case that blue collar crime is often committed by the impoverished and usually some minorities are over-represented among that class , especially those coming from a background of abuse like the chinese or african-american populations in the us . 
  so it 's not for some intrinsic reason that a group is over-represented , but simply because the justice system happens to capture street criminals more often than white-collar criminals . 
  it also says very little about which of these two groups poses a bigger threat to society . 
  this is a very straight forward example about how someone can lie with facts without giving context . 
  there are muslims committing terrorist acts , just like there are christians killing a hundred thousand people and creating child soldiers on the african continent in the name of christ , just as there are buddhist nationalists in myanmar oppressing hundreds of thousands of muslims . 
  you are not being brainwashed by the media , you are just biased and unwilling to accept simple facts , combined with a worldview that tends to end at the borders of the european continent i can see how it produces the kind of mindset you are advocating here . 
  i like how you keep moving the goalpost in every single one of your posts . 
  it 's hilarious really , you 're learning a lot of new stuff today , so at least there 's that . 
  a few months ago in chapel hill , north carolina a self proclaimed militant atheist murdered three muslims . 
  in africa the lord 's resistance army has killed over 100.000 people and displaced over 400k with the goal of establishing a theocratic state under rule of the ten commandments , so i figure in uganda this happens rather frequently . 
  i 'd be happy if you 'd stop accusing people of being in denial because you are ignorant about the state of non-islamic terrorism in this world . 
  have you seen the comments in this thread ? 
  the post `` this is * retarted * '' is upvoted 16 times . 
  facts can be used to distort perspective if selectively chosen yes , that is how propaganda works generally . 
  this is why it is common practice in journalism to not report on ethnicity , family background or similar stuff if it is not relevant to the crime . 
  they do n't want to do it because the average joe ca n't conceptualize that a handful of incidents are not reason to generalize millions of people . 
  facts can be used to distort judgement . 
  yes that is true , this is why people should stop talking about ` cultural assimilation ' . 
  it 's education and your family background . 
  also actually quite a lot of syrian refugees have a reasonable education . 
  also i do n't have a problem with people coming here to do blue collar work , we are in dire need of people willing to learn crafts , which in germany still is considered to be a very reasonable thing to do . 
  or the japenese here in d\u00fcsseldorf , one of the biggest japanese communities outside of japan . 
  they have their own schools , their own supermarkets , everything in japanese of course . 
  i absolutely do n't have a problem with it but i 'd be happy if people would stop acting like the level of assimilation has anything to do with how successful immigrants can be here . 
  you should look what fractional reserve banking means , yes most of our money comes literally out of nothing . 
  actually most people here respect manual labour but do n't respect prostitution . 
  they do n't want you to be a street sweeper because you wo n't make a lot of money that way . 
  they still would n't want you to be a prostitute even if you made a lot of money . 
  in the case of blue collar work its the living conditions that are the problem , not the work itself . 
  the moral disagreement on prostitution is n't that big . 
  ask any father or mother if they want their daughter to be a prostitute , or ask most women what they think about the morality of prostitution and you 'll get a pretty clear answer , not to speak of male prostitution which is n't even talked about . 
  we have outlawed things in our societies that are * way more * controversial and morally ambiguous than prostitution . 
  the argument that is most dominant is the `` liberalization reduces crime '' one , and that is factually wrong , at least in the case of germany which makes for a pretty big case study . 
  `` selling your body '' is very appropriate . 
  sex is something intimate that usually requires trust , there 's a reason most people do n't screw everybody they only know for five minutes . 
  letting somebody so close to you for the equivalent of a few hours of minimum wage work is degrading one of the most essential human experiences . 
  it 's actually a pretty sad affair that it has become the norm in today 's society that pretty much everything is up for sale , including privacy and intimacy . 
   exactly as fight club did with themes like masculinity , anti-feminism and fascism . 
  that 's why people liked the film ( it appeals to our subconscious and primal feelings ) but the actual message at the end contradicted that . 
  the problem is that no one actually gets that and i 'd argue the movie more so than the book actually does n't want to be understood in that way . 
  [ roger ebert ] ( http://www.rogerebert.com/reviews/fight-club-1999 ) categorized it as ` macho-porn ' and that 's how most people really seem to view the movie . 
  it 's kind of like the murica and pcmaterrace subreddits who claim to make fun of their ideas but at some point actually turned serious while still pretending that they 're not . 
   that is your own subjective opinion , it 's ok for people to have sex for free , but it 's not ok for them to sell sex ? 
  that 's like saying it 's ok to cook food at home , for free , for your family , but cooking for others , in a restaurant , for money is not ? 
  no , it 's like saying it 's okay to give a kidney to someone in need but it 's not okay to sell your kidneys . 
  as soon as money gets involved things turn from voluntary acts into coercive exchanges very quickly . 
  commodifying things can completely change their character . 
   also , not every prostitute does it because of poverty , there are many who come from middle class backgrounds and charge hundreds of euros per hour . 
  no , there are not * many * of those people . 
  the overwhelming majority of is brothel and street prostitution . 
  the range of customers who can pay several hundreds or thousands of dollars/euros per night is extremely small . 
   would you clean shit from public toilets for a week ? 
  i know i would n't , that should n't make it illegal though . 
  cleaning stuff is necessary and admirable work . 
  this comparison does n't make any sense . 
  moral concerns are very real , too . 
  there 's nothing wrong with a society having moral values and enforcing them . 
  if we would n't do that we can as well get rid of every law altogether . 
  and we really need to ask ourselves if we as a society want to allow our ( mostly impoverished ) citizens to sell their bodies for money . 
  i think it 's humiliating and violates human dignity . 
  every time someone tells me that it 's just normal work and it 's personal liberty and so on i ask them to do it for a week and tell me their experiences , nobody has taken me up on my offer yet . 
  do you know whats even worse ? 
  people reducing complicated matters to ` common sense ' . 
  no business in which the commodity being traded is the human body is ever a matter of ` common sense ' . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/human-trafficking-persists-despite-legality-of-prostitution-in-germany-a-902533.html if you have the time , the spiegel did a lengthy piece on what the results are of liberalization of prostitution in germany , and things are n't looking so great . 
  prostitution has created a huge grey market that has effectively turned the country into one of the most popular hubs for human trafficking . 
  there is no international monopoly on force so the whole concept of `` whataboutism '' is a farce . 
  international relations are determined by action and reaction , not by some universal code of conduct . 
  if one country lowers the bar , it lowers the bar for everybody . 
  unilateral action taken by the us is not irrelevant as it sets precedent for other countries to act in similar fashion and to ignore established norms . 
  think of international relations as a town without a sheriff .
