  not for ideological reasons though i suppose , he just seems to care about money . 
   for how long then ? 
  how much longer must this dutiful self-flagellation continue ? 
  it 's not self-flagellation , it 's historical awareness . 
  the fact that our political landscape is not completely poisoned by populists stems exactly from that . 
  it 's part of our history . 
  looking at germany without remembering our past just ca n't and should n't be done . 
   however , it should not be forgotten that russia was not just a victim , but also a co-conspirator in the war , it being responsible for millions on its own end . 
  absolutely no one forgets this . 
  this is why merkel denied participating in the parade ( which she was invited to ) and decided to visit the tomb of the unknown soldier . 
  the russians will completely lose it, 
  that it 's sad that he got killed , but that there is no reason to glorify people who try to divide societies and spread hate through ` free speech ' . 
  the term is increasingly being hijacked by people who are racist jackasses to further their agenda , we should maybe keep in mind that radical egalitarian movements can very easily devolve into mob like behaviour as well . 
  one life is one life . 
  no matter if they were poorly equipped , that does n't change about the value of any soldier 's life , if anything it makes it more admirable . 
  the us lost more people in their civil war than in all other foreign wars they participated in combined . 
  russia lost 20 fucking million people . 
  there is absolutely no discussion needed about who had to give the bigger sacrifice here . 
  the eastern theatre completely dwarfs anything that happened on the western front , both in numbers and brutality . 
  there 's an up and downside to it . 
  fptp puts strong emphasis on regional representation . 
  if ukip gets 13 % of the votes but only one seats that basically means that they 've no regional success at all . 
  there 's some logic to it . 
  why should a party get so many seats if only a minority of people in every district supports them ? 
  after all nobody lives in the abstract ` uk ' , but in a specific region . 
  putin is an autocrat , people like dugin are fascists . 
  the hyperbole is just silly and misplaced . 
  they lost 20 million people , they 've got the right to celebrate a victory day . 
  you do n't need to conflate every issue of the last seventy years . 
  there 's a time and place to discuss everything . 
  but using russia 's current behaviour to smear mud on an event ( the defeat of fascism ) that is very much * the * constitutive element of russia as a modern nation is just silly . 
  ( and just a reaction to contemporary events and has * exactly nothing to do with history * , as russia has celebrated the event every single year for seven decades ), 
  no , criticism is perfectly fine , discrimination is not . 
  you can criticize religion , or whatever ideology and debate it all day long . 
  what you ca n't do is spread hate ( no matter if against an `` ideology '' , a group of people , or a single individual ) , and that is what the law in almost all european countries reflects . 
  applies to ideology just the same . 
  `` i only hate islam , i do n't hate muslims '' . . ? 
  for every ( serious ) muslim the religion is an important part of his or her personality , or every christian for that matter . 
  it also applies to socialism . 
  `` i hate socialism , but i do n't hate socialists ? '', 
  it just does n't work . 
  if i dislike an ideology i have to dislike the person living this ideology . 
  because why would i not dislike somebody who puts what i hate into practice . 
  it 's a silly slogan perpetuated by hate groups to keep an appearance of tolerance up . 
  oh yes the good old `` i do n't hate you , i only hate your gayness '' . 
  spoiler alert , the distinction does n't make any sense . 
  people * are * the sum of their beliefs and during all of our history , they have been treated as such . 
  do n't give me these silly apologetics . 
  i think this is closely linked to socio-economic disparity . 
  do something against poverty and improve education . 
  reduce workload . 
  people who work all day ca n't cook for their children . 
  living a healthy life requires time , money and some energy which people who are already working their asses off just to stay afloat do n't have . 
  that unhealthy habits like smoking or obesity affect lower classes disproportionality is a well established fact . 
  the countries that seem to suffer least from obesity are also the countries that seem to support work & life balance , namely france , the benelux states and scandinavia . 
  yeah sure , but usually as a reflection of the current economic situation . 
  when the british economy is doing poorly , the demand for # will go down , so the currency will get cheaper which then may boost the economy value goes up etc. . 
  i should maybe have specified that i 'm talking specifically about devaluation as a strategy to increase competitiveness . 
  well yes the qe program surely devaluates the currency and i 'm not a fan as i do n't see it as a long term solution to europe 's problems , especially given the political and institutional stagnation . 
  if there would be political change i 'd say okay , it makes sense as a temporal boost but monetary policies have been the sole weapon for almost any struggling country and it has increasingly gotten less effective as everybody decided to join in . 
  it 's ideal in the sense that if you assume that everybody would follow devaluation policies , you 'd end up in a currency war with everybody else with bad effects for everybody . 
  a devaluated exchange rate is only a good counter cyclical policy from the * point of the view of the county that implements it * . 
  you 're essentially reducing your unemployment by pushing unemployment abroad . 
   is the eu erecting a barrier against us imports ? 
  the eu is at the moment trying to remove trade barriers with the us , as try most countries all the time , with general positive effects for everybody involved as long as environmental and labour standards are kept in mind of course . 
  that consumption is low is true , but the statements about productivity and the wage level are wrong/misleading . 
  germany currently ranks 8th in labour cost in europe and is not the most productive country by quite some margin . 
  also wages in the export sector , especially industries are very high and price elasticity of german products is low anyway . 
   in what way is currency nothing else than a protectionist tool ? 
  i do n't understand what you mean by that . 
  well if you introduce a weaker currency in your country you 're basically erecting a barrier . 
  you 're simply reducing your population 's purchasing power of foreign goods to shut foreign competition out . 
  the problem is that you 're taking all the incentive for your own companies and institutions away to improve . 
  it will not solve any of the structural and political problems southern european countries face . 
  as you 're saying it 's a zero sum game as all the other countries are buying german products at lower than ` natural ' prices , which increases their standard of living because i assume they want the stuff they buy . 
  a currency is nothing else than a protectionist tool . 
  `` you do n't want to buy your own stuff because it 's either of worse quality or too expensive , so we 'll give you a weaker currency so you 're forced to '' . 
  it will do exactly nothing to improve the economic situation , it will simply take the competition away . 
   so / r/europe became far more left wing that it was . 
  this has to be a joke . 
  a few years ago the tone here was fairly liberal . 
  if i 'd have to characterize the average user here 3-4 years ago i 'd say ~ 30ish social democrat/green voter , some conservative opinions too , but everything was fairly civil . 
  today it seems to be mostly young adults with some kind of eurosceptic , nationalist agenda . 
  this sub has very strongly moved to the right and towards populism . 
  that 's true for all of the western world , but the western world is n't a monolithic bloc . 
  especially in the context of european policy making the different economic and legal traditions are still very dominant . 
  uh ... it refers to the cultural heritage of the nations which is definitely not made up lol . 
  common law , laissez-faire economics , classical liberalism in contrast to civil law and the more social democratic/socialist models of continental europe and scandinavia . 
  everything this guy said is spot on . 
  the soviet union pretty much went from an agrarian society to a fully industrialized country over the course of the first three five-year plans , and the ussr produced about 15 % of the world 's gdp by 1970 . 
  i understand the animosity towards russia given the current political climate but please do n't vote down people for saying factually correct stuff . 
  i do n't have a poll at hand but i think so , yes . 
  the general opinion seems to be that it would n't actually do much besides playing into russia 's narrative . 
  further nato expansion is pretty unpopular here , both on the political and the civil level . 
  because politicians of the respective countries have repeatedly said that further nato expansion is currently not on the table . 
  both countries ( and some others ) have been very reluctant when it comes to nato expansion in the past and as far as i 'm aware the consensus opinion right now still seems to be that there is no need for nato expansion as sweden 's security is n't genuinely threatened . 
  by getting sweden into nato you 'd also just play into russia 's narrative . 
  russia wants its citizens to believe that the nato is encroaching on their borders . 
  why support russia 's point of view ? 
  let them flex their muscles .
