  national socialism , the worst kind of socialism, 
  or we could simply not lose our minds because the afd is at 10 % + -3 . 
  there is no significant erosion in the political center , it 's more of a hick up . 
  we had the same thing in the early 90 's . 
  i know that these kinds of articles generate a lot of clicks but it 's really trashy journalism . 
   i do n't support policies which artificially put more women in senior positions . 
  i think the market creates the best ratio over time since any sexist or racist organization that avoids women in top positions , that deserve it , will suffer and be out competed by the organization that does hire the women that should have gotten those jobs . 
  well whether the free market is best at getting the people that are most qualified into their respective job is surely debatable in itself , but if we assume that it is true i think it is very easy to see that the free-market is n't really at work when it comes to many businesses . 
  small and middle sized businesses which make up the lion 's share of most economies in europe are heavily family owned and dominated . 
  that 's true especially for the bigger countries like germany for example . 
  many businesses are decades old or even older , have been inherited down the family lines and that 's how most of senior positions look . 
  it 's people with connections getting people up the ladder , and given that business even in modern history was male dominated and that men like to hire men we end up in the situation that we are in . 
  this is a phenomenon that we ought to do something against proactively . 
  i do n't see why it is bad to use policies that tear down barriers . 
  when we 've done that i think we can talk about the free market . 
   how is it irrelevant ? 
  you realize that is what this whole discussion is about right ? 
   [ ... ]  again , kind of a stupid question since it would be essentially impossible to test something like that reliablely . 
  well that 's why i said that it is irrelevant lol . 
  what really matters from a social and policy maker pov is `` will getting more women into senior business positions have a positive outcome for businesses and the economy and for the women involved ? '' . 
  and the answer to that question is yes , or at least that is what research is unanimously pointing to . 
  framing the discussion in any other way really does n't make a lot of sense . 
  if we in thirty years have reached higher levels of equality in the workplace and it turns out that the marginal benefit of diversity is smaller we can re-evaluate our policies . 
  i do n't see any speculative discussion about inherent differences as anything else than a knee-jerk reaction to women advancing their rights in the workplace . 
  well whether men and women are ` inherently ' better at business is also irrelevant . 
  we do n't live in a vacuum . 
  in the current context of senior business positions still being very homogeneous increasing gender and ethnic diversity measurably improves performance . 
  that 's really all that matters from an economic standpoint . 
  what does it even mean to be ` inherently ' better at business ? 
  a business is an organism of countless individuals , institutions etc. . . , so you 'll always have to look at the environment, 
  more working instead of constant bitching about everything, 
  it actually has a significant positive effect . 
  in terms of inequality not really , [ japan actually has the lowest wealth inequality on the planet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_distribution_of_wealth ) , but they do have the same age problem , so that would be another country that does n't really fit into the picture . 
  it really is a question of politics , not of demographics . 
  he wilders and trump kind of look the same . 
  is there some rotten family that keeps spawning these people, 
  given that this effect is not very strong in germany , monaco aside the ` oldest ' nation on the planet , and canada and australia which also have a fairly old demographic and very pronounced in the us ( which has a considerably younger demographic , almost 10 years younger than germany on average ) i do n't buy this theory at all , at least not for the developed world . 
  it 's a question of social and political institutions . 
  if you run a british or american laissez-faire economy without redistribution you 're going to run into inequality no matter if the society is especially young or old . 
  societies with social democratic traditions , stable economic development and will to keep the balance intact can mitigate the effect of an aging population . 
  the point is very simple , it is to let everybody decide how much of their privacy they want to give up , and that is in fact what germany did , they did n't ban google streetview but people simply have the right to have their house/property being blurred out . 
  if that is too much hassle for street view to continue doing business in germany then that 's how it is . 
  people should not be required to defend their own house from people looking into it with frosted glass . 
  it is your property after all for which you presumably payed a lot of money and to precisely enjoy the privacy that it guarantees you . 
  if google wants to use my house for their product they should be required to get my consent . 
  it 's not the individual who has to justify in front of a private companies why their rights are legitimate , it works the other way around . 
  i did n't say that it is an orwellian nightmare , it does n't need to be to have objections against it . 
  google street view in many countries takes photos from considerable higher pov . 
  about 3m in most countries . 
  this actually makes most fences , walls and so on useless . 
  there was a huge debate in japan about this a few years ago as well . 
  and again , the hypothetical truck driver is n't sharing his pictures of my house with the whole world and makes money off of it . 
  he 's just one guy . 
  if ten thousand people would be staring at my house everyday i 'd have objections as well . 
  the guy walking by my house does not store the information he sees and he does not use it for commercial activities . 
  doing that in germany is actually illegal without consent . 
  i did n't say that it is elaborate spy equipment . 
  also the problem is n't seeing it . 
  it 's putting it on the internet for * everybody * to see . 
  do n't be intentionally obtuse . 
  on many google street view photos you can literally see into people 's houses , you can look over walls , into people 's backyards etc. 
  which is an intrusion into private space that should n't happen . 
  not to mention that google , offering a commercial service , is making profit of people 's property without sharing even a cent of the revenue and we do n't know what google does with the information . 
  if we were to provide the street view service we should do this in a non-commercial open , environment . 
  well no obviously not everything is private , but i can understand why people do n't want footage of their private property to be on the internet accessible to everybody , and the power here should reside with the individual . 
  giving up your privacy should always be optional . 
  if people want to put their house on the internet , all the power to them . 
  but the people who prefer not to should have that choice . 
  i do n't understand why this requires street view ? 
  i 'm happy that this is n't available here . 
  the public space is n't a zoo . 
  that 's obviously a hyperbolic comment , but at least as far as polls are concerned [ it is true that the british have a somewhat positive relationship to the empire ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2014/07/26/britain-proud-its-empire/ ) and that 's also my , admittedly sparse , first hand experience with brits . 
  the few times i 've visited friends in the uk and history came up i 've never heard somebody refer to the colonies in a strongly negative way . 
  sure it was achieved decades ago , and now it would be an equally noble goal to achieve it on the european continent as a whole . 
  the troubles are considered to be a ` low intensity war ' and they certainly were exactly that given the 4000 dead and 50k wounded . 
  yes , by a long time i mean in the context of modern europe , which was what we were talking about . 
  i am also not making this up . 
  it 's a very good reason . 
  balkanization can have disastrous effects on the stability of any region . 
  yugoslavia is another sad example . 
  the german empire came into creation 1871 . 
  germans as a political and cultural entity reach back ' a little ' longer . 
  the french-hapsburg conflict and the thirty year war was a fight between germans and french for dominance on the continent already , the modern hre and the german confederation were direct predecessors of the empire . 
  the bigger problem would probably be the eastern part of the union . 
  what if the eu falls apart over the next twenty or thirty years and russia sees this as an invitation to intensify their aggression ? 
  nobody would have predicted ukraine being torn apart five years ago . 
  what if we 're looking at the same scenario in twenty years right on our borders ? 
  the unity that has kept france and germany together is just as important for the eastern european nations today . 
  `` 21st century '' is a time , not an answer to the question . 
  you could just as well have said `` four o'clock '' . 
  you also are aware that ireland literally was in a civil war just a few decades ago , which was pretty much the most brutal thing fought on the european continent in a long time , which is * precisely * why many british fear separation of the union ? 
  it 's literally the worst example you could have come up with, 
  and what are you basing this on ? 
  the period from the inception of the eu to this day is pretty much the only time in hundreds of years that germany and france are living in peace and prosperity . 
  odd coincidence , is n't it ? 
  given that the eu and its cradle , the coal and steel union between france and germany was created for * specifically that reason * , that is to make war between the two countries forever impossible by interlocking them and their economies and cultures juncker is completely on point . 
  uhm ideology is the stuff your brain swims in . 
  there is no such state as being ` outside of ideology ' and that post is really stupid . 
  there are also countless of secular ideologies i also do n't understand why you think that rationality and ideology are somehow mutually exclusive , you need to learn what those words mean, 
   your redemption lies in defending rhe continent that gave you birth .
