  extremists only make up a very small part of the population . 
  sure they get the most screen-time but politics in germany is still centered around compromise and moderation . 
  racist thought in germany , although always a problem is not as widespread as in many other european countries which i consider an achievement after only a few generations . 
  take on the other hand mainstream american political candidates who are convinced that climate change is a chinese plot and that a snowball disproves climate change and that all mexicans are rapists . 
  is that an achievement of civil society ? 
  the naive conception that free-speech will always produce truth can only be believed if you live in middle-earth . 
  if your citizens happen to buy into the demagoguery you have a big problem . 
  it 's not more or less objective than any other law agreed on by a society , that 's why laws are being debated all the time . 
  the drinking and driving limit is n't set in stone either , it 's the product of weighing positives and negatives and deciding that having them is a good idea . 
  and sure there are reasons to limit free speech . 
  i already named a few . 
  hate speech is a threat to social cohesion , it poisons discourse and it 's incompatible with our concept of human dignity . 
  your post actually contains only assertions , no real argument . 
  there is no such thing as a free debate , you saying so wo n't make it true . 
  it 's just noise . 
  to have a discussion as a society you need a common core and pre-established rules or you 'll get nowhere . 
  anti-free speech legislation as in censoring hate-speech has absolutely nothing to do with fascism . 
  european democracy is build on institutions and civil discourse and not `` i do and say whatever the heck i want '' . 
  there is no such thing as a ` free ' debate . 
  debates are characterized by the fact that hey have rules . 
  the people demanding ` free debate ' today are more often than not people who want to spew unconstitutional nonsense and hate under the disguise of their personal liberties . 
  the threat to the eu is not a lack of debate , it 's the threat of nationalist , and * v\u00f6lkisch * ideas leaking into mainstream conservative society and erosion of the civil class . 
  they 've always plagued this continent post-war but they were always isolated . 
  over the last one or two decades the lines have increasingly began to blur . 
  they do not have legal papers because the border nations of the european union do not stop them and register them . 
  they do n't register them because then , according to the ridiculous dublin rules , they would be forced to accommodate them , which they ca n't because the numbers are too high . 
  that is why many people have been arguing for refugee quotas instead of the ` first safe country ' rule , because it actually is a solution to make the whole system work . 
  http://aqicn.org/faq/2015-05-16/world-health-organization-2014-air-pollution-ranking/ air quality in poland is even worse than it is in the us . 
  all the number was supposed to show is that air pollution is a significant health threat * right now * already . 
  what source of energy you use is n't set in stone . 
  poland can switch to green energy as well . 
  air pollution causes over [ 200k early deaths ] ( http://lae.mit.edu/air-pollution-causes-200000-early-deaths-each-year-in-the-u-s/ ) in the us every year . 
  just because something does n't blow up in michael bay fashion does n't mean it is n't a danger to public health . 
  not combating air pollution is a bigger threat to your personal health than muslims , criminals , terrorists , liberalism and russia combined . 
  well to the front brave soul !, 
  what 's holding you up ? 
  i doubt that `` russia is going down too '' is a viable long-term policy goal , it does n't exactly put food on the table, 
  not all tech startups in the the us are startups as in `` startup culture '' , which is a thing that 's mainly been around for no more than maybe ten or fifteen years . 
  companies like microsoft were built up over years . 
  they start with an idea , build a product sell some stuff , grow , get some more investors and so on and after years or decades you have very successful companies . 
  that 's not how modern startup culture works , which largely draws venture capital , scales insanely over a year or two , gets sold off to some guy and then it maybe dies a few years later or sometimes it turns into a big company anyway . 
  also the actual effect of innovation on society can be zilch while the whole value of such a company derives from something as simple as ad potential . 
  these are two very different business models . 
  the former is how most lasting , innovative , important american businesses came to be . 
  the second one is something that could as well turn out to be much higher valued than it actually is . 
  gdp forecast for this year -15 % , inflation at 50 % annually . 
  . . did they limit dependency on russia by eliminating the economy ? 
  well there 's a pretty strong historical tie between economical development and democratic development . 
  a simple historical example would be an rise in literacy rates in the peasant ukraine population at the end of the 19th century which was a key factor for establishing a national identity in the first place and opposing authoritarian tsarist rule . 
  a peasant ca n't be politicized . 
  and that concept of demanding representation generally grows as people gain more economical freedom and simply have more time on their hands . 
  sure you can make the case that in 21st century consumer cultures it 's reversing again , but that 's not the position china is in yet . 
  because traditionally marriage was a form of social security and a means to reproduce and secure your heritage . 
  the hollywood soulmate thing is a modern re-invention and an ideological battleground . 
  it 's also intellectually inconsistent . 
  if marriage is not allowed to discriminate against gays and the sole requirement is 'em otional companionship ' , on what ground are we discriminating against poly-amorous marriage ? 
  it 's italy, 
  the point being that your local government can still pass unambiguous net neutrality legislation , the downside to this eu legislation is that they * might * not , but in the end the decision lies with your national parliament . 
  given the huge public backlash it is very , very unlikely that countries that have already strong net neutrality practices in place like finland and the netherlands would weaken their existing legislation . 
  actual fines even against clear cut eu legislation practically never happen anyway , just take a look at household budget violations . 
  net neutrality legislation will be drafted by national governments now . 
  the eu ruling is pretty bad but it 's only a guideline , so what comes out of it will depend on what your respective local government decides to do with it . 
  obviously it would have been preferable if the eu had given less leeway . 
  ... implying that the ability to earnestly speak against their crimes earnestly would actually do anything besides making us feel good . 
  you 're better off trying to lift many chinese out of poverty which is a better accelerator of civil rights than having some human rights commissioner telling them that they 're the bad guys, 
  we already have a modern economy . 
  silicon valley like startup culture is always being discussed in an insanely gullible fashion on reddit . 
  it does n't only have upsides . 
  the turnover rate is high , data protection is an issue , the failure rate is high individually and collectively ( dotcom anybody ? ) . 
  gentrification is an issue because social disparity between the tech sector / rest of the economy is huge . 
  ( big issue in california , the booming tech sector is driving living costs through the roof ) and so on . 
  not everybody needs to run an economy in this fashion . 
  europe already has a very modern economy . 
  your flair says that you hail from bavaria so i 'm really confused as that happens to be a very innovative region in europe . 
  it 's just the case that we 're very good at building modern cars , modern energy technology and fancy machines instead of smartphones or web-apps . 
  that 's not a problem in itself , it 's a different choice more in line with our cultural preferences . 
  people in germany love paying with cash , they 're reluctant to use a different app or social media service for everything and they generally prefer long-term employment over job-hopping . 
  that 's a preference , not a disadvantage . 
  gdp price adjusted , which is more relevant for comparing living standards . 
  after all most polish people shop in poland and not in portugal . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_in_europe_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita, 
  poland has just overtaken portugal in terms of gdp/capita and is roughly on the same level as the baltics or slovakia with low national debt . 
  the country is n't poor at all . 
  regarding the victim statement i was n't referring to history . 
  obviously poland is a historical victim on the continent , but it 's not anymore in 2015 . 
  the constant anti-european/anti-german talk is tiresome . 
  no i 'm not going to blame german leaders for what the polish people do . 
  it 's childish behaviour . 
  the quota system is a proposal to to distribute refugees fairly according to every country 's capabilities , making gas deals with russia is a reality given our dependency on natural resources . 
  stop playing the victim card all the time , poland is responsible for what it does . 
  the country has developed very well over the last ten years , it has grown faster than almost any other european country under a centrist government . 
  if you want to throw that away because of ` muh sovereignty ' and xenophobia go ahead but do n't blame other nations . 
  ( another thing that you 'd have in common with russia ) . 
  let 's hope that the refugees do n't discover ladder technology !, 
  given the election results it does n't seem like an unfair assessment at all . 
  anti-foreign sentiment , fear of liberalism in general , euroscepticism , law and order policies underpinned with religious tones , marginalization of minorities and populist nationalism . 
  sounds pretty much like contemporary russia . 
  also somewhat fixated on the personality of the president , demanding changes so that the president may pass laws by decree and economically in favour of state interventionism . 
  does n't ring a bell ? 
  can you please give me a source on said debunking , especially regarding the client or server side threats ?
