  the uk as a member of the european union also profits from trade liberalization that countries outside the eu do not enjoy . 
  ( just as norway does ) the economic union does n't end at the eurozone borders . 
  being part of the single market has made the uk one of europe 's most attractive locations for fdi 's from the eu . 
  ( might even be leader in that regard , not sure ), 
  no one . 
  a haircut does not require any additional payment . 
   but is n't it obvius that they need to reduce public spending and increase their tax revenues ? 
  no , because it 's going to fuel deflation . 
  also regarding sweden , you missed the part where the swedish economy did not grow for nearly 15 years after you implemented austerity policies . 
  you are very right , that is what german policy makers think . 
  it is nonetheless stupid . 
  competitiveness is a nicer phrase for exporting unemployment , as other countries will by definition get less competitive in the process . 
  it 's a beggar-thy-neighbor policy . 
  in pretty much all bicameral democracies the states are not represented proportionally in the upper house but instead get a fixed number of representatives , so that small states do n't get bullied around . 
  when liquidity enters the economy , * long term * wages will increase as the money circulates in the economy . 
  inflation will not hurt the average german , it will only hurt people who have lots of cash , which also makes inflation an effective tool for redistribution which in my eyes is a positive side-effect . 
  i do n't think investors are going to be upset about a 2 % inflation target , nearly all developed currency zones aim for low but sustained inflation , for very good reasons . 
  i think failed states and a broken up union will give creditors a bigger headache . 
  i think my government is doing ridiculously dumb shit , do n't judge me : (, 
   i strongly doubt merkel will let a grexit happen . 
  europe is very important to her . 
  kohl always was her role model . 
  her emotion module was disabled with the latest kernel update . 
  which would be good because we have n't hit the inflation target of 2 % for years . 
  their country only did nearly go bankrupt because some politicians decided to block the budget . 
  they did n't have any good reason for doing so besides causing political tremor . 
  this would produce the same result in any country , no matter how high your debt is . 
  without an approved budget no country can function , so this is n't an economical problem at all but simply says something about the situation of the american congress . 
  haircuts are the opposite of new debt , it means erasing existing debt . 
  and no , public spending has a very good track record , you need to stop thinking of state budgets as you would do of your private household budget . 
  the us is running a budget deficit for decades and result is what ? 
  that the us is the biggest , most solid world economy with a triple a creditor rating . 
  you can have a bazillion dollars or euros in debt , as long as you can serve the credit , which is done through economic growth and inflation , it does n't matter . 
  states do n't need to pay their debt off . 
   i do n't see a good option for greece , only bad and worse options . 
  hence the rational choice would be the bad over the worse . 
  there are very good solutions . 
  a haircut and debt restructuring so that greece can use its primary surplus to invest into their domestic economy , qe to get a 2 % inflation target in the eurozone , policies in germany to reduce the trade surplus which is destabilizing the eurozone ( and violating several treaties ) . 
  for example raising the minimum wage further , getting public investment to oecd average etc. . . focus on domestic greece policies like property taxes instead of vats which hurts consumption and thus will hurt the economy ( japan is a prime example of how not to do it ) . 
  stop demanding horizontal pension cuts or military budget reduction , because again it will increase deflationary pressure and should only be done when greece is out of recession . 
  there you have it . 
  the problem is not that the solutions do n't exist , the problem is that no one is willing to implement them because it would mean that we 'd have to acknowledge that our almighty austerity gods have failed us, 
   unless you have hard cash , `` ending austerity '' is as good as voting for a free bmw . 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things, 
  since merkel and sch\u00e4uble have decided to go full willhelm ii their popularity is roaring . 
  do you understand that any amount of bailouts is futile as long as they 're connected to austerity obligations that will sent greece further down the deflationary maelstrom ? 
  do you expect any rational actor to accept a deal that , * in the best case * , will leave them in a worse situation than they are now ? 
  i do n't hold any anti-american sentiments just because i am criticizing a particular ideology that has originated in the us and has been distributed in a more specific form over the internet . 
  i do n't know why you 're so upset but the point of my post was n't actually to attack the us , but to point out that the idea that feminism somehow has ruined the pirate party is pretty silly . 
  i was solely drawing the connection to emphasize that the views that are so popular here on reddit do n't even have a sizable amount of followers in the us , so you definitely ca n't expect to run such a platform in germany . 
  come on , most feminists who joined the party were female . 
  i ca n't remember a single outspoken male feminist in the party . 
  he literally posted a picture of marina weisband titled `` she brought destruction '' . 
  that 's not very ambiguous and pretty much means . 
  `` if we 'd just sticked with the nerds and would n't have brought all of that rl stuff in we would 've been fine . '', 
  that 's just deluded . 
   here 's to a job well done , wolfgang !, 
  not to mention the personal attacks thrown at greek politicians from a guy who had to step back from his political positions a decade ago because he was involved in a 100k bribe from an armsdealer . 
  talk about corruption . 
   germans acceptance if limited free speech when it comes to unpopular opinions was always something allot of people could n't understand not unpopular opinions , but historical revisionism , defamation , or incitement of hatred , big difference . 
  i also did n't judge the effects of radical drug liberalization , but it definitely is a libertarian position . 
  i did n't mean to use ` neckbeard ' as an insult , i just used it for the lack of a better term for the , in my eyes , silly positions that the party held and which are also very prevalent on reddit and other social media platforms . 
  it was endorsed by the `` techy part '' of the pirate party , and he endorsed that group , so i figured he shared their views . 
  one of their goals was a radical democratization of the political system , with a good chunk of people advocating to dismantle most political institutions . 
  that 's a very libertarian thing to say . 
  the radical version of free-speech that includes hate speech or ellen pao hitler images also is n't considered a civil liberty here . 
  radical drug legalization and nearly complete removal of the copyright system are also things that would fit under that umbrella . 
  also if you 're really convinced that :  then , the young feminists joined . 
  and - my own opinion as an old geezer - destroyed the nerdy party in about two years . 
  women were the party 's downfall i really think you deserve the neckbeard badge . 
  marina weisband was probably who got them half their votes in the first place, 
  no , that 's again not what i said , and if you 're going to keep throwing shitty one liners at me we can as well call it a day . 
  the groups in question have gone from living in relatively homogeneous societies where they called the shots to societies in which women , immigrants , secular people and homosexuals now participate . 
  that has made some of them upset , and they now want to go back to how it once was . 
  this is especially true for people who are very poor or old or in other ways ` low performers ' , and that 's why they 're very easily manipulated by politicians who lure them with false nostalgia and give them the illusion that they can take it out on the people they do n't like . 
  because they feel left behind , are unsure about their own identity and try to find someone who is responsible for that . 
  and as humans tend to generally do they to blame people who are different instead of blaming themselves . 
  yes , i added the word disenfranchised to emphasize that these groups of people tend to be upset , how does this change anything about what i said ? 
  you did n't quote me correctly, 
   so only one major party ( fn ) is actually receiving russian money ? 
  could you provide a source on jobbik ? 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/05/04/us-hungary-jewish-congress-idusbre94306t20130504  what is the reason you brought them up in the first place ? 
  because , as i said the voter demographic is a pretty good way to determine what a party actually stands for . 
  and if your party largely consists of a disenfranchised working class youth , the poor and the elderly , chances are that the party is pursuing nationalist policies . 
  ( which was what you asked me in the first place , why i claimed that they are national socialists ) . 
  refugees and immigrants are two separate issues and conflating them only serves the purpose of misinformation . 
  at the moment 1 of 107 swedish citizens is a refugee . 
  that does n't sound terribly dramatic . 
   can you give me some examples ? 
  especially interested in the conspiracy , anti-american and anti-semitic part . 
  that the established media ca n't be trusted , that our governments are `` run by america '' and that we consequently should seek closer ties to russia ( [ a lot of `` eurosceptic '' parties receive russian funding ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/putins-farright-ambition-thinktank-reveals-how-russian-president-is-wooing--and-funding--populist-parties-across-europe-to-gain-influence-in-the-eu-9883052.html ) ) , that climate change is n't real ( ukip ) , that their country is being bought up by israel ( jobbik ) and so on . 
   so basically that 's a demographic that should be ignored ? 
  no , that 's not what i said at all . 
  `` mass immigration '' itself is a buzzword that indicates a certain mentality , as there is no such thing as uncontrolled or mass immigration , and at least at the moment it is what defines nationalism in europe . 
  regarding anti-intellectualism : nationalist parties keep telling the population that the `` elites '' ought not to be listened to , that politicians or journalists ought not to be trusted , that the banksters are just out to get them , conspiracy theories enjoy some popularity , often anti-american or anti-semitic in nature . 
  even gay people have somehow been included into the group of a privileged urban elite that the simpe , honest , hardworking man should n't trust . 
   what 's wrong with being white , working class or elderly ? 
  nothing , but these people are more likely to support nationalist or populist parties and voter demographics are pretty good indicators where parties stand . 
  which parties or which policies ? 
  fn , jobbik , golden dawn , the danish people 's party , sweden democrats among others .
