  at all the critics regarding their form of protest : given the fact that a naked women is actually * the * french national symbol for [ liberty and reason ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marianne#mediaviewer/file:eug%c3%a8ne_delacroix_-_la_libert%c3%a9_guidant_le_peuple.jpg ) i think this symbolism makes quite a lot of sense , especially in paris . 
   on a more serious note , as the article points out , munich simply needs more housing . 
  well a very fast way to achieve that would be for our government to take some big bucks into their hands and put them into the housing sector . 
  thanks to our very rational fiscal policies sadly that is not going to happen . 
  the submarine was on vacation, 
  i agree with you there is so much anti-americanism here it 's simply ridiculous . 
  i 've also played with the the idea of emigrating after finishing university because the whole ethno-centric conservatism that is so prevalent on the whole continent is simply disgusting . 
  if i 'd had to make a guess i 'd say about 30 % of the german population sympathize with putin in that way . 
  they 're not paid , they 're simply idiots, 
  and the idea that companies can boss whole nations around is n't ridiculous ? 
  you have it the wrong way around . 
  agricultural societies actually need that growth because every family is dependent on a lot of offspring because you need a lot of people to do the physical labour and you need the big families to care for the elderly because they 're essentially their social security . 
  that 's the whole reason the population grows so fast . 
   it really is n't misguided nationalism . 
  ca n't you conceive of other reasons why people might not want to be in the eu ? 
  the bigger picture is that the european nations have bashed each others heads in for centuries . 
  before the eu existed , germany and france roughly went to war three times per century . 
  only since we have the eu which was a result of the experiences of what national movements could do to europe we have created some kind of peace and prosperity . 
  ( which was by the way founded by statesmen during a time when the german population still thought that the third reich and the german empire were the best kind of government ) we 're all too young to have this experienced personally but peace on this continent is definitely not a given . 
  with britain leaving the eu i think the whole thing is in terrible danger of dissolving . 
  i just do n't see what 's in it for the uk . 
  not being part of the european union will definitely reduce the uk 's influence on this continent , simply because the eu is the dominant institution when it comes to matters that affect all european countries . 
  also the fact that the uk is economically suffering from being an eu member has been debunked over and over . 
  i mean the uk has gone from being one of the worlds biggest empire 's barely one-hundred years ago to nearly falling apart at it 's core by nearly losing scotland . 
  ( ironically for the same reasons the uk wants to leave the eu ) . 
  and all of it because of some kind of misguided nationalism , i just think it 's very stupid . 
  well the thing is if you understand the european countries not just as nation states but as a union , that means you will have to give up sovereignty and create new institutions . 
  that 's just how it works , you ca n't have both full sovereignty as a nation state and have the eu . 
  and the latter is actually what most countries on this continent seem to want . 
   after all , once britain leaves the eu we are going to continue being part of the historical , cultural and geographical reality that is europe . 
  you 're surely going to be part of the geographical reality , that 's hard to change , but you 're not going to be part of the new cultural and historical reality that is the european union . 
  if you think being a european means being part of a group of different people that just happen to find themselves on the same continent , then that is very different from what a lot of people on the `` mainland '' think nowadays , and it is not really compatible . 
  obviously the last thing is n't okay or nice , but in all fairness a lot of british users on here actually defend the ukip stuff and are extremely `` eurosceptic '' as they call it . 
  i mean , this is a european subreddit . 
  if people only come here to tell how horrible the continent and all its institutions are , why even bother to post here at all if not to provoke harsh reactions and to purposely fall into the victim role . 
  these occasional snarky remarks against the uk here just happen because people react very allergic to this populist anti-immigration ukip shit that seems to be insanely popular in the uk at the moment . 
  it was the same when the fn scored so well during the last eu elections . 
  i mean it 's reddit , sometimes trolls will pop up , the whole `` germany tyrannizes europe '' angle is also reasonably popular at the moment . 
   maybe you can convince me that it is n't a fair comparison . 
  if he could n't maintain his car due to a lack of knowledge that would be true , if he did n't fix his car because he does n't give a shit about his own car that is completely irrelevant . 
  having a beer belly means that you are undisciplined , not incompetent . 
  regarding my own doctor , i would prefer the latter over the first if i had to choose . 
  i disagree . 
  i 'm a big fan of the * solidarprinzip * . 
  the struggle should not be about young vs old , it should be about rich vs poor . 
  the working class should stop bashing each others head in while a handful of people laugh there asses off . 
  changing heads wo n't do , that 's what we have been doing for decades . 
  the foundation for a well functioning society is a politically engaged public . 
  we clearly see that politics does n't work if it 's handled by disengaged politicians or technocrats . 
  so instead of electing right-wing nutjobs i 'd like to see people joining their favourite social democratic or conservative party and become part of the political process . 
  the problem are not primarily the politicians but the fact that people think they can go to the voting booth every four years and think that politics will run itself . 
  people need to engage more in the political process , especially young people . 
  join parties , youth organisations local communities or what have you . 
  if everybody would just devote one hour every week and become politically engaged the whole landscape would look a whole lot different . 
  of course that would take at least a little bit of personal effort so people prefer to vote for wilders , le pen or farage . 
  [ wicker man you say ? 
  ] ( http://uproxx.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/cage-gifs-bear.gif ), 
   by assimilation i mean the laws and customs yes . 
  but for instance when it is a religious practice to mutilate female and male genitals , that should definitely not be allowed . 
  male circumcision is not `` genital mutilation '' by any stretch of the word and i have not yet heard of a case of female genital mutilation here in germany . 
  that people are bashing their heads in on the street is obviously very stupid , but i can understand the desperation that kurdish minorities here must feel given what is currently happening to people that might as well be friends or relatives . 
  if by assimilation you mean accept their laws and customs , yes . 
  if you mean to force people to give up their religious believe and core aspects of who they are , then no . 
  there 's nothing cultured about forcing people to give up or suppress their own religion . 
  our constitution guarantees everybody the right to freely practice their religion and own culture . 
  if somebody ca n't do that , it is not only not the immigrant 's fault , it is also a big shame for everybody born here . 
  it 's not like catholicism does n't play a big role in spain , i would n't be so quick to blame it on the church . 
  * giggles industriously *, 
  wanted to laugh but ca n't , because i 'm german, 
  austerity politics really is `` austerity nonsense '' . 
  it is not working , it is endangering prosperity all over europe , and our government is the biggest party pushing for it . 
  economies are shrinking , unemployment is disastrous , we are on the edge of deflation but still our government seems to think that reducing government spending , lowering taxes and hindering the ecb to use all available tools of monetary policy is a great idea . 
  there is n't anything complex about it . 
  austerity is bogus and it has been mainstream economic knowledge for decades . 
  also it is a well established fact that redistribution from top to bottom has a multiplier effect due to the fact that poor people spend a higher percentage of their money and thus increase domestic demand . 
  it really is n't rocket science . 
   giving them welfare without demanding anything in return . 
   we simply do not have the ressources for this option . 
  yet . 
  maybe times will change , but our cards do not enable this one atm . 
  yes , we have . 
  our unemployment benefits amount to a little more than roughly 20 billion euros , which is about 7 % of our federal budget . 
  pensions cost us four times that much alone . 
  if we 'd stop the austerity nonsense and bring taxation back to a reasonable level we 'd even have more money at hand . 
   i also would like to insist on how wrong it is to compare this to slavery . 
  i bet you that almost every single slave that lived and/or lives on this earth and is actually included in the definition of `` being a slave '' would love to go for a life on benefits in germany . 
  not only speaking of the greater dignity and increased wealth , just think about how many rights one would gain from this . 
  it 's insulting to actual slaves when someone compares their situation to somebody who is assured by the german state to live another day . 
  i hold my country to a higher standard than a third world nation . 
  there is no dignity or sense of purpose working for three euros per hour or fishing deposit bottles out of trash cans . 
  if you think that the fact that we have it better than sierra leone constitutes an actual argument then we can as well stop the discussion, 
  yes , because a few hundred years have passed , the general wealth has increased and we have given it a nicer coating . 
  does n't change the fact that our `` welfare '' systems primary purpose seems to be to keep hoards of unemployed people in useless jobs for basically no pay and little chance of improvement . 
  given how rich our country is the social mobility here is a flat out joke . 
   why would doing something in exchange for money be `` close to slave labour ? '', 
  because if you only get so much money that you can barely afford food and shelter you 're getting exactly paid as much as a slave ? 
  at least the slaves did n't have to deal with all the paperwork , so they had that going for them i guess, 
  well money is a scarce resource since cutting taxes has become the fashionable thing to do , and the small communities and districts that do n't have much influence on the federal level are the first to feel the repercussions . 
  i do n't think it 's as german phenomenon . 
  probably the local politicians , but i guess you ca n't put all blame on them because our states and municipalities are notoriously underfunded , especially when it comes to these kind of things .
