  it 's simply accounting 101 . 
  germany violated the treaty for good reason , because it made sense . 
  there is no rational reason for the 60 % criterion in the first place . 
  the only thing that this was based on was a rogoff paper that tried to show slowing of gdp growth over 90 % , but that was later debunked because the data was intentionally distorted by excluding countries like australia and japan . 
  the eurozone forecast for the next five years is expected to be about 1-1 .7 % depending on which source you look at . 
  inflation is still well below the inflation target . 
  if we hit growth and inflation compared to the us or the uk we could talk about counter-cyclical policies , right now we are barely recovering . 
   the last crisis showed us that large debts are unsustainable . 
  if all eu countries agree to start slowly decrease their national debts when they reach gdp growth , what would be wrong with it ? 
  nothing , but we are far away from reaching gdp growth , precisely because we are trying to reduce our debt in a time of * recession * . 
  because it 's mathematically impossible for everybody to run an account surplus , except if we 're exporting into space and i have n't heard of that . 
  it 's also impossible for everybody to run high savings , because savings logically want to be invested somewhere , which would mean capital flow from one country to another , or in other words debt . 
  i do n't know why people are bringing morality into this . 
  it 's a simple economic fact . 
  if country a runs a budget surplus , high savings ( which is the case for germany , or china ) then someone will have to soak that net flow of capital up and go into debt ( southern europe and the us respectively ) now that 's obviously highly undesirable for both partners , as the indebted countries become unstable and the creditor nations lack consumption ( aka standard of living ) . 
  this is why nearly every currency zone or single market on this planet has set a balance of trade as a central goal , including the eurozone . 
  the bad part is that these countries are effectively exporting debt as the high saving rates in these countries will cut down on consumption and thus will make it harder for countries in southern europe that are already running a deficide to balance their trade . 
  that germany , switzerland and others are so obsessed with running a balanced budget while the eurozone is in recession is extremely counterproductive for recovery in europe 's periphery . 
  no , their economic and strategic ties . 
  economic sanctions will only hurt temporarily . 
  the west is still dependent on russia in [ the middle east ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/obama-calls-putin-on-iran-syria-2015-7?r=us&amp;ir=t ) which will be an unstable region for decades , and russia will stay an important trading partner especially for eastern europe , even [ ukraine ] ( https://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/ukr/ ) . 
   it 's not delusional at all . 
  as soon as it becomes too expensive for them to act aggressively , they stop . 
  they 'll shift towards asia and they wo n't care . 
  this is n't 1960 . 
  the brics countries are outpacing the west in terms of economic power . 
  with that speed you 'll probably annex it by 2200 . 
  you need to move the border posts faster !, 
  ` unfortunately ' really is a matter of debate . 
  the whole startup culture brings it 's disadvantages , too . 
  as we 've seen in the past the tech industry is n't immune to bubbles , quite the contrary actually and that cities around the tech industry tend to turn into gentrified suburbs is n't for everybody either . 
  coffee and tea also are n't aggressively marketed towards children , which is what this is about . 
  when a teenager gets a coffee the chance that he 's going to chug down 9 more of them with his friends is pretty small . 
  the new left has increasingly adopted reactionary positions . 
  to give a few examples : - anti-semitism and anti-americanism in connection to conspiracy theories of jews/americans running corporations and the world ( that actually goes up to published intellectuals in mild forms ) - the idea that capitalism destroys the ` natural family ' and forces women into labour - nationalism as a result of globalization critique - ethnopluralism and orientalism while praising foreign cultures and demonizing western foreign policy - opposition to civil institutions , gun rights , communalism etc. . david harvey has written about the `` fetishism of the local and horizontal '' of the new left in * rebel cities * , it 's a pretty good book on the topic . 
  in the source you provided * the osce disputes that there is any proof for shelling on georgian villages * :  a former senior organization for security and co-operation in europe ( osce ) official , ryan grist , who was in charge of unarmed monitors in south ossetia at war 's start , [ 68 ] told the bbc in november 2008 that he had been warning of georgia 's military activity before its move into the south ossetia region , saying there was a `` severe escalation '' and that this `` would give the russian federation any excuse it needed in terms of trying to support its own troops . 
  '' [ 69 ] according to grist , it was georgia that launched the first military strikes against tskhinvali . 
  `` it was clear to me that the [ georgian ] attack was completely indiscriminate and disproportionate to any , if indeed there had been any , provocation , '' he said . 
  `` the attack was clearly , in my mind , an indiscriminate attack on the town , as a town . '' [ 70 ] grist 's views were echoed by stephen young , who was another senior osce official in georgia at the time . 
  according to him , there had been no extensive shelling of the georgian villages on the evening or night of august 7 . 
  young added , that if there had been shelling of georgian villages that evening , the osce monitors at the scene would have heard it . 
  according to him , the monitors only heard occasional small arms fire . 
  so neither the eu nor the osce monitor on the ground reaffirms your position . 
  these are by far the two biggest neutral institutions , are you kidding me ? 
  but the actual report does n't even deny that the conflict started way earlier . 
  do n't move the goalpost , your claim was that the * war * was started by russia . 
  it simply was n't . 
  the large scale military escalation happened after georgia started a large scale assault on south ossetsia . 
  yes , russia never was a democracy and foreign policy was always driven by military power , sure . 
  but do you think all the ex soviet states are now glorious centers of liberal democracy ? 
  some of them have been in a state of civil unrest for decades now and are run by people that resemble clan chiefs more than actual leaders . 
  this is n't a black and white issue that people are trying to turn this into . 
  how many failed states do we need to produce before that gets into people 's heads ? 
  south ossetsia declared independence in * 1990 * , this is n't little green man appearing and holding a surprise vote . 
  this is absolutely not comparable to what happened in ukraine or solely fueled by russia . 
  this has been going on since the inception of the georgian state . 
  [ look at this wapo article from last year trying to get an idea of the popular opinion in the respective independent regions ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/monkey-cage/wp/2014/03/20/how-people-in-south-ossetia-abkhazia-and-transnistria-feel-about-annexation-by-russia/ ), 
  who exactly debunked this ? 
  uhh an independent eu fact-finding agency confirmed the exact opposite : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2009/sep/30/georgia-attacks-unjustifiable-eu, 
   ... dude . 
  via literally putting people into rail cars at gun point and sending them to labor/death camps in siberia for charges of anything from anti-revolution activities to collaboration with nazis , to espionage to treason to just being unlikeable to stalin and replacing them with russian settlers/making their kids all speak russian . 
  i added `` in the historical context '' which you conveniently did not quote , to make clear i was talking about the late soviet union close to the dissolution , which is what we were talking about with all the detrimental affects it had , do n't try to turn me into a stalinist . 
  that is the exact shit that makes discussions here impossible . 
  i was not trying to justify ethnic cleansing or genocide . 
  this is like people digging up the `` the fall of the soviet union was a great tragedy '' quote by putin and act like he 's talking about the 50 's . 
  this is shitty rhetoric and you know it, 
   and we know what was going down in the balkans while europe told itself `` never again '' right ? 
  serbians were n't just trying to assert political control , they were trying to ` remove kebab ' and ensure the territorial control was built on ethnic control . 
  that 's why it was so ghastly . 
  but that again is in the context of a failing multi-ethnic state , yugoslavia . 
  if the soviet union as an empire had one redeeming feature it was that it kept the ethnic tensions of the region at bay ( by historical standards ) . 
  this is why people in these independent regions voice support for russia , because they 're in a huge tribal nationalistic mess and civil war now and have been for the last 20 years . 
  i know that reddit believes that it 's all just russia today and evil kgb agents , but for people who had some stability and protection under the soviet regime , ethno-nationalism is fucking scary . 
  the territories in question which are abkhazia , south ossetsia and transnistria were actually reasonable prosperous regions within the soviet union and declared de-facto independency pretty much in the early 90 's . 
  now you can have long historical discussions going back to the russian empire , but that was n't the actual point . 
  fact of the matter is after the soviet union perished as a regulatory power these regions were thrown into civil wars and ethic conflicts as it often happens when big states fail and regions balkanize . 
  you can make a good case that russia intentionally fueled resentment in ukraine , but in the georgian regions these are genuine conflicts . 
  and just regarding the question `` who is russia defending ? '', 
  which is what the guy i responded to asked , the answer is pretty easy . 
  in 2008 russia defended south ossetsia from a georgian attack , as the eu itself confirmed . 
  the french/germany comparison you added is hilarious . 
  the current borders between france and germany are settled for 70 years , the actual war over the saarland between the german empire and france is settled for 150 years . 
  there is no region in this contemporary example that seriously has majorities that would want to secede from either country , which explains the silliness . 
  the conflicts between russia and the ex soviet states are still fresh . 
  there are actual majorities in these independent regions that identify as ` russian ' . 
  there is no majority in the saarland that identifies as french , i doubt you 'd find 500 people . 
  well in the context of the russo-georgian war , georgia actually started a large scale military offensive and russia intervened , which started this conflict . 
  [ an eu fact finding mission in 2008 actually confirmed this ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2009/sep/30/georgia-attacks-unjustifiable-eu ) . 
  edit : for the people downvoting , could you please tell me why i 'm wrong, 
  high taxes are not the only way to afford welfare . 
  one very good way to achieve economic growth is keeping people spending money . 
  if you are trapped in deflation , which the eurozone has been for the last several years ( we are far away from our 2 % inflation target ) , people will not buy stuff , stores will close , the economy will shrink , debt will go up , social welfare gets less affordable . 
  this has very little to do with taxes as it is a systemic problem that affects france , italy , spain and several other eurozone countries without significant tax evasion just the same . 
  at the core of it is germany 's huge trade surplus that is responsible for exporting unemployment to the eurozone . 
  as long as we do not reduce that surplus and thus force deflation onto our neighbours their situation can not improve . 
  it 's mathematically impossible . 
  we are exporting * our * structural problems . 
  has it ever occured to you that steering everybody into the abyss instead of rising the tide for everybody might not be a reasonable long term strategy, 
  if conservatives do n't feel taken serious , that is . 
  i just think we ought to have a discussion as a society about what the nature of marriage is .
