  if you have issues with a certain publication voice your criticism in a way that people can actually interact with, 
  so you are willing to take in refugees as long as they do n't happen to exist , or would run from countries which they have no reason to run away from . 
  got it also german people in germany can by definition not be refugees, 
   is any of this surprising ? 
  i mean , i am not anti-immigrant per se , but i tried not to read further  the elites have an attitude that nobody else 's opinion matters , and they are instructing the media to lie about it , etc. 
  this is why, 
  horseshoe theory at work here . 
  the east german left is authoritarian and populist . 
  some east germans have problems with the parliamentary , slow , democratic process . 
  they expect easy , national answers , streamlined and guided social life and so on, 
  literally 98 % of muslims live in former west germany , the voting behaviour is ridiculous, 
  well there is a lot of place between being apathetic and being a zealot , and being a radical does n't necessarily mean that you 're violent or an unpleasant person . 
  jesuits or sufis both live pretty radical interpretations of their faith , they 're not bad people though . 
  i do n't really think people ` not giving a fuck ' and believing in some kind of vague new age nonsense is really good . 
  the disinterest is creeping into all aspects of live though , politics as well . 
  people seem to be increasingly numb to anything that is n't cheap entertainment . 
  sure if you do n't really care about anything you 're probably not going to be a very controversial individual , but that is n't necessarily good, 
  our government practises voodoo economics , i 'm not going to defend it, 
  like , sure every country was hit hard by the recession , it was a global crisis . 
  but the uk did come out of it well compared to most other countries . 
  employment is good and economic growth is steady . 
  that the real wages are lacking while property costs and so on rise is bad but is an almost universal phenomenon with some small states aside . 
  it 's probably going to get better over the next few years as most countries are starting to recover from the recession . 
  the uk also did not start any ridiculous austerity measures which spared them the greek fate . 
   surely we should n't support a population of a 50 million people independent nation from an invasion by some authoritarian leader no we should n't , or at least we should n't categorically . 
  if we 'd genuinely apply this as some kind of sacrosanct principle we would be obligated to free north korea right now, 
  nato article 5 was invoked for afghanistan and as a member of the organisation the netherlands were obligated to participate , so there is no choice involved there . 
  i also do n't really see where the logical connection between a trade deal and the plain shootdown is . 
  do we sign trade agreements out of spite now ? 
  well when manufacturing moved to china the whole rhine area went down the drain almost , and areas like detroit did too over the course of a few years . 
  there really is no economic sector that is inherently safe . 
  the uk came out of the financial crisis pretty well though so i do n't really think there 's something inherently wrong with their economy . 
  they could probably try to decentralize a bit , london is too huge, 
   based around finance . 
  if finance crash , your entire economy could disappear overnight . 
  there is little diversification . 
  not true at all the uk has one of the most diverse economies on the planet : http://atlas.cid.harvard.edu/rankings/ it 's also a really weird statement to make . 
  it is good that the uk has moved towards a service and information based economy . 
  not only has most industrial labour moved to the second and third world , the environmental and health effects of industry heavy economies are n't good . 
   unemployement being low because a lot of that `` employment '' is zero paid hours garranted contracts or things that do n't allow you to eat . 
  also factually wrong . 
  median wage in the uk is significantly higher than both in germany or france . 
  yes i will , the great reactionary revolution is n't coming man , you need to browse less reddit, 
  the afd is a non-entity , they 're going to be cut out of parliamentary process because they 're a platform for nativist zealots . 
  regarding the more conservative base in the cdu , it 's not significant in any way . 
  it 's mainly disgruntled old people . 
  i do n't know of any influential person in the cdu who actually is pushing a reactionary agenda . 
  crappy analysis . 
  the cdu is doing the right thing which is pivoting towards the urban , diverse and young voterbase . 
  trying to grap easy geriatric votes would be a strategical mistake as those people are slowly dying off . 
  merkel has recognized that the v\u00f6lkisch crap that the cdu has occasionally toyed with in the past is unworkable in the future so she moved the cdu to the center . 
  it 's a smart move . 
  merkel has a good feeling for the moderate , conservative ideology in the country which is dominant even among minorities who have historically not profited from it but nonetheless chose assimilation over rebellion . 
  that people like jens spahn or cemile giousouf are running for the cdu is quite remarkable . 
  hey mr it professional you dropped your escape character !, 
  [ the solution to your problems ] ( https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/herp-derp-for-youtube/ioomnmgjblnnolpdgdhebainmfbipjoh ), 
  no , i am talking here about how france conceives of herself as a nation and a historical entity . 
  stop throwing fallacies around and use your mental faculties . 
  do n't shift the goalpost . 
  your initial claim was that  for the millionth time , the hygienic and medical benefits apply for third world countries in sub-saharan africa . 
  this is factually untrue . 
  a significant reduction in std 's is relevant in the first world , especially hpv . 
  your chance to get std 's is , depending on the specific disease , significantly reduced if you 're circumcised . 
  that surely is relevant in the first world as well . 
  hiv risk can be reduced by 50 % . 
  http://www.medicaldaily.com/circumcision-can-prevent-hiv-infection-altering-penis-microbiome-245039 mentioned study in the article : http://mbio.asm.org/content/4/2/e00076-13, 
  i do n't know what merit there is to it and we were n't discussing anything in a pan european way . 
  you asked what characterizes the french idea of civic society and i told you and why it is incompatible with the fn ideology and deeply un-french . 
  yes , obviously anglo capitalism is distinct from rhine capitalism or the scandinavian model . 
  communism in the spanish resistance was anarchist , maoism in china was n't . 
  do we really need to do political science 101 here ? 
  french history and the french constitution and the french society ? 
  i literally wrote this in my last post . 
  did you even read it ? 
  french civic nationalism is secular , * la\u00efcit\u00e9 * is the key term here . 
  the fn agressively tries to shove christian ideology into politics , see marine le pen 's admiration of they guy who killed himself in the notre dame to demonstrate against gay rights and the huge church support the party gets . 
  french civic nationalism is class driven and not dominated by identity politicts . 
  every french person is first and foremost french , period . 
  the fn tries to stir up * v\u00f6lkisch * sentiment in the population by trying to divide along ethnic and religious lines . 
  france was always staunchly anti-communitarian , the fn is actively trying to undermine it . 
  yes , i know and i just told you that nothing about the fn is civic ( especially in the french sense ) , could you at least respond to that instead of linking me a wikipedia article, 
  then just drop the liberalism and call it nationalism , or what version of nationalism is n't about the self determination of nations ? 
  desperate attempt to make a shitty ideology sound nice i 'm also pretty sure `` liberal nationalism '' as used by the op refers to nationalism in the sense of the french revolution , enlightenment ideals and so on ( [ you know , these people here ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a7/eug%c3%a8ne_delacroix_-_la_libert%c3%a9_guidant_le_peuple.jpg ) ) , which obviously has nothing to do with the fn given that it is the least secular , most authoritarian and most identity-politics focused party on the french party spectrum . 
  yes , that we can agree on . 
   liberal nationalism kek opposing gay rights , protectionist and collectivist economic policies , anti-muslim and anti-semitic pandering , strong connections to the church . 
  being the french version of russia , very liberal, 
  their program ! = what they stand for and who votes for them . 
  everybody can write nice things into a program , their platform has concentrated on far-right stuff , they originally started as an anti-euro party which they have n't talked about in two years ( they 've also thrown the original founder out because too liberal ) . 
  just today internal papers were leaked which outlined the party strategy which for the coming elections is to focus almost exclusively on `` islam-criticism '' . 
  exactly , people need to keep the hyperbole out of it . 
  male circumcision does n't really impair function and has some hygienic and medical benefits . 
  you can oppose it on the ground that people should n't conduct medical procedures for religious reasons but it 's not mutilation . 
  nah it 's just the typical `` i am liberal , but ... '' comment that seems to be very prevalent at the moment . 
  apparently people are staunch liberals until one bad thing happens and then they cease being liberals , which does n't make a lot of sense exactly . 
  what 's the point of considering yourself liberal if you go full old-testament as soon as something bad happens ? 
   firefox or chromium for the non-proprietary version of chrome because honestly firefox is n't keeping up very well, 
  use https://startpage.com/ , it 's anonymized google, 
  not easy to translate literally but basically `` stay vigilant , always ! '', 
  or in the spirit of reagan 's `` freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction '', 
   what 's extreme left i wonder communists from alpha centauri obviously,
