  those people wo n't go away . 
  what do you do now ? 
  and if that country is at its limit , too ? 
  eventually you 're running out of countries . 
  it 's a beggar thy neighbour policy . 
  it does n't solve anything , it shifts the responsibility to another actor . 
  his command economy probably not , because we have seen multiple other examples of this going horribly wrong in the decades following ww 2 . 
  his ethnic nationalism drove many of germany 's leading intellectuals out of the country and turned it from a center of innovation in europe into a mad war machine , so that does n't sound very appealing either . 
  hitler did n't exactly have lots of good ideas . 
  absolute nonsense and a common myth . 
  the nazis dramatically decreased unemployment artificially by drafting people into the military , starting nonsensical giant building projects like creating artificial lakes or planting forests , trying to drive prices down through corporatist measures like nationalization and so on . 
  this shortly improved the situation but was obviously no real solution because the planned economy reduced the overall welfare and damaged the economy long term . 
  by the time the wars started germany was already heavily indebted , consumer goods began to become scarce , taxes were raised heavily to finance the war effort and the whole economy was in shambles . 
  public spending almost tripled from 1928 to 1939 and public debt increased rapidly . 
  furthermore the statistics were heavily doctored . 
  women were not counted as unemployed anymore because women in nazi germany were n't supposed to work , jews were stripped of their citizenship and thus not counted , and many young men were drafted without having much of a choice . 
  and by almost you mean getting the whole country turned into a pile of ash . 
  those admirers do n't seem to have read how the war ended, 
  saying `` we institute an upper limit '' does n't actually solve anything . 
  the people do n't disappear because you announce that there is an upper limit . 
  they 'll just go to another nation and then that nation will get angry and you have the same problem . 
  so not only is the `` upper limit '' idea unconstitutional it also accomplishes exactly nothing . 
   as an american , you more than anyone should understand that not `` letting all these people in '' is not a meaningful solution to terrorism . 
  i do n't understand the americans here . 
  it feels like it 's the kkk youth or something . 
  i have never met expats with the mentality that americans display on this subreddit especially . 
  the easy going and open attitude that i 've experienced from americans ( canadians and aussies as well for that matter ) is always something i 've admired a lot . 
  i 'm pretty sure if you 're not deaf you can figure that out faster without a phone, 
  can you actually make a coherent argument ? 
  fucking two day old troll accounts, 
  you 've just elected the most paternalistic government that post-communist poland has ever seen . 
  what are you on about ? 
  what rights is germany giving up ? 
  given the state of italian politics , yes you probably should have, 
  i hope you are aware that i could n't actually pick my ancestors , the polish people on the other hand are voting their liberties aware * right now * . 
  yes i do n't get this mixup either . 
  you might think of his behavior as inappropriate , but he has n't abused or hurt children and it apparently has n't affected his work . 
  well you did n't exactly need to be nostradamus to say the least ... 
  yep . 
  especially pollution . 
  a swedish non-profit estimates that nearly [ half a million europeans ] ( http://www.airclim.org/acidnews/447000-premature-deathsyear-eu-due-bad-air-quality ) die prematurely due to bad air quality evey year . 
  if you 're scared about your public health and safety , this is what people need to get upset about . 
  well , we 're going to need to build that kind of patriotism because our silly * v\u00f6lkisch * nationalism is going to drag us down the shitter again otherwise . 
  language and culture barriers are lower than they were before , the world is more globalized than it was 50 years ago . 
  europe is what has kept us at peace for 70 years now , it is enormously important . 
  i have no idea how we 're going to get it in the people 's heads but it needs to happen . 
  how do you measure how homogeneous the eu or the us is ? 
  what do people in rural kentucky or montana have in common with people in palo alto ? 
  what has a baptist in the midwest in common with an iranian immigrant in new york or washington ? 
  the european union is n't the magic land of diversity simply because people keep repeating it ad nauseam . 
   forced political union just does n't work ; only when different parties naturally and organically propose and accede to one another 's terms because they want that union , do things work out . 
  uh ... you do now how the southern and northern states of your country were united right ? 
  `` respecting human rights is totally like , just your opinion man ! '', 
  that sounds pretty amazing actually , i 'll definitely look into it . 
  thanks !, 
  the cs industry in the uk seems to be pretty alive as well which is the other big thing that would be interesting . 
  so i have a undergrad in math and a grad degree in cs . 
  i could take the one year pgce course in the uk and would then be qualified to teach and get a 25k bursary ? 
  i probably would be required to teach for a certain time in the uk right ? 
  huh , cool . 
  can you teach with a regular math degree or would you need a `` teaching '' degree ? 
  ( if that is a thing in the uk ), 
  the idea is the same , conflicts becoming symbols for domestic political movements . 
  is n't really a new thing and happens all the time no matter if it 's anti-apartheid struggle in africa which was fought out on american campuses , the iranian revolution which changed the perception of islam globally , you can trace those things even to japan . 
  ( who also had a giant student revolt in 68 by the way ) . 
  because during the vietnam war people totally were n't running through european streets and started a movement that changed a whole generation , a completely new phenomenon, 
  yes , we do . 
  asylum rights are a fundamental human and a fundamental european right . 
  which the czech republic and all other european countries have ratified . 
  well you responded to a guy talking about destabilization , and that was caused by the nato . 
  it 's the same deal with the eu anyway . 
  many eastern european countries are the biggest net receivers of european funds . 
  the eu is determined to uphold humanist principles . 
  we have an obligation to help . 
  if you do n't like it , get out . 
  no one 's going to stop anybody at the door . 
  maybe not the best painter all around , but one painting that always stood out for me was ivan kramskoi 's . 
  [ christ in the desert ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/17/christ_in_the_wilderness_-_ivan_kramskoy_-_google_cultural_institute.jpg/1024px-christ_in_the_wilderness_-_ivan_kramskoy_-_google_cultural_institute.jpg ) . 
  i think there are very few depictions of christ as good as this one . 
  these countries also all happen to live under the cozy nato umbrella , brought to you by the villain across the pond . 
  if you 're so upset about your glorious lack of sovereignty i propose these countries withdraw from all of those pesky institutions and join russia in their glorious orthodox struggle ? 
  or you know , stop whining and do your part . 
  that 's not just an issue in poland . 
  look at the reactions black football players often get . 
  i do n't know why this meme continues to exist [ this is where the uk is buying oil ] ( http://www.statista.com/statistics/381963/crude-oil-and-natural-gas-import-origin-countries-to-united-kingdom-uk/ ), 
  i do n't believe there to be a causal relation between ethnicity and opinion , i do n't endorse any racist ideology . 
  but nonetheless something as trivial as your name can determine what kind of social expectations people have of you in a country . 
  if your name in germany is murat and your skin is dark you are going to have a lot of different conversations and experiences than a blond haired alexander , and this is in turn is going to form your opinion and beliefs about a lot of things . 
  i also was not using 'em pire ' in context of some evil aggressive force or whatever , but simply as a place where progress , exchange of cultures and ideas and also conflict takes place , which is necessary for any form of development . 
  it 's not the only way , but given the fact that ethnicity and gender have been , historically , two of the biggest dividers it 's only natural that they are also in this case sources of diversity . 
  and if bringing them together should reduce diversity , which i 'm not sure it does automatically , then yes sure we should be happy if we continue to have people coming to our country . 
  that 's what immigration societies like the united states are founded on , and what has made them very successful . 
  pretty much every historic empire has also been a center of commerce and cultural exchange . 
  no , i did not , do n't be intentionally obtuse . 
  but many people of different skin color have made very different experiences in their respective countries . 
  because people with different ethnicities often come from different cultures , different places , or different social strata , and have often different experiences with existing social institutions . 
  diversity brings many different people with many different ideas together . 
  that produces productive conflict which produces better results . 
  this is not only an obvious observation on the national scale but is also true at the workplace . 
  none of the countries you named actually endorses putting boots on the ground , the official american foreign policy at the moment is to support the insurgency movements .
