  if only a few people do n't behave the whole community goes down the drain . 
  also you should probably refrain from comparing contemporary russia to nazi germany if you want to be taken seriously , especially if you are talking to a german . 
  yes , we cherish our homeless population in homeopathic doses . 
  5 bucks here , a pat on the head there , we help just enough so that we do n't feel overly bad about it and we do n't let them come close enough so that it does n't become uncomfortable . 
  i think we should gather them all in public squares for once , together with all the old who ca n't afford healthcare and the young who ca n't afford any education , would be interesting too see how many people we get together . 
  yes who would want to see actual poverty while enjoying his starbucks coffee on a sunny saturday mall visit , right ? 
  it 's a pretty sad state for a society to be in . 
  not that this would be exclusive to the uk . 
  i just misunderstood your post . 
  i do n't deny that americans get a lot of flag for their country 's actions , as they should because they are proud to claim that they are a free democratic country , but i fail to see how that is relevant in terms of international relations . 
  on the actual political level the response could n't be more disproportionate . 
  do we measure international relations in reddit posts now ? 
  the us invaded a country on fabricated claims , killed hundreds of thousands of civilians and i do n't see the us getting sanctioned into the ground or isolated by the international community . 
  are you telling me that fucking reddit posts are what matters now ? 
  can you educate me which volume you are talking about here ? 
  no conflict in the near history comes close to the ` war on terror ' in scale . 
  well the hate seems to be somewhat more short-lived when democracies invade foreign countries and leave six figure death counts behind ... 
  if the fighting and dying in ukraine continues at this pace russia will catch up in a mere hundred years !, 
  ( fermented ) cabbage is quite popular in asian countries , too . 
  kimchi would be the korean version . 
  industrialization , urbanization and economic development are the most effective condoms there are , but it would require transfer of knowledge and a pretty big rework of our economic system and it would cost us some bucks in the short term , so i guess we wo n't be doing it . 
  the human right you are thinking of is embodied in the * gleichheitssatz * which boils down to `` treat * equal things * equally '' , what it does not entail is `` treat unequal things equally '' . 
  whether marriage ought to be a right for everybody depends on whether you define marriage around the biological ability to produce offspring ( in that regard not every form of relationship is equal ) or whether you define it as a bond between people who care for each other , share responsibility and so on ... 
  the interesting thing about the latter is that there in principle is no good reason to not allow polyamorous marriages , which most gay people do not seem to support . 
  that leaves us in a weird spot . 
  if marriage is not centered around the ability to have children ( which requires exactly two people ) then marriage ought to be open to every form of consensual relationship . 
  that seems to be a hugely unpopular opinion though , which begs the question whether gay marriage really is a genuine matter of human rights or rather about emulating a conservative institution for the sole reason of having some sort of cultural standoff between progressives and traditionalists . 
  roadside picnic is a fantastic book !, 
  never have read sci-fi that made me feel so uncomfortable ( in a good way ), 
  it 's a strategy to keep putin away i guess ? 
  nope , would still prefer the glorious squatting slav . 
  if it means that i 'll not have to see adult men with no existing facial hygiene carrying handbags and wearing purple children-sized jeans i 'll take that knife fight nine times out of ten, 
  that 's their parent 's money , it 's not the actual people . 
  and in what world is a shitty starbucks better than a glorious tattoo shop ? 
  yes , i live in cologne and many fellow uni students and neighbours are turks and i experience the same , they 're actually just normal people, 
  there was a survey done in 2013 polling people about who they consider to be the biggest threat to world peace , [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/9h1jls4.jpg ) was the result at the time . 
  i highly suspect that this might have changed after the ukraine crisis , but there you go . 
  i think that is n't really a fair statement as these positions are pretty popular among both conservative and social democratic politicians or intellectuals ( like laschet , missfelder , platzek , dohnanyi or even alice schwarzer ) and some , if not a majority of the statesmen like genscher or schmidt . 
  there seems to be a clearly distinct split when it comes to evaluating russia 's role in the world . 
  the people voicing understanding for russia 's policies are usually people who take a geopolitical and historical point of view while most criticism comes from progressives or humanists who emphasize russia 's domestic policies and take a cosmopolitan approach to things . 
  this has created some weird situations like having some prominent members of the green party , like werner schulz openly advocating arming ukrainian soldiers , which is a highly unusual position for a usually pacifist leaning party to be in . 
  nobody should . 
  if you do n't get offered at least half-decent pay or equivalent accommodation , do n't take the internship . 
  that so many people are willing to do internships for so little compensation has somehow given employers the idea that this is normal behaviour . 
  if i 'm not mistaken there are a lot of russian speakers among them and they had generally strong ties to russia ( i think they 're living in the eastern most regions of the baltics ) , so i guess that might be a reason but i 'm not sure . 
  the guy i responded to said that he thought that hitler ` only ' planned to kill jews , the handicapped and gay people . 
  that was clearly wrong , he planned to eliminate a majority , if not all slavic people . 
  i do n't even know what your response has to do with his question . 
  maybe even a large minority !, 
   they even refer to eachother as `` comrade '' . 
  * genosse * the german version of comrade is still used internally here as well if you 're a member of the social democrats , that 's not really unusual . 
  the [ generalplan ost ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generalplan_ost#phases_of_the_plan_and_its_implementation ) ethnic group | percentage subject to removal --------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- poles | 80 -- 85 % russians | 50 -- 60 % to be physically eliminated and another 15 % to be sent to western siberia . 
  belarusians | 75 % ukrainians | 65 % lithuanians | 85 % latvians | 50 % estonians | 50 % czechs | 50 % latgalians | 100 % the russian death toll alone would have been monstrous . 
  i really do n't think schmidt only cares about germany , but he is firmly convinced that peace in europe can only be insured * with * russia and never without russia . 
  there are two things you can do . 
  you can try to cooperate with russia even though you do n't think what russia demands is reasonable ( they think the same about whatever it is we do ) , or you can engage in power plays . 
  if you go for the second option you can be absolutely sure that russia will react in the same way and will have no inventive to act otherwise . 
  the problem with the second option is that it will never be russia , or the us that will suffer , it will always be the small neighboring nations . 
  we had this in vietnam , in korea , in georgia and we 'll get it in the ukraine too . 
  ukraine can not win a war against russia , not an economic one and definitely not one military in nature . 
  also in regards to anti-ballistic shields , they 're crap according to every expert on this planet no matter what nationality . 
  the missile-shield was a cheap provocation , if we get into a nuclear war we 're all toast . 
   `` our missile defense program is an expensive , ineffective defense against an implausible threat , '' says steven weinberg , a university of texas professor who won the 1979 nobel prize in physics . 
  he was one of 50 nobel laureates to sign a 2001 letter to congress voicing skepticism about `` hitting a bullet with a bullet '' outside of laboratory conditions . '', 
  [ bloomberg ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2011-08-03/missile-defense-costing-35-billion-misses-bullets-with-bullets ), 
  the mujahideen were brutal jihadist fighters ever since the soviet-afghan war , mujahideen literally translates to '' * someone who wages jihad * '' . 
  they beheaded enemy soldiers , they gutted them , and they ruled afghanistan in tribes and acted as medieval warlords . 
  they considered afghanistan under their rule to be the only true form of islam , women had no rights et cetera ... , they were more or less exactly what isis is today , just in a different region . 
  as in regards to bin ladens persona , he basically became a religious extremist during his early 20s in college . 
  as you pointed out in your post , he was already tied to pan-islamic jihadist movements in the late 70 's . 
  * bin laden himself founded al-qaeda in 1988 , 5 years before the mentioned interview took place . 
  * to act like anybody believed that the founder of a self proclaimed global jihadist movement is a `` businessman '' is ridiculous . 
  yes , the mujaheddin were already madmen at the time that article was written . 
  they pretty much fought like isis fights today , with very similar goals . 
  there is an important difference though , the independent did n't know it , and russians know how biased their news agencies are . 
  it 's like a big joke everybody is in on . 
  they might embrace it because they hate the us more than they hate their own country , but everybody knows . 
  if you have to send comrade stalin a birthday card you know that you 're living in bizarro world , this has been the case since old soviet times . 
  the smug superiority coupled with ignorance on side of the western nations is almost unbearable though . 
  i 'd rather take some zealous russian commentator who 's at least aware that he 's writing a propaganda piece over the pseudo-objective worldview of someone who ca n't even think about the possibility that we might hold responsibility some responsibility , too . 
  funnily enough this thread was created by a 4 day old account with a dozen posts or so only related to the ukraine situation . 
  i think this sub should introduce a minimum account age of two or three weeks or minimum karma , the brigarding from all sides here on several topics is annoying . 
  sure , but many people here ( as in the western cultural sphere ) do n't even believe that they have any ideology which is , and forgive me to channel zizek here , the most blatant form of ideology plain and simple . 
  it might as well be true that most of our media outlets themselves are n't even conscious about their natural bias , just try to follow the depiction of greece in german media coverage , and i 'm not talking about tabloids here . 
  sure rt pretty much a propaganda channel , but at least they do n't even try to hide that fact . 
  it 's almost more bearable than the pseudo-enlightened hordes of posters here who think everybody who at least attempts to get a more nuanced view is a shill or a ` useful idiot ' . 
  obviously rt and other eastern news outlets produce a lot of crap , but we have a ridiculous blind spot when it comes to our biases especially in the context of middle-eastern interventionism . 
  go back and follow western and especially american coverage of the iraq war . 
  i remember still how the nytimes [ published ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2004/05/26/international/middleeast/26fte_note.html?ex=1400990400&amp;en=94c17fcffad92ca9&amp;ei=5007&amp;partner=userland ) a lengthy response in which they concluded that their reporting was uncritical , you do n't even need to start with fox or cbs . 
  given our escapades in the region over the last 30 or 40 years a little bit of reflection and humility would do us good . 
  yes , i 'm pretty sure we should ban both . 
  i 'd rather see that we put sanctions in place for all extremists than for none . 
  on the specific issue of lybia ( or middle-eastern policy in general ) he 's probably right , or do you prefer [ that style of brilliant reporting ? 
  ] ( http://static3.businessinsider.com/image/52a1c37869bedd476f5aaefd-960/independent-1993%20 ( 1 \\ ) -1 . jpeg ) and yes , that has been our brilliant middle-eastern mo to this day . 
  the `` useful idiot '' characterization is ridiculous honestly , or at least i would n't call [ helmut schmidt one ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2014-05-16/ukraine-crisis-resembles-europe-1914-says-helmut-schmidt ) . 
  there have been many major political blunders over the last 20 years that the eu and individual western states are responsible for . 
  the eu - ukraine association agreement was amateurishly negotiated , the eu pushed too hard and did n't incorporate russia in the process , leading to the whole `` them or us '' mentality in the first place . 
  the anti-ballistic missile shield was such a ridiculous idea that even obama scrapped it , and the unilateral action taken in libya and syria ( which again turned out disastrous ) did n't help diplomatic relations either . 
  i do n't think anybody was denying that , but judging the cultural heritage of a country simply by it 's consumer products or its gdp seems rather odd , if not completely misguided . 
  the last picture reminded me of [ this gem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tcmi0ukbbe ),
