  and not have the inmates run the asylum by giving them political influence, 
  i 'm pretty sure everybody knows that fact, 
   we declared independence and the british attacked us . 
  we only acted in self defense . 
  yeah that usually happens when you unilaterally secede from a sovereign nation lol . 
  now you 're really stretching it . 
  when the russian peasantry rises up against the crown they 're barbarians , when the valorous americans rise up against their tyrants they 're acting in noble self-defense . 
  i hope you 're seeing the disconnect here, 
  yes , lenin used terror and violence as a tool of the revolution . 
  nonetheless leninism , contrasted with the medieval tsarism that existed before in russia , was a liberation for huge parts of the population , just like the french creation of the republic involved a huge deal of terror and violence . 
  you have to look critically at it but you ca n't just wave it off with a hand . 
  after all the creation of the united states was violent as well . 
   this `` constitutional patriotism '' is in my opinion one of those philosophical farts of a small elite , the term itself coined by habermas ( the epitome of a `` fuck the plebs '' elitist ) is that the german equivalent of sarah palin 's hate of ` ny values ' ? 
  does the * real * germany consist of bratwurst , bier and latent xenophobia just like the real america is wide cornfields and christian puritanism and wife-beating ? 
  til democratic mandate = = do whatever the fuck you want very nuanced view on democracy , it 's not like the rule of law and minority rights are a thing , poland what are u doing pls stop, 
  it switched around a lot . 
  leninism was a pretty giant step forward for women 's rights , stalin did whatever he thought made sense on any given day which was pretty much always something extremely horrible, 
  well i do n't think so . 
  it 's a typical thing . 
  nowadays we have a very liberal sexual culture , everybody has sex when they 're 14 , you can do everything you want and so on , so some kids perceive rules as liberating . 
  falling back to reactionary stuff when you 're confused is a normal reaction , it does n't mean that anybody is fundamentalist or even especially religious . 
  it 's like hippie mania , it 's not like you 're suddenly going to turn communist because a few kids act out the only problem here is of course that some radical islamists use this specific subculture as a recruiting pool for more sinister purposes , but that probably requires other shitty conditions , crime , poverty and so on . 
  you might not believe it , but american kids who dressed in black and scared there parents in the 80 's were n't genuine satanists either . 
  i really dunno what to tell you . 
  just leave your house and talk to your fellow muslim citizens with headscarfs . 
  have n't ever met one who seemed crazy . 
  to insinuate that muslim women apparently ca n't make conscious decisions because they disagree with the public french dress code is just plain insulting . 
  that the french state believes that it can dictate every aspect of life is n't exactly a new phenomenon either, 
  i have n't compiled any data but neither has the french politician who made this statement . 
  not that you could reliably collect information on this anyway , people who were forced to were stuff would probably deny it when questioned . 
  i 'm pretty sure if someone claims that a significant amount of women are willing slaves the burden of proof does n't fall on me, 
   apparently a racist like kant should not be taught anymore . 
  apparently there was a incident in one class in germany . 
  i have not experienced systematic and widespread hate of kant yet . 
  imagine that , crazy things happen when you have 80 million citizens, 
  most girls nowadays here in germany seem to do it as kind of counter-culture rebellion thing , so neither genuine conviction nor enforced by parents . 
  most of the parents are n't genuinely religious either . 
  so the french characterization here is completely off the mark . 
  yes , obviously . 
  you ca n't even prevent terrorism in dystopian dictatorships and you definitely ca n't prevent every act of violence or terror in a free society . 
  safety is n't the only thing of value , how is this news ? 
  depends on the activity , most are covered by minimum wage nowadays , some exceptions are short internships and apprentices under 18 if i remember correctly . 
  well that does n't make me any less dead if i die in a freak accident , so i do n't understand why i should be less afraid of it . 
  and yes , in free societies terrorist attacks are inevitable , like any other form of violence . 
  there is no absolute safety . 
  will never be the case and has never been the case , get used to it, 
  to improve it , obviously !, 
  yes , there has , http://photos.state.gov/libraries/netherlands/328666/pdfs/thirdreportoftheopcwfactfindingmissioninsyria.pdf  in establishing that chlorine has been used as a weapon , the mission was able to cross-check information available from publicly accessible sources with information that it acquired independently , including video recordings ; these collections of information and data are in harmony with the descriptions and characterisations provided by the interviewed witnesses . 
   many worse than him no , he has easily killed more than 100k of his own citizens . 
  this benevolent dictator meme needs to die . 
  he has used chemical weapons on his own population for gods sake . 
  he 's not lee kuan yew or tito . 
  probably because losing to women in combat might have a bad propaganda effect for them given their chauvinism, 
  yes , it 's simply terror . 
  people have been killing gays and imposing draconian rules on women under hitler and stalin as well . 
  it 's a thousands of years old tool to instil fear in totalitarian societies , fucking over minorities is n't a religious invention, 
  actually . 
  yes . 
  that 's how they recruit soldiers in the west . 
  it 's an easy way to get people on their ` mission ' . mysticism provides a convincing narrative in asymmetric warfare for the materially disadvantaged side . 
  the boxer rebellion made their soldiers believe that they can fly and are immune to bullets in their fights against foreign influence in china . 
  not a lawyer but i 'm pretty sure in most countries people are not obligated to incriminate their close family members . 
  although i 'm not sure how that relates to terrorism . 
  there is no such thing as safety . 
  what i suggest to do is to mourn and move on with our lives . 
  there is no way to prevent terrorism . 
  mourn and move on with our lives and do n't give then the attention that they want . 
  the adamant british attitude was always remarkable given the insane amount of violence . 
  would be good to remember that nowadays, 
  if your argument is analytic and not an emotional rant against religion it is not valid in the current degenerated political climate . 
   the last u.s. troops left iraq on 18 december 2011 us army troops . 
  there 's still private contractors in iraq , often being directly hired by the dod . 
  in other words , mercenaries which is even worse than regular troops , they 've actually outnumbered army numbers since 2007/2008 . 
   the west should start supporting secularist movements in mena asap you do understand though that you can be a secularist and a terrorist right , are you aware how many people the pkk has killed ? 
  this is n't about secularism , it 's about disintegrating states, 
   acknowledge the problem and ** retaliate with necessary force ** to ensure the safety of their citizens and country as a whole . 
  you understand that baiting us into this is the whole point of terrorism , right ? 
  there are like a few thousand potential violent extremists in europe , they will not bring us down through violence , they 're purely fighting a psychological war here . 
  how many asymmetric wars do you want to be pulled in until you figure out that it 's a bad idea ? 
   what 's the political point of executing innocent people by beheading them or burning them alive exercising that they are a sovereign entity and wield political power , la terreur or execution of the kulaks ring a bell ? 
  i did n't blame the entire situation on the us but us foreign policy and nation building has been a giant destabilizer around the world and this is n't only a thing of the last fifteen years . 
  the few bucks that germany or other nations are short of the nato budget are a drop in the bucket compared to the global implications of us-russian dick-fights . 
  i mean we would n't even need the nato at all if it was n't for the cold war . 
  the whole thing exists to keep russia and the united states from turning the world into the set for the next mad max movie, 
  i 'm not sure if you 're trying to troll me but you think it is foolish to assume that people actually read a complete article ? 
  you think the destruction of iraq , the consequent creation of isis and the pressure put on the assad government since 2011 has nothing to do with the syrian civil war and the erosion of nation states in the middle-east ? 
  ah yes , a completely devastated middle-east that caused a humanitarian crisis of unknown proportions for europe because russia and the united states still have n't decided who has bigger balls , amazing stabilities last time i checked the nasty freeloaders at least did n't drag half of the second and third world down the shitter, 
   only half of the info is given at the start of the article . 
  you have to read to the end to get the other part of what he said well the journalists writing the articles usually assume that people read the whole thing . 
  i can see why trump supporters run into problems though , after all not everyone can have the best words to keep you interested, 
  americans chose to have this police war , right ? 
  the british society is n't safe by accident , ` police by consent ' is a choice . 
  if you practically storm every poor neighborhood killing black kids is n't just some random side-effect . 
  seven people in the last eight years according to wikipedia , the point being ? 
  obviously more black people are killed by black people in say gang wars than by police officers , do you think this is a cause for celebration ? 
  that the police literally kills less people than criminal organizations ? 
  in the uk the police has shot something like twenty bullets in the last five years . 
  the british police probably has n't killed 400 people in the last century, 
  so your us employer pays for your health insurance ? 
  that 's obviously okay .
