  there will be no national vote . 
  you do realize that there is a european side to this too , right ? 
  to my knowledge the american congress does not write european law . 
  says enough though that this apparently escaped your consideration . 
  if the us want a trade deal they 're going to get it no matter what , that was my initial point . 
   in 1974 ( the furthest the data goes back ) , median income was $ 5,335 , which in 2013 dollars would be $ 22,729 . 
   in 2013 , median income was $ 27,851 . 
  that is a growth of 22 % * over 40 years * . 
  that is absolutely atrocious , given that the us economy has tripled in size over the same time . 
  hundreds of millions of people have worked to accomplish that and they 're seeing absolutely none of it . 
  not to mention that this is the median . 
  the lowest quintile is completely screwed anyway . 
  but no-one cares because they 're not participating in political or civic life anymore . 
  that 's probably going to turn out great in the long run, 
  that compromises have to be made is a concept that most people understand . 
  what people are not willing to accept is a one sided deal that is forced onto them , erodes previous standards and does n't give them anything . 
  any rational actor would reject such a deal . 
  no one is going to topple a government over a trade-deal . 
  the ` worst ' thing that could happen is that the trade deal does n't go through , which is a perfectly reasonable scenario if the trade deal is n't beneficial to the nation in question . 
  it 's not a matter of state security . 
  please explain to me in clear and concrete terms why a trade deal between two nations needs to be kept secret . 
  what would be compromised if the content of the negotiations would be public ? 
  and please be a little more specific than `` the world is n't black and white '' . 
  that is such a non-sentence that it makes my head hurt . 
  you could formulate it a little less dramatic , but yes . 
  just look at vattenfall vs germany or morrison vs uruguay that i linked above . 
  also if they feel like they 're being treated unfairly they can sue through a german/french/whatever court . 
  they 're pretty good . 
  obviously the kind of shit they intend to sue for would n't fly here , which is the precise reason why they want semi-private , opaque courts in the first place . 
  the only one i 've come across is `` to protect the interests of investors '' which is another way of saying `` this deal will screw you '' . 
  i have n't heard of another reason yet . 
  but feel free to convince me . 
  as long as there is n't any good reason not to , yes . 
  i do n't see why trade deals should be negotiated in private . 
  there is n't really any good reason to not make the information public , besides you know if the public actually gets screwed over by the deal . 
  it really is n't special , that does n't make it better . 
  it 's sad enough that this has become the norm . 
  you did n't really respond to what i wrote at all . 
  the idea of arbitration courts is enough to ditch this thing . 
  primacy of politics is still a thing here . 
  when they are gone we can start talking specifics . 
  the fact that we do n't know anything is reason enough to halt this thing . 
  this is n't a matter of state security , there is no reason to discuss it in secret . 
  public money is at stake here , quite a lot of it actually , so the public is perfectly entitled to get the full picture . 
  it 's very hard to discuss specifics when most information is not available to the public , which is ridiculous enough . 
  also you do n't really need specifics to disregard the idea of private courts . 
  it 's a matter of principle . 
  the law is supposed to be codified , the judges are publicly appointed , the public is supposed to have access etc. . . cases that involve billions of dollars of taxpayer money are not supposed to be debated in secrecy , simple as that . 
  [ i do n't need this in my life ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/philip_morris_v._uruguay ), 
  and that is in what way relevant to what i wrote ? 
  i 'm not pretending that this is n't the case . 
  the state as a representative of its citizens does determine what is acceptable and what is not , that is its job . 
  europe is n't liberland . 
  human rights and human dignity extend far beyond ` material harm ' or property rights and that has been the case for hundreds of years in european jurisprudence so why are you acting like this is scandalous ? 
  flag desecration is illegal in several european countries , `` making fun of religion '' may be hate speech or not , depending on what is being said . 
   this is the distinction between western values ( and frankly , us protections of individual political freedom vs. europe 's ) and islamic notions of jurisprudence . 
  no , this is the distinction between american and european values . 
  hate speech * is not * protected in europe , and people on this sub keep forgetting this which is annoying . 
  you do realize that this is a post about fucking geert wilders right, 
   whether muslims choose to get upset about that is irrelevant under the european conception of human dignity this is simply not true . 
  what matters is that your religious beliefs constitute a core part of your personality and thus are granted special protection . 
  see eu guidelines on religious belief :  a. 
  when critical comments are expressed about religions or beliefs and such expression is perceived by adherents as being so offensive that it may result in violence towards or by adherents , then : o if there is a prima facie case that this expression constitutes hate speech , i.e. 
  falls within the strict scope of article 20 paragraph 2 of the iccpr ( which prohibits any advocacy of religious hatred that constitutes incitement to discrimination , hostility or violence ) , the eu will denounce it , and demand that it be investigated and tried by an independent judge [ source ] ( http://eeas.europa.eu/delegations/fiji/press_corner/all_news/news/2013/eu_guidelines_on_the_promotion_and_protection_of_freedom_of_religion_or_belief_ ( june_24_2013_fac \\ ) . pdf ), 
  it 's an attack on muslims , as you can see because many muslims get very upset about it . 
  theological criticism is an ` attack on islam ' . 
  drawing caricatures of mohammed is nothing else but an attempt to insult people . 
  the distinction makes about as much sense as the whole `` i do n't hate you , i only hate your gayness '' response that homophobic people like to throw around . 
   and drawing mohammed is not an attack against muslims . 
  do n't give me this . 
  obviously it 's an attack on muslims . 
  it 's the most sacred muslim symbol and if you draw a comic of mohammed screwing another guy or whatever you are intentionally insulting a muslim in the worst possible way and you know it . 
  it 's okay if you believe that you have the right to do this but do n't give me the `` it 's just a joke lol '' crap . 
  you 're intentionally trying to spread hatred . 
  if i 'd burn an american flag in front of a lot of americans it 's not like i just burned a random piece of cloth . 
  the message is `` i hate everything you are , please get out of my face '' , do n't act like this is n't a big deal . 
  fptp has certain advantages . 
  you get strong centrist majorities that are able to govern , while extremists usually do more poorly than they would in proportional systems . 
  we have seen in several countries in europe now that radical parties can hold the political system hostage , that 's nothing i 'm particularly envious of . 
  this sounds like something neal stephenson came up with, 
  there 's a lot of valid criticism when it comes to germany 's position regarding the currency union , but that is n't the topic of the thread so please do n't intentionally convolute everything . 
  it makes responding in a coherent way impossible . 
  regarding foreign politics : germany is a country that is trapped between a geopolitical rock and a hard place . 
  this is n't about brainless appeasement but about compromise between two fronts which are utterly unable to understand each other . 
  we have to live with both the us&uk and russia . 
  we ca n't chose sides because we are one of the few countries that both fronts still have some kind of trust in . 
  being able to compromise is n't a weakness . 
  it would be a relieve if us foreign policy could understand this and stop the hawkish black and white cold war crap . 
  if we ignore russia they 're going to take what they want by force . 
  not good for any eastern european country . 
  if we ignore the us we 're losing our strongest ally . 
  both things are vital and giving up one of them would be disastrous . 
  also it is weird that you 're portraying the german position as a minority view . 
  france and most southern european countries seem to hold very similar positions . 
  given the last sentence i assume that you hail from the us , and unlike you guys we actually have to live with the fallout of our foreign policy . 
  i 'll concede that schr\u00f6der is a pretty terrible person though, 
  he knows that the bigger european countries are opposed to nato enlargement , so creating friction by scaring sweden a bit makes quite a lot of sense . 
  it becomes clear what it means when you look at how it interacts with other laws , and it is a very important concept on the european level as well as on the national level . 
  it is pretty much the only right that ca n't be diminished or taken away , in germany it is the first and arguably only fundamental right . 
  [ some examples ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dignity#germany )  if at no point the term becomes defined with a concrete meaning , it seems very difficult to give it legal meaning with much force .
