  in case you 're confused the central figure of christianity is christ ( hence the name ) and that dude was n't european . 
  that the pope is not playing crusader is a good thing for every christian on this planet, 
  you are laughing but i 've literally heard this from a number of swiss people . 
  [ we 're their wage slaves ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/german-immigrants-in-switzerland-cause-cultural-backlash/a-15143982 )  `` i sometimes feel like a foreigner in my own country , '' said heidi kost , a 61-year-old teacher from the zurich area . 
  `` this is n't a repudiation of foreigner workers in our country , but rather a question of the quantity , '' she added . 
  `` the basic problem is not with germans , but rather more with the sheer number of foreigners who live in our country . '', 
   there would be a wall around our country we actually tried that out , turned out it was pretty terrible, 
  yeah sure but the country still has the industrial and educational basis to modernize and innovate , it 's not like sa or something and just sits on a pot of gold , that 's just not a fair characterization . 
  russia is dependent on oil at the moment and the government has failed to diversify the economy but they also potentially have the human capital . 
  they 've the highest amount of tertiary education on the continent ( one good relic of the soviet union for a change ) and they 'd definitely be able to get other economical sectors going if they 'd open the country up in an orderly fashion . 
  the audience still acted ridiculous . 
  if you buy a ticket you 're responsible to know what you 're in for . 
  leave for all i care but disturbing the performance is idiotic, 
  i always have problems with the non-coastal states because they 're all shaped so equally . 
  i 've tried that once a few years ago just out of interest and the result was absolutely horrible, 
  i think that joke is way too clever for a hippo, 
  i got exactly what i expected, 
  we just tried to make great lakes again . 
  or lakes great again . 
  or great lakes great again . 
  whatever, 
  that 's why the title says ` stronger ' and not ` more ' . 
  and what has that to do with the modern sentiment of `` extreme americanism '' ? 
  these kinds of phrases today are being thrown around by people who break out in hives as soon as they hear the words ` free trade agreement ' . 
  there 's not much rational discourse to it , most of it is conspiracy theory . 
  not banning a party for political reasons is not the right way either . 
  the question is very simple . 
  is the npd an anti-democratic party , in violation of our constitution ? 
  if the answer to that question is yes then the party deserves to be banned no matter what the political consequences of this are . 
  the constitutional court is n't supposed to make political decisions . 
  they just understood that doing reasonable things is better than pandering to the lowest common denominator of their respective voter bases , and since then germany has been doing very well, 
  nothing really , it 's a random thing thrown at people that do n't have weird anti-american feelings . 
  this wo n't reduce the numbers to zero and it will take years . 
  you can not keep hundreds of thousands people annually in greece , the country is close to being dysfunctional already . 
  as long as the numbers are high there needs to be a system to distribute the people fairly . 
  and as i said in my last post , outer border security is consensus . 
  nobody else has a * european * solution . 
  protecting european borders is consensus including merkel , but for the people that make it here regardless and who have legitimate claim on asylum which still is hundreds of thousands annually there needs to be a european mechanism . 
  in that regard nobody except merkel has even proposed anything . 
  dublin is unworkable , the border states can not stomach it alone . 
  what is altmaier supposed to do , eat the refugees ? 
  merkel will easily run for a fourth term . 
  she 's the most capable person in the whole party by far . 
  sch\u00e4uble is a thousand years old and von der leyen and de maziere are just bureaucrats without personality . 
  the people that come to greece over the mediterranean , who are refugees from iraq or afghanistan or syria will not be slowed down by a lack of incentives , and it 's way too many people for greece to handle . 
  there needs to be a common european solution that will require every european country to take in some proportional amount of people . 
  europe as a whole with 500 mil . 
  citizens can stomach a million refugees per year that 's not even 0.2 % of the population , this would n't even be a crisis if we had cooperation . 
  germany and sweden ca n't do it alone . 
  we ca n't close 40k kilometers of maritime sea borders , that 's not a solution it 's putting your head in the sand . 
  the solution would have been a quota system that the countries that need edit the most rejected . 
  i think we need a federal state first before we actually get a president , or at least a parliament that can push binding majority decisions . 
  you 're putting the cart in front of the horse here, 
  it 's called the democratic process , what does `` someone taking control '' mean ? 
  someone just declares themselves great emperor of the european union ? 
  i 'm not saying that we should blame their parents , i am saying they should give other people the same chance their parents received . 
  from your article , under `` limits '' :  proselytism is considered inappropriate , disrespectful , and offensive by some individuals . 
  as such , it is not protected in certain environments open to the public or are owned privately : government buildings , public education ( grade schools and college campuses ) , the workplace and private properties like ones ' home or front yard . 
  these environments , due to either their openness or privacy , are often where proselytism takes place and can come from a variety of sources depending on the environment ( e.g. , students or teachers in schools and colleges , coworkers or employers , office workers , family members , or neighbors in a community ), 
  do you have trouble with some occasional fascist invading ? 
  it is great fun and gets the blood flowing !, 
  ( literally and figuratively ), 
  yes , the uk has hate speech laws ( in this case religious harassment ) . 
  you ca n't just go into a church and insult people there . 
  that 's a good thing . 
  religious freedom is a right , proselytisation is n't . 
  a prayer room is most likely private property . 
  in that case this is n't even a free speech issue . 
  stop repeating the hurt feelings memes and use your head . 
  you are not allowed to enter any religious building you want and plaster them with whatever you consider to be reasonable . 
  free speech does n't mean people have to provide you a platform or that you can enter any place you like or protest in designated places of worship . 
   actually , hate speech laws in the uk meant that someone was found guilty of leaving an anti-religion cartoon in a prayer room , and a evangelist was fined for a placard saying homosexuality should be stopped . 
  not exactly `` kill all the jews '' , which would presumably fall under older laws against inciting violence . 
  sounds reasonable . 
  what is a guy with an anti-religious comic doing in a prayer room despite stopping people from exercising their right to practice their religion and why should we tolerate propaganda against homosexuals ? 
  yes ... 
  i do . 
  because that 's literally what the thread is about ? 
  i assumed we were talking about germany to begin with, 
  we actually need tons of workers ( [ 500k per year until 2050 ] ( https://www.bertelsmann-stiftung.de/fileadmin/files/bst/publikationen/grauepublikationen/studie_ib_zuwanderungsbedarf_aus_drittstaaten_in_deutschland_bis_2050_2015.pdf ) to fill labour shortage ) , apart from that refugee aid is humanitarian in nature , not primarily economical . 
  many immigrants that are now complaining have parents that got a carte blanche invitation as part of the guest worker program in the 60 's . 
  many cubans in the us that have strong anti-cuban tendencies like cruz have parents who basically came to the us as ` economic refugees ' . 
  they are unwilling to give the current refugees the same trust in advance that society gave their parents . 
  the only thing that this showcases is that people think that they 're the hero of their own story and that everybody else is a slacker . 
  it 's pretty deplorable really . 
  what is the distinction between putin as an `` operator '' and his politics again ? 
  he says he admires his strength but does not defend the annexation ? 
  the annexation * is * what russians consider to be putin 's strength . 
  the dissidents are in prison because of putin 's strength and machismo and disrespect for the state of law . 
  it 's just silly rhetoric from farage . 
  the proper solution was a quota system , which was rejected by the countries that would have needed it the most . 
  [ we 're living idiocracy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgunpmprxva ), 
  yeah bombing the shit out of iraq and killing over a 100k civilians is more than just a slip up mate . 
  that 's kind of the point . 
  we have become fucking numb to the crap we 're pulling while pointing the finger at everybody else . 
  when the ` war on terror ' started ` jihadist terror ' was limited to a specific region in afghanistan . 
  now it 's a global phenomenon because it has grown every time we 've been hitting it with a hammer . 
  we 're simply reaping what we sowed . 
  does modern humanism take the wars we 've routinely waged and are waging on all kinds of parts of the world as ` the west ' into consideration ? 
  like france being practically involved in every second african country and the uk arming the sauds to the teeth while they 're bombing the shit out of yemen ?
