  well sure i 'll let them do it , i ca n't do shit about it but i can voice my opinion , which in contrast to their political agenda is largely founded in the experiences people have made with government of their kind in turkey , russia , hungary and other actors in the `` boohoo liberalism '' camp . 
  if you value your civil liberties , something france has fought very hard for in her past , you ca n't elect these people . 
   i dint see why they should be blamed for anything well because it 's ridiculous and it will ruin their country and drive them into ecnomic recession even further just like you know in ... russia . 
  or do you think the current russian mode of government looks like a success story ? 
  there 's quite some evidence though that religious activity is connected to lower suicide rates and it 's more pronounced among catholics than among protestants . 
  ( that last part is n't from the study but i remember reading it somewhere else ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc4149292/  as the findings appear to support the idea that attending church events is protective against suicidal ideation , in appropriate situations , mental health practitioners should consider using culturally sensitive approaches to disseminate this information and engage their clients in discussions about involvement in church activities . 
  by understanding the potential protective power of external religiosity , religious organizations of all faiths can consider ways to increase their exposure to individuals and families within the community . 
  in addition , as the parent -- child relationship was an important protective factor against suicidal ideation , parents should find ways to combine the protective influences of religion and the parent -- child relationship . 
  for example , possible strategies may include attending church and religious activities together , and serving together in the church . 
  i am sorry that the she did n't literally jump on a horse and conquered moscow , which is apparently the only thing that could satisfy our eastern european member states . 
   the iraqi central government is n't really worthy listening to , as they abandoned everyone to there fates , when there military ran away from isis last year . 
  which is a somewhat hilarious statement given the fact that we , as in the west , were the ones putting them there because some people apparently thought it was a good idea to alienate a highly trained and combat experienced military , who now constitute a significant part of the isis command structure . 
  in the context of isis it 's also always a good reminder that those guys are ba'athists , a secular nationalist pan arabian movement that resembles european fascism of the early 20th century to a scary degree , way more than it resembles historic islamic entities like the ottoman empire . 
  your source refers to literacy , not functional literacy , which is what i was talking about in my post . 
  i do n't see why the former is especially relevant , given that the latter is practically a requirement for almost any job anyway . 
  german source from 2011 : http://www.zeit.de/gesellschaft/2011-02/bildung-analphabetismus-studie according to [ this eu wide study in 2012 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/education/library/reports/literacy_en.pdf ) about 73 million people in the european union do not have sufficient literacy levels to `` cope with the daily requirements of personal , social , and economic life . '', 
  if by literacy level you refer to functional literacy you are quite wrong . 
  about 10-15 % of the population in the developed world are functional analphabets . 
  http://www.statisticbrain.com/number-of-american-adults-who-cant-read/ given the fact that the people in syria who are analphabets probably did not have / barely had access to education at all i find that number actually quite respectable . 
  ( which should n't surprise because syria is a rather educated country ) i find it more concerning that 300.000 people in berlin apparently can not comprehend a basic text . 
  oh sorry , please educate me about the great wisdoms of a man who shot himself in the head * in a fucking christian cathedral * . 
  i am willing to be educated about this misunderstood individual . 
  yes , the trust in democratic institutions is generally low in east germany and extremists have an easier time of gaining traction . 
  interestingly the afd has gained substantial support from ` die linke ' , proportionally much more than from any other party . 
  the german left ( as in actual left , not liberal ) is n't really humanist or democratic but largely a populist party . 
  they are a very healthy family . 
  yes , bigotry has been known to trump self-interest regularly , i 'm aware , and gay people can be bigots as well . 
  i just do n't know how much houellebecq you need to read to actually believe that muslims , who will never run a political platform in the foreseeable future , are a bigger threat to your civil rights than the fn who might actually overturn gay marriage once in power . 
  they are afraid of things they do n't know and project their own problems onto them , same in germany . 
  east germany has practically no muslim population ( 98 % of german muslims live in the west ) but the afd has insane success there . 
  just like when le pen declared sympathy with the nutjob who blew his brains out in the notre dame to protest against gay rights . 
  a true defender of liberal values lol . 
  how much mental effort does this self delusion take ? 
  i 'm somewhat afraid that this might summon a draugr if i read it out aloud, 
  this religion does n't even have a wikipedia entry , how am i supposed to learn their teachings ? 
  my sumerian is a little rusty . 
  that book has some of the weirdest geopolitical predictions i have ever seen . 
  attacking the americans on thanksgiving during their yearly food coma seems like a smart move though, 
  well it 's not working for me , anyway how is * one * group of feminists in new york city representative for a significant amount of feminists ? 
  there seems to be quite literally no other group of feminists around that holds this view , i 've never heard of this before . 
  this sounds like saying all feminists are terfs . 
  that link is n't working for me , also that specific organisation seems to be only representing some feminists in new york . 
  i 'd like a source for the statement that a of feminists routinely oppose shared parenting , when i google that the only thing i find are ` male rights ' advocacy websites, 
  what has a random thing happening in canada to do with feminism in general and more specifically with feminism in europe ? 
  i have quite some feminists at my university , they seem to be perfectly normal people, 
  today on r/europe : feminism caused breivik 's attack , coming from the same people that deny any collective responsibility when it comes to any other form of terror, 
  it is outside of reddit ( for the most part ), 
  the secret is to absorb the lifeforce of underaged girls !, 
  i think it 's quite a stretch to interpret pan-slavism and pan-arabism as based on ` blood ' rather than a set of cultural and social values , especially in the arabic world , where most conflicts are being fought along religious or national lines and ethnic differences where never that big of a deal . 
  pan-arabism for example started out as a unifying secular and socialist movement . 
  it clearly had political goals instead of being focused around ancestry . 
   it 's not an authoritarian government , rather the media that are ideologically opposed to the newly elected party , describe it this way . 
  everything takes places in a democratic framework that sounds like what russian people say when they talk about the fifth column inside their country and the liberal media betraying them . 
  i do n't know why so many polish people do n't like the russian 's , given their election choices they seem like optimal partners, 
  well both . 
  it started as a bourgeois revolution against the monarchy but became more proletarian over time . 
  the abolition of feudalism , rights of man , strive towards republicanism and so on give it an egalitarian bend . 
  it definitely had the character of mass mobilization of the broad population ( which in the context above is what it has in common with fascism ) in contrast to a ruler that keeps the population passive which was the norm under old authoritarian government . 
  no , you should just actually read her position sincerely instead of reading telegraph headlines . 
  the official line was always that there is no limit to accept people who rightly apply for asylum , but the rejection rate for people coming here for different reasons is practically at 99 % . 
  the `` germany excepts everybody !!, 
  ! omg '' narrative is a reddit fantasy . 
  at least in terms of fighting ethnic hate , which is something that has and is still plaguing eastern europe and especially the balkans , ` together stronk ' is mostly true . 
  i mean it 's the same idea that the european union has , there 's nothing inherently offensive about it . 
  i know that separatism and nationalism are very hip again , traditionally it has n't done much good on the continent though . 
  you say that like it 's a bad thing , i 'd love me some fancy dinosaurs, 
  it 's not really accurate to equate stalinism or communism to nazism or fascism . 
  fascism is an ideology grounded in proletarian syndicalist movements in italy and combines corporatist with nationalist and militant ideology . 
  it 's an ideology coming out of an ` industrialized vanguard ' . 
  these institutions have never existed in russia before the revolution took hold and communism was established . 
  and although it is true that the soviet union moved towards `` socialism in one country '' , a nationalist ideology , it did so only contingently . 
  communism is in principle not limited to race or nationality . 
  in fascism on the other hand these * v\u00f6lkisch * ideas about the ` national struggle ' are at the core of the belief system . 
  there is not much common ground except from the fact that they are both working class revolutionary movements , but this could as well be said about the french revolution . 
  germany 's national socialism was a form of fascism as well , independent of russian propaganda . 
  fascism is n't limited to italy . 
  yes , and that is a good thing because we need inflation . 
  well french * la\u00efcit\u00e9 * goes quite a lot further than secularism in most other european countries and i do n't think it makes things easier , for example the fact that france has no statistics about religion at all is n't really helping , and publicly educating religious teachers would probably stir up some criticism as well . 
  the traditional french idea that the moment you leave your house you are french first and foremost is something i can identify with personally but it is n't really up to the task anymore . 
  people want to incorporate their personal beliefs more and make more individual choices and i think the french system needs to move towards that . 
  the current system has become to static and i think it 's safe to say that just removing religion from the public sphere has not stopped the creation of parallel societies , it has only moved the problem out of the vision . 
  more proactive things need to be done to stop radicalization . 
   and introduce counter radicalisation , that is very important . 
  what needs to happen is that france ( and other european countries ) needs to produce more imams in france that are educated in french universities and teach a curriculum compatible with the law and national values . 
  the biggest problem here is probably france 's laicism which takes a repressive rather than inclusive stance towards religion . 
  i 'd prefer the austrian model of completely cutting off foreign funding and funding religious education publicly . 
  repressive measures alone like closing mosques will not solve the problem , there needs to be an alternative . 
   russia starts bombing isis and turkey are issuing a warning for them to not violate their airspace . 
  this is a largely wrong statement . 
  the overwhelming majority of russian targets are anti-assad rebel groups . 
  the lines in this conflict are not rebels - isis / assad but largely rebels / assad - isis . 
  you got that mixed up , it is more of an issue of police state and thought emergency, 
  no , that 's exactly what happens . 
  if no lawful heir is found the property , intellectual or physical , is transferred to the state . 
  the state is a legitimate heir like everybody else , it just happens to be at the bottom of the list . 
  the only exception is that the state does not inherit debt . 
  it 's essentially a 50 % compromise between fptp and direct mandate . 
  this is the case due to the financial crisis , an exogenous shock , which affected almost all developed countries globally in the exact same way . 
  the dip between 2008 and 2015 is not a very good choice to criticise swedish domestic policies . 
  i 'm not so sure if the french position especially singled out belgium , but when hollande repeatedly addressed the nation he clearly put the focus on two things , daesh and the border , and that is very wrong .
