  the economy exists to support the society , not the other way around . 
  we have sex ed in school yes . 
  educating teenagers is not the same as handing out monetary incentives though . 
  giving young adults knowledge about the consequences of pregnancy is n't a regulation or control . 
  i do n't think there 's any policies that discourage teen pregnancies, 
   nazi for proposing help for people to have 1-3 kids ? 
  the government has no place in reproductive control , that 's scary shit . 
  and the inbred afd electorate is the last demographic we need to sponsor, 
  china is one of the fastest growing renewable energy producers . 
  so yes it makes sense . 
  they 're not only long-term goals . 
  becoming a leader in a sector like renewable energy creates huge market opportunities in the short and mid-term and secures lots of well paying jobs . 
   i understand hijab but no one can convince me that women wear burka fully willingly . 
  no offence but the law does n't exist to satisfy your taste in clothing or reaffirm your beliefs . 
  if someone is forced to wear a burqa the crime in question is forcing someone to wear a burqa , not the burqa itself . 
  if that crime ca n't be proven , then that 's how it is . 
  the law is not a club for you to hammer away at people whose customs you do n't like , it 's not some cheap means to social engineering ends . 
  i am a registered social democrat and i will admit that i do n't know any person in the party i 'd like to see as chancellor . 
  steinmeier maybe but i do n't think he 's even that interested in the position . 
  but there 's simply no other person with the political acumen of merkel . 
  also she scored a lot of points in my book for handling the refugee situation the way she did instead of giving in to the right-wing faction of the party . 
  in what world is national socialism categorised as a religion ? 
  we 're talking about a fucking wetsuit with a bathing cap . 
  these women just want to adhere to their religion , stop interpreting stuff into it just because you do n't like their beliefs . 
  if they found the sharia party fine , ban it , until then they have n't done anything wrong . 
  the teenager / adult thing is a religious social taboo , not some rational harm calculus . 
  it 's not even clear whether a relationship between say a 16 and 20 year old is inherently more risky or harmful than a relationship between two fourteen year old 's . 
  hence why many countries have vastly different legislation depending on how dogmatic they approach the topic , even within europe . 
  also even if it would follow some risk assessment , it would still be the wrong way to go about it . 
  you just ca n't really talk about it because some people in 70 's and 80 's politics went really nuts on the topic so nowadays everybody sounds like a pedo if you talk about reforming it . 
  and sure , banning marijuana is shitty . 
  just like banning burqas . 
  there 's lots of things that are banned for no good reason apart from some apparent threat to the ` social welfare ' , which means whatever people in power consider to be in bad taste . 
  i thought we were talking about adult-child relationships , because sex between minors is n't actually outlawed , precisely because we 're not going to ban sex just because it can be risky or coercive . 
  so i do n't see how this is relevant . 
  and of course i care about the practical difficulties . 
  but i acknowledge that i live in a state of law where individual rights matter . 
  if a crime ca n't be proven that 's how it is . 
  i 'm not going to tolerate infringement on personal freedoms because those freedoms come with risk . 
  every meaningful interaction between humans enables potential abuse . 
  that 's how life in a free society works , get used to it . 
  freedom supersedes security , that 's what living in a liberal democracy means . 
  the right thing to do would be to punish military officers that do coerce their subordinates , not outlaw sex . 
  we 're not animals and the law does n't exist to pacify us , it exists to punish criminal behavior , not a piece of cloth or a sexual act . 
  the comparison to age of consent is misleading because we 've come to the conclusion that children can in principle never enter into a consensual sexual relationship . 
  if there is a problem with something , new laws will be drafted to try to solve the problem . 
  laws exist to punish criminals , they 're not a tool for social engineering purposes . 
  `` i do n't like something , let 's make a law '' is not ` pretty liberal ' , it 's at best misguided and foolish and at worst malicious and totalitarian . 
  like honestly , stop calling yourself liberal . 
  in what way are they more lazy ? 
  have you taken a look how much time people spent in tertiary education twenty or thirty years ago ? 
  young grads are entering the labour market today in their early to mid twenties . 
  everybody 's parents were still chaining themselves to fishing boats and smoking pot all day the situation in greece and spain is n't really comparable because they 're not lazy , they just live in a fucked up economy . 
  that 's hardly their fault . 
  the number of people who are legitimately ` lazy ' is probably fairly low . 
  this kind of stuff did n't exist in the post war era because most families simply were not wealthy enough to tolerate a young adult without income . 
   serbs , who were the good guys in the yugoslavia mess wait , have you forgotten srebrenica ? 
  can you define ` good guys ' please ? 
  the influence of the economy on policy is n't soft , it actually ca n't be overstated . 
  there 's nothing that influences your political , as well as your personal sovereignty more than your surrounding economic conditions . 
  in fact it 's much more relevant than many actual political institutions . 
  that 's why autocrats love to keep a hand on the economy . 
  of course it does , because those companies are going to influence policy in a way that 's beneficial to them . 
  there 's a reason the russian and chinese state keep a hand on over half of the economy . 
  for them everybody who is n't on team isis is a * kafir * and free game . 
  it really makes no difference in the context of this discussion . 
  syrian immigrants do n't turn into middle class citizens over night . 
  also most syrian refugees do n't possess the edudcation to participate in the middle-class economy anyway given that quite a lot of them are not even twenty years old , do n't speak german and do n't have a tertiary education . 
  also isis kills indiscriminately , as does the assad regime . 
  from my point of view nothing , but handing british companies over to foreign investors is a net loss of sovereignty , which was exactly what the campaign wanted to avoid, 
  the guy is essentially a softcore stalinist . 
  very sensible / s, 
   capital using a mass of foreign unskilled labor to crush the middle class and petit-bourgeois ? 
  i do n't really know why it would matter what marx would think but the statement you 're displaying here makes little sense . 
  capitalists would n't want to crush the middle class because capitalists like the middle class and petit-bourgeois , they 're great supporters of the capitalist project and marxists do n't like them . 
  as long as you 're not a stalinist or something refugees ought to be seen as a helpful force in a fight against the capitalist state because they share the same social realities that the working class does , given that they largely * are * the working class of this planet . 
  we 've had our fair share of socialists forming unholy alliances with the state . 
  always turned out to be a shitshow , see german social democrats pre wwi . 
  actually a fairly important point , cancer is a highly preventable disease . 
  way too many people act like they 're either destined to get cancer or are lucky . 
  reduce weight , eat much fruit , cut down on the red meat and alcohol and cigarettes folks, 
  i think the most ironic thing about this is that a campaign that was centred around the idea of ` sovereignty ' now has to deal with a situation in which foreign conglomerates are eager to buy up british companies ( see softbanks acquisition of arm ) and rich russian tourists come to spend their holiday in the uk . 
  a weak currency is n't exactly doing wonders for your self-determination, 
  well do six hours of house work every day , come back after two weeks and tell me that you want to do this until you die and 'll change my opinion it 's disastrous for the single reason alone that you 're out of the labour market and/or education for years and you 're financially dependable on your spouse . 
  given that almost half of all marriages end in divorce this is not a good situation to be in . 
  yeah sure , but nobody actually wants to do this all the time , it sucks . 
  people need to stop pushing the idea that a significant amount of women actually like to do this . 
  it 's untrue . 
  if it calms you , i 'm a math postgrad and i think that gender studies and other social sciences are a perfectly relevant and important research field . 
  the anxiety seems to be particular strong among college dropouts in their parent 's basement . 
  also because nobody actually wants to sit at home all day doing laborious housework , if it 's really so great why is their a gender gap in the first place ? 
  that 's a pretty ridiculous stance to take , supporting erdogan in germany does n't mean you have to leave the country . 
  to live in germany you need to respect the law , not pass a political purity test . 
  i 've we 'd throw every putin supporter out a third of the country would be empty, 
  i do n't know if you 're looking at an old translation of the paragraph , but penetration currently is n't mentioned in the law . 
  you are a voice of sanity in this thread, 
   what happened to good-old merit and qualifications ? 
  it never actually existed in any corporate setting . 
  if you 're buying into this meme you 're one of the reasons why people are thinking that quotas are necessary, 
  of course i am .
