  it happens quite frequently and is pretty much just political taunting . 
  macedonia ? 
  did you respond to the right guy ? 
  by austerity i mean cutting spending during economic recession . 
  there is economic consensus that it is not working . 
  that 's unlikely . 
  our insistence on austerity politics and our giant trade surplus are large contributors to the situation europe currently is in . 
  this is typical political bickering by bringing in vague proposals that certain countries will refuse for geopolitical reasons . 
  [ happens all the time ] ( http://www.commondreams.org/sites/default/files/media/twitter_cropped.jpg ), 
  nicely said , now please tell me why , your post literally only contains a claim , not an argument, 
  it 's just an oriental looking guy with a a fucking bomb for a turban . 
  what is this supposed to tell me other than `` hey look muslims are terrorists '', 
  the problem with krugman is that he also writes like he is the supreme ruler of europe who can implement policies at his will . 
  what he says is a very simple truth . 
  spending = growth , austerity = decline . 
  every accountant knows that . 
  what krugman does not need to do is get german , polish or dutch votes . 
  his analysis disregards political realities completely . 
  `` just make a transfer union , cut debt , who cares '' works great on paper , it does n't work if you have constituents you have to think about . 
  economists tend to be upset a lot that policy makers do n't listen to them , but it 's really a fact that no politician in the whole eurozone could even implement half of what krugman advocates without breaking several treaties and committing political suicide . 
  it 's pretty much the same , you simply like muslims less than greeks . 
  if that shitpost qualifies as a political cartoon my dickdrawings in highschool make me a professional cartoonist . 
  uhh , not solely . 
  people also might move to another country because they like the culture and want to live there . 
  obviously they ought to get a job but they 're not just working expats . 
  they did these tests in germany , too . 
  same cv 's but foreign sounding names . 
  there is an insane amount of racism happening in the hiring process . 
   it was always going to be the case that germany and a few others benefited massively at the expense of the weaker nations . 
  which germans are going to vote to end that ? 
  * some * germans benefited . 
  top earners , shareholders , maybe workers in the industries . 
  public sector employees do n't . 
  the service sector really did n't . 
  the majority of people are not profiting from the mercantilist dogma that we have going on here . 
  we may see podemos in spain next election , maybe fn in france . 
  radical parties are winning elections in big european countries . 
  where you have to start with your analysis is understanding that what we are doing now is n't working . 
  people from spain or portugal seek jobs in latin-america . 
  this is just ridiculous . 
  unemployment is through the roof . 
  we ca n't continue with what we 're doing . 
  and yes , obviously the rich need to pay for the poor . 
  the poor ca n't pay anymore , they 've been leeched dry . 
  it 's not an ideological position , it 's simply the only pragmatical way to restore the european project . 
  we 're seeing a surge of anti-european parties right now * under the current policies * . 
  this is not a threat if we change our course , it 's something that 's already happening . 
   you would need to consider the response of the other crisis states ( italy , spain , portugal ) , because you can not forgive their debt as well why ? 
  i think we ought to propose a complete debt renegotiation on the european continent . 
  we practically have no growth on this continent . 
  we can choose to follow through with what we did over the last 5 years and slowly kill off the political project , or we can make some changes . 
  this is slowly happening in southern europe because we 're breeding millions of disenfranchised young people who do n't have a perspective . 
  the lethargic waiting strategy that the northern european countries employ is n't working . 
  greece got the deal together with austerity measures that drove the debt right up again , germany got a marshall plan . 
  so how is this comparable at all ? 
  i absolutely hate the focus on `` fault '' or `` guilt '' . 
  ( kind of funny that the german language does n't actually differentiate ` guilt ' and ` debt ' ) . 
  as [ piketty pointed out a few days ago in an interview ] ( http://www.marketwatch.com/story/thomas-piketty-slams-germany-for-stance-on-greek-debt-2015-07-06 ) , if we would n't have had the london debt conference in 1963 we germans would be paying off debts until the space age . 
  i 'd like to remind my fellow german redditors that we are probably the biggest experts when it comes to not paying our debt on this planet . 
  holding lengthy talks about responsibility is absolutely silly when you have at least some historical perspective . 
  political decisions need to be made for the future , we ca n't punish young greeks for the mistakes their parents made . 
  if people would have done the same thing to us the country would look a lot different . 
  not only . 
  creative destruction is the process of new branches of the economy rapidly replacing old ones and capital moving from one place to another leaving some places in desolation while others start to grow rapidly , but it 's also about how capital shapes the geography , culture and so on . 
  now war as the result of economic depression or because of economic interest probably is a very extreme form of the same process . 
  if countries follow capital around the world with their armies to replace other nation 's sovereign governments and pretty much occupy them to exploit their resources , get the most profit out of them , how is that not part of a very similar process ? 
  but why should we start a race to the bottom ? 
  are the workers of all european nations supposed to adopt the living standards of the poorest nation ? 
  why do n't we take greece as an example and increase living standards for citizens across europe ? 
  `` prosperity for all '' was once a guiding line of ludwig erhard , a conservative chancellor and consensus in germany . 
  saying this today will get you labeled as a socialist . 
  it 's scary how far we 've moved away from european founding principles . 
  but they are . 
  for the same reasons managers in big corporations exist . 
  they organize the business , set strategic goals , organize communication between experts and help making everything work . 
  every sufficiently complex organisation needs bureaucrats . 
  if you want to challenge that claim show me one example of a company or state that works without them . 
  math is n't an empirical or even scientific field , neither are legal studies , literature or philosophy ( for the most part ) . 
  universities teach more than science . 
  it actually did collapse about half a dozen times since then and created some nasty wars in the process , which you really should remember . 
  actually it 's not only a byproduct but the actual driving engine of capitalism , which schumpeter already figured out 60 years ago . 
  you claimed that varoufakis demanded unreasonable stuff and acted irrationally and then quit , and i responded as to why that is not the case . 
  he probably quit because he sees no reason to talk to people who intentionally stonewall him for ideological reasons . 
  maybe the other ministers should start looking at the situation rationally and stop proposing solutions to the greek government that it ca n't possibly fulfill just to try to oust a government they do n't like . 
  v : `` hey you know we need debt restructuring , the imf actually supports this and in no imaginable way we can go back to our constituents with more austerity and no debt relief '' european institutions : `` hmm okay , nope we wo n't discuss debt restructuring , but how about some horizontal pension cuts and some more vats ? '', 
  [ but i guess the european institutions were just too busy blocking reasonable policy advice ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/07/03/us-eurozone-greece-imf-iduskcn0pd20120150703 ) while figuring out how we can get back to the ` greece is stealing our euromonies ' narrative, 
  i get the joke but there 's a serious point in there . 
  greece is n't self-sufficient . 
  flipping the finger to everybody and `` we 'll do it ourselves '' does n't sound like a great idea . 
  i 'm really curious as to how greece wants to proceed now . 
  i ca n't quite tell if that 's just a witty remark or if you think that going back to some kind of agrarian protectionist society is a reasonable thing to do, 
  i do n't know if there is a specific legal process to expell a country form the eurozone , but the eurozone obviously could declare a new currency zone minus greece and without access to the institutions they 'd be de-facto out anyway . 
  they sure can , but they 'll not be able to serve debt with a devaluated currency if they ca n't even serve the debt in euro . 
  also issuing an own currency violates european treaties , so they 'd probably be thrown out of the eurozone . 
  [ only denmark and the uk have opted out of the treaties to maintain an independent currency . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/currencies_of_the_european_union ), 
   care to explain why you think so ? 
  because greece then has the alternative to print their own currency and finance themselves . 
  the only reason they have buckled down is because they do not have the option to print money . 
  they will not be dependent on esm mechanisms if they establish a national bank .
