  again , the situation is only sustainable for southern europe because germany , sweden and some other states take up a very large amount of refugees . 
  we could simply declare it a matter of national sovereignty and act like we 're a great switzerland , but we chose not to do that . 
  the eu is n't just a voluntary union , it is a political union , power is transferred to it by its member states . 
  we do n't ask the german citizens every time we support other member states with billions of dollars and we expect the same basic solidarity in a political union from others . 
  then we close our borders and the eu-border nations are stuck with hundreds of thousands of refugees and their dysfunctional economies . 
  not many people come here over the north sea . 
  can you please explain to me rationally how that is in your self-interest ? 
  feels bad when people think about you in stereotypes does n't it, 
  nobody will , that is why ukraine needs to find a political solution with russia or they wo n't have an economy left . 
  people often say this about rural life as if the poverty and lack of basic necessities is inevitable but i do n't think it is , it 's just that our governments have somehow given up of on the idea of keeping rural communities flourishing which truly is a shame . 
  if trading with russia alone is a sign of support for the violence in donbass , then ukraine whose biggest trading partner happens to be russia must be her strongest ally making up a third of ukraine 's trade , eclipsing the second largest trading partner china by a factor of five . 
  nations need resources and trade , russia happens to have them , welcome to reality, 
  there are many reasons for the syrian civil war , with russia blocking random un resolutions being relatively far down the list . 
   so why would he specifically invoke immigration as the reason for increasing taxes if it has nothing to do with it ? 
  because tax raises have become widely unpopular , so using a humanitarian crisis as pretext seems like a reasonable idea . 
  not that i 'd have a problem if his statement is actually true , tax money has been spend on worse things than helping the poor . 
  so as long as you do n't get your will a deal is not reasonable ? 
  eastern europe really has turned into the equivalent of an entitled child . 
  get all the benefits and non of the responsibilities . 
  yep that shit does n't fly and i 'm glad that our government is pressing on these issues . 
  the proposal for a quota based system that takes economic situation , population , living situation and such into account is on the table . 
  based on these criteria we can distribute refugees proportionally , it 's a reasonable proposal , but several countries are blocking it , including eastern european ones . 
  germany is the biggest country in the european union , it is the biggest net contributor , and we are n't demanding anybody to follow us into some kind of jingoistic adventure , we are calling for solidarity and humanitarianism , the founding principles of the european union . 
  if you do n't value these things , get out or do n't expect us to further pay anybody 's bills . 
  and yes , making politics on the back of the weak is savage , it 's barbarian and it 's uncivilized , it 's the worst possible way to handle the refuge crisis , that 's not arrogance it 's a matter of fact . 
  eastern european countries called for germany to take a leading position , well there you have it . 
  you ca n't expect the biggest nation in europe to pay the bills and not demand at least a minimum of responsibility in return . 
  i can emphasize , the shitheads and doomsayers on this subreddit are annoying . 
  no , sweden and germany are not going to burn , yes your second world country will still suck in the years to come because you wo n't stop blaming other people for your misfortune . 
  what else is there to say ? 
   merkel 's conservatives have been cutting social benefits since she 's been in power that is untrue . 
  especially pensions and student support ( baf\u00f6g ) have increased somewhat , and there have been no cuts . 
  what you are thinking of is the * agenda 2010 * , which was put in place by the social-democratic/green government , similar to the * new labour * stuff in the uk , with similar political results . 
  this sub has become such a tragedy . 
  the problem is that everybody thought that the internet would enlighten everybody , instead it 's like the digital version of a trailer park . 
  i actually do n't know why i always come back, 
  the quality of the content is horrible though, 
  we contribute a lot of money to the eu to help build up countries in eastern europe , which i have no problem with . 
  we take on a lot of refugees because we view it as our responsibility , i also do n't have a problem with it . 
  and then you tell me that my lack of acceptance of eastern european xenophobia is a `` lack of solidarity '' ? 
  for what ? 
  their angsty feelings ? 
  that really rustles my jimmies . 
  not a single eastern european nation is net eu payer , they do not accept their responsibility in this refugee crisis and for months now they all run the same populist election campaigns , while being the loudest complainers about pretty much anything . 
  pointing that out has nothing to do with racism . 
  i do n't know if it 's some kind of post-soviet trauma or something but they need to get their act together , it 's the same thing in the ex east-german states as well . 
  it 's not spoken anymore , sure . 
  but dead as in ` irrelevant ' or ` not used ' it is definitely not . 
  here in germany in most schools you can still choose latin as your third language so it definitely has it 's place . 
  i ca n't give you a percentage but a significant amount of liturgical music is written in latin , simply because the mass had to be held in it . 
  also latin is n't even dead today , medicine students can vouch for that : o, 
  latin was also a dominant intellectual and cultural language in europe pretty much until the second vatican council , at which the liturgy was changed to local languages . 
  as many classical composers were most often composing religious pieces it 's no surprise that most of it is in latin . 
  i can only talk about my experience here in germany , but tertiary education costs me 400 bucks per year including a train ticket for the whole state , ( and i do n't even qualify for baf\u00f6g although i could definitely need the money ) , but who cares ? 
  practically free college education , free healthcare how is that `` telling me to fuck off ? '', 
  i 'm a german student and i do n't care , stop whining . 
  these people have seen enough shit for a lifetime and now they get 20 bucks more than i , the horror !, 
  i 'm not sure what `` proper '' means to you , but enough german to finish an apprenticeship ? 
  sure . 
  which is as true as it is irrelevant, 
  when the wall fell hundreds of thousands fled in the weeks following . 
  close to the boarder the refugee streams were so extreme that some municipalities forced their residents to take up eastern german refugees at their private home , the same thing that happened to 14 million germans after ww ii . 
  we 've had more dramatic situations to deal with than what we have know . 
  the majority of citizens were not dissidents . 
  sure the people abused by the system are usually the one 's that will form the staunchest opposition , but many people just tried to make it somehow . 
  and re-unification is absolutely comparable to the ` refugee crisis ' in regards to how much of a challenge it is for our society , and immigration does not even touch the re-unification in cost and scale . 
  if we could handle unifying 80 million people then we can handle immigrating refugees , everything else would simply be an embarrassment for our country . 
  well you would n't run out of stuff to comment on this subreddit , that 's for sure . 
  op 's post history is full of right-wring crap . 
  literally every post . 
  i like this one :  merkel needs arresting by the germans she is currently engaged in utter treason , handing away their nation on a plate to arabs . 
  they said the same thing about millions of turkish labourers who came here and are now part of our society . 
  in the case of germany i believe we have shown that it can work . 
  if we managed to integrate millions of immigrants in a desolated country after two wars and a reunification 50 years later we can handle integrating refugees , too . 
  do n't take this personally but it kind of rubs me the wrong way when people from finland or the scandinavian countries come into these threads with quite xenophobic attitudes and try to tell us how this crisis or that crisis is going to break up our society . 
  i actually have quite a lot of relatives that have lived in the gdr so i know the mentality quite well . 
  there is huge distrust in political and democratic institutions among east germans , even today . 
  they do n't trust established political parties , they are sceptical about the democratic process and they very often feel like they are being robbed of their identity , especially because the dismantling of the east-german state did n't exactly go very well to say the least . 
  many people never really have embraced the ` americanised ' mentality of west germany . 
  the ex-eastern german states are among the most anti-american/western places you can find in europe , if you think they have embraced the same culture as western germany did , you are in for a surprise if you should ever go there . 
  ( and i 'm not talking about college cities like jena , but the uglier places that hit the media right now every day . 
  this really does n't add up in any way . 
  total lives lost seems to be estimated around 6k by most news sources atm , half of them are supposed to be civilians , so the only one 's who died here are russian soldiers and civilians ? 
  what about separatists and ukrainian soldiers ? 
  if 2k russian soldiers are dead how many are supposed to be in ukraine ? 
  this is ridiculous . 
  it 's really not sarcasm . 
  they take pride in not being part of the ` establishment ' or ` the elite ' . 
  it 's actually the biggest unifying factor at the moment for any kind of fringe movement in europe . 
  you can even look at trumps campaign in the us , the only appeal he has is that he 's not `` from washington '' where all the career politicians and intellectuals reside , even if that means that you have to believe that climate change is a chinese conspiracy . 
  hmm okay , that 's pretty sad lol, 
  generally condemned but not enough political action , which has also to do with a lot of relativisation in regards to right-wing attitudes in the country over the last twenty to thirty years , and mainstream politicians supporting ideologies that they really should n't be supporting . 
  sigmar gabriel calling these people * pack * ( lowlife , mob ) was somewhat overdue , other politicians like de maiziere or gauland have for quite some time preferred lingo like `` asylum critics '' , `` concerned citizens '' and so on . 
  it 's basically the same thing like rostock-lichtenhagen in the 90 's , but on a smaller but more widespread scale . 
  hopefully after this has come under control people will stay more vigilant . 
  this is nonsensical as almost all refugees , except for prominent political ones who gain visa , are by definition illegal because they need to be on german soil first to gain the right to apply for asylum . 
  using the word `` illegal '' here is only a technicality . 
   the main problem with those refugees is the cultural differences that makes integrating them very , very difficult . 
   these differences barely existed between both german nations and integration was quick , easy and most importantly : didnt really cost any money for language or job training . 
  are you younger than 30 ?
