  they 're all fueled by anti-immigration policies , law & order politics combined with criticism of ` global elites ' and anti-intellectualism . 
  nearly all of them draw their biggest support from white , working class males and the elderly . 
  fascism has always combined left-wing working class policies with nationalism . 
  all these populist parties across europe seem to advocate national socialist policies . 
  so are indian sikhs , burmese muslims or many jewish communities . 
  minorities who often experience hardships in their respective countries develop an admirable sense of community and ethics . 
  people that experience discrimination and grow up in a harsh environment will often turn out to be pretty mindful , it 's not exclusive to a specific group of people . 
  i do n't think creating a dystopian police state and scanning everybody seems like a doable thing . 
  for what it 's worth though , infertility actually ends a lot of marriages . 
  it certainly is an important part in a lot of people 's marriages . 
  and although not illegal , very late marriages are pretty uncommon in traditionalist cultures . 
  the criticism when it comes to gay marriage is always pretty ridiculous and flat though . 
  the interesting question when it comes to gay marriage as a public institution is . 
  `` should society sanction gay marriage and what 's the nature of marriage ? '', 
  that obviously depends * hugely * on what function society attributes to marriage . 
  for young westerners marriage has become some kind of eternal love hollywood like thing ( although given the divorce rates that idea seems to end with the first actual marriage these people experience ) for many other countries on the planet marriage still is primarily an institution that is supposed to produce offspring , and a matter of fact is that gay people are worse at doing that than heterosexual people . 
  so if marriage boils down to having children , then the case can be made that society does n't actually need to sanction gay marriage . 
  the problem is that marriage , for quite a lot of people , has become a symbol for everything good , just and honourable in the world and obviously denying somebody access to that must mean that you 're a cruel , inhumane reactionary . 
  that kind of zealous symbolism is n't really a healthy way to look at things or have a discussion . 
  then rephrase it as 'em body values ' . 
  dear lord will people on reddit at some point stop having pointless semantic discussions . 
  no one knows , i 'm serious . 
  people just keep muttering `` they need to do reforms '' like that actually means something in economic terms . 
  they can do whatever reforms they want as long as we keep demanding spending cuts during a recession their economy is going to nosedive . 
  what people love here is `` economic competitiveness '' , which is just another term for exporting unemployment and does n't make much sense on a state level , but that does n't seem to interest anybody . 
  people are still convinced that state budgeting is comparable to how you manage your household and that 2 % inflation are going to turn us into the weimar republic again . 
  not sure i can agree with this . 
  i get the print version and helmut schmidt 's opinion pieces are n't exactly very us centric . 
  they 've also had a lot of ttip coverage over the last few months . 
  i 'd say they 're actually fairly balanced when it comes to german/european - us relations . 
  it means that greece did exactly what they did three years ago and it means that we 're going to do the exact same thing in three years again . 
  because a critical perspective on our own history never hurts . 
  nationalism is still rampart , just look at the shit european countries are currently throwing at each other . 
  if you want identification with your country you need to get the whole picture , you ca n't pick the good parts or you 're going to turn into a walking caricature . 
  sure , but he tried to do what he promised before the election , which is ending austerity . 
  what happened is that he got stonewalled by the majority of european countries and greece is now getting the same package they did the last five years , which is a rescue package combined with economic policies that will continue to ruin the country . 
  in two years we will exactly be where we are now , except that things will have gotten even worse . 
  even the conservatives make more sense by asking for a grexit . 
  what is currently happening has turned greece into money laundering scam with the size of a country . 
  a debt relief does n't mean that the average taxpayer loses money , it means that very rich german shareholders lose some money , so as long as you 're not a bourgeois capitalist or have more than 100k in the bank you should be safe . 
  these mercantilistic policies that our government is pursuing are detrimental both to the greek and the german taxpayer . 
  the conflict of interest is bottom/top , not along national borders . 
   what they ca n't do is democratically vote for german tax payers to give them more money . 
  only germans can do that . 
  i do n't understand why this concept is so hard because that is not what 's happening . 
  they do n't want more money , they want * debt relief * . 
  this only makes no difference if you happen to be a bourgeoisie capitalist who holds a shitton of greek government bonds . 
  sure , in the long run the common currency union can only function with a political union . 
  just imagine bavaria treating poorer german states the way we are treating greece right now . 
  we would not be a very happy country for a long time . 
  greece leaving the union on the other hand will mean that the creditors will not get a lot of their money back , might have domino effects , and will weaken europe 's strategical position in the world . 
  i really do n't think that the decision which road to go down from now on is very difficult . 
  sure they can . 
  angela would just have to proof that she 's more than a walking opinion poll and the csu would need to shut their mouths about lazy greeks for a few weeks . 
  maybe the bild publishes something reasonable for a change and we could convince the german electorate . 
  but we 're too busy working on our [ neo-nationalist narrative ] ( http://www.tagesspiegel.de/images/pickel/12022928/3-format15.png ) right now . 
  the european union is decaying right now , without ` die linke ' having a lot to say in the matter . 
  the current course of the european union demands things of the greek government that they ca n't fulfill from a political standpoint and that they should n't fulfill from an economical one . 
  how is that reasonable ? 
  instead of acknowledging what the imf has already confirmed , that is that greek debt needs to be restructured , the eu is bullying a government out of the eurozone that they will not tolerate for ideological reasons . 
  again , the greek position * is on line with mainstream academic economics * . 
  they are not propagating arcane communist solutions . 
  it is the eu that is proposing the economic equivalent of homeopathy , and economists around the planet are shaking their heads . 
  that the majority of europeans is happy about that does n't mean that they 're right , and it definitely is n't a victory of democracy . 
  well i 'm not interested in arguing semantics , the point is that democracy that you are describing is shitty , and that we are not practicing that kind of system for very obvious reasons . 
  that would be mob rule . 
  democracy values the rights of minorities , human dignity , certain political and social standards and relies on expertise , leadership * and * public opinion . 
  democracy does n't only come with rights , it also comes with obligations . 
  if your electorate wants to drive you off the cliff it 's not the politicians job to put their feet on the gas pedal . 
  and i 'm not talking about greece here . 
  the media together with our politicians have created an absolutely poisonous atmosphere that has nothing to do with sensible economic or political decision-making . 
  that the us government is supporting an alleged `` left-wing '' government should be a warning sign how far we 've jumped off the deep end . 
  and that 's why we were the first nation to break the maastricht debt criteria and are continuing to break treaties because of the trade surplus we run ? 
  because we value rules so much ? 
  i mean it would still be horrible to value technocratic rules over human lives even if we would 've set the example , but the fact that we do n't even respect the rules ourselves is what makes this whole affair even sadder . 
  because we 've gotten richer , in real terms too [ by a factor of 6 , approximately ] ( http://www.multpl.com/us-gdp-inflation-adjusted/table ), 
   i admit it was a poor choice of words on my behalf . 
  i just do n't really see religious influence in estonian culture and it 's really difficult to quantify a lack of something . 
  please tell me what estonians think about spending money and then tell me again that you 've not been influenced by protestantism, 
  greece is running a primary surplus right now . 
  they do n't need additional money , they need a haircut and restructuring of existing loans so that they can use their primary surplus to grow their economy instead of solely using it to pay off debt while their gdp shrinks . 
  exactly . 
  countries in economic depression will not successfully reform . 
  one only needs to look at germany 's austerity programs from 1924 to 1926 which erased 30 % of the country 's gdp over two years . 
  we all know what the political fallout was . 
  even a short look at history shows that countries can only be reform their economy when they have the necessary breathing room . 
  it 's ridiculous really . 
  what syriza asks for is the only thing that will ensure that the creditors get most of their money back . 
  a default will be a catastrophe . 
  we live in exciting times when an alleged `` radical left wing '' government is the one proposing pragmatic solutions . 
  meanwhile [ this ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cjsym1rwgaenb6n.jpg:large ) seems to capture the current european spirit of most other nations rather well . 
  [ i knew it ] ( http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/2014-04/enhanced/webdr06/22/11/enhanced-buzz-25131-1398178802-17.jpg ), 
  i really hate that people shrug this off as some kind of reactionary topic . 
  you can have secular objections towards abortion . 
  ( more specifically abortions for non-medical reasons ) . 
  there ought to be a discussion about the value of the life of an unborn child , the self-determination of the mother etc. . . , it 's not a no-brainer . 
  the imf , which is part of the troika , has openly acknowledged that the greek debt needs restructuring and that austerity is not doing anything . 
  this is a un vote , about `` respecting international law in palestine '' , which sounds fairly reasonable . 
  the us voted ` no ' because they side with israel and the vote was brought in by russia . 
  very similar to op 's vote , just the other way around .
