  it becomes on par with saying , oh , `` you have a right to live in a morally-just society '' -- it sounds nice and all that , because morality is a virtue , but what in blazes does it truly guarantee ? 
  it means that the government ca n't take your life . 
  it guarantees you access to social welfare and medical treatment and equal treatment before the law . 
  it also guarantees you protection from physical or mental harm and all other rights might be adjusted to achieve that . 
  it is not an arcane concept at all and it is hugely important in european jurisprudence . 
  this makes roughly as much sense as claiming that all irish ought to like each other because they 're all christian . 
  there are * huge * cultural differences between arabs and turks . 
   so this plan was n't about investing , it was about stabilizing the eurozone , avoiding the bankruptcy of one of their member , whatever the cost . 
  and secure the future of eurozone by purging once and for all the corruption and tax evasion from greece . 
   since you are totally ignoring the principle of european solidarity you probably understand that there is no more reason to lend money to greece since they are not willing to get rid of their old habits and greece can not repay it 's present debt anyway . 
  greece can default whenever they want , there is no prison here . 
  other countries have defaulted before , they are still here to talk about it . 
  if it was about fighting corruption , why did the troika not make anti-corruption legislation a basis for their talks four or five years ago ? 
  they never demanded it , corruption continued . 
  all reforms had exactly one goal . 
  privatize public services and goods , and maximize the creditor gains by ruining the middle and lower classes and we can see right now what the results are . 
  greece is as bankrupt as it ever was , debt is as unsustainable as it was five years ago , that is a reality . 
  youth unemployment is at 50 % , suicide rates have gone up , basic medial treatment is n't guaranteed any more , if that is solidarity i can understand why the greek population does n't want any of it . 
  greece ca n't default because in case of a default they would have to leave the eurozone , that is the current political stance . 
  if they have to leave the eurozone , they have no currency left . 
  greece is n't argentina . 
  argentina could keep the currency and just had to devaluate . 
  yes , by the european union : http://fra.europa.eu/en/charterpedia/article/1-human-dignity with some cases as examples of its application . 
   enough with this bullshit . 
  there is no necessary suffering . 
  a debt is not a punishment , it 's a contract . 
  if you do n't want debt then do n't borrow money . 
   does this clown really think he is going to convince anyone outside of greece , except for the far-left who already hates capitalism ? 
  no , the principle that is important here is that you can only earn money on loans because there is a risk of losing your investment , which is usually proportional to the amount of money you can potentially make . 
  * this * is a key principle of capitalism . 
  risk and reward go hand in hand , else you end up in moral hazard situations . 
  what you are advocating is not capitalism , it is a middle-age style feudal model where nations are held in debtors prison . 
  insults do infringe other people 's human dignity , yes . 
  depending on what you say it might be very minor , which is why the guy was only fined a few bucks . 
  not to mention that insulting anybody personally is n't even a remotely reasonable response to the practices of the company in question . 
  not an absolutist version of it , no . 
  it is weighed against other values like human dignity , i consider that to be a fairly reasonable approach . 
  my train of thought was that we should stop sending young idealistic people who think they 're defending their country into useless wars , and that the idea of a military escalation with russia is a ridiculous one . 
  the european concept of human rights is n't as one dimensional as you think it is . 
  the fact that we are continually sending children into war while the people who actually want to go to war do n't , might be one of the reasons why we have so many of them . 
  the cold war lasted decades and in the end was solved through talking . 
  it took a few decades , but geopolitics is n't for people who suffer from anger issues and/or adhd . 
  so you 're volunteering then ? 
  there is no mass immigration , immigration is controlled . 
  and my view is in line with the cdu , our center-right conservative party . 
  add some more buzzwords and we got a bingo game going . 
  you do n't get to define what centrist means because you do n't like to think of yourself as an extremist . 
  the currently elected government of my country which represents over 70 % of the population supports what you for obvious reasons describe as `` linksextremismus '' . 
  and yet the number of estimated illegal immigrants is about 12 million ( that 's probably a higher number than legal immigrants in most countries on this subreddit who constantly bitch about them ) , who by the way keep the economy in the agricultural sectors of several american states [ afloat . 
  ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/06/04/agriculture-industry-e-verify-illegal-immigration_n_871391.html ) these people are working their asses off for next to nothing with no security , while making sure that you have food on your table and the first thing that you want to do with them is get rid of them ? 
  if you ca n't tolerate them for moral reasons alone then at least do it out of self-interest . 
  do you not know your own country 's history ? 
  even reagan granted millions of illegal immigrants amnesty with the immigration reform of 86 . 
  has this sub gotten so ridiculous that even americans , a country which is founded by fucking immigrants , are going to perpetuate the silly nationalist bullshit ? 
  i do n't primarily take issue with the speed or presence , i think this sub should have some stronger rules regarding the post quality here . 
  the amount of links and comments here that are outright inhumane , racist or devoid of any reasonable content ruin this subreddit . 
  they should have and the whole racist cesspool should move to voat , i hear all the smart people on reddit moved there . 
  this sub is in some dire need of moderation , there are about half a dozen posts on the front-page everyday serving no other purpose than shitting on refugees . 
  well that 's a very important judgement to make lol . 
  they simply can not keep that primary surplus without ruining their economy . 
  the imf simply is a tool of creditors to squeeze money out of bankrupt economies , and if that does n't work they hope for their proxies to bail them out . 
   honestly , the imf is pretty much sticking to their rules . 
  which is what ? 
  ruining one country at a time with the help of voodoo economics ? 
  some harsh words for casualties in the hundreds thousands for a war that made absolutely no sense does n't exactly seem ` fair ' to me, 
  the claim of `` full access to all content '' is unsubstantiated . 
  skype calls are by default client side encrypted , so mass storage of actual raw call content is practically impossible . 
  what has been known is that since the overtake by microsoft 2011 skype has occasionally switched to server side encryption which gives law enforcement ( in certain countries ) the ability to eavesdrop if requested , but that does not equal ` mass surveillance ' as described by the guy i responded to . 
  the metadata , not the content . 
  i 'd please like to see proof that the nsa has access to * all * content of skype calls around the world . 
   police does n't do anything to gypsies caught when stealing . 
  a trip to local police station and a fine they will never pay is n't justice . 
  next day they are back to stealing . 
  * then fix your police * . 
  it 's not the job of a mouth-breathing mob of vigilantes to carry out justice . 
  your government is supposed to uphold the state of law and nobody else . 
  a lot of posts in this thread are celebrating vigilantism , which is n't just ` staying away ' , but actually denying a whole group of people their constitutional rights . 
   first i thought it was racism , but apparently the british gypsys really are something like a crime cartel . 
  these two are n't mutually exclusive, 
  i pointed out the difference between ideological and dogmatic beliefs . 
  ironically enough `` you say nothing , you are generalizing '' is the most unsubstantial criticism you could have possibly come up with . 
  that depends on how you define democracy , there are two dimensions to it which actually contradict each other . 
  one is simply defining democracy as a form of government that implements the * will of the people * , as in doing what the majority of people want , and that is actually the case at the moment . 
  the majority of the russian people support putin 's nationalist politics , it 's not the muscovite elite running the country at the moment , they do n't have anything to gain from deteriorating international relations . 
  it 's simply not very good for business . 
  the second angle is individual rights , liberty , minority rights , rule of law and such . 
  russia is n't doing very well in that regard , but you have to keep in mind that implementing all those things would actually alienate a large part of the population , they do n't value these things as much as many people in western europe do . 
  so it really just comes down whether you look it at through the western european lens of categorical rights that ought to be defended no matter what , or if you look at it take the russian perspective to which that way of thinking historically always was completely alien . 
  there is a difference between ideology and dogmatism . 
  religious life as an ideology has evolved over hundreds or thousands of years and has been debated , analysed and so on and continues to be debated to this day . 
  what i called liberal dogma is more sacred and mysterious than almost any religious conviction . 
  you ca n't question it , everybody who does is a dictator . 
  limiting free speech when someone attacks the human dignity of another person ? 
  unthinkable !, 
  why ? 
  because i say so !, 
  the kind of ` freedom ' that is fashionable at the moment is n't freedom at all . 
  all it has produced is an atomized society with little intellectual foundation while leaving little room for people who have kept a genuine sense of community and are n't satisfied with having some kind of axiomatic free-market logic applied to every aspect of their life . 
  ... and that 's why ? 
   the thing is , that in the west , we believe in the ` universalism ' of certain moralistic values , such as human rights , or even the separation of church and state .
