  the people who are that influenced by belief to this degree are usually on the upper end of the intelligence distribution , well educated , disciplined and so on . 
  this is true for the original me jihadist generation . 
  bin laden and the likes . 
  what we have now is naturally violent dimwits using , in their case the medieval islamic warrior as a cosplay to commit atrocities simply because this happens to be their upbringing . 
  if they were secular nerds they 'd have put on a trench coat and gone on a killing spree in a school . 
  there 's no real ideological commitment to anything . 
  it 's true for isis as well . 
  they 're like robber-knights . 
  they drink , rape and blow themselves up . 
  all of this is n't exactly condoned by muslim scholars, 
  it does n't matter . 
  it 's just an abstract idea and not magic . 
  if abstract knowledge would motivate behavior we 'd have solved global warming . 
  believing that you go to heaven after you die does n't mean that you somehow lower your inhibitions to die . 
  do you think religious people are n't afraid of death ? 
  this is n't a dostoyevsky novel where you just decide that god does n't exist so you take a club and kill the butler because all moral values ceased to matter . 
  that 's not how people work . 
  it 's just a cheap trick to insinuate that religious people are automatically fanatics because they 've rationally reached the conclusion that there might be an afterlife . 
  i mean it 's easy to illustrate how ridiculous this line of thought is by sticking with the dostoyevsky example . 
  do you honestly believe people turn into gamblers , whores and drunkards as soon as they cease to worship jesus ? 
  it 's the exact reverse logic . 
  replace god with the emperor , race or the motherland or what have you and you get the same result . 
  lots of individuals tend to put their ideology or group well being above their own survival , this is n't unique to islamic terrorists or the european history of the 20th century would look a little different it 's a pretty human instinct and there 's a very thin-line between civilization and everybody bashing each other 's head in . 
  these terrorists are opportunists who 've been pushed over that line because their life sucked . 
  they are n't bin laden . 
  they have n't thrown away their millions and education and lived in a cave for five years while pondering theology , that 's not how the current wave of terrorism works . 
  they 're unhinged and want to unleash violence . 
  they 're the guys that in other countries sign up for the army because going to war seems like a great adventure . 
  well the link itself now is updated and states that the picture is false , so there is that careful with the propaganda , folks, 
   but you still know putin did it . 
  well we do n't because there is n't any real proof , it 's just a hypothesis that is out there . 
  you actually need evidence to confirm your beliefs . 
  you are on 9/11 truther territory here . 
  `` 9/11 was an inside job because america wanted to steal iraq 's oil '' is actually a logical statement , but it being possible does n't mean that it actually happened . 
  extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence . 
  yes , the kosovo intervention was n't legitimate either . 
  i do n't know why you 'd think i 'd say that, 
  big spoiler alert , democratic processes in non-liberal countries produce non-liberal institutions !, 
  i mean you are of course free to dislike and criticise the contents of a society 's beliefs but what is the faux outrage about that 's so prevalent nowadays ? 
  obviously you 're not going to get the same democracy you get in france or germany if you express ` the will of the people ' in turkey because the people in turkey happen to be very conservative , fairly religious and like the stuff erdogan does . 
  this is dead obvious . 
  and to confuse secularism with stability in the middle-east is completely off as well . 
  how 's that turned out for hussein or assad ? 
  being a secularist does n't stop you from being an idiot or a genocidal maniac . 
  iran and the arabian peninsula are still alive and well . 
  again , you may not like their beliefs but stop acting like this is somehow relevant when judging the political or social development of nations in the me . 
  like it or not but islamic autocracy is probably the biggest stability factor in the region . 
  i do n't have enough fingers to count the number of failed juntas or secular dictators people tried to install in the region . 
  nah he 's only annexed territory on the european continent and openly questions the post war order , but yes lets talk about refugees again . 
  the simple difference is that putin is n't a muslim which automatically gives him bonus points apparently . 
  that 's about it really, 
  i 'm tired of listening to the wikipedia knowledge of uneducated teenage basement dwellers that draw inept historical parallels , that is all . 
  christian communities in germany are very well integrated into the public education system . 
  all priests of the large protestant denominations and the catholic church are required to hold degrees which are usually obtained at the respective faculties of public universities . 
  we 've been creating chairs for islamic theologians as well over the last few years but it 's only going to pay off in the future and the effort being put in is still relatively small , but especially in prisons these people have been shown to be very effective at preventing radicalization . 
  truth is of course that this kind of integration into the public system should have started decades ago , but this is as much of a fault of the communities as it is of society , which for way too long has refused to accept the equal standing of all religious communities in the country . 
  yes , no disagreement . 
  we need publicly educated imams and should probably put a stop to foreign funding . 
  this is hard to reconcile in the case of france though because they 're so insistent on keeping the government out of religious affairs to the point of operating as if religious individuals do not exist at all . 
  also this ca n't be framed as a prohibitive policy publicly because it 'll allienate people further . 
  it needs to be offered as a better alternative to the whacky preachings that are happening in people 's backyards . 
  we ought to be careful not to cause distrust in the relevant communities . 
  it 's important to not sell this as a solution that ` the system ' has to offer because trust in the political machine comes from a privilged position that minority communities do not possess ( for understable reasons ) . 
  it 's essentially why bernie lost the us primaries . 
   we know that they exist , who they are , where they live , so what are we waiting for ? 
  if we allow them to continue their propaganda game , we will only get more of them . 
  because putting surveillance on them and trying to root the networks up makes more sense than storming into every single one of their apartments and alerting them . 
  it 's not the ones on surveillance lists that are dangerous because , with the exception of intelligence failure , these people will not be able to prepare terrorist acts . 
  also you can of course remove hate preachers from the public sphere but that 's largely going to push them into private and semi-seret structures that quickly become completely intransparent . 
  this is essentially what france 's * la\u00efcit\u00e9 * is all about and it is n't working . 
  it 's essentially the same mechanism over and over . 
  trying to combat these decentralized terrorist structures with some kind of frontal assault , both on the ideolgical and security level is like trying to hit a fly with a tennis racket . 
  makes absolutely no sense and makes fighting it more difficult . 
  on the security side improving intelligence capablities drastically is the better way to go about this , see usa . 
  using the word regressive five more times wo n't make your post any more reasonable . 
  can you tell me by what mechanism france is supposed to turn into a caliphate and stop telling me irrelevant shit about anatolia ? 
  yeah but it 's especially hard because as you 're pointing out these people are morel like pirates than bin laden . 
  it 's questionable whether they 're even ideologically radicalized at all and not just violent angry individuals more comparable to school shooters . 
  you can do all the prevention you want but there 's always guys who 'll fall through the cracks and if they turn into this by watching videos on youtube what are you going to do . 
  france is n't actually turning into a caliphate , keep the stormfront logic to yourself . 
  there 's a few million muslims in france , they 're not suddenly going to increase their numbers by a factor of ten . 
  terrorism is a problem but it 's by far not the deadliest or biggest one any european nation faces . 
  because it 's the exact same narrative that terrorists try to push so they can polarize and recruit more terrorists , it is n't exactly rocket science . 
  it 's called terror for a reason, 
  take over how exactly ? 
  there 's 60 million people france , nobody is going to take france over france is a nuclear power and isis is a failed state with 50k fighters . 
  the only one that can hurt france is france itself . 
  stop glorifying terrorists by acting as if they have actual power . 
  that does n't make it the tiniest bit better , it just means that `` preventing someone from entering the country '' is a completely nonsensical proposal and does n't even address the issue . 
  that there are no specific policy measures available that can stop fanatic lone wolves while not feeding into the terrorists agenda , which would be the far more poisonous thing to do . 
  we do n't know who the subject is yet , but based on past incidents this is a completely ignorant statement to make as the overwhelming majority of attackers was born in europe . 
  indulging the typical race war fantasies of the far right is a catastrophic and counter-productive reaction . 
  just for future record , i hereby pledge my allegiance to the sentient windmill rebellion, 
  i hate to quote 80 's movies in such a situation but sometimes the only winning move is not to play . 
  ca n't really do anything when millions of people live densely packed together and someone decides to drive a truck through a group of people and acts alone . 
   daesh is losing more ground and getting desperate . 
  exactly , every one of these attacks is essentially a desperation move because they 're losing ground on their primary battlefield . 
  people should keep it in mind . 
  blowing yourself up or driving into a crowd of people is n't a display of strength . 
  the role of pm in the uk is just a convention , there is no `` theory '' , it 's a position that historically emerged , it is n't codified just like the there is no constitution itself .
