  well in size alone london dwarfs all other british cities , but the same is true for say , new york . 
  what makes london any less british than nyc is american ? 
  obviously the city has an international atmosphere , as has every cultural and economical capital . 
  is that the british version of sarah palin 's `` only rural america is true america !!, 
  you sure did not !, 
  from my own personal experience with southern italy i noticed especially how family dominated everyday life is . 
  the state has not a lot to say at all and when it has to say something it is plagued by cronyism , favors and so on . 
  seems to be a theme that corruption is the strongest were a strong and functional state is missing and trust in the ` general society ' is low , while relations to the family , friends etc. 
  are important . 
  i 'll go out on a limb here but i think economic development and corruption are very connected, 
  war and/or poverty does n't necessarily turn people into nice human beings , it actually has the habit of doing the exact opposite . 
  these people come out of countries where no state exists anymore , where people fight for scraps and so on , if you want to deal with this everyday you 're going to need a thick skin and you 'll need to be able to assert yourself . 
  or they 're simply human , most of them are ungrateful jerks . 
  the girl from the interview sounds like she expected to walk into a children 's daycare . 
  no offense but being a social worker ai n't easy , especially not if you 're dealing with cocky male teenagers . 
  they 're not automatically nice or obedient because they 're refugees and i do n't really know why people expected that to be the case or why it is supposed to be a scandalous headline . 
  good friend of mine is a long time social worker . 
  he ca n't count how many young people started their first week , got spit on and quit the job . 
  the people you have to deal with in this kind of work can be very unpleasant , violent , addicted and so on . 
  the problem here are n't the people itself , it 's the attitude people come to the job with . 
  they expect gratitude in return for their help . 
  if you to boost your ego social work is n't the right place to work in . 
  the fdp wants a true single tax rate without deductions , a single rate for everybody , like in russia . 
  this is obviously going to be a ridiculous driver of inequality . 
   wizorek 's emphasis on conservatives who only become engaged now that foreigners are involved is n't really useful here . 
  why should one care that a few people are co-opting the issue for the wrong reasons ? 
  why you do n't use political adversaries as a means to and end ? 
  [ well ... ] ( http://flashbak.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/independent-1993.jpeg ), 
  if by smartest and best you mean taking old gdr-functionaries and waking them out of cryostasis , then yes . 
   the fdp has done quite a bit of clearing out on it 's neoliberal economic agenda and has attempted to focus itself on more classical liberal issues including a relatively strong anti-surveillance position on their last big party convention in may last year they started to discuss a flat income tax again lol . 
  they have not changed their economic stance even the tiniest bit . 
  yep , perks of having a strong functional state and a welfare system . 
  singapore is as heterogeneous as societies get . 
  it actually has the most diverse religious population on the planet . 
  often overlooked country when it comes to model societies . 
  the housing system is excellent as well . 
  of all the foods they could have made compulsory pork literally should have been the last one lol . 
  seriously are people so stuck up about their culture that they ca n't even tolerate some food variety ? 
  especially given the fact that , no offense , nordic cuisine is pretty bad . 
  ( ours is n't any better ), 
  depends on what your level of education is . 
  cs grads get basically hired while they 're still in college ( personal experience ) and the crafts are raising apprenticeship wages by 5 or 6 % annualy right now because they 're so desperate . 
  i mean you literally have to major in mongolian dance therapy or something , employers are battling over young people at the moment . 
   for mideastern problems to stay there and happen to muslims , that is the goal , it 's that nobody knows how to achieve that . 
  you do realize that we 're living in the 21st century right . 
  global conflicts exist , not facing them wo n't make them go away . 
  not to mention that we did our part in fucking the region over in the first place , but even if we had n't ignoring the situation wo n't do any good . 
  europe has 40 fucking thousand kilometers of maritime sea border , about 12k kilometers of external land border . 
  if you 're not ready to hire 50 donald trumps you wo n't be able to turn europe into a fortress , forget it . 
  essentially this whole situation is a failing global system of war and economic inequality hitting us in the face , being the prime benefactors of that clusterfuck we can at least own up to it . 
  i think we 'd all be better off if those people would start to build their own identity instead of glorifying questionable historical conquering . 
  i did n't intent to debate the usefulness of conscription at all , the point is simply that if you grow up in a society like norway 's which does a lot for you , you are n't supposed to dodge responsibilities no matter what your personal opinion on them it . 
  sometimes you 're going to have to bite the bullet . 
  some people do n't think their taxes are spent in a reasonable manner , they 're supposed to pay them nonetheless . 
  well given what the norwegian state does for you i think a few obligations are only fair . 
  i mean you ca n't on the one hand enjoy all the niceties of a solidary community and then dodge your obligations . 
  it 's used as a tool of torture and domination in prison , which is by the way a common motive for rape . 
  people usually do n't just switch their sexual orientation because they 're sexually frustrated . 
  many academics consider sexual satisfaction to be a relatively unimportant factor . 
  http://www.middlebury.edu/media/view/240951/original/predatorynature.pdf  since rape involves sexual behavior , it was long believed to be primarily motivated by sexual impulse ; deviant sexual impulse , but sexual impulse nonetheless . 
  this confusion of context with motivation was clarified mainly by the work of nicholas groth , who published a typology of rapists in the 1970 's . 
  groth labeled each type based on the principle motivation manifested by the rapists in that group . 
  the two primary and numerically largest types identified by groth were the `` power '' rapist and the `` anger '' rapist [ ... ]  groth 's identification of anger and power as the primary motivations behind rape has endured , and has become the basis for attempts at defining more refined taxonomies of rape [ ... ], 
  the one true god is this way --  / r/onetruegod, 
  for the people coming from war-zones or who are otherwise persecuted , no . 
  this is illegal and in violation with human rights , we ca n't and also should n't deport to war-zones . 
  there also is no political support for this . 
  for people whose asylum pledge is rejected , yes they can be legally deported . 
  there is mixed political opinion on this depending on the country and the scale of the deportations . 
   also , `` most stable '' is absolutely ludicrous . 
  in terms of power consolidation it definitely is . 
  it 's a 80 million pop country with a very stable government and no major internal conflicts . 
  i 'm pretty sure the majority of executions in saudi arabia last year was drug-crime related . 
  the witchcraft stuff was probably two or three people in the last decade . 
  not that this makes the situation a lot better , but they usually execute for drug or violent-crime related reasons . 
  also most people will reject capital punishment on principle , regardless of the crime . 
  it 's arguably always excessive and brutal . 
  welp this is going be a tad [ controversial ... ] ( http://en.chateauversailles.fr/homepage ), 
  the evil western yuppie lifestyle is killing us !, 
  i will immediately move to a coal plant , consume gargantuan amounts of meat , join the catholic church and become a real man !, 
  i really do n't get the obsession with vegetarians and cyclists , people must have weird priorities if those two are anywhere near the top of the list of things they are scared off . 
  the attitude in the us also seems a lot more tolerant in regards to people speaking whatever language they want to speak . 
  when i was in ca there were spanish street signs and shields and people speaking spanish everywhere , i also think all public documents are available in spanish and english . 
  the us does n't seem to actively assimilate at least in the urban areas . 
  this also is n't exactly new is n't it ? 
  spanish culture goes back a long time in us history . 
  yes , i compared them . 
  astute observation . 
  comparing things is often useful . 
  if you fear that i think those things are equally mischievous you can rest easy , i do not . 
  the point zizek makes is just very striking . 
  it applies to trump and pegida as well . 
  they first and foremost thing they do is trying to attack the political process and the media for their alleged `` political correctness '' , and they are both representatives of a disenfranchised social class . 
  that statement is true for pretty much any country with heavy emmigration that is n't at war . 
  not that i 'm disagreeing . 
  the whole notion of economic immigrant as a derogatory term is silly . 
  economic migration has been part of history for god knows how long . 
  well it 's the same mechanism . 
  zizek points out that decency is a bourgeois value . 
  people on 4chan regularly self-identify as ` outsiders ' and their attempt to get at the middle-class by upsetting them seems to fit with zizek 's idea .
