  well the third reich has n't even tainted it , because it 's literally not a thing to begin with . 
  there exists no taxonomy of human ` races ' in biology , it 's an informal concept bigots came up with . 
  the species is at the bottom end of biological taxonomy , in our case homo sapiens . 
  there 's no meaningful distinction between xenophobia , racism and so on , it 's all just semantic nitpicking . 
  but it 's not like the current climate is even somewhere close to the healthy skepticism you 're prescribing here , we 've gone far off the deep end . 
  experts are treated as suspicious by virtue of being experts , politics itself is n't even recognized as a craft ( which it undoubtedly is ) , consensus among experts is rejected by the public ( climate change , economic consensus on certain issues etc. . . ) it 's almost like being a social outcast or being loud and not in control of yourself has become a badge of honor . 
  ( eg trump 's `` i love the uneducated '' ) . 
  not being part of the establishment is apparently enough to earn the trust of the voter , although this is a purely negative quality . 
  sure merkel 's education does n't mean she 's going to make the best decisions on every issue , but it sure as hell counts for something , and a lack of formal education definitely is n't an achievement . 
  it 's a catch-22 though . 
  if you 're an expert you 're going to be called an egghead and disconnected from the average voter ( see merkel ) , if you 're a career bureaucrat you 're going to be facing charges of corruption , nepotism and lack of conviction ( see clinton ) what kind of biography is someone supposed to present that makes you a champion of the people , expert in a narrow field and well connected official with a broad knowledge base ? 
  some people seem to be seeking the political version of a marvel superhero, 
  can you tell me which ones please, 
  it 's very much been affected by the division of the country economically though . 
  just compare salaries and housing prices to any western german city like munich or hamburg . 
  it 's very much comparable to other east german cities in that regard . 
  yes sure , checks and balances are always good and especially in the civil liberties & privacy department the uk has n't actually looked very convincing . 
  every country profits from being part of a community , i agree . 
  capital inflow , reduction of corruption , transfer of knowledge , better governance ... etc. 
  look at any ex soviet nation that is now member of the eu 20 years ago and today also the brain drain will reverse as soon as the countries are sufficiently developed and become cheap and attractive . 
  east germany suffered the same exodus after the wall fell , nowadays berlin is the biggest startup location in germany and many other cities like leipzig and dresden attract tons of students . 
  you people are acting intentionally obtuse when it comes to this argument . 
  the logic is very easy . 
  racism on a systemic level can only be exercised if the racists occupy institutions and hold power . 
  `` white people ca n't be racist '' in the context of american discussion refers to the white middle class that occupies all the institutions . 
  it obviously does n't literally refer to the colour of their skin , but to the social status of the group . 
  poles in the uk are hardly running the show , so obviously this does n't apply here . 
  economist says : `` the outcome of this decision will be bad for you , the rational reaction would be to be tread carefully '' brexit voter : *** `` scaaaremongerer ! 111 '' ***, 
  they 're not stupid because of the difference in agreement . 
  they 're stupid because their policies are bad . 
  the brexit does n't make any sense , sorry that reality is biased that way . 
   nobody ever thought that these might be the people left behind in english society -- the ones whose regions lack meaningful work , have dim prospects , whose people live on benefits and are marginalised , and whom the ` amazing ' machine of capitalism has forgotten . 
  these people do n't have a monopoly on alienation , sadness or anxiety . 
  being left behind is n't a legitimate reason to lash out like a maniac our blame whatever group they deem responsible . 
  living in a democracy comes with responsibility , not only rights . 
  if you feel left behind , channel it into a productive movement . 
  it 's not a free license to idiocy . 
  disadvantaged people do n't suddenly lose their agency . 
  it 's the same argument that comes up when some mob sets a refugee home on fire . 
  you 're probably kidding but it would n't be a bad idea . 
  all these populist movements are extreme sausage fests, 
  does n't make any sense . 
  the commission gives smaller nations disproportionate power because of the unanimous vote mechanism . 
  if there 'd actually be majority voting we 'd see a lot more drama and a lot more net sovereignty loss , especially regarding the nations that seem to be complaining the most about a lack of power . 
  because free movement of people is the logical conclusion of free movement of goods and capital . 
  ca n't expect to penetrate the markets of other nations and thus compete on their field while blocking the same at home . 
  it 's a terrible form of protectionism that puts everybody else at disadvantage . 
  it 's how the eu has collectively been screwing over agriculture in the third world . 
  i have to admit that ever since trump clinched the republican nomination i 've felt like i woke up in some fucked up alternate reality of a pk dick novel and really weird shit keeps happening, 
  essentially little state involvement directly in economic decision-making of private actors , few labour laws but in exchange for that generous welfare schemes , education programs , unemployment benefits and so on . 
  the idea is to promote the positive sides of liberal markets while negating the side effects rather than directly trying to intervene in the economy . 
  in germany for example the general welfare level is lower than say in sweden or norway while the market itself is a lot more regulated and the state has more say and influence on the large players in the industry . 
  many people argue that this is more prone to nepotism and problematic in the modern dynamic globalized economy . 
  is it equivalent only in a numerical sense or would the level of destruction actually be comparable to throwing a nuclear warhead in the ocean at that point ? 
  yes , unlike pesky it fishing clearly is the future of the british economy !, 
  let 's not kid ourselves . 
  in every area that 's actually relevant the uk will want to implement the exact same regulations as the eu so that they can remain part of the trading bloc , only now they 're not going to have a say in what the eu regulations actually are and they 'll have to have redundant regulations and standards on a bazillion levels which will make everything more complicated . 
  sch\u00e4uble has a pretty strong balanced budget fetish and his monetary policy views are bordering on insanity but he has n't exactly been an advocate of dismantling any welfare states . 
  the things that germany has mostly been pressing for is deregulation of the workplace which is n't synonymous with welfare reduction . 
  scandinavia and the baltics have been running ` flexicurity ' schemes for quite some time and with a lot more success then the say french `` unions + state '' model . 
  i fucking hate to see britain suffer like this because people just do n't know what the fuck they are doing . 
  people nowhere no what the fuck they are doing . 
  the craziness was to allow a referendum with a simple majority to begin with . 
  and those people are actually paying a ton of taxes so good job axing your high skilled service economy, 
   why was there more groundbreaking science and technology coming out of germany back when they were ultra isolationist than there is now germany was n't hyper-isolationist during its heights in scientific discovery , on the contrary , germany was one of the most open and dynamic nations on the continent . 
  maybe a little dose of history is in order to clear up some misconceptions . 
  [ take it from one of our more prominent thinkers ] ( http://nietzsche.holtof.com/reader/friedrich-nietzsche/beyond-good-and-evil/aphorism-256-quote_c08738ed4.html ) and of course this is going to affect scientific collaboration . 
  the erasmus program alone will probably not survive in its current form, 
  i seriously hope you can pay your contemporary scientists with historical pride because if you ca n't that argument is n't terribly relevant and it 's not just the money . 
  the whole hostile and isolationist attitude is poison for scientific communities, 
  i do n't want to alienate an entire nation , and i did n't bring this on the brits , they did themselves . 
  but if the eu countries have to make a choice between alienating the uk and threatening the integrity of the union they 're going to go with option one and that 's the least bad decision . 
  do n't turn this around . 
  the uk made a decision and the eu has to react to it . 
  greece stayed in for a reason despite their completely messed up situation . 
  everybody knew that the first country leaving was going to the get shafted . 
  what you ca n't do is leave the union based on a nationalist imperative and then demand that you 're going to get a preferential treatment . 
  this is what people were talking about when they were warning the uk not to leave . 
  if the uk walks out on favourable terms every damn euro sceptic movement will start screaming `` we can do this too '' and the german and french elections next year are going to be a shitshow , not to mention the nations in which these movements have even more ground . 
  the british people knew this when they walked out of the door , so they 'll have to live with the consequences of their decision . 
  the uk is not worth having the whole eurozone implode , and that is actually whats at stake here . 
  it 's not like rallying against ` the banks ' and against nationalism is mutually exclusive . 
  the international left is a thing yo , especially in the uk, 
  they were n't british . 
  the uk is n't greece lol the country has a strong domestic economy that relies on imports ( spoiler alert , they 're an island nation ) so they have little to gain from a weak currency apart from having their living standard reduced, 
  financially speaking the day has n't even started . 
  wait until the markets open , this is going to be a shitfest . 
  the jobs will shift anyway , we 're not in any union with china , did this stop the movement of manufacturing ? 
  the answer is to equip the communities suffering with the tools to handle a globalized economy . 
  because dropping out is n't actually helping those people, 
   ah fuck it , this is too intense  going to play some dark souls does n't check out, 
  i imagine the brits like buying things as well, 
  you ca n't present more accurate news in the same format , that 's just not possible . 
  you can not condense any reasonable idea down to the cover of a newspaper , especially not if you happen to use capslock and font size 50, 
  because it turns sexuality from something that expresses your personality into something that is sanctioned and judged by society . 
  we allow gay people to be gay but only in so far as they remove all the cool stuff from being gay that made it fun in the first place . 
  the whole notion that sex must be absolutely safe , that all unhealthy practises must be avoided , that we must supervise how adults have sex on campus , that the whole gay acceptance debate centres around gay people who try to emulate traditional family roles while promiscuity is still being portrayed as nasty and so on . 
  see politicians like jens spahn for example . 
  we 've essentially turned it into a fitness activity . 
  not really .
