  that 's how it 's supposed to work . 
  well he has never flip-flopped for political gain as far as i 'm aware and if i remember correctly he has the lowest expenses of all mp 's currently active , which means he seems to put his money where his mouth is . 
  he seems to be a pretty honest guy and i guess that ought to count for something ? 
  that sounds pretty competent to me at least in terms of representing his electorate as a genuine labour candidate . 
  you personally disagreeing with his positions does n't mean that he is n't competent . 
  there needs to be a discussion whether ` stealing ' which is related to traditional property rights makes sense in the digital world at all . 
  i 'd argue it does n't and we need new models of handling digital content . 
  i do n't think you necessary need to be smart ( read intellectual , academic ) to be a politician . 
  martin schulz was an alcoholic and a clerk in book store before he went into politics and he 's not that bad of a politician either , especially if you 're running for a labour movement . 
  european nationalist parties are extremely anti-american as most of them run collectivist anti-capitalist platforms with conspiratory undertones . 
  the international banks are robbing us all , ttip undermines our sovereignty , america is a hegemon that determines what we 're allowed to do , they tend to align with russia on most issues and so on . 
  you do n't need to be literally hitler to be a v\u00f6lkisch nationalist . 
  all of them promote ethnocentric nationalism comparable to late 19th century german nationalism that lay the groundwork for worse things to come . 
  and all of them have absolutely nothing to do with french nationalism in the enlightenment sense that inspired , for example , american ideology , which was at its roots liberal . 
  the disdain for liberalism is the most prominent feature of contemporary nationalism . 
  i just named several nations in which contemporary nationalism is based on v\u00f6lkisch ideology , did you read my post ? 
  orban has explicitly stated this , geert wilders has literally campaigned with a racist program and so do the scandinavian nationalist parties . 
  le pen has cut down on the anti-semitism somewhat but still runs an explicitly xenophobic platform . 
  and that 's the form of nationalism that is being copied at the moment all over europe . 
  marine le pen is n't a french nationalist in the traditional sense , she 's doing reverse identity politics and promotes reactionary values . 
  so does geert wilders and all the scandinavian and eastern european nationalist parties , the latter with some religious fundamentalism thrown in . 
  the brits are pretty much the only nation who have kept their nationalism limited to issues of sovereignty . 
  you can attribute it to european nationalism which is deeply v\u00f6lkisch and intrinsically racist and inhumane when driven to its extreme as shown by europe 's modern history . 
  the only form of nationalism that makes an ounce of sense is the american one , which has nothing in common with the european version as you can see if you look at the reaction to the us on the political right . 
  in the two sentences i wrote did you miss the one where i wrote that the threat of death is probably not going to deter a * suicide bomber * . . ? 
  i really do n't understand where the logic in threatening someone who is willing to blow themselves up with the death penalty is and why that makes me a bitch you think having your mental faculties clouded by petty revenge is the epitome of manliness ? 
  i love that mieville is being plugged here , great book and criminally under-appreciated author !, 
   yes there is . 
  one problem is that with sex comes pregnancies . 
  and those messed up kids is the reason of the taboo , for good reason . 
  the risk for abnormalities among a 40 year old couple is significantly higher than among two young siblings , this is why the german ethics committee considered that argument inconsistent and advised to lift the incest ban . 
  there are actually countless of high risk pregnancies which we do n't criminalize ( for good reasons as the right to have a family is quite a fundamental right ) the reason people are opposed to incest is religious social taboo , which is n't justification for criminalization in a secular state . 
  necrophilia sounds a little weird but i do n't really see the basis for criminalizing incest ( between two consenting adults ) . 
  the german ethics committee has given the same recommendation not too long ago on the basis that social taboo is n't justification for criminalization and that the risk for birth defects is high among several groups including old women , which are n't banned from having children either . 
  eurovision was always political but rarely that in your face . 
  it still should stay a musical event first and foremost , and not purely be dragged town to politics . 
  ... and the whole thing is obviously supposed to hint at the annexation of crimea and the crimean tatars . 
  i do n't understand what you are trying to tell me . 
  russia and ukraine are currently in a conflict . 
  what is the ww2 stuff about ? 
  i 'm using ` the ' as an article here . 
  `` but ukraine conflict is still ongoing '' makes no sense . 
  i am aware that ukraine is not ` the ukraine ' if that 's what you 're aiming at, 
  we have a constitution that forbids anti-democratic forces from participating in the political process and states the goal of establishing a * freiheitliche demokratische grundordnung * ( liberal-democratic social order ) , so yes you can vote wrong or rather parties can be illegitimate if they threaten this idea . 
  has nothing to do with leftism . 
  the * radikalenerlass * for example was a legislature by social democrat chancellor willy brandt to keep communists out of public instiuttions as part of his anti-communist domestic policies . 
  [ would you tell comrade lenin that you do n't want to build communism ? 
  that 's a historical conflict ( although still relevant ) , but the ukraine conflict is still ongoing , so i can see how they 'd consider this to be a little different . 
  you 're arguing for sovereignty for the sake of sovereignty itself . 
  that is the essence of brainless nationalism . 
  obviously the uk has democratic influence in the european union just as the average british person has democratic influence in the uk . 
  i ca n't understand freedom because i am german ? 
  are you fucking serious ? 
   i want to live in a sovereign nation , not one ruled partly by uk and partly by eu . 
  given the kind of stuff uk politics is gravitating too , which seems to be reduction of public welfare and environmental policies as well as civil rights ( both from new labour and the tories ) , serious question : why ? 
  why is sovereignty a value in itself if the sovereign sucks ? 
  so much freedom in franco 's spain !, 
  the evil socialist-anarchist resistance was terrible !, 
  evil socialists !, 
  ( you just have to say it often , that 's how it works right ? ), 
  if the german government would have made reduction in military spending a requirement for the bailouts i can already see the headlines `` german hegemon is forcefully trying to demilitarize greece '', 
  obviously bribing state officials is an absolutely awful thing , but it 's very hard from the german side to get legal hold on bribery coming from german private companies going out to foreign officials before it actually happens . 
  i mean they ca n't bug their offices . 
  you can always expect big business to pull do shady shit , the problem here actually lies with the politicians who can pull this shit off while they should be held responsible by the public . 
  that is the british perspective which assumes that the eu is and ought to be nothing but a free trade zone . 
  this is n't the european perspective , especially not the perspective of france and germany who perceive the european institutions as vital to ensure peace and prosperity on the continent . 
  and when it comes to the consequences of a brexit , * everybody 's perspective * will determine what the outcome is . 
  [ but instead of the galactica it will be this ] ( http://new4.fjcdn.com/comments/what+no+mention+of+the+uk+space+whale+ship+from+_d25ba1d4801604ee12ea0c55d2c4f7e4.jpg ), 
  http://www.volkswagen.co.uk/technology/electric-vehicles touareg , jetta , golf and passat are available as hybrid . 
  volkswagen actually heavily develops electric cars and has hybrid cars for a pretty long time . 
  tesla is n't the only manufacturer in that area . 
  when people say `` it 's time for a woman to lead '' they 're obviously referring to the fact that someone who has a hard time in a male dominated field has shown the ability to be persistent . 
  they 're not talking about her uterus so that sexist accusation is really misplaced , because it really is a sign of character if an east-german female physicist can win in the usual political process . 
  likewise hillary was politically active a long time before she met bill and has quite a lot of experience as a politician especially on the federal level , much more than anybody else in the race in fact . 
  i 'm a registered social democrat , but is supporting merkel a crime ? 
  what 's the argument here ? 
  they also both love to talk of evil chinese businessmen and the good old times when every wrench was manufactured in the usa and every potato was home-grown . 
  sanders has also voted against immigration reform ( and supported a deportation bill in 06 ) and is ambiguous on gun control . 
  they 're essentially both running populist campaigns . 
  it 's really not surprising that he has been doing awful among the black voterbase in nevada . 
  clinton is pretty solid on all fronts . 
  and in before `` oh gosh banks and money '' . 
  yeah there 's money in politics get over it . 
  at least clinton understands foreign policy and does n't want to cut down the government , does n't believe that the apocalypse is coming or wants to build giant walls . 
  if sanders is out she 's the only sane person left in the room . 
  which would screw homosexuals in a huge number of states , oddly convenient right ? 
  they 're for state rights if it fits their agenda nothing else . 
  see marijuana with the exception of paul, 
  did n't you know ? 
  all polls are rigged , professional journalists are liars and the only true reporting happens on youtube !, 
  when people get thrown out of jobs they invent new jobs or else we would all be unemployed ever since weaving looms were invented . 
  self-driving cars will create new job opportunities evolving around self-driving cars , just like the internet spawned a bazillion new jobs from coding to entertainment that did n't exist before . 
  also more people increase aggregate demand which increases the amount of jobs available . 
  especially young people will have that effect on the economy . 
  more people create more jobs because they demand all kinds of stuff . 
  if a reduction in population would help the job market greece , spain and portugal would n't be sitting at 60 % youth unemployment while countries with high pop . 
  growth like canada or the united states have low unemployment figures . 
  70-90 % of any modern economy is compromised of services and not industry ( precisely because automation moves labour , it does n't remove it ) . 
  the service sector is n't going to be automatized for a very , very long time in many areas human interaction is so central to the service provided that it 's questionable whether it is ever going to happen . 
  you 're talking sci-fi here , not politics .
