  what they 've lost in brains they get back in capital , infrastructure , knowledge-transfer etc. . tenfold . 
   so much for class struggle , i guess . 
  because honestly nobody cares . 
  they do a rosa luxemburg rally on the street i live two times a year , about twenty people show up and i think half of them only do because the beer is free . 
  the left has n't managed to create an ideological framework that is actually going to work in a globalized world and so they 've either fallen into irrelevance or adopted reactionary right wing , nationalist positions . 
  the first step would be to acknowledge that liberalism actually as been huge success story for the international worker and especially women . 
  if those two groups are your enemy you 're not doing socialism right . 
   i thought he had lost his mind well he had n't , but the pig sure did, 
   i feel like in germany , with the rise of the afd especially , it is getting more normal to be a bit more crazy . 
  of course , the average german does not have these crazy views . 
  but what i mean is that those guys with the crazy views , like you say , feel a bit more empowered , because they are closer to agreement with mainstream and accepted groups . 
  yes , you 're absolutely right . 
  it needs to be shunned , condemned and banned if necessary and we need to make sure that they can not make any ground . 
  these people have been creeping into mainstream conservative society for far too long and already changed the discourse to something that would n't have been possible a decade ago . 
  when the afd started out bernd lucke was perceived as a right-winger and provocative populist . 
  today he almost looks like a voice of reason compared to what his party has become , although his actual positions have n't changed a bit . 
  it 's really scary how strongly the whole political ecosystem has moved . 
  is this list excluding business facing companies ? 
  because sap should be on the list . 
  not only on the global scale . 
  [ almost 10k people die prematuraly annually of air pollution ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2015/jul/15/nearly-9500-people-die-each-year-in-london-because-of-air-pollution-study ) * in london alone * instead of isis people should be afraid of no2, 
   if we 're talking within the eu , ignoring ukraine and the few other non-eu ex-soviet states , so in other words if we ignore all the important things the problem stops being a problem lol i applaud your problem solving skills, 
  corbyn has managed to become leader of the labour party and will probably change the course quite dramatically , trump literally went from being a political nobody to presidential candidate despite his hilarious antics over the course of a few months . 
  this is impossible in a continental system because the parties are much more consolidated . 
  with a two party system you have the extremists already inside the party . 
  starting a grassroots movement in one of two big parties is a lot easier than trying to work your way through the hierarchy of a european party . 
  becoming chancellor candiate in the spd or cdu would be impossible without decades of party and political experience . 
  proportional voting does n't work because hitler ? 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  jesus christ the people here, 
  they do n't need to win to move the political spectrum into any given direction . 
  again , less focus on labels , more on policies . 
  and you really should n't invoke godwins law because that would be fucking retarded, 
  fptp is much more susceptible to subversion than multi party systems . 
  it 's easier to infiltrate one of the big parties and move them around than it is to get a third party in a multi party system to actually influence something . 
  i 'm really tired of seeing this argument , it does n't matter what party label is on your policies . 
  a guy like corbyn would never go up ranks in the social democrats and he 'd get a single digit percent of votes in any other party . 
  the multi party system is much less flat . 
  ( which is arguably good because it has spared us the extremist takeover . ), 
  our economic policies have stopped making sense a long time ago . 
  we can borrow at zero interest and yet mr. sch\u00e4uble is talking about highway tariffs to collect money . 
  pushing austerity on europe was the equivalent of homeopathic treatment . 
  i really do n't know what we 're doing honestly, 
  attitude seems to be widespread among some cuban americans as well who 've somehow gone full mccarthy and never recovered . 
  really shitty attitude tbh . 
  this kind of stuff rustles my jimmies . 
  yes , the turkish minority is predominantly stuck in working class environments ( anything else would be surprising given that their parents/grandparents are almost exclusively working class immigrants ) but they 're well integrated . 
  at least not any worse than any other working class demographic . 
  to always use turkish germans as a scarecrow is pretty fucked up and does n't really reflect reality . 
   german car manufacturers rely heavily on the uk market for instance . 
  and i assume the brits want these cars for a reason and they 're not just throwing them into the thames after they 've bought them ? 
  this stuff cuts both ways . 
  when you hurt someone 's exports you hurt another 's imports proportionally . 
  not to mention that the eu of course is a giant importer of uk goods and services as well . 
  yes , so ? 
  where else wild it be ? 
  the city of munich has more administration than all european institutions . . literally . 
  can we stop with the bloated meme please, 
  the only issue that 's going to be relevant and that the republican party is unwilling to recognize . 
  for this reason alone any republican candidate is unelectable . 
  climate change , you 've heard of it ? 
  well and germany , austria , the netherlands , latvia and estonia are doing great . 
  so that 's hardly an argument especially given that there are few structural similarities between the british and southern european economies . 
  `` saints canonized include hitler and franco '' ... seems legit, 
  he actually tries to live in christ 's image , this of course rustles the jimmies of self declared pious catholics who unlearned to do that several centuries ago, 
  driver 's license i assume . 
  if you do n't have one i have no idea, 
  of course being pragmatic on principle is a fundamentalist ideology because you 're checking everything against the fundamental principle of pragmatism , or was pragmatism handed down to us by the gods ? 
  well it might have been , given that the uk does n't have the euro how do you know that they 'd not be doing great with it ? 
  there exists no national id system in the uk so these things are a little more difficult . 
  well that 's why i said that this field of research is contested , i did n't assert that there is universal consensus . 
  the crime rate argument is an awful one though . 
  obesity and life expectancy are rising at the same time , that does n't mean that obesity is healthy . 
  the relationship between violence and videogames is n't mono causal . 
  education , crime prevention and so on might simply have a stronger effect on crime than video games or movies , in fact that 's very likely to be the case . 
  no serious person claims that media consumption is the single largest factor in crime or violence prevention . 
  video-games are interactive so it 's not unreasonable to assume that this is an additional factor , but you are of course right , consumption of all kinds of violent media is linked to adverse behaviour including hostility . 
  ( [ source ] ( https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/reading-between-the-headlines/201309/violence-the-media-and-your-brain ) ) this has n't anything to do with ` not being right in the head ' . 
  if you consume many hours of media per week this is guaranteed to influence your brain in certain ways , people are n't magical unicorns . 
  if you feed your brain a lot of violent media it 's going to change , just like skimming text affects in-depth reading negatively . 
  the connection between changes in the reward system and video games for example is strongly established . 
  compulsive gamers show the same behaviour that occurs in gambling addicts , like loss chasing . 
  that 's actually a fairly contested field of research . 
  http://www.health.harvard.edu/newsletter_article/violent-video-games-and-young-people so no , we did n't learn for sure that video games do n't make our children more violent , we 're not really sure . 
  most experts seem to agree that violent media consumption exerts negative influence on at least a subset of children . 
  nope , that was the afd gauland http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/inland/afd-vize-gauland-beleidigt-jerome-boateng-14257743.html, 
  ethnic nationalism existed long before soviet rule and was already a topic in austria-hungary and pretty much every multi-ethnic state in history . 
  to reduce it to a body count is misleading . 
  pretty much every historical empire has produced an insane amount of misery . 
  to compare the soviet union to the 12 year nazi war machine that mass murdered * solely because they could and wanted to * is outlandish and is pretty much only done in the context of mccarthy style anti-communist propaganda . 
  of course , but i 'm also aware that after the fall of the soviet union ethnic nationalism made a comeback and that was n't a very pleasant experience for everybody either . 
  people have this exact same discussion about the influence of the heritage of the british empire . 
  if you discuss the effects of british influence on india nobody is going to shut you down because it 's an ambivalent topic . 
  why is this impossible in eastern europe ? 
   we 're at a crossroad here . 
  its either support for far-right loonies will fall pretty sharply , or we 'll go full retard after the boateng thing the afd is falling in public opinion polls for the first time i can remember . 
  it seems we 've officially reached peak retardation apparently there 's still a ceiling to the stupidity which is somewhat reassuring . 
  yes , it quite literally is because it 's an explicit rejection of the federal republic and the modern german state . 
  they 're saying `` we want to go back to pre-democratic times . '', 
  especially because the black-red-gold tricolor goes back to the revolution of 1848 .
