  apart from the historical reality that the arab states have been the aggressor in this whole mess ( what exactly did israel invade in 1948 ? 
  ) , what exactly do you define as israel 's and what as palestine 's territory ? 
  there has never been a palestine state . 
  there is no defined amount of land that is ` theirs ' . 
  if they want peace they need to talk to israel , they need to acknowledge their existence , and they need to accept that they ca n't turn the state they want into a theocratic hellhole . 
  israel 's job is not to make the un happy , israel 's job is to defend their population , which by the way is 20 % arabic , some of whom have served in the highest ranks of the israeli army . 
  what were the millions of israelis supposed to do ? 
  jump into the ocean ? 
  go back to europe where they just came from and where a third of them was butchered ? 
  are you accepting israel 's right to exist at all ? 
  if not i have no interest in continuing this conversation . 
  regarding the settlements : yes , they 're illegal , but they 're also a way for israel to keep control over territories that would otherwise fall into the hands of hamas . 
  after the aforementioned experiences with gaza i can understand why they 'd want to avoid yet another place from where people are throwing rockets at their face . 
   and maybe they should stop their colonizing of the west bank ? 
  you do n't get to whitewash israels half century long occupation . 
  hamas exists solely because israel is occupying their land . 
  this type of reaction would have happened all across the globe . 
  israel was ready to accept a two state solution with jerusalem under international control right in 1948 , which the arab league denied in hope of driving israel out of the region militarily . 
  they could have had their state right then and there , so what you 're saying is just historically untrue . 
  ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_partition_plan_for_palestine ) israel is not going to debate with the people who have announced that they would collectively murder them if they could , actually not a single country would do that . 
  israel tried a lot of different stuff . 
  when they withdrew from gaza in 2005 , what happened ? 
  the rocket shelling increased by 500 % or something and the people voted extremists into power . 
  gaza is n't free , it 's run by nutjobs and sadly because a huge chunk of the palestinian population will not accept israel for ideological reasons alone , it 's going to stay that way . 
  israel does not want a theocracy on their borders and i 'm definitely not blaming them . 
  no whataboutism is a ridiculous and infantile concept because international politics is actually determined by action and reaction and not by some imaginary code of conduct, 
  but it 's a very ahistorical position to take . 
  society has never been more egalitarian than it is right now , not despite but because of the progress you 're describing . 
  the world did n't look better for the average peasant during the feudal era when 70 % of the population was employed in the primary sector . 
  social redistribution started with industrialization and was n't dismantled by it . 
  and although the social gap has gotten somewhat bigger for two or three decades , in the big picture you have better mobility right now than you had ever before . 
  if they trade with another economy that demands poetry and offers food and resources , sure . 
  that is actually pretty much how the real world looks right now . 
  most developed countries have de-industrialized and focus on providing high-skilled services and trade those with countries that produce more labour intensive stuff . 
  if automatization increases the total amount of labour intensive work will just shrink and we 'll have more people moving into the service sector , which is generally good for environmental , social reasons etc. . . 
  / u/neversetinstone asked the same thing so i 'll just quote my response if you do n't mind :  you seem to have a misconception about what value is . 
  the service a youtuber produces is demanded by other people who pay for it . 
  he does not need to be ` supported ' . 
  he creates a good/service that is just as real working in a goldmine or building a car and brings it to the market place . 
   it does n't matter if you cut hair , hold a sermon or pump oil out of the ground . 
  all of these things are commodities that are worth something because they satisfy a need of the person who buys it . 
  none of it is less or more ` real ' than anything else . 
  creative jobs are just as valuable as any other job . 
  they do n't need money , they create money ( which is nothing but a means to facilitate exchange of goods and services ), 
  because the hamas and fatah are obviously run by progressive and pragmatic humanists, 
  yes if their is not enough demand for a good or service it will drop out of the market . 
  that has nothing to do with the youtuber , but is true for every job . 
  that 's pretty much the crux of it , yes . 
  i think if we 'd be a little smarter about how we educate our young generations we probably could . 
  we obviously have this problem to a degree in the eurozone already . 
  we have regions that ca n't catch up with the global economical development and lose their highly trained citizens in the process , while the old and untrained stay where they are worsening the situation . 
  the logical conclusion would be to redistribute wealth , increase class mobility to close the gap . 
  does n't seem to be very popular at the moment , though . 
  you seem to have a misconception about what value is . 
  the service a youtuber produces is demanded by other people who pay for it . 
  he does not need to be ` supported ' . 
  he creates a good/service that is just as real working in a goldmine or building a car and brings it to the market place . 
  it does n't matter if you cut hair , hold a sermon or pump oil out of the ground . 
  all of these things are commodities that are worth something because they satisfy a need of the person who buys it . 
  none of it is less or more ` real ' than anything else . 
  yes , we 'll do more creative stuff . 
  just look at what people are earning their living with nowadays . 
  streaming on twitch , publishing independently , and a lot of other jobs you could n't come up with 10 years ago . 
  there will also be new tech jobs around to maintain , build and develop more stuff . 
  basically the same thing that has happened over the last few hundred years already . 
  which does n't matter , as humans will then simply move on and earn their money with other stuff . 
  we 're not doomed to earn our living with manual labour . 
  if the machines do all of that we simply have more time to earn our money with other things . 
  automatization does n't increase unemployment long term , or we would all be unemployed since the spinning wheel was invented . 
  the labour force simply uses their freed up time and does something else or invents new jobs . 
  yep , he was awesome . 
  his actual name was n't even willy brandt . 
  it was just a pseudonym to throw off nazi agents !, 
  they act like they care , but for the most part they probably do n't . 
  speaking of historical ignorance , the marshall plan is probably the most overstated thing ever ( amounts to about 120 billion dollars today for all of europe , or about 0.6 % of europe 's gdp ) to act like this somehow trumps the involvement of the us in ww ii is just ridiculous . 
  well even nixon supported brandt 's and scheel 's * entpsannungspolitik * over further military threats or adventures and after all the country was unified 20 years later . 
  ever since then people here generally believe that a lot of talking , even if it takes decades is generally the better approach than wild sabre-rattling . 
  it 's not just economic pragmatism . 
  first off i do n't think there is a significant amount of human trafficking in construction ( why would there be ? ), 
  secondly the construction industry has social merit . 
  we ca n't live without buildings , we can on the other hand live without paying for sex . 
   he followed through on his promise to resign and did so . 
   the ukip nec then rejected his resignation , despite farage clearly wanting some time away what a shocking turn of events !, 
  but that 's not only because of negligence but also because the legalisation has created a * huge * grey area where laws are hard to enforce . 
  if you have tons of girls who barely speak any german , are tough to get hold of , how are you going to figure out if they 're forced to do what they do ? 
  if they 're being pressured to lie the police ca n't do anything . 
  prostitution is so shady that it 's especially hard to determine who 's breaking the law . 
  not really though . 
  ever since the liberalization of prostitution here in germany the country has pretty much turned into a hub for sex trafficking ( [ related article ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/human-trafficking-persists-despite-legality-of-prostitution-in-germany-a-902533.html ) ) to act like legalization always makes everything safer and better is just a platitude . 
  given the success they had joining it , probably yes . 
  they want to join the five eyes very desperately, 
  plausible deniability . 
  it 's very common practise when it comes to these things to inform senior officials only as much as they need to be informed so that they can do what merkel does now . 
  fine , i 'll correct myself : they have celebrated the victory day for 70 years , and have done a few dozen parades in the process . 
  the gist is still the same , no one ever thought of it as some kind of imperialist dick waving contest because people separated current political events from historical celebration . 
  russia has been doing this parade for 70 years and it has only been labelled as a symbol of russian aggression since the ukraine crisis . 
  there was absolutely no fuzz about it in 2010 , so i do n't see why it was supposed to be controversial for her to attend . 
  in 2010 absolutely nobody accused her of trivializing soviet crimes , so i do n't think it 's legitimate to retroactively label it as such . 
  and if schr\u00f6der was chancellor now ? 
  well i think he would have gone , he 's ridiculously close to putin .
