  breitbart is n't the equivalent of the guardian , it 's the equivalent of the pravda, 
  got ta lobby the shorts committee , someone on there must be corrupt, 
  the guy had breivik as a profile pic on social media and was into school shootings . 
  the fuck are you on about, 
  going out and shooting multiple people does not classify you as mentally ill , and that is not really being argued anywhere . 
  yes , exactly . 
  that why you should n't openly deter them , that will make it harder to lure them into traps because they 're going to be more secretive, 
  well he 's pretty much right . 
  can you point me to the grave penalties that companies have received in europe for violating regulations ? 
  there 's not much force behind it . 
  you think people who are literally willing to kill themselves are able to be deterred ? 
  like when rudy giuliani is screaming on the rnc stage you imagine terrorists sitting in front of their tv 's acting like `` hey shit man , they 're on to us , better get out of here ! '', 
  intelligence work is by definition secretive , for good reasons you 're not going to hear them brag about successful operations . 
  well it cuts both ways . 
  it looks bad when it 's just a random ukrainian guy who has infringed on copyright , but i certainly take no issue with the us using their influence around the world to get to drug cartels or warlords . 
  the sovereignty defense is a pretty weak one . 
  also kim dotcom really had it coming , there 's no reason to defend the guy, 
  that must be the steadfast leadership everybody is talking about at the convention . 
  high inflation is n't necessarily a problem . 
  in fact it 'd be a relief for the greek lower class as it 's a form of debt relief and burdens those who own capital . 
  the current deflationary situation is much more harmful . 
  and i do n't disagree that such schemes are without risk . 
  but within the current framework there is no hope for greece and that 's not a dark prophecy but just a sober accessment that pretty much most economists share . 
  since about ever, 
  and they even have incorporated all those evil arabic words into their language !, 
  the fifth column , i tell ya !, 
  it 's not a solution that solves everything and if your governance is shitty and corrupt it 's going to end badly , but that 's true anyway . 
  latin america has both run failed socialist as well as failed capitalist economies , protectionist and open , democratic and autocratic and anything in between . 
  but greece is n't venezuela . 
  it 's still a democratic nation with a fairly reasonably working government at least compared to venezuela . 
  the simple fact is simply that they ca n't indefinitely continue on the current course because the country is going to break apart over it . 
  greece actually had a fairly solid industry base , especially pre 2010 . 
  it 's not just all olive oil and tourists and the maritime and steel sector was pretty strong as well and the education level is n't terrible . 
  it 's not just a rundown country that can only survive on eu imports . 
  the question is simply what of all the given alternatives makes the most sense mid-long term . 
  if greece follows through with the european policy proposals that will continously drain the country they will stagnate for decades . 
  the best solution would be for the euroepan union to ditch austerity , reduce surplus in germany and the deficit in the periphery . 
  if this botched construct is going to continue though ( which seems fairly likely ) greece should bite the bullet and take the risk of leaving . 
  sure , but they do n't need a global market , they need an economy . 
  or more precisely if they ca n't find a way to incorporate into the european market without butchering their economy it 's not an endeavor worth participating in . 
  and especially our forced austerity policies are not rational . 
  the washington consensus stuff is pretty outdated . 
  take a look at the asian developing economies . 
  they engaged in a healthy dose of protectionism before opening up . 
  ca n't sacrifice your whole economic base on the altar of european monetary policy . 
  if greece follows through with the current policy prescriptions in exchange for money they 're essentially caught in a debtors prison for decades to come with a whole generation of young kids either wandering off or working under miserable conditions . 
  well there are these magical institutions called central banks that have the ability to print money that a greece with its own currency could access ... 
  true enough but it did n't make more sense back then either . 
  the ` labour reforms ' were simply a beggar-thy-neighbour policy that tried to compensate lack of productivity growth with cheap wages which just exported unemployment into the eu periphery . 
  now ten years later we 're well below in investment quotas compared to the oecd average , have low pension levels and continue to push a catastrophic trade surplus on our neighbours . 
  these ` reforms ' have been really terrible . 
  this is n't some sort of fringe opinion either . 
  it 's well established economic consensus so there 's no reason to create some kind of narrative of faux outrage about how badly the german people are perceived . 
  given that the eu is regarded as a tool to overcome the nation state and that this aligns fairly reasonably with anarchist goals i do n't really see where the contradiction is ? 
  the idea of europe is one of open borders , free movement equal value of all human beings and so on . 
  that seems fairly anarcho-friendly or at least orthogonal to their interests to me , at least compared to british conservatism and nationalism , no ? 
  i do n't think it 's primarily laziness or indifference but simply primitive favouring of the own group instead of commitment to universal values . 
  humans do love their borders , leftists included . 
  it 's why trotsky took an ice pick to the head and the spd broke up over the german wwi war effort . 
  there are simply not that many committed internationalists on the left who are willing to fight for the right of the chinese or bangladeshi worker . 
  it 's why i 've continuously grown disillusioned regarding the state of the european left . 
  with some exceptions , notably the southern european left ( not too surprising given that they 've a strong anarchist tradition , but somewhat surprising given the eu treatment they 've received ) the left has joined the usual anti-globalist choir . 
   i have n't heard any solutions and propositions at all from the left . 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard any leftist mention international labor unions in the last 10 years . 
  ^ hey ^ there ^ i ^ keep ^ mentioning ^ them seriously though what the graph is of course showing is that one group has especially profited from globalisation , and it 's not the elites but the international worker . 
  the big irony of left-wing criticism of liberalism is that liberalism has managed to deliver on socialism 's central promise . 
  ironically global capital is lifting millions of the international proletariat out of poverty every year and out of tribal and ass-backwards structures . 
  there needs to be an international framework on the left in response to this . 
  falling back to reactionary right-wing crap just to save the glorious domestic worker is stupid . 
  well not from merkel 's pov at least , she hates the idea with passion and has been lobbying against it for more than a decade, 
   the government is not the tool for that , competition is . 
  no , that 's exactly what the government exists for . 
  we have designated institutions that do nothing else , they 're called cartel offices here in germany and antitrust agencies in the us . 
  they check whether companies engage in anti-competitive behavior and then they act accordingly . 
  i really do n't have time for econ 101 , so it would be helpful if you could brush up on the basics instead of repeating the word ` competition ' fifteen times in one paragraph, 
  building something clever does n't grant you a blanket check to behave anti-competitively or implement other measures that grossly violate market mechanisms or work against the public interest . 
  there is no one way how capitalism works , capitalism was n't handed down to us by the gods . 
  if we think that a big company is abusing their market power we 're well within our rights to put a stop to it . 
  the us does the exact same thing all the time , often more agressively than europe . 
  see banking sector after the financial crisis . 
  not only the massacre but also the decades of conflict with the kurdish population arguably have their roots in kemalist ideology and ideas about national unity and purity . 
  erdogan is often being attacked for his stance on the kurds but compared to his historical counterparts he actually looks pretty flexible on the issue . 
  the nationalism clearly also had influence on the developments and cyprus and icnreased interventionemism abroad . 
  the crackdown on domestic dissidents directly through the military is another topic as well . 
  the central point is that kemalism is by no means benevolent or pluralistic . 
  it 's a product of the early 20th century idea to replace traditionalism with ethnic nationalism . 
  that did n't work out too well anywhere and is n't a recipe for today . 
  to be fair the kemalists also have a rich history of massacring domestic populations which is probably one of the reasons why the opposition towards erdogan is n't unified and why their has been no left-wing and kurdish support for the coup . 
  it 's not easy to push a liberal agenda forward in turkey or any other me nation for that matter because way too often they 're caught between religious extremism on the one hand and secular ethno-nationalism on the other . 
   i mean after this i imagine military is already in check . 
  i 'd even say that an unarmed population facing the military has a better chance of getting what they want than an armed one . 
  the military shooting unarmed civilians pretty much ends any kind of putsch . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/think_of_the_children i thought we had agreed that this line of reasoning is ridiculous ever since the simpsons did it, 
   a ) they were not an independent nation 80 years ago so were they also stabbing ottoman personnel and british personnel after ? 
  no , that 's what the zionists did . 
  i do n't know if you 're aware but there was a fairly bloody independence struggle between israeli settlers and british forces , and israel essentially took control of the state by force ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jewish_insurgency_in_mandatory_palestine ) i 'm really not sure why you think that violent struggle for independence is somehow categorically illegitimate given that it 's how pretty much any nation on this planet came into being . 
  your flag tells me you 're american , you do know that you celebrate a certain violent armed insurgency every year right ? 
  yes , it 's true for some people . 
  but bringing it up in the context of the current wave of terrorism is misleading . 
  those are not the same people .
