   the royal family live and breath charity work i 'm confused by this . 
  her money as well as her position are by definition inherited and funded by the public . 
  how is this supposed to be a sign of character ? 
  if i owned billions of common funds i 'd be a hell of a lot more charitable too . 
  yes , republicans can get a little angry , but understandably so . 
  even if the monarchic institutions in europe are mostly symbolic in nature it 's fucking offending . 
  it 's the ultimate incarnation of `` the rich guys above me know best '' which is an especially offensive combination for a socialist who 's also a republican . 
   are you sayings it 's ok for a uk commoner to touch her ? 
  yes , and they have resulted in refugee streams since forever , or do you think refugees only existed for the last six months ? 
  so you think we would have 10 times less refugees although the same war that made people come here in the first place is still going on if merkel had n't said nice things ? 
  who do you think merkel is , the dragonborn ? 
  they probably all deserve it equally , but as you yourself said we ca n't help everybody , so we 're going to help those who make it to germany . 
  i still do n't see what 's confusing or not obvious about it . 
  the right to apply for asylum is a constitutional right in germany , so is the obligation of the state to take care of it 's citizens health . 
  we do n't have any constitutional obligation to help build up favelas in brazil , although we probably should spend an appropriate amount on foreign aid as a wealthy nation . 
  for the time being we 'll take care of the people who make it here . 
  that we ca n't save somebody at the other end of the world is a non sequitur . 
  nothing , who says we ca n't or do n't help refugees and the poor ? 
  well i do n't understand what the purpose of calling yourself a leftist is if you 're supporting a horseshoe version of left politics akin to `` socialism in one country '' or whatever . 
  it has more similarities with new right-wing politics than with anything else . 
  a hallmark of european social democracy has always been an internationalist angle to politics and a fierce opposition to nationalism both from the left and right . 
  you can call yourself leftist in the populist `` liberalism is a conspiracy , the elites are robbing our people '' way but that 's regression to some version of leninism , which is n't exactly popular any more for many different reasons . 
  you can see this in germany where the afd , our right-wing populist party is largely stealing votes of * die linke * , they 're essentially tapping into the same voterbase . 
  refugee interests and german interests are aligned , as granting persecuted asylum is part of our constitution . 
  honoring the values of our constitution is in the interest of the german people . 
  there is no `` them or us '' . 
  there 's nothing surreal about it . 
  or maybe we just are n't a nation of sissies that bitches around every time someone benefits from our state that is n't literally me . 
  i 'm pretty tired of the reddit nationalist youth telling me what 's in my interest , especially the guys changing their accounts every two weeks including you and the guy above you because i presume you ca n't stand your own posts . 
  to improve regional representation and create stronger majorities . 
   you 'd rather have blood from some straight guy who have slept with 60 women in the past month than me ? 
  at least in germany you can not donate if you have constantly changing sexual partners , regardless of sexual orientation . 
  sure in a vacuum being a partner of the european union is probably better for your economical development than being part of russia 's sphere , but that does n't matter in a world in which russia is going to ruin your day if you drift away to far . 
  you can think that this is morally questionable but it 's simply a fact . 
  the country is de-facto at war now ( a war which it can not win ) , and nothing is worse than this . 
  the russia-ukraine relation is pretty unique , it 's not directly comparable to slovakia or the czech republic . 
  that considerable parts of the ukrainian population wants to have a good relationship with russia is n't just propaganda , the countries have strong historical ties . 
  also a whole different problem is that the eu would not be willing to torpedo her relationship with russia just because ukraine wants to . 
  this is n't just a cold war situation were ukraine can move into the eu save haven , they might end up with an angry russia and no significant strategic partner , which would be the worst of both worlds . 
  no , what i 'm saying that functional relations with russia are a requirement for ukraine to perform well as a country , but it 's not enough . 
  in the end ukraine needs to fight its corruption , social erosion and so on itself , but it can only work if the country has a working economy and that in turn depends on ukraine having healthy relations with its , by far , biggest trading partner and neighbour . 
  just being on good terms with russia alone will not create progress , ukraine after all has decided to be an independent nation and the lion 's share of the responsibility lies with ukraine itself , but it wo n't work as long as the country is caught up in a pseudo-war with russia . 
  well it can hardly be much worse . 
  what i 'm saying is n't that ukraine `` should just go roll over and die '' , what ukraine needs to do is accept that it ca n't function as a nation with russia as an enemy . 
  who is responsible and who has dealt historical injustice to whom is irrelevant and a rabbit hole that nobody will come out of with their sanity intact . 
  it 's delusional to think that ukraine can exist completely independent from russia . 
  it will wreak economical havoc and it will alienate a considerable part of the population . 
  sorry but ukraine is a failed state and has been since its inception and i do n't mean that in a derogatory way towards the population but it 's simply an objective assessment of the political and economical situation that ukraine is in . 
  it 's one of the poorest countries on the continent , it 's riddled with corruption , and oligarchs have been sabotaging the country for their own private interest to the point of making any progress almost impossible . 
  the gdp per capita is half of what it is in the republic of kosovo and on the same level as the republic of congo . 
  it 's just a sober assessment of the situation . 
  it was that way before the whole crisis that started two years ago , it is now , and it probably will be in the foreseeable future and everybody who had an eye on the development in the region already knew that . 
  i have that opinion since ukraine 's independence . 
  i have no huge emotional feelings towards either ukraine or russia , but somehow since the conflict with russia broke out people seem to demand some kind of allegiance from me , which is n't gon na happen . 
  the country has nothing to show for after 25 years , it 's that simple . 
  registration only makes sense if you have a quota system . 
  or else everybody registered in the czech republic would have to stay in the czech republic which is a burden that the country could n't handle , so they let them pass unregistered . 
  if there was a registration and quota system they would not get any money in germany , but only in the country they have been ` distributed ' to . 
  it has consequences . 
  negative consequences , positive consequences , there 's are risks , opportunities and so on . 
  but * absolutely nobody is disputing that * , the only thing we can control is whether we take the situation from a position of mindful optimism , or not . 
  the refugee situation exists know , people are coming and being upset wo n't let them evaporate in thin air . 
  they are here and we have to find solutions . 
  the problem though is that the people complaining all day are so categorically opposed to any form of social change that you simply can not talk to them , this is not a way how an outlook on which a society can be build . 
  and obviously they are allowed to voice their opinion and participate in the democratic process , but the fact is simply that they are a very loud minority , not a silent majority . 
  they get the representation they deserve , no more and no less . 
  sure , but if the sight of a brown person scares you up a tree there is little reason to have a rational discussion either way . 
  anyway , the statement that it is undoable for a society is factually wrong , as migrations of larger scale have occurred in ancient as well as modern history very frequently . 
  sure you can if evenly distributed across europe . 
  distributing 2 million refugees per year on the 500 million european population would mean growth rate for each country of 0.4 % annually . 
  that 's only a fraction of average population growth during the 20th century . 
  it 's completely ahistorical to claim that this could n't be done . 
  there have been much larger migration movements in history , even post ww ii . 
  these things are n't mutually exclusive . 
  nonetheless georgia legitimized russia 's military response to a large extend as the report claims that both countries violated international law . 
   refugees are supposed to claim asylum in the first safe country they reach . 
  this framework does n't work with the current refugee numbers , it was n't designed for the situation we have . 
  greece and hungary ca n't take hundreds of thousands of refugees . 
  this is why a quota system makes sense . 
  at the current moment the border nations have no option to let people pass through uncoordinated . 
  if they 'd register them they 'd have to accommodate an unrealistic amount of people . 
  because all liberal people are upper class yuppies . 
  i grew up in a working class household in a 5k people small-town . 
  if i 'm already part of the liberal conspiracy i must have been more affluent than i thought . 
  and this actually is the difference between western and eastern europe . 
  civil society in western europe extends far beyond the ` liberal elite ' . 
  there 's a sense of trust in society and the state even if you 're personally not well off . 
  she 's actually completely justified to point out how fast things can deteriorate between nations that have already stressed relations if the military is involved . 
  history is full of the stuff . 
  three years ago nobody would have guessed that there would be a war on the continent , but now here we are and it 's especially relevant * when we are talking about the fucking balkans . 
  * you can go grab a history book about the balkans , blindly point at something and at least three nations will be at war because someone has strangled someone else 's cat . 
   russian can join us careful there, 
  the results would have probably been very similar as erdogan enjoys widespread support among the population . 
  it 's silly to call it a dictatorship , because that 's simply not the case . 
  like russia it 's a democracy with deficits , and i do n't mean that as a euphemism but as an actual description of what it is . 
  dictatorships look a hell of a lot different . 
  i 'm a pleb , eu iv is too hard for me : ( i enjoy picking babylon and shooting rockets into space 1600 ad while bribing everybody into war, 
  some people really believe that the world turns into some kind of civ 5 game with tutorials on the more you geographically move away from the place that they live . 
  i 'd be happy if you guys would embrace the british socialists the way you embrace the turkish ones . 
  reminds me of german conservatives in the 90 's , where ` marriage in rape ' laws had to be passed against cdu opposition , but today no one 's quicker to talk about rape as long as it involves a scary young muslim man .
