  alleviating austerity and facilitating economic stimulation will , in the future , ensure growth instead of recession . 
  if a country grows it can pay back it 's debt . 
  if greece defaults the creditors will see nothing . 
  the creditors can now decide if they want to wait a little longer and get some money back , or if they want to insist on policies that greece can not fulfill and push greece into default . 
  the letter will gain them nothing . 
  whether the greek government will make good decisions in the future i do not know , but if they really would go back to a national currency there simply is no reason why they should pay back more than they think they are able to . 
  if they default the creditors will suffer substantial loses , definitely more than compared to a haircut while putting greece on a growth path within the currency union . 
  no , that 's why i said that an end to austerity will at least give get the creditors * some * of their money back . 
  that the debt is unsustainable is a position that the imf has reaffirmed just a few days ago . 
  if the creditors want to commit seppuku , sure . 
  the irony of this whole mess is that finally ending austerity is the only way how the creditors will at least see some of their money back . 
  this is pretty funny given the fact that economists all over the world have declared for years that the european austerity course is absolutely disastrous . 
  the european union is probably the last institution on this planet that should accuse other nations of lacking economical sense . 
  slovakia and slovenia are doing pretty good , too . 
  it is not an exaggeration to claim that the majority of eurozone countries have profited from the common currency . 
  because the hope was that weaker european countries can profit from lower market interest rates , transfer of knowledge and improved purchasing power to close the gap between the richer and poorer european nations . 
  it actually worked in a lot of countries , the baltics and eastern europe for example . 
  greece is only one country of the european union . 
  my guess would be that part time work is not as prevalent as in germany or the us , which obviously skews the numbers downwards . 
  in return the unemployment rate is far higher . 
  i do n't think there are ` fair play ' rules for international sanctions, 
  these have actually been the respective fiscal policies of the two currency zones , there is no generalization . 
  sure , mismanaged economic sectors can cause a crisis and financial services may be prone to it , but manufacturing can do the same thing . 
  they can cause environmental hazards , pollution , be resource dependent or can cause sudden unemployment if labour heavy jobs move abroad after a leap in a developing nation . 
  we have many examples of industrial western hubs going completely broke over the cause of just five or ten years . 
  most modern economies have de-industrialized , that is n't a particular point of concern . 
  the distinction here should not be about `` real '' and `` monetary '' but about regulated and unregulated , or ` well structured ' and ` badly structured ' . 
  the distinction does n't make a lot of sense . 
  banking is just as `` real '' of an economic activity as building a car . 
  solid summary about the two models , but the conclusions regarding the financial crisis are pretty much dead wrong ( to be fair that paper was published in 2009 , so it 's easy to judge in hindsight ) . 
  i 'm melting right now already , you ca n't be serious, 
  this is so true . 
  she 's a running infratest dimap poll . 
  the worst thing about it is that this is what people like most about her . 
  too bad this crisis is n't going to solve itself by sitting around . 
  i think you misunderstood me . 
  i 'm glad that we have the eu and try to close the gap between poorer and richer nations , out of historical responsibility or not . 
  i 'd just like that countries like slovakia would apply the same ideals to people who come to their country with the same hopes today . 
  the distrust towards public institutions , immigrants , democracy or quite simply each other . 
  many eastern german states or cities have very low trust in democracy and our government and are most prone to extremism and populism . 
  there simply is very little trust or belief in civic life and very little generosity . 
  it 's a little sad really because it were precisely immigrants and public institutions who brought in the labour force and money necessary to rebuild the country after decades of mismanagement . 
  do n't get me wrong i 'm glad we unified the country , but it would be nice if the people could at least treat others with the same amount of respect that they received when they were poor or and fled to western germany . 
  they were basically what people to day denounce as `` economic refugees '' . 
  well and i 'm not responsible for building infrastructure in slovakia , so it would be nice if the prime minister could transfer the european funds back that his country received largely out of solidarity . 
  this is something that fascinates me with ex-soviet nations and it 's very prevalent in former east-german states , too . 
  after having their asses dragged out of decade long economic recessions with trillions of dollars they still do n't grasp the concept of solidarity at all . 
  no region in europe treats the poor or any other marginalized group with less dignity . 
  after decades of socialism one would think that it ought to be the other way around . 
   there is an implied assumption that western media have integrity and report the news as is which is completely false . 
  maybe it 's more sophisticated propaganda in contrast with e.g. 
  rt , but if you start noticing the way they report stories it is crystal clear . 
  yes . 
  one just has to take a look at german 's reporting on the greek crisis and compare this to the international opinion of economists like krugman or stiglitz . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  if fighting would mean that the entire country gets wrecked and i have no chance of winning , yes i would . 
  all the other keyboard warriors here would too , because i doubt that more than 1 % of the people posting here have even gone through compulsory military service , yet alone ever fought a war . 
  do n't know why you 're being downvoted , you 're absolutely right . 
  everything ukraine can do to russia , russia can hand back tenfold . 
  ukraine should stop fighting a war they ca n't win . 
  it 's what the imf , every economist on this planet and every person who had their eyes open for the last five years believes . 
  no need to be greek for that . 
  nope climate change is an established scientific fact . 
  see , that is exactly what i am talking about . 
  in the sense that they hold utterly unbelievable positions in the face of overwhelming evidence . 
  i 'm saying that the beliefs are equally absurd , not equally malicious . 
  not really . 
  radical groups like the kkk , climate change deniers , holocaust deniers , radical evangelicals reside predominantly , ( but not exclusively , obviously ) in the us . 
  it is exactly the kind of `` that 's just your opinion , man '' attitude that creates the illusion that these people hold valid opinions . 
  what you 're saying is a relatively baseless claim that gets repeated on reddit a lot , although there 's really not a lot of evidence for it . 
  you can even take reddit as an example . 
  the big barely moderated default subs are a cesspool of nonsense simply because the people who scream the loudest are the people that get heard . 
  well moderated subs with strict rules are actually a lot better at fostering reasonable discussion . 
  * in europe * hate speech and especially harassment is not protected by freedom of speech , so as a * european * sub it kind of makes sense to go along those lines . 
  for definitions and cases see : http://www.echr.coe.int/documents/fs_hate_speech_eng.pdf, 
   he definitely does n't mean supporting a liberal democracy with gay marriages and equality between sexes . 
  that 's fundamentally incompatible with islam . 
  that 's probably true for a third or half of the european population . 
  also bringing up the example of not being in favour of gay marriage in the context of militant extremism is simply ridiculous . 
  technically not , practically yes . 
  if the ecb stops their ela program greece simply will need to establish a national bank and issue a new currency or they 'll not be able pay social security or anything else . 
  i 'm pretty sure they 're going to go back to a new currency before they 'd start a barter economy . 
   also , you have n't lived until you feel your hair frozen solid in the winter after walking to work ... it 's so much fun !, 
  ... how are you still alive ? 
   it 's not a one sided view when it is literally what happened . 
  if a wealthy person shoots a tiger in self defense , `` rich guy kills tiger '' would still be a factually correct title , you can probably see though why that would n't necessarily be a good choice, 
   look at this picture [ 1 ] and tell me with a straight face that you would keep trusting the person who is guiding you . 
  if i would get an euro everytime i 've seen that chart i could bailout greece by myself . 
  ireland and several other nations have gone through similar measures but have actually implemented necessary reforms and they look quite a lot healthier . 
  not a very well paying field to get a degree in, 
  in the case of greece capital controls will be a necessity as you can see right now . 
  without controls all liquidity would flee the country . 
  free movement of capital is one of the ` four freedoms ' of the eurozone . 
  by adopting a national currency and thus leaving the currency union greece would obviously be giving up one of those . 
  now i do n't know the exact legal situation in such a case ( if there even is any legal framework ) but i do n't think that greece could remain in the eurozone while abolishing one of the central founding principles . 
  the leaders can only do that if there is some progress in the country in question , which has not happened . 
  greece 's shipping industry is still tax free , the social system still hangs on pensions which is simply archaic and begs for abuse , the clientelism has not stopped ( giorgos tsipras is now general secretary of economic affairs , wonder where that came from ) , the wealth distribution is disastrious and the list goes on . 
  `` keep throwing your money into a black hole '' is nothing you will ever convince any sane electorate of . 
  i 'm pretty sure joseph stiglitz does not face elections in creditor nations and has to sell his constituents that they now have to finance stimulus packages after the bailouts have not done anything . 
  i 'm actually kind of baffled how convinced nobel laureate economists today are that there profession happens in a vacuum in which social , political and cultural realities do n't exist,
