  what are you gon na do , ban everybody named achmed or mohammed ? 
  even if they 're not practicing for three generations ? 
  if they have immigrant parents ? 
  what if they only have one immigrant parent , throw a coin ? 
  this shit is so stupid, 
   people that are dying in mediterranean ? 
  their blood is on your hands , and your friends , who advocate open borders , ensuring that poor masses get a massive incentive to risk their lives to get in . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  people are dying in the mediterranean for years now . 
  3700 people died in 2015 , 3200 people in 2014 long before merkel announced anything . 
  this is a long ongoing problem and we 're all responsible for letting people die . 
  https://imgur.com/f7pmmbl this is the death count over the years , can you tell me what the heck this has to do with merkel ? 
  you do understand that we have 40.000 kilometers of maritime sea border ? 
  that is absolute nonsense , we have never blockaded any such amount of territory , it 's absolutely ridiculous this subreddit is an absolute embarrassment , just look at the fucking ignorance here after 400 people died . 
  plot twist , next year he wins the lottery, 
  sure technically they could have stopped the process but the whole thing goes against the spirit of how law is supposed to be practiced here and merkel did the right thing . 
  and from the tone of the author it is clear that he just wants to stick it to erdogan , which is simply immature and not how things ought to be done here . 
  to interpret trust in our legal system as weakness is outright silly . 
  this part of the article :  she gave it , while in the same breath saying how she 'd like to overturn the law . 
  how about just not enforcing it . 
  yeah how about we just stop enforcing the law genius huffpo commentator , jesus . 
  obviously throw some charlie hebdo in for good measure . 
  because the only logical consequence of terrorist attacks is obviously to abolish the rule of law lol, 
  the big problem though is that volatile exchange rates increase investor risk and generally tend to keep foreign capital out of your country which , for small developing nations , can be a really big drawback who might profit more from opening their economy up than from having monetary tools . 
  i think the important part is that you need adequate governance and fiscal policies because you 're losing an important tool to manage the economy , but if you do the pegged currency is a big plus , see the baltic states after the euro entry . 
  also singapore is a good example which kept the currency pegged and stable up until the mid eighties which combined with a stable political system turned the country into one of the most attractive developing countries in the world . 
  only in the early 90 's they switched to a floating currency ( still closely controlled ), 
   this law itself states that the governement needs to decide if the law should be used yes , and because she considers state interference in judicial matters to be a bad thing she decided to leave it up to the court , which is very reasonable . 
  it 's not merkel 's decision to defend freedom of expression in the first place , she 's not the free speech emperor, 
  hitler would approve of protecting human dignity ? 
  at least in germany i ca n't remember a case were insult or libel actually resulted in jailtime , it 's simply the maximum punishment . 
  pretty much every conviction is a fine , which i consider to be justified . 
  human dignity deserves protection . 
  no thank you , i prefer civilization . 
  elevating insults to the level of actual opinions is how you get trump, 
  but it 's not like abolishing arabic itself is going to be a major thing . 
  arabic is n't inherently radical or anything , it 's just the predominant language of the arab people and in this case the original language of scripture . 
  it could help a little with exchange between muslims and non-muslims but i do n't think the language barrier itself is that huge of a thing , it 's getting people to exchange ideas . 
  most settled immigrants speak german anyway . 
  also in germany wahhabism does n't play that much of a role . 
  we do n't have that much of a religious divide in the country so enforcing this stuff is probably going to do more bad than good . 
  the funding thing is reasonable , infringing on the language speaking in a mosque goes to far . 
  well sure there was , at least in the catholic church . 
  it took until the second vatican council to modernize liturgy and abolish latin ( among other things ) . 
  was a pretty difficult change that faced lots of opposition . 
  the start-up culture is pretty awful anyway . 
  it 's a huge boom and bust thing nowadays , most startups attract venture capital , scale insanely over one or two years and vanish . 
  the social benefit of this is n't as big as people like to think . 
  the government should try to create an economic environment that supports modern infrastructure and technology , but we do n't need hundreds of app developing companies just for the sake of having them . 
  not to mention that the gentrification in cities with so much capital is an absolute epidemic for anybody who is out of the loop and a big driver of segregation in some of the american cities that have n't enacted counter-measures . 
  people need to look critically at this stuff also as far as spotify is concerned the company is n't doing that well and investors have been looking sceptically at them for a while as they have n't really found a good way to monetize their product , if they do n't increase user share drastically they 'll probably fail at some point . 
  not worth changing regulatory schemes for them, 
   would someone be allowed to say that islam is not compatible with the west ? 
  would you be allowed to say `` i think we should stop all muslim migration '' . 
  i think you would be charged with volksverhetzung for this . 
  no , you 're thinking wrong . 
  * volksverhetzung * requires either disturbance of the public order or incitement of violence . 
  article 1 supersedes everything else , human dignity is the foremost principle in german jurisprudence , hence it 's completely correct to state that hate speech laws restrict freedom of speech on basis of gg article 1 . 
  well , not totally different . 
  the main difference is the punishment . 
  fine or 1 year max if \u00a7 185 stgb ( `` insulting '' ) is used , fine or 3-5 and sanction by the government required if \u00a7 103 ( law in question here ) is used . 
  erdogan personally has sued under \u00a7 185 , so the discussion is kind of weird anyway . 
  hate speech as in * volksverhetzung * is yet another paragraph , \u00a7 130 , and is punishable by 3 months to five years . 
  for this either disturbance of public order or incitement of violence needs to take place . 
  the soviet form sure , but the state capitalist economies that do n't suppress social liberties and incorporate international trade and so on while shielding the critical sectors of the economy and keep them public seem to be doing pretty well , especially in the emerging economies , see singapore 's or south korea 's transition , while all the washington consensus stuff seems to fail pretty hard the pragmatic approach that is being pursued in asia is a lot more robust than western and especially anglo advocated reduction of the state . 
  yes , the sunni muslim community in a specific region of the world . 
  indonesia has 250 million muslim citizens who have practically nothing in common with someone living in a civil war . 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
  and christianity is a political ideology as well . 
  why do you think drugs are illegal here and monogamy is celebrated ? 
  ideology does n't stop just because you 're living in it , and criticizing other people 's ideology while being painfully unaware of your own produces obnoxious results . 
   muslims to a higher degree share general political and moral views than christians . 
  it is n't true just because you 're saying it is . 
  i do n't buy it . 
  have you ever even met muslims from all around the world ? 
  hell turks and iranians pretty much have nothing in common . 
  i mean the middle-east right now is literally in a huge political war and you 're telling me muslims somehow all share common views ? 
  how do you claim this stuff with a straight face, 
   13 % of 200 million people is still 26 million . 
  if you take this poll as representative of the wider muslim population of 1.6 billion then you have around 200 million supporters . 
  which you should n't . 
  would make about as much sense as extrapolating from 200 million christians to two billion . 
  no thanks i do n't have anything in common with segregationist evangelicals, 
  if everybody gets a day off we can as well keep the sunday work free and we avoid the hassle and guarantee everybody their free day . 
  there 's literally six days a week you can go shopping , that ought to be enough . 
  it 's also very important if you have organized social activities like if you 're a member of a political party . 
  the uniform free day guarantees that you can actually attend . 
  what about voting ? 
  not having a guaranteed day off is actually a fairly big deal socially . 
  because it makes planning stuff horribly complicated if everybody wants to get a holiday on the same day . 
  i want to spend sundays with the family and do n't want to have to figure this out on a weekly basis . 
  you do understand that consumers have to work as well right ? 
  if you want to shop on sundays you have to work on sundays , generally speaking . 
  thanks but no i 'd like to keep the sunday work free . 
  thanks jebus i guess . 
  planning family stuff would be much more difficult if there would be no universal rest day per week . 
  sure there are some exceptions culturally but as a general rule we can see that societies that get richer get fatter . 
  japan and surrounding countries are the notable exception basically but they have a pretty extraordinary cuisine . 
  they 've basically sticked to seafood and veggies while the whole world is going meat and sugar crazy . 
   it 's that we are very poor with few exceptions these obesity maps are pretty much disposable income lists,
