  yes . 
  murderous in the sense of the nazi regime ? 
  there is no value whatsoever in painting history with such a broad brush . 
  the gdr was oppressive , but it was not a genocidal state that started two world wars . 
  well it makes sense to use `` right-wing '' and `` nationalism '' interchangeably , as that is simply what being right-wing means . 
  but you 're not automatically a communist or left-wing because you 're secular . 
  also the link you provided says that it has 68k recorded incidents , nowhere can i find the number of 100k deaths . 
  '' ... other secular political non-ethnic extremists '' so everybody ? 
  how the fuck is everybody who is a `` secular , non ethnic extremist '' suddenly left-wing ? 
  there is none , he made it up . 
  the soviet union also freed germany of nazism . 
  it 's a little more complicated . 
  given the fact that the greek people voted against further austerity measures in a national referendum initiated by the elected anti-austerity government that now somehow has been waterboarded to conformity in brussels to the point of giving in , well i 'd hardly call that the will of the greek people to say the least . 
  their democratic will is simply being ignored by their own government , the few people that voted ` no ' are now gone , too . 
  but you 're right we 'll never know , because the same thing that happened in 2009 , 2012 and 2015 will probably happen again in 2-4 years when the greek economy will even look worse . 
  what has eu bailout money to do with the greek people ? 
  as the name suggest it bails out creditors . 
  if you 'd have pumped that money into the greek economy greece would n't be where it is . 
  this is where the new bailout is going to go : https://imgur.com/rnqr628, 
  sure , i did n't want to imply that this should n't be the case . 
  i just wanted to make clear that eastern europeans need to come off their high horse here as not a single nation of that region is a net eu contributor . 
  it 's just another thinly veiled attempt of throwing stereotypes at the greeks . 
  they 're not paying for anything , they 're net receiver of european funds , together with all other eastern european and baltic nations . 
   a better analogy would be a student is paid peanuts and then is forced to also share his paycheck money with a new guy . 
  [ ... ] that would fit better . 
  it 's not about spite , it 's about poor countries sharing the burden for a richer one . 
  slovakia is a net receiver of european funds . 
  , so are all eastern european and baltic countries by the way , estonia and lithuania leading the list ahead of greece ( per capita ) . 
  so no , either they are ill informed or you are spiteful , but they 're definitely not the one handing out the bucks . 
  the difference is that in most european countries you can safely live on social welfare while in the us you might even have full healthcare coverage although you are working two jobs . 
  work for works sake is n't exactly social progress, 
  there are a lot of european countries with strict labour regulation , especially in northern europe , that do not suffer from high unemployment , and the demography in southern europe is n't * that much * better than in japan or germany , not to mention that young people have been massively emigrating . 
  i do n't see where unambiguous connection to age or labour regulation is supposed to be . 
  on the other hand it is pretty clear that if you cut an economy down by 25 % over five years your labour market is going to wither away . 
  wages in greece are 40 % down , the deflationary pressure on domestic business is insane . 
  if `` labour market reforms '' would lower unemployment greece should have negative unemployment by now . 
  you practically ca n't fire anybody in japan and the country has been in full employment since god knows when . 
  the answer is : austerity policies in the eurozone coupled with internal devaluation that has destroyed the domestic economy , which after all is the biggest employer in pretty much any given country . 
  finland 's population is fucking old , just like ours and japan 's . 
  the median american is ten years younger than the median german/fin , plus you have a steadily growing population through immigration ( mainly young people ) , also you do n't break out in hives if you hear the word debt or inflation which probably helps, 
  you do realize though that not all muslims of norway are in that room, 
  none , neither does the catholic church . 
  a lot of christians and muslims tolerate gay people though , which is what matters . 
  stop projecting the ideological stances of institutions onto groups of people or individuals . 
   call this hypocrisy if you want , but for me , it 's pretty obvious that the anti-gay and anti-immigration sd ( organizing a gay parade ! ), 
  is the party that is being openly hypocritical here for the sole purpose that such headlines as this could spread on the internet . 
  uhm ... but i agree with you : (, 
  because you ca n't be a muslim and tolerate gay people ? 
  has anybody even asked the swedish muslims what they think about it ? 
  no hint of it in the article . 
  even the gay people do n't seem to be supportive of the idea that they 're being instrumentalized by right-wingers . 
  i 'm really tired of this unreflected internet-libertarianism in every fucking post regarding free-speech . 
  no , punishing people for spreading unconstitutional shit is not contradictory , just as banning undemocratic parties in a democratic state is n't contradictory . 
  and no , you are allowed to have all kinds of views , you are not allowed to spread stuff that undermines the values of ( in this case ) british society . 
  and if you take a look over the atlantic , no radical free-speech does not create harmony or enlightenment , at least i do n't consider weekly killing sprees , kkk-demos and quasi race-wars a sign of an enlightened or unified society . 
  it might be truth in this case or not ( and it definitely was when soviets climbed on the reichstag ) , but i did n't want to dabble in the politics of this topic again because it has never ended well on this subreddit , but a painting is no way for us to figure it out . 
  that caricatures and symbolism have largely replaced analysis and thinking in modern political debate is a very big problem . 
  a lot of people seem to think that unedited footage , aka facts , is a good way to form an `` unbiased opinion '' ( there is no such thing ) , but it 's really not . 
  there has never been a more ahistorical and superficial form of opinion making than there is right now , and all the fast paced news , caricatures , pundits and gonzo journalists are n't helping . 
  and if i draw a picture of a ukrainian town getting shelled by the ukrainian army , or israel starting the six day war against egypt , or burned corpses in dresden after the ally bombardment ? 
  all these things are * facts * , but they are not * truths * because they only show part of the story and only that part the artist wants us to see . 
  truth requires reflection and context , and art is by definition limited and manipulative . 
  a painting or art more specifically is not a good medium to make a concrete political argument . 
  universal statements sure , contemporary politics not so much . 
  picasso 's la guernica is n't depicting a specific political leader , it 's simply an abstract anti-war painting ( that 's why we talk about it today ) . 
  that 's really not comparable as la guernica is simply a timeless statement against war , while the painting in question is clearly shifting responsibility on a contemporary figure ( whether warranted or not is irrelevant for the purpose of propaganda ), 
  [ very relevant scene ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wchznvtlnlo#t=45s ), 
   what about the great internet infrastructure that guy promised ? 
  i mean we could basically borrow money at zero interest rate to modernize our shit , but for some reason that eludes me we have decided not to, 
  are you just saying that because conservative pundits say it ? 
  [ greek productivity growth ] ( https://kkalev4economy.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/euro-productivity-growth.jpg ) and [ greek labour cost ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/dd/unit_labor_costs.svg/300px-unit_labor_costs.svg.png ) were completely fine up until the crisis . 
  what is your data to back your claims up ? 
  no , the strategy should be the same that it has always been , which is granting people asylum who need it . 
  yes 0.1 is nothing , as it does n't even outpace the european birth rate . 
  i do n't know whether you are a bigoted racist , your appeal to emotional fear certainly follows the same popular rhetoric , but almost all european nations are host to a foreign born population of 10-30 % already and we still have intact statehood . 
   what exactly is xenophobic in this stance that europe is not capable of providing sanctuary for unlimited number of refugees/illegal migrants from me/africa ? 
  that there is no unlimited number of refugees . 
  the total number of refugees coming to the european continent last year was 500k , or in other words 0.1 % of the european population . 
  there simply is no reason to conjure up the scenario of `` unlimited refugees '' and invoking imaginary of a zombie apocalypse other than being a xenophobic asshole . 
  the use of language like `` how are we supposed to take up the * entire population of africa * ( which is a staple in every thread of this kind ) tells more than enough about what is going on in the minds of people saying it . 
  we are n't supposed to do that , we ca n't , but we also wo n't need to because the entire population of africa is simply not coming to europe . 
  what the politicians you mentioned are doing also is n't `` voicing something in a dramatic manner '' , it 's a straight out lie , a fantasy scenario that plays with fear and resentment of a certain part of a population and it 's a shitty way with the sole purpose of poisoning public discourse . 
  so please excuse me for not having the nerve to engage in debates about the same horror scenarios time and time again and just accept that some people are going to call these bigoted racists out for what they are . 
  the recession is n't reverting it 's getting worse , and it will , by definition of what austerity is , not improve until the political and fiscal course is changed . 
  that the economy has been `` growing '' over three summer months last year is as much of a political success as the fact that the weather has improved . 
  saying that greece has economic growth ( the economy is down by about 25 % compared to 2010 ) is like saying that somebody is living a healthy lifestyle because he went from 200 pounds to 300 and for a month back to 290 . 
  unemplyoment is at 25 % , debt is at 170 % ( projected to go up to 200 by the imf ) , youth uneymployment is at 60 % or something . 
  no , the country is not groing , nope greece is not out of a recession - by objective indicators greece is doing worse than the us during the great depression . 
  greece was never out of recession . 
  the unemployment and debt were constantly rising over the last five years reaching their peak this year . 
  running a primary surplus is not the definition of `` ending a recession '' . 
  technically you 're right , but this completely and utterly does not apply to greece as every refinancing through foreign bailouts is coupled with `` structural reforms '' that completely piledrive the greek economy moving greece further away from access to the private capital markets and recovery . 
  think about what language you wrote your post in for a moment, 
  the mosque seems to be funded by turkey , so i do n't think it will affect the romanian budget . 
  if anything it might bring in some tourist money in the future . 
  the state is a representative of its citizens , the majority of them being religious in the case of romania . 
  so why should the state not have the mandate to shape the cityscape in a way that reflects its citizens beliefs ? 
  living in a secular society does not mean that the public space is free of any religious symbolism , it means that people are guaranteed equality in front of the law and freedom of expression , religious expression included . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  what people are advocating in this thread is state atheism comparable to how it was handled in the soviet union .
