  more like a confidence vote and not a contest , and it 's just a few hundred party delegates and not the base . 
  but yeah the spd generally is a little bit more democratically organized than the cdu . 
  you 're putting the cart in front of the horse . 
  developed states have lower fertility rates because they run capital instead of labor intensive economies and rely on state welfare structures instead of the family . 
  having less children is n't magically going to develop your country , how would it ? 
  not developed countries rely on high fertility rates because agricultural economies require a huge young workforce . 
  the whole caucus system is very different from party politics in europe because candidates usually are n't determined by public vote , i think that 's why it 's always drawing some attention . 
   there 's a difference between acknowledging the fact that our laws are predicated on religious values but that is not what trump believes at all . 
  just pay close attention to his rhetoric . 
  `` make america great again '' , which implies that america is n't great , which is something that an american conservative would n't say . 
  maybe america is a little flawed but the american people can never be so wrong that a mighty guy needs to step into the presidential office and radically alter what america looks like . 
  that kind of collective radical change is something that is qualitatively new and it is very un-convservative , nationalist and not american . 
  i think a core part of the conservative mindset in the us is that things in the us can never get * really bad * . 
  there is some intrinsic trust into the nation that disempowers every political leader . 
  nobody needs to * make * america great , because america just * is * . 
  trump is explicitly rejecting all of that because he does n't think that america is exceptional and that without great measures america is going to ` lose ' , and that he is the guy for the job . 
  they were n't ultra religious but they appealed to religious and traditional values . 
  ( reagan clearly envisioned america as the city upon the hill , gods chosen nation etc. . . ) trump does n't do that . 
  he 's even kind of undermining american exceptionalism when he goes on about how the us are `` losing to china / russia '' , in his quest against the establishment . 
  if you 've ever listened to him before this election , he does n't give a crap about family , abortion or whatever . 
  he gave a speech recently at a religious college and could n't read the bible correctly and started a verse with `` two corinthians '' , which drew laughter from the audience . 
   we liberalized in the 1780s while you still had your silly monarchs ... 
  i 'm saying modern europe , the fascist , nationalist , post-religious one , not the middle ages . 
  which basically was an egalitarian movement against the liberal , civilized society fueled by a disenfranchised , working class , male youth which is why the comparison is so striking . 
  leader cult , fear of ` the other ' , riling the plebs up , disregard for civil society , nationalism etc. . . also irreligious and authoritarian which is very peculiar for the american right . 
  i 'd argue that the united states never had that element in their society before , it 's very european in a way . 
  it 's also the happens to be a consensus among modern economists , so there 's that . 
  austerity simply makes no sense , it * by definition and intentionally * shrinks the economy , with the defenders of it arguing that it miraculously increases investors trust into the economy ( which it does n't because it 's actually killing the economy ) and it has n't actually been observed in reality , pretty much every country that was forced into austerity measures after the banking crisis is in deep shit ( ireland 's debt by the way has risen 400 % since 2007 so much for recovery ) , while countries like the us who are n't run by people who do n't understand moneatry policy are doing quite well . 
  it makes about as much sense as believing in unicorns and leprechauns, 
  because the subs have collectively gone off the deep end , it 's ridiculous . 
   also it would be very strange to promote hitler as someone good after wehrmacht was treating poles maybe a bit better than soviets , not stranger than the fact that the pegida movement is being led by a criminal who fled to south africa to avoid his prison sentence ( for sixteen burglaries , drunk driving , dealing cocaine and assault , btw ) , and seek refuge those people do n't exactly possess the most rational of mindsets, 
  uga uga uga me no like, 
  if you 're trying to pick words there 's no point talking to you . 
  as i said before , no i do n't consider material support and a few spec ops guy to be a war at this day and age , so does pretty much nobody on the international circuit at the moment or ukraine and russia would n't meet every few months and talk to each other , nations at war rarely do that . 
  war can happen in two ways . 
  one nation declares it , or two nations start fighting without declaring it . 
  when none of those take place you are not at war . 
  war is n't just a synonym for `` land is annexed or occupied '' . 
  austria and the northern and western parts of the sudetenland were annexed by germany , but no war took place . 
  ( sudetenland seceded after the munich conference ), 
  if this is your greatest cultural product you have a problem, 
  they 're not only not fully mobilized , they 're primarily providing material and logistics support with some spec-ops thrown in . 
  the war mindset is also mistaken for the very important reason that the goals russia is pursuing here probably are vastly different from what you 'd expect from a war effort . 
  it does n't seem like russia is trying to annex more parts of ukraine or directly take control of anything but to bolster the ideologically aligned separatist movement . 
  war happens either when someone de jure declares it , which has n't happened , or when two parties enter an armed conflict of significant scale , which has happened to a very limited degree . 
  annexation or occupation do n't automatically mean that someone is at war , either de de jure or de facto . 
  even with all the fighting going on the ukraine / russian conflict is primarily a diplomatic endeavor or the situation would look a hell of a lot different right now . 
  define ` nature ' . 
  yes it does n't change the legal situation , but international relations are n't primarily done on legal basis or else we would n't have 99 % of the conflicts we had in eastern europe over the last 100 years . 
  people have moved so often and borders have been redrawn so often that people are still living in a ` might makes right ' kind of mindset . 
  and that is n't just true for russia , russia just happens to be the guy with the biggest guns in the closet . 
  obviously it would , that 's also a ridiculous comparison . 
  i 'm not defending what russia did in any legal sense because it is a violation of international law and standards , but crimea is ethnically russian to a large degree . 
  germany is n't ethnically or culturally american and the united states are located on the other side of the atlantic . 
  eastern europe has a distinct history in that regard . 
  to be fair when we talk about war we 're either talking about a civil war , or about a huge scale armed conflict between two nation states . 
  this is more of pseudo-proxy-incursion or however you want to call it . 
  it 's really a new form of warfare we do n't have any classification for . 
  if russia were at war with ukraine , ukraine would have been leveled about a year ago . 
  it 's more than just semantics , too . 
  the old tools we had to deal with war do n't really seem to work here . 
  do n't smell whataboutism everywhere . 
  the popularity of leaders going up during wartime is an almost universal occurrence . 
  churchill in the uk , roosevelt being the only president serving three terms , hollande after intensifying war and anti-terrorism efforts etc. 
  it makes sense to point that out to someone who is genuinely surprised about the development in russia . 
  there really is n't anything to talk about because this is n't a russian phenomenon . 
  crises prolong the status quo and popularize stability and order policies , no deep analysis required . 
  that does n't make local labor cheaper , it makes your goods more affordable in other nations , which i obviously never disputed . 
  i also did n't dispute that this gives you an economic advantage over a competing currency zone , it just has nothing to do with wages . 
  i have n't revolutionized anything . 
  this is common knowledge if you actually comprehend what the difference between external and internal devaluation are . 
  if i am mistaken please explain to me how adjusting a foreign exchange rate reduces labor cost . 
  i do understand the economics of it . 
  external devaluation of a currency ( which we are talking about ) means that the exchange rate to foreign currency is changed . 
  labor in the country is n't going to become any cheaper or more expensive because you change the exchange rate with another currency , that makes absolutely no sense . 
  nothing changes for the domestic market . 
  that is called internal devaluation and simply happens through a reduction in wages or other costs for the employers , which is what countries like greece have been doing until now . 
  how the heck are the input costs supposed to be lower if the import costs are going to rise with a devalued currency ? 
  this is going to make products more expensive . 
  the only positive thing for the domestic economy is an increase in jobs , every other metric is going to suffer . 
  if you want a real-life example take russia right now . 
  not all countries are significant exporters into the international markets . 
  many in europe actually are not to the degree that germany is . 
  the guy i responded to questioned whether germany 's imports are cheap and whether germany 's surplus actually flows into the eurozone . 
  if that were not the case a devalued currency will not help , because the whole point of it would be to be able to compete with germany . 
  i do agree with you , the eurozone does boost german exports . 
  but that also means that it boosts the imports of the debtor countries , which is another way of saying that it increases their standard of living . 
  yes , i know . 
  what i said did n't contradict that . 
  if they are primarily bought everywhere else and germany is not generating its surplus in the eurozone then this is a non issue and nobody would need to be upset . 
  in that case a flexible currency would offer no advantage to the other eu-countries , because the whole point of the flexible rate is to make the domestic market more competitive . 
  on the flip side germany could argue that we are subsidizing the rest of the eu with goods that are artificially cheap and propping up their living standard . 
  it 's a two way street . 
  a flexible currency would make our neighbors more competitive but make the access to german goods more difficult . 
  generally prioritizing domestic issues over monetary solutions seems to be a more reasonable solution at least long-term as most of the countries that go too wild on devaluation tend to stagnate at some point if they do n't fix the underlying structural problems . 
  especially small countries in the eu with a lack of capital have profited greatly from the euro or currency peg because it opens up the market for investment and reduces exchange rate risk . 
  it 's more reasonable to take a hit on the wages than to cut yourself off from the international markets . 
  sure it 'll take decades , i did n't say that it 's easy . 
  nonetheless it 's possible and a worthwhile effort . 
  sure it can , why should n't it ?
