  people have successfully been sued for making racist comments on the internet ( mostly social networking sites ) , the only problem here on reddit would probably be the practicality because of the anonymity . 
  [ must have been a child of the atom ] ( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/fallout/images/9/9a/cromwell.png/revision/latest?cb=20081109015559 ), 
  this is about a humanitarian crisis , not geopolitics . 
  edit : this fucking sub , keep upvoting the xenophobic shit, 
  yes , china and russia really seem to be very intimidated at the moment . 
  given the economic and population growth of the brics nations the balance will only shift further in the future and at some point it would probably be better if the us would n't try everything possible to alienate all of her allies . 
  you can actually have the same opinion as we do without being in danger of being annexed, 
  because your local major is obviously an expert in every field and totally incorruptible . 
  seriously , nothing is worse than local politicians . 
  the eu has pushed for tons of consumer friendly legislation while for example , our current government , has repeatedly tried to throw a wrench in to protect the interest of big national corporations . 
  two examples : co2 emission legislation which would have ` hurt ' our car industry ( which in other words just means that the car industry would be forced to produce innovative cars , how horrible ) and 2 . net neutrality which our government is not in favour of . 
  great strategy in a unipolar world but not so clever if you actually need allies and it turns out that you 've got no support anymore, 
  i was n't really talking about the legal situation and i said that in principle i agree that everybody ought to have the same rights , my point was a different one . 
  i do n't think gay people , from their perspective should try to appeal to people who have screwed them over for decades . 
  gay marriage has become a symbol of acknowledgement . 
  it 's not about some practicalities of life anymore , it 's about getting intolerant people to say `` yeah , we finally tolerate you ! '', 
  no one organizes a protest because of inheritance law . 
  some immigrants do this , too . 
  they try to get rid of their accent , try to live as conservative as possible and give up all their roots just to impress people that have treated them like second class citizens most of their live . 
  i do n't think that 's a particularly healthy attitude . 
  yes . 
  let 's also vote for a proposition that hurts existing eu treaties and will cost our economy billions . 
  no thanks , direct democracy is a system for people who are too lazy to participate in civic life . 
  it gives you all the power of decision-making without the obligation to debate and be challenged by other people 's ideas . 
  it basically removes all the institutions that are supposed to sort out awful ideas because there simply is no process for public exchange about them . 
  i thought i made it quite clear in the last post , but okay continental europe --  mediocre welfare state , workplace regulations , state involvement combined with corporate welfare schemes = good for family enterprise and small business . 
  scandinavia ( and developing in the baltics and some part of eastern europe ) --  awesome welfare state , little regulation , free market principles = good for all kinds up dynamic modern business . 
  now you bring up two points . 
  one is berlin . 
  well that 's our capital and not at all reflective of germany . 
  it 's like saying `` nothing in america works , look at detroit '' . 
  it 's a hugely indebted city , politics is heavily oriented towards international business , it 's not comparable to the rest of the country . 
  regarding german vc funding . 
  yes the government funds them , but that does n't defeat my point . 
  there is actually so little vc overall that the government jumps in and throws some money at it to kickstart some stuff . 
  overall traditional methods of funding are way more dominant . 
   he kind of people that go to nice bakeries tend to be put off by lots of homeless people right by the door . 
   however you would think before banning the guy/gal they would ask him/her to stop . 
  oh yes , we ca n't bother our bourgeoisie to look at the peasants fighting over breadcrumbs, 
  they actually are . 
  there is no minimum wage in scandinavia , and worker protection is very lax , also known as [ flexicurity ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flexicurity ) . 
  now they can just get away with it because of their huge social net which can be maintained because they 're small and rich , so you do n't have the averse affects that you have in the us or that germany would experience if it were to implement these policies . 
  different culture when it comes to welfare , privacy legislation , technology , capitalization etc. . . start-ups seem to thrive in deregulated economies , with people who are willing to invest into high-risk ventures and many european countries do n't have the right economical environment for this . 
  i do n't think it 's a bad thing though , i would n't be willing to trade what we have for a few fancy it companies . 
  related , a reddit post a while ago that compared italy 's regions to the gdp/capita of other nations : http://i.imgur.com/eof8zxg.png, 
  had it once , thought i had a heart attack afterwards . 
  i think i was high on cholesterol . 
  how do you guys survive this for years, 
  john kerry has been warning them because they can not win this war , he has n't made a moral judgement . 
  he has just acknowledged that russia is going to level the country if ukraine gives them a reason to . 
  and it 's more than some people earn all their life in sierra leone , what 's the point ? 
  50k euros were stolen in a country with 6 million inhabitants , obviously we need to spin this into a `` jihadists are funding the war with help of the danish welfare state !! '', 
  story . 
  wtf has happened to political debate , lol, 
  do you have the democratic right to be the loudest guy on the town square in sweden ? 
  stop being salty that the jerks got shut down, 
  yeah sorry guys , we really do export everything . 
  glad so many counter-demonstrators turned up though, 
  you are completely correct , we basically weaselled ourselves out of it by renaming the peace treaty to ' 2 +4 ' which is simply no way for any responsible country to behave . 
  obviously we 're sovereign and we 're at peace and obviously it would only be fair to pay the war reparations even if it only was a symbolical amount . 
  that people are denying this on the basis of some legal or bureaucratic technicality is shameful , really . 
  south korea was a dictatorship until the 80 's under the unelected military general/dictator [ chun doo-hwan ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chun_doo-hwan ) actually pretty much all of the ` asian tigers ' were run by ( benevolent ) dictators and did pretty well . 
  there is a lot of evidence that infant economies grow reasonably well under some mild form of autocracy while there is absolutely no evidence that the ` washington consensus ' style shock liberalization works anywhere . 
  a 12 year old kid is being a jerk , `` the black muslims are murdering our children !!! '', 
  ... today on / r/europe, 
  you do understand though that countries are legal ( also cultural and social ) entities , right ? 
  they hold contracts and obligations no matter which individuals currently live in them . 
  they 're not just random spots on a map, 
  i 'm not suggesting that it 's a black and white issue , all i 'm saying is that the economic environment in the us favours innovation over other things . 
  it 's easier to get venture capital in the us , there 's less consumer protection , it 's easier to get high skilled workers given the performance of us privatized university system , but all of this comes at the expense of social welfare , public services , and so on . 
  i 'm glad that the us is such a tech heavy country , i 'm just saying that i 'd not be wiling to trade our welfare state for it . 
  i think he 's talking about the market environment in general that you need for such companies to flourish , and that definitely does not benefit most people . 
  it 's great if you rake in 150k a year in silicon valley , but most people are n't working there . 
  if that amount of inequality and de-regulation ( also in regards to data protection legislation ) is necessary for these kinds of companies to be happy , i ' l pass too . 
  reddit is pretty much the digital version of a trailer park community . 
  the demographic of reddit is overwhelmingly male , white , low income . 
  it generally gets better the smaller the subreddit is , but the general tone here surely is reflective of its demographic . 
  they actually do this in china and it looks a little bit like something out of a dystopian novel , not sure i 'd want to live there, 
  well i 'd like to have a healthy rural and suburban population in the country . 
  turning the country into some kind of monolithic megacity does n't exactly sound appealing . 
  ( and actually has a lot of adverse affects which can be seen in france and the uk ), 
   the us wages a war and then gets the fuck out a couple years later . 
  ... with about half a million dead native people . 
  not that this legitimizes the annexation of crimea but you ca n't seriously argue that the one is somehow infinitely better than the other just because there was no landgrab . 
  not to mention that there is n't much left of most countries the us rolls over anyway . 
  pre-emptive wars are without a doubt legit . 
  glad that we 've arrived at the israel is literally hitler point of the discussion , always a pleasure . 
  israel does n't actually need to do anything . 
  they 're supplying gaza with electricity , they 're supplying them with food while hamas is using international funds to dig tunnels and build explosives and to start their propaganda campaigns when the whole mess turns into a violent confrontation every few years . 
  they can obviously keep doing that and keep getting their asses handed to them , i feel genuinely sorry for the people getting hurt , but i 'm not going to fall for the ridiculous narrative that islamic terrorists are the victim here . 
   ou are lying and you know it ... israel started several wars , including the 6 day war when it launched massive air campaigns against syria , jordan and egypt . 
  that is an established fact , you can twist and turn this as much as you like , but israel started . 
  the six day war is among historians considered to be an example of a pre-emptive defensive war , as egypt was massing up troops on israel 's borders among other threats . 
  [ npr had a good piece on it ] ( http://www.npr.org/news/specials/mideast/history/ )  israel needs to take its colonizers and gtfo the west bank and gaza waters . 
  hamas needs to maintain restraint and build a viable military defense force so that israel can be kept in check , a balance of power if you like . 
  israel is to protected for its own good . 
  what needs to happen is that hamas is ousted from power so that israel actually has somebody they can seriously talk to . 
  if they keep attacking israel they 're not going to get their state , it 's as simple as that . 
  no country on this planet will accept a nation that is throwing fucking rockets at them . 
  you 're not engaging my arguments at all .
