  parents feared for their kids and so on . 
  or take the civil rights movement that turned violent more than once . 
  these people were demanding radical systemic changes , but today a code of conduct on a university campus is considered ` radical ' while real socialists are as rare as unicorns ? 
  i do n't see where this radical youth is on the left spectrum . 
  there is no radical left . 
  all that 's left is apolitical people , a few liberal yuppies and a ton of reactionaries . 
  yes and i 'm sure they 're okay with enduring that for some time , but at some point they need a perspective and they need to be able to enjoy at least the basic freedoms that other individuals enjoy , too . 
  you ca n't just sit around on a few square meters with a dozen other people , you 'll lose your mind . 
  most people could n't stand in a queue for hours but we expect war torn people to endure it for months . 
  there needs to be considerably more money and infrastructure to be put in place to speed up the whole process . 
  well sure the main fault lies with our government allowing this behavior , although at least some countries are at least trying to put a stop to it . 
  and regarding digital rights , try to establish an uber clone and you 'll be surprised how fast you 'll get your ass sued . 
  it 's the current modus operandi in the software industry . 
  create an open source or customer friendly alternative , get caught in some sham plea and you 're practically forced to sell . 
  our whole digital rights scheme is insanely anti-competitive . 
  in relevance to the interview that this thread is about , we need to rethink if our definition of property the digital market is relevant and beneficial to the society . 
  yeah people still think that although the african continent from the 90 's is n't even comparable to how it looks now . 
  it 's ridiculous how fast it changes . 
  `` al '' is just an arabic prefix equivalent to `` the '' . 
  algebra literally translates to `` reunion of parts '' , algorithm and alchemy have similar roots because they were invented in the arab world . 
  uber is trying to be a taxi company without taking over any of the responsibilities of a company . 
  it treats its de-facto employees like self-employed people and circumvents any obligation that comparable businesses have . 
  it 's absolutely disastrous . 
  they 're cashing in a quarter of the earnings on the basis that they wrote a piece of software and now are lucky enough that our patent system grants them a ridiculous amount of protection from competition . 
  it 's the anglo business model on steroids . 
  zero employer responsibility , no productive value and make a fortune while sitting on your property . 
  well and the mexican drug cartels are making a shitton of money from cocaine , should we support this because it 's a successful business model ? 
  ( i do n't necessarily agree to apply this to minecraft because it 's a pretty cool game , but it 100 % applies to services like uber ) why should `` how much money something makes '' be relevant and not how something effects the public well-being ? 
  is this a legitimate position ? 
  a are a majority of finnish reservists even fit to serve ? 
  i know that a number of smaller countries hold this position but it seems like a historical relic . 
  weapons in the population affect topics such as crime , self-defense , suicide and so on . 
  do you think you can stop the russian army with a hunting rifle ? 
   i like our level of gun control but do we need to push it on europe ? 
  yes , do it . 
  i 'm serious . 
  push it on the whole world for all i care . 
  you brits are running an amazing police force and the gun control is part of that . 
  yep , there are no italians on the internet , it 's kind of weird really given that it 's one of europe 's most populated countries . 
  on the extreme ends of the physical spectrum , yes . 
  no , it 's a conspiracy theory comparable to jewish bolshevism . 
  fifth column country traitors and so on . 
  who exactly is the inventor of ` cultural marxism ' supposed to be ? 
  you need to visit a university and browse less kotakuinaction , you are blabbering abysmal nonsense . 
   it 's just a bunch of nutters marching yeah until it 's not . 
  history has n't ended and indifference is a dangerous ideology . 
  there 's a clear distinction and split between nationalist populism and conservatism in europe at the moment , pis definitely falls into the first camp . 
  the anti-commie rhetoric and anti-democratic measures internally and the alignment with orban and such on european policies make clear that pis is n't a conservative party . 
   is it true ? 
  for the same reason most miners are men . 
  the average guy is better suited to do heavy manual labour . 
  it 's relevant in the military ( with the exception of marksman type positions , women actually perform slightly better than men in shooting accuracy ) but it is n't very relevant in our service/information based economies , gender equality issues usually address the latter . 
  i do n't see why the two areas should necessarily be conflated . 
   why does the economist call it illiberalism ? 
  i do n't see that demanding restrictions on immigration would conflict with liberalism , when the immigrants are so conservative that it 's not possible for us westerners to understand it . 
  because the immigrants are n't as conservative as you think and you are not as liberal as you think . 
  there 's nothing to be said against fusion research at all , but that 's also not what i criticized your post for . 
  i was simply pointing out that we are coming actually really close to have practical completely renewable solutions for big industrialized countries , and that 's a statement largely supported by research . 
  that this fusion concept has been tested the first time in germany clearly shows that a commitment to renewable energy and fundamental research do n't exclude each other . 
  what i am clearly opposed to is starting to build large amounts of fission reactors right now , they 're not going to amortize . 
  harvesting grain sounds lame , i will stick to the lord and savior . 
  what happened 12,000 years ago ? 
  this is n't the first time that cameron tries to appeal to both sides at the same time . 
  the general tone of keeping scotland in the uk because `` together we are stronger '' and then stressing sovereignty on every eu topic does n't make more sense either . 
  britain is in a similar position that poland is in . 
  they want all the benefits without any of the obligations . 
  this is bound to lead to schizophrenic behaviour . 
  it 's a general problem of conservative parties in europe . 
  they have figured out that some things they traditionally liked do n't make that much sense any more but their constituents have n't caught up with that yet , so they are constantly maneuvering around . 
  trying to look tough to appeal to the anti-eu crowd ? 
  well it 's a little silly because it 's the exact same cultural reference without explicitly mentioning christ . 
  you 're not really going to get any universal system . 
  '' * it is currently 13,000,000,015 after the singularity * '' sounds like a hassle . 
  i think it 's silly that you call someone a luddite and then repeat an untrue trope about renewable energies . 
  in many developed countries feasibility studies have been done and came to the conclusion that a practically complete renewable mix is reachable in about 40-60 years . 
  here is a standord study [ providing a plan for every us state ] ( https://news.stanford.edu/pr/2015/pr-50states-renewable-energy-060815.html ) to go completely renewable by 2050 . 
  in germany that has been proven to be feasible as well . 
  i do n't know about portugal but given the fact that portugal is geologically even better suited for renewable energy than germany i assume it should be realistic as well . 
  there are two designs . 
  stellarator ( which is the one that went on today ) and tokamak , which is the traditional design which for example the iter in france utilizes . 
  the latter ` pulses ' which means that the plasma is not stable , it gets turned on and off all the time which brings certain problems with it . 
  the stellarator avoids this through a very complicated system of magnetic fields that keep the plasma in a shape that enables the fusion process to go on continually . 
  well not all europeans are christians and yet here we are in the year 2015 ** ad **, 
  well the heat is what powers the steam engine , so it 's very productive !, 
  [ here is a design ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/da/general_fusion_reactor.svg/1326px-general_fusion_reactor.svg.png ) of a fusion reactor planned by a canadian company . 
  they use liquid metal as a mediator to transfer the heat from the reactor to the heat exchange system where steam powers the turbine . 
  the eastern european member states expect full solidarity from everybody else while at the same time screaming `` muh sovereignty '' as soon as their support is demanded . 
  it 's the attitude of an entitled child . 
  the same kind of thing is prevalent in the ex eastern german states . 
  it 's irrelevant that the federal state and its institutions pumped over a trillion dollars into their shipwrecked economy , the attitude is as distrustful and as paranoid as it always was , there is no sense of democratic tradition . 
  you heat up water and the airstream powers a turbine , just like in any other power plant . 
  yes , and i do n't know why you would think i do n't admire that . 
  i 'm not a fascist or a communist , but donald trump clearly exemplifies that those views exist in american society . 
  the united states are a comparatively young nation and history has n't ended . 
  their is increasing support everywhere in the western world for inhumane , extremist and populist governments , and the federal republic is still doing pretty well in curbing these movements . 
  our historical awareness is not working against us in this case . 
  you do n't need to go back to ` old history ' you can go back to rostock-lichtenhagen in the 90 's , at least this time the political field is uniformly rejecting the demagogues ( well with a few exceptions ) . 
  eventually things will sort themselves out , the world is n't going to end . 
   americans have done a lot of fucked up stuff and we do n't feel guilty about it all the time . 
  well maybe that 's why you have donald trump running for presidency right now and we do n't,
