this is n't really about active brainwashing . 
  it 's how people grow up in russia . 
  if the whole world around you works in a certain way you assume it works like this everywhere . 
  the same thing happens to europeans on a lot of topics . 
  because we enjoy universal government mandated healthcare we call americans stupid for not wanting it , completely ignoring their cultural background . 
  because our continent has been so peaceful over the last few decades a lot of people have turned into pacifists who think we can appease terrorists . 
  russians think that the world is run by a small elite because that is exactly how their country functions . 
  we all extrapolate from our own experiences , not just russians do . 
  it just happens to be that our system works a lot better and is less oppressive . 
  the statement is n't supposed to be taken literally . 
  it just means that a reasonable way to judge a country is to look at how fairly their minorities are treated/represented , which seems to make a lot of sense actually . 
   well for a start i do n't see amazon , google , ebay , etc. 
  all moving their headquarters to greece , unfortunately !, 
  well with an industrial sector of about 28 % of their gdp ireland actually has a pretty sizeable amount of production , higher than almost any other eu country in fact . 
  because the two words have very different meanings . 
  `` cunt '' in many languages is almost solely applied to women and really derogatory . 
  pussy as in `` this guy is such a pussy '' is not really offensive and almost never used to show some kind of genuine disrespect . 
  our hat, 
  well it 's a public school i assume ? 
  i guess it makes a reasonable amount of sense then . 
  why the fuck is this guy getting down-voted ? 
  is expressing some common decency considered a bad habit around here ? 
  because it is my hometown : [ cologne cathedral ] ( http://d3thflcq1yqzn0.cloudfront.net/022421596_prevstill.jpeg ) because it is the coolest looking building ever : the [ sagrada familia ] ( http://img1.svstatic.com/wallpapers/21692619e015fff8912a3480574a9223_large.jpeg ), 
   vignette does n't sound like a particularly complicated bureaucratic problem to me . . for 40 million cars . 
  not to mention that the newest idea for the toll includes electronically logged license plates . 
  processing all the data is then going to be outsourced to a private company , great !, 
  not to speak of the fact that the toll is only going to generate about 300 million in profit . 
  we need seven billion a year to keep our roads intact . 
  what 's the plan , twenty other road tolls ? 
  let 's not fool ourselves crimea is going to stay russian as long as the country continues to exist , they 've made that clear . 
  if they 'd give a shit about international relations they would n't have annexed it in the first place . 
  if we 're not going to do anything about the annexation we can as well accept that it happened , just acting like `` nonono it 's not yours , look at our maps ! '', 
  makes us look silly . 
  we rank among the highest in the world when it comes to fuel taxation and goods and sales taxes . 
  we make between one and two billion a year with foreigners refuelling their cars here and buying our shit . 
  this idiotic road toll is a bureaucratic monster that wo n't even generate any noticeable profit . 
  it 's populism at it 's best and it 's socially unjust and regressive because it 's just a flat toll and not adjusted for income . 
  i hope the eu is just going to sac it so the spd and cdu do n't have to take the blame for it and the csu can tell their hillbilly electorate that it did n't work out because of evil brussels . 
   germany and the netherlands have an unsettled dispute about their borders as well . 
  that does n't mean that germany and the netherlands are n't real countries . 
  are you talking about that one wind-farm in the north-sea ? 
  do you honestly think that this is even a remotely reasonable analogy ? 
  he was appealing to chomsky 's authority and i simply do n't think that chomsky is one when it comes to politics of the middle-east . 
  his distaste for capitalism has lead him to adopt rather obscure positions even among academics when it comes to the middle-east and western foreign policy . 
  with him it 's always the evil united states ( and her puppets , which according to chomsky is almost everybody ) hegemony torturing the noble savages all around the planet . 
  that the middle-east has seen brutal conquests a thousand years before america even existed seems to have somehow slipped his mind . 
   but really : if i read your opinion i kind of see myself talking like 2 or 3 years back . 
  look up some of the footage of the 2008 gaza war and again the footage of this year . 
  compare the deathtolls of both sides , and tell me if this is still proportional . 
  know who you are defending . 
  the last iteration of the conflict was indeed brutal , but overall the civilian death ratio is lower than in any other modern asymmetrical conflict . 
  if you think the amount of force is disproportionate , where was the protest when the nato intervened in kosovo , russia in georgia , or the united states in the middle-east ? 
  people are simply holding israel to a completely different standard . 
   btw germany the holacaust was like 70 years ago . 
  it 's okay for you to criticize israel . 
  this is n't about some kind of guilt trip . 
  i think the criticism of israel is genuinely idiotic and blown out of proportion . 
  bombing civilians is part of war . 
  the allies bombed hundreds of thousands of civilians , that does n't mean it was unjustified or that the nazis did n't bring it onto themselves . 
  stop confusing war with war crimes . 
  i know who noam chomsky is , and he 's hardly objective when it comes to the middle-east . 
  also gadaffi had the pleasure to speak in front of the un , so that hardly constitutes an argument . 
  and if we 're going to argue history here , no israel has historically not been the aggressor in the region . 
  the only `` controversial '' thing is the founding of the nation itself , which was largely caused by pogroms and extermination in europe . 
  if you think that is insufficient reason to found a country , then i have bad news for you if you happen to be a us citizen . 
  israel actually offered a two state solution right before the 1950 's . 
  it was the arab league that declined and declared war right after . 
  the biggest further land-gains , namely the golan-heights , the sinai-peninsula ( which israel has since given back ) and parts of jerusalem , happened during the six day war , which again was a result of aggression of israel 's neighbours . 
  so no , i have trouble to see how israel is the aggressor in the region . 
  being in a war does not equal `` mass murder '' as it is used in international law or even common language . 
  the situation is horrible but twenty-thousand casualties over fifty years do not constitute mass murder , not by any definition of the word . 
  that people are dying is what happens during war , that is not unique to this conflict . 
   `` ukraine is n't even a real country , crimea has always been russian , we deserve that land '' ukraine is a fully sovereign country since the dissolution of the soviet union which is acknowledged by virtually all international entities . 
  palestine is only in the process of becoming something that resembles a nation , with no defined borders , and especially not a few decades ago when the situation was already like it is now . 
  the comparison makes no sense . 
  there is tons of factually wrong stuff in this . 
  where and when exactly has israel done `` ethnic cleansing '' or `` mass murder '' ? 
  the israel palestine-conflict has over the course of 50 years ( ! ), 
  cost twenty-thousand lives on both sides combined . 
  that is about 10 % of the civilians that have died in the iraq war since 2001 . 
  to my knowledge israel even by her harshest critiques , has never been found guilty of these accusations . 
  and israel also has not annexed anything , because palestine has never been an actual country . 
  at the time israel was founded the territory was under british control , before that the ottomans controlled it . 
  there simply has never been a palestinian state . 
  that obviously should n't mean that it has not been a misery for the native people that have been displaced , but speaking in terms of `` annexation '' and `` occupation '' simply makes no sense . 
  thanks for your well thought out contribution . 
   is there any other way to recognize a country other than unilaterally ? 
  well yes , multilaterally , coordinated with all other european countries , and at a point when the country you want to recognize actually does exist . 
   also the main reason palestine would have trouble surviving on it 's own are years of crippling israeli occupation . 
  palestine has trouble surviving because instead of laying their weapons down large parts of the palestinian population have chosen to elevate religious fanatics into a position of leadership . 
  israel does not enjoy being singled out by the international community , nor do they enjoy losing young people in a war . 
  well but i can understand that israel is fed up with the criticism they 're getting . 
  sweden likes to claim moral superiority while sitting in a comfortably neutral spot and being one of the worlds biggest arms suppliers at the same time . 
  ( germany too ) if the biggest decision in a politicians life was whether to label gmo food or not i do n't think that person is in a position to judge israel 's foreign policy , especially in a clearly simplifying way.and that 's what a lot of people have been doing here for quite some time now . 
  he actually has a point . 
  israel as a country has since its existence been under threat like barely any other country . 
  most western politicians and a large part of the western population seem to think that israel 's first and foremost goal should be to please left-ish europeans instead of actually defending their country . 
  sweden 's move to unilaterally recognize a country that de-facto does not even exist or would n't be able to survive on it 's own just seems like a silly move to win over some votes . 
  oppressing the sexuality of women is pretty much a given in any autocratic or theocratic state . 
  using it as an anti-authoritarian symbol is far from being a coincidence .
