  that said , what a completely oblivious asian tourist , did he not read any news about the country he was visiting ? 
  even as a portuguese i would be trying my best to not speak and seem greek if i went to athens on tourism right now ( other locations seem to be mostly ok ) . 
  as an asian or anyone with characteristics that clearly seem foreign i would not go to athens at all . 
  i know , i guess this must be the result of years of repressed hate for that kid in university that kept raising his arm and repeating what the professor just said . 
  the facts were all in the fucking video for anyone to see . 
  he provided zero additional information . 
  someone that , after watching the video , would require an explanation would not be able to parse his comment either . 
  anyway , upvote whatever you want . 
  i would n't mind if he had said `` for the people who did n't watch the video '' , who the hell would n't understand that , it 's not advanced origami . 
  [ how brilliantly insightful !, 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yq0ub.jpg?1 ) edit - you people are retarded , they specifically point to the folded ballots in the video ... 
  i 'm sure it 's great exercise but i do n't really like to reach work sweaty and with a need to take another shower . 
  unless you 're in great shape that 's what happens when you pedal for half an hour up and down hills . 
  it helps that their cities are relatively flat . 
  this would n't work for many cities , i guess the new electric bikes may help with that . 
  portuguese call themselves a people of `` brandos costumes '' which you could translate as `` mild manners '' but i 'd say it 's even milder . 
  it takes a lot , so if portuguese people are actually getting angry you know something is seriously wrong . 
  i certainly do , they 're mostly old people that were forced to leave our colonies when it ended , most of them lost their lives work at that point so it 's sort of understandable . 
  also salazar had a lot of flaws but being corrupt was not one of them so sometimes people also miss that . 
   did/does portugal have a history with right wing parties , yes we were a [ dictatorship ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estado_novo_\\ ( portugal \\ ) ) until 1974 , so it 's still pretty fresh on a lot of people 's minds . 
   does portugal have a lot of immigrants currently ? 
  yes , we always did because of our former colonies . 
  we mostly have no problems with them because they usually integrate pretty well . 
  many of them are surprisingly leaving . 
  as portuguese migrate a lot themselves they tend to be pretty understanding when the reverse happens . 
   how are the portuguese rebelling , if at all ( against austerity ) mostly peaceful protests and strikes , but a few blows have been exchanged with the police . 
  you will certainly not see people throwing molotov cocktails . 
  nope . 
  nothing like that around here . 
  people are getting desperate but they are n't going full retard yet . 
  i 'm not a girl so i do n't know a lot about this stuff and after a cursory investigation most of the others i know of do n't seem to deliver to canada . 
  here 's the only other one i could find http://www.anasousa.com/, 
  since you asked for portuguese , here 's a 100 % portuguese brand [ `` lanidor '' online shop ] ( http://eshop.lanidor.com/default.aspx ) . 
  this one is specially good for you because they deliver to canada free of charge if you buy more than 80 $ worth of stuff . 
  no true italian fallacy ? 
  seriously , ca n't anyone notice your username is `` deeprincess '' ? 
  furthermore , why not just pay for healthcare from regular taxes instead of making a confusing spaghetti of a tax to pay for each thing . 
  this kind of phenomena is part of the reason people think other tax rates are low in some southern countries . 
  actually you 're right , they are supposed to achieve primary surplus until the end of the year . 
   i think it is reasonable to demand that they reduce their deficit until it is 0 ( = they are not living off other people 's money anymore ) . 
  the stupid thing is that this is easily achievable right now , if the troika lent to them at a much more reduced interest rate , since they already have a quite substantial primary surplus . 
   until recently , greece had a typical european health system , with employers and individuals contributing to a fund that with government assistance financed universal care . 
  people who lost their jobs received health care and unemployment benefits for a year , but were still treated by hospitals if they could not afford to pay even after the benefits expired . 
  this does n't seem like the typical european health system to me . 
  european health care systems are not related to employment in any way , they 're not `` health benefits '' . 
  in fact , it seems like what they had was more of a bastardization of the american system and that it 's now going full on american system . 
  anyway i think this is important news for this sub - europeans should know austerity kills . 
  maybe european politicians can think about the moral hazards of that . 
  there will be no big earthquake ( not in the next weeks ) , their seismologists are just afraid of going to jail . 
  in portugal , people on minimum income guarantee receive substantially less than the minimum wage ( less than half if they 're alone ) . 
  it 's more of a bare minimum to survive income here . 
  frankly i did n't bother checking so i used `` most '' to be safe , but yeah it 's likely all . 
  we have something similar , this is retarded unless they actually plan on legalizing piracy . 
  it does n't have to cover rent because in most places where this is already implemented there is also guaranteed housing . 
  that question is a bit ambiguous . 
  because it depends on which industry we 're talking about . 
  do we mean the music ( or another ) industry or the record label industry ? 
  the best kind of propaganda , it only shows the part of reality that reinforces the message . 
  i think op is going to make / r/shiteuropesays, 
  i do n't really see how your stupid rant is related to the article . 
  it depends , but it can help . 
  remember these people were out of work . 
  for instance , it can help reduce public spending in unemployment benefits which can then be invested in other things . 
  immigrants also tend to send money to their home country to help their family which again helps the economy . 
  it can also help with the political stability of the country if people can easily find an alternative to be starving at their country . 
  on the longer term , of course , it can be really bad if these people never return ; particularly if your immigrants are highly qualified and you will need them in the future when you decide to invest and grow . 
  sure , but then most communist parties are completely unacceptable as even leninism ( lets not talk about stalinists or maoists ) with it 's one party system where only revolutionary minded people can get in is seriously wrong in my opinion . 
  either way , the ideologies defended on how to achieve communism are seriously messed up , i do n't know of a single one that is actually democratic . 
  so i blame them for the crimes that happened . 
  agreed on the soviet symbols . 
  latvia 's pm remarks slightly annoy me . 
  latvia among other things had a very low public sector debt , latvia population is the same as in [ grande lisboa ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grande_lisboa ) which is to say quite small , the situations are completely different . 
  using one country as an example to another is rarely a good idea , as the situations are almost always quite different even when the economic indicators are close ( not even those are similar in this case ) . 
  somehow communism is considered perfectly acceptable in many parts of europe ( including portugal ) . 
  apparently people blame the ideology for the crimes in the case of nazis and fascism but they do n't do the same for communism . 
  communists in portugal are so crazy they go as far as saying [ north korea is a democracy ] ( http://expresso.sapo.pt/-as-minhas-condolencias-para-o-povo-norte-coreano=f695615 ) . 
  downvoted for bullshit, 
  exports are rising in portugal . 
  what 's the main product causing our exports to rise ? 
  gold . 
  we have a saying in portugal which describes what 's happening , roughly translated as : `` when times are tough - sell the rings , keep the fingers '' anyway , what i want to say , is that this might seem like good news but it likely is n't if we actually analyse what 's really happening . 
  there was no time to do actual reforms or for them to take effect . 
  austerity in such a short timeframe and context does n't work , does n't work , does n't work . 
  get it trough your heads . 
  after carefully looking at the photo , i 've concluded the attacker was this [ guy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/x5ndm.png ) . 
  yes it looks very threatening . 
  i knew it !, 
  i 'm pretty sure he was going for the balls too . 
  this reinforces my stereotype that northerners are violent knife/axe wielding maniacs . 
  i do n't understand why they still hurt the bull in these events . 
  i would be all for bullfighting if instead of sticks with sharp metal harpoon like ends , they would use some kind of modern glue or velcro like material . 
  to end the bullfight they could also do it [ like portuguese do ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqnfm0mkovq ) by * forcados * grabbing the bull instead of a matador killing it . 
  seriously , there 's plenty of art and amazing displays of skill in bullfighting i just do n't understand why , nowadays , do we still have to hurt the bull while doing it , there 's no need for blood . 
  you see , americans have what people call a geostrategy . 
  if you do n't have a navy , if you have no ability to project force , the world will be a lot closer to what their geostrategy determines . 
  this may or may not be good for the people of germany , they are n't the ones deciding . 
  in portugal people vote with their feet . 
  as in - i do n't like where this country is going , i am gtfo here . 
  yeah because we dealt with libya without any help from the us . 
  we dealt with the yugoslav wars without any help from the us .
