  nope . 
  the us government will always have the lowest interest rates in dollar denominated debt . 
  the risk of inflation is there for everyone , and the government , which can actually print , is the only one who has zero risk of default . 
   qe is quantitive easing i know what qe means , the phrase you used it in was what did n't make any sense . 
  i do n't see where keynes disagrees . 
  from what i know he quite agrees . 
  no , it 's just how money works . 
   we talked about this ; us will default ... in time we will see ; the us will never default . 
  that 's not even on the table . 
  they own the currency they are indebting themselves in . 
   qe is not an option because is the only option any central bank has to reanimate the economy i do n't even know what this means . 
   what it is so inherent wrong with pushing reforms trough austerity ? 
  there would n't be much wrong , if the reforms were actually addressing the problems we have , and if this was actually working . 
  it 's not working and the reforms you 're asked to do are mostly short sighted . 
   why shoudn \u00b4 t we protect from inflation the people who gathered and saved is working money ? 
  for one to have a + in their account another one has a - . 
  if the one with the - defaults , soon enough your bank wo n't be able to make good on the + on your account . 
  so , maybe you 're protecting both creditors and debtors with a little inflation . 
  another reason you might want to have some inflation , is that we ( particularly the private sector ) need to deleverage . 
  you can do that with huge defaults or you can allow some inflation . 
  take your pick . 
   what \u00b4 s the alternative to austerity ? 
  personally , i think europe should engage in massive quantitative easing and create a banking union . 
  do pretty much what the us has done . 
   ... giving out free money so people can embrace spending and fuel bad habits ? 
  we supposedly have mechanisms in place to avoid that now , was n't that the reason we signed a fiscal compact and other bullshit ? 
   edit : i have one answer to all this questions : it \u00b4 s called change . 
  people pee in his pants when they sense this word the problem is n't change , the problem is that europe is in a slow motion train wreck and the people in the back carriages do n't seem to notice they 're in it . 
  lets keep it going , it 's always fun to try and guess what country is in the next carriage . 
  italy ? 
  france ? 
   it 's for avoiding bankruptcy . 
  you 're looking at it the wrong way . 
  with that in mind , it 's working well enough . 
  no it is n't , debt to gdp of every country doing austerity has risen ridiculously . 
  the only reason they 're avoiding bankruptcy ( not all btw , greece has defaulted quite a lot since they started ) is due to the rescue fund and ecb interventions . 
  austerity is n't working in any sense of the word . 
  i 'd like to see if portugal and ireland can return to the markets without ecb intervention . 
  they ca n't , they 're a lot worse than when they first asked for help , why would the markets think they 're a good idea now . 
  ohh great , another country doing austerity . 
   probing into our personal lives ** then ** even stasi could do . 
   are you implying there is not a meaningful difference in interest in politics and economics between men and women ? 
  none that i know off . 
  do you have any data ? 
   men often take stronger interest in economic issues than women do pahahahah yeah you need a dick to understand economics . 
  ahahahah these are the politicians we get nowadays ... 
  i 'd put `` the people '' in with the best . 
  seriously , people being chill and nice to each other is one of the best things in portugal . 
  it is . 
  our internet users have just migrated to places where you actually get paid for working . 
   well radaway , not to be mean but i think some of your analysis these days is not as balanced or fair as it once was point taken , probably true , will try to think more thoroughly before posting . 
  i was never leftist !, 
  indeed i had softer opinions on some subjects but frankly seeing the european response to this crisis , the narrative used to explain the causes and solutions , the way europeans treated each other and their lack of mutual empathy , changed my opinions in quite a few matters eu wise . 
  i do n't really care about downvotes in general , i care about downvotes that are clearly against reddiquette because that is a sign of a sub that is turning into a circlejerk . 
  i do n't need a suggestion box in a survey . 
  30k subscribers and this sub is probably at its lowest level of quality posts and discussions on submissions . 
  its lowest level of reddiquette with any opinion against what i am now calling `` the narrative '' being heavily downvoted . 
  its highest level of banned users . 
  its highest level of sketchy mods . 
  this sub is quickly being ruined and probably being run by `` social media strategists '' . 
  ahahah that sub is hilarious thanks . 
  there 's a stereotype for latvians ? 
  i 've found a [ video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=rrv8pvlwfke#at=174&amp;t=2m19s ) of them going to put the fire out, 
   except it was built between ww1 and ww2 . 
  that 's the maginot line . 
  i 'm talking about the alps . 
   plus : so you sit in your mountain hole while the enemy loots your cities and rapes your families . 
  then he starts rebuilding the country while you still sit there , watching your supplies run low everyone did this a lot during the middle ages . 
  the enemy army also has to deal with dwindling supplies . 
  that 's where the burnt land strategy comes from . 
  it worked . 
  yeah , of course , being on the roof also helps since fires tend to go up . 
  however , another poster said the firefighters were there in 4 minutes so response time does n't seem to have been the issue like rtfmpls implied . 
  they probably had way too many combustibles there or something , i have a hard time believing this was just poor equipment with such a quick response . 
  nowadays perhaps , before the combustion engine i would think it would be a pretty big advantage , as you pretty much would know where the enemy would be coming from , you could also retreat to the closest mountain , put some stakes on the ground , and ta da instant shitty castle . 
  no , china , the usa and brazil are pretty horrible . 
  europe may be sort of ok but portugal is pretty bad in european terms . 
  but this is the fucking riga castle , presidential residence , how were they not there in minutes ??? 
  i had a small fire start in the roof of the non-important , not very big , building where i live in the middle of lisbon , and the firefighters were here in minutes ( not to speak of a random dude of a building sharing our backyard that was there with a bucket as soon as he saw it starting ) . 
  it 's not like our firefighters are the best equipped either . 
  this seriously boggles the mind for me , and i am angry that such an important monument is being damaged like this . 
  what if you just turned 30 ? 
  this is a stupid oversight . 
  i guess i just got temporarily ocd about it , programmers have eyes for these things . 
  i thought this was about traveling so i should n't even be taking this survey anyway . 
  when it asked your age you could pick under 30 31-45 so if you 're 30 what do you pick ? 
  this is tragic , and seriously why the fuck ca n't they contain it ? 
  is there gas feeding it or something ? 
  we did n't listen !, 
  they would be much lower . 
  without the ecb being strangled by the bundesbank there would be zero risk of default . 
  proof of that is that when the ecb said it would do anything needed and bought some bonds in the secondary market the interest rates fell , now that the market is realizing the ecb is defanged by germany they are rising again . 
  \u00b4 dude , by the way , i 'm not hating on the germans . 
  i was just saying what i thought would happen , no need to call me third world . 
  i did n't downvote you . 
  my point was that it is n't 33 all over europe , not that it was 35 . 
  no it is n't http://www.poverty.org.uk/e14/index.shtml, 
  adding a few : carcanhol , cobres , patacos , grana ( more common in pt-br ), 
  if we 're going to start factoring this , should n't we also factor inequalities ? 
  some countries like portugal , have huge inequalities that means the gdp per capita does n't mean much as it 's not distributed per capita at all .
