  you 're apparently not very good at math . 
  i think people seriously overestimate that effect . 
  apparently , nowadays we also have lots of renewable power anyway . 
  why would we accept this ? 
  if we 're leaving the euro there will be no slow transition , there will be no payment of euro denominated debts , there will be no 50/50 period . 
  that is fine by me . 
  if you want to have a 50/50 period , then please convert 50 % of our debts to escudos and then i will also accept . 
  these people are fucking idiots . 
  i have a better suggestion . 
  germany goes 50/50 , slowly the deutschmark will rise in value and the rest of the countries in the eurozone will be competitive again , no debts will need to be forsaken this way , no bankruptcies , and german people wages actually rise . 
  bulgaria is one of the poorest countries in europe . 
   `` spain is less attractive because there are no jobs . '', 
  this man is a genius !, 
  while it is very likely that there is indeed a biological tendency for racism , you realize that you supposedly have a huge brain , you 're not a slave to your dna . 
  you can very well not be racist . 
   some european countries even voluntarily pegged their currency to it . 
  do you mean the erm ? 
  like the euro , that did n't end well for the countries doing the pegging , when they were confronted with german inflexibility and autism when it comes to monetary matters . 
   what does this have anything to do with my comment ? 
  that was n't directed at you or your comment in particular . 
  i 'm not sure i can upvote as i do n't think you are contributing to the discussion in a very constructive manner but i did remove the downvote . 
  i 'm downvoting because you insist on using that acronym . 
  i 've read that when it was posted . 
  of course it takes time . 
  however the eurozone economies do not have the time . 
  so either let the ecb do a proper central bank job to buy us the time , or break this shit up already . 
  i wonder what will it take for people to understand this . 
  what country needs to fall ? 
  spain ? 
  france ? 
  the netherlands ? 
  seriously , how much tragedy do you sadists need ? 
  btw stay classy downvoting opinions you disagree with / r/europe . 
   trust is king in the economy right now , there 's zero trust in the ability of countries to solve their problems within the euro straight jacket . 
  they can trust our governments all they want , there is no trust it is possible to fix it . 
  individual state governments simply do not have the tools to do it . 
  the crisis of confidence is not in individual countries but in the euro itself , hence why it will slowly get to everyone infected with it . 
  the countries having problems right now were just the low hanging fruit . 
   enable the nations in question to manage to pay well if that was the objective it 's clearly not working . 
  the debt fundamentals are getting worse , debt to gdp ratio is worse . 
  the only instance where a country is better able to repay their debts may be greece , but they have already defaulted twice since austerity measures started , so the only reason their debt burden is lowering is that they are n't paying it . 
  ask cyprus how well greek austerity worked for them getting their money back . 
  europe needs to either let people default and exit the euro or start quantitative easing like hell until we have a proper union . 
  you realize that 's like an ad hominem . 
  you do not address the point of the article at all . 
  just because the country of the author has its problems does n't mean europe is not as ridiculous as it has been portrayed here . 
  i did n't say the germans are corrupt . 
  i said their banks and companies are . 
  it 's an important distinction , and if the germans are at fault is only for not recognizing this problem , hence their low level of perceived corruption . 
  as for the examples of their companies corruption you asked for , here are some : http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/complicit-in-corruption-how-german-companies-bribed-their-way-to-greek-deals-a-693973.html http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thyssenkrupp#controversies http://www.spiegel.de/international/business/corruption-investigation-germany-s-ferrostaal-suspected-of-organizing-bribes-for-other-firms-a-686513.html http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutsche_bank#housing_credit_bubble_and_cdo_market, 
  the funny thing is . 
  when the germans finally start really feeling this crisis . 
  they will still think it 's all our fault . 
  certainly , not their politicians , not their bundesbank , not their corrupt banks , not their corrupt companies , not how they steered europe , and not how they built a bullshit narrative of what caused this crisis . 
  right now . 
  i feel like germans are europe 's rednecks . 
  they have shitty lives but still vote for republicans who fuck them in the ass , because , werp deirsp inflaition . 
  i suspect of all those users . 
  how the hell do you find something interesting to post and write a title and submission , every 5 minutes ? 
  him posting a new link every 5 minutes is pretty suspicious . 
  it may be circumstantial evidence , but it is evidence nonetheless . 
  it 's true that you guys are being forced to do ridiculous cuts . 
  however , i still find it very odd that there are no free lunches in schools for children that need it . 
  in portugal , as we increased austerity measures , we actually increased the number of free lunches in schools because more and more parents were unemployed , the schools now stay open for lunch during holidays precisely to avoid children going hungry . 
  this obviously is a cost , we just decided not to do the cuts there . 
  not that we are n't doing criminal cuts here too , but i think jrohila is partially right here . 
  he 's not totally right because we 're reaching a situation where you 're always cutting from someone that really needs it . 
   this article was amended on 17 april 2013 . 
  it originally stated that average net wealth in a list of southern eurozone countries was much higher than in germany . 
  in two of those countries , greece and portugal , the figure ** is actually lower ** than in germany . 
  this error , introduced in editing , has now been corrected . 
  you know you 're really poor , when you appear to be poor , in a study designed to make you look rich . 
  i like this guy . 
  that the common german public is retarded and would go for this kind of populist lies is not surprising to me . 
  i expect that happens in any country . 
  that the supposed german `` wise men '' use this to defend their idiotic ideas , just makes me lose all hope in europe and makes me wish germany just left the euro . 
  the germans are clearly being manipulated . 
  not for most people , including them , benefit btw . 
  it 's easy to weaken the euro . 
  lets just burn another eurozone country to the ground . 
  it 's what we 've been doing till now . 
  not only was the excel poorly made , they purposefully picked dates to get the result they wanted . 
  the paper 's authors also work for the imf so , all this , really seems quite evil . 
  i wo n't disqualify myself from \\ #adultdiscussions if you stop making idiotic rhetorical questions . 
  do n't expect a courteous reply if you do . 
  @ghandisex we 're not on twitter . 
  when you reply to my comments i assume you are replying to me . 
  i 'm also assuming you have gay men in flanders , why do n't you go take it in the ass ? 
  that said , we do n't really have a party to vote for that , except for the extreme right no one votes in ( for obvious reasons ) . 
  i would definitely vote for a sane party that would default and exit the euro if the eu does n't change course soon . 
  another post for austerity proponents to conveniently ignore and keep spouting the same nonsense . 
  not that i do n't think that the conclusions of r&r are not still valid for countries that are in what is effectively a kind of gold standard . 
  learn the basics of the language : http://www.memrise.com/courses/english/portuguese-european/ everyone speaks english but it 's easier to make portuguese friends if you can understand a bit of the conversations happening next to you . 
  check the `` coming to lisbon '' , `` visiting lisbon '' , `` going to lisbon '' , threads in / r/portugal , lots of good advice there http://www.reddit.com/r/portugal/search?q=lisbon&amp;restrict_sr=on if you can come a bit earlier do so , to take advantage of summer time to go to the great beaches just outside of lisbon . 
  nowadays , sometimes the weather is great until october , but it 's a matter of luck and it would be a shame if you did n't get to experience lisbon with good weather . 
  as opposed to what that does n't ? 
   applications with falsified cvs ahh . 
  just like the president of the eurogroup , the dutch finance minister . 
  lol i have n't slept today , needed to crunch for a project , give me a break . 
  for those not getting it , the last one was my mistake , which i corrected .
