  this guy is correct . 
  you ca n't update to the latest version if you have windows xp . 
  the maximum version microsoft lets you install is 8 . 
  lots of things , microsoft constantly ties ie updates to windows versions , so you have a bunch of users using very old browsers filled with security bugs and non standard compliant implementations . 
  having to support these bullshit browser versions has been a major hindrance and dead weight slowing down www evolution for years . 
  in that instance , he should have used a few commas . 
  i 'm still counting this as a point for us . 
  * than portugal 1 - 0 sweden, 
  brits also sedate their children , apparently you avoid a few minor nuisances that way . 
  why is n't there an international database of the dna of parents with missing children . 
  we could find the parents instantly . 
  do i need to program this myself or something ? 
  naggermany ... 
  i ca n't believe what you just did sugusino !, 
  you better go kiss jesse jackson in the ass !, 
   ngermany i 'm ashamed of what my brain made with this name . 
  pretty much the same situation here . 
  credit was cheap so it made sense for companies to do everything with it , come the great depression and the interest rates for portugal and our companies start rampaging - oh shit !, 
   is there any rise in extremism left or right ? 
  nope , not really . 
  although , people are turning away from parties and voting for independent candidates , which seems good to me . 
  they keep talking about drunken fights in this article . 
  i went there for the inauguration weekend this year , i stayed there 4 days and went to a total of 3 days of oktoberfest , and it quite surprised me that i saw absolutely no drunken fights . 
  i did fall and hurt myself quite a few times but i do n't think that counts . 
  what i saw , in fact , was quite the reverse . 
  as people start drinking there 's an incredible camaraderie between tables and everyone speaks to everyone , you end up speaking with people from everywhere in the world and happily singing stupid traditional songs with them while you down a mass . 
  i actually left with quite a good impression of bavarians , drunk or otherwise . 
  the only thing i would change would be for more of them to speak good english as they seemed genuinely nice people and it was a shame when we could n't communicate properly . 
  most countries that wanted a banking union accepted it , the reason it is being delayed is because of germany 's reservations . 
  blaming the ftt as hp_civ did is ridiculous . 
  i know , it was a stupid joke ... 
  do n't believe it , it 's like girls saying they dress to look good for themselves . 
  last i heard the germans did n't want to let anyone inspect their banks, 
  if everyone does it at the same time i 'm sure it will work !, 
  i live in lisbon , but ask around / r/portugal someone may accommodate you . 
  i can sort of understand their logic , everyone steals but at least this dude seriously improved their quality of life too . 
  it 's a sad state of affairs ... 
  social democrats everywhere are turning to the right in europe . 
  i hate saying it but `` neoliberals '' have pretty much managed to infect the ideologies behind most social democratic parties . 
  in portugal , the reason is also historic since , after the revolution , everyone wanted to look more to the left than they were because we had just got out of a right wing extremely conservative dictatorship . 
  i think this is the big story of these elections , lots of independents won . 
  if you can take any conclusion from these elections is that the portuguese are fucking sick of the political parties and the motherfuckers in them . 
  definitely porto , i love lisbon but it is a lot more expensive , porto is a great place to live and much cheaper . 
  local elections do n't really mean that much . 
  the social democrat candidates were also particularly bad this time . 
  if you did everything legally you would be all right as you would have gotten proof in the local registry that this law was respected when you built/bought the house , or , you are already paying the state to occupy the public land . 
  probably because most of them are less than 150 years to begin with , many should never have been built and were only made possible by corrupting local officials . 
  i got this !, 
  i 'm up for this . 
  spain stfu about gibraltar until you give oliven\u00e7a back !, 
  this has already happened in most crisis countries including mine , stealing the pension funds was clearly part of the `` plan '' . 
  besides , after putting the private pension funds in the public hands , the state can pass laws allowing it to steal the pensioners so it does n't have to pay as much as the private would . 
  it 's great business . 
  i can understand the mechanism . 
  now i just need a source saying the average land surface albedo is smaller than the ocean surface albedo , as my understanding is that it 's the other way around . 
  this is very solid troll science . 
  why are you arguing with him ? 
  he ca n't even read a map . 
   the only way to stop them is to invade . 
  what i 'm saying is that is no longer true anymore , as the international law that rules these bonds would be on the side of the creditors , so they could create problems for that state pretty much forever . 
   not really no . 
  the debts would be transfer to the local currency . 
  no they would n't , you ca n't just change the currency in a bond any way you feel like . 
   the only way to get the money back really is to invade no , most of the debt is [ no longer under greek law ] ( http://www.ekathimerini.com/4dcgi/_w_articles_wsite1_1_12/03/2012_432478 ) , they can keep pawning anything they have that goes outside greece , like presidential airplanes and others . 
  greece and its businesses would be shut out of international markets . 
  greece would be completely fucked if it went that way . 
  why do you think the creditors accepted the writedown of the debt that was under greek law , greece could actually default on that . 
  that 's not really how it works anymore , creditors can contest your default in the international courts ( london , new york , etc ) where these disputes are handled nowadays , and then [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-19827562 ) starts happening , you ca n't really default without creditors consent anymore . 
  yep we 're being ruled by banksters . 
   maybe if greece leaves the euro this would n't work . 
  they then would be left with a bunch of debt in euros that they would never be able to pay , they could default but they would end up like argentina getting their stuff pawned everywhere and unable to do business . 
   `` get to work early , get to bed late , that 's how wealth was brought to home . '', 
  our version : no one , has ever gotten rich , working . 
  we do the same . 
  laziness is not necessarily bad if it avoids work that is n't really needed . 
  there 's something ocd about having to have the plates immediately dried and in the cupboard . 
  if they want us to disrespect the constitution , laws , and signed contracts , maybe we can start by disrespecting some contracts we signed with those that loaned us money . 
  the law is what protects our creditors too , they ca n't just have it when it 's convenient . 
  yes , our constitution sucks , it can be changed but it does n't happen overnight and it does n't happen when you antagonize everyone since you need a broad consensus to change it . 
  i do n't see how people ca n't understand this . 
  we are in a single market , naturally companies will create a po box in the country with the lowest taxes and just pay their taxes there , it 's what most portuguese companies already did in the netherlands . 
   but why would the mega rich and connected want to see their own comfort decline relative to the bottom feeders of society ? 
  frankly , if i was filthy rich , i would certainly want that , as my comfort would decline quite a lot more if i saw miserable people on the streets and there were beggars everywhere . 
  i guess i will probably never become filthy rich thinking like this . 
   and this debt was owed to foreigners not only that , it was also in a currency the greeks did not control . 
  are you sure you 're not a gold bug ? 
  you keep saying you 're not , but you argue like one . 
   that you need actual measures that the economy will improve , simple `` good-feeling animal spirits '' wo n't cut it well qe pretty much does that , it gives quite a lot of confidence that the economy will improve and that the collateral you accept from your debtors will be sound . 
    it would help bridge the competitiveness gap in the periphery which would have lower inflation than germany due to the austerity measures  that 's a problem of taxation , the effectiveness of public spending and of the liberalisation of the market , not a monetary phenomenon as the currency is the same . 
  no , it 's not just a problem of taxation , there is a bunch of other factors involved , including wages which this would help with , doing so with quite a lot less pain than internal devaluation is doing since , as you say , the currency is the same , and if we are doing austerity our inflation would be lower than germany . 
  in fact , that 's how germany got to be so competitive in the first place , by doing austerity while the others were n't doing it . 
  doing so , they steadily made their wages lower relative to the other eurozone countries . 
   the euro has been the stronger currency , compared to the brits or the yankees , we have improved our purchasing power . 
  have we ? 
  not so much for the europeans who no longer have a job , not so much for the europeans who went bankrupt , they have lost quite a bit of purchasing power . 
  i certainly have not seen my purchasing power improve . 
   are you or are you not a portuguese who constantly complains about austerity in portugal , unemployment in portugal and the price of mortgages and other debts the portuguese have ? 
  so what ? 
  that 's totally off topic . 
  you just look like a moron replying like that .
