  good recycling and sources . 
  as always , things are more complex than they seem , than can be grasped by the cursory reading of * all the news * i 've been doing , and than can be relied on by my memory - i 've tried searching bank of international settlements reports and reviews myself but it 's not that easy depending on your free time and , in my case , your area of expertise ( not mine ) . 
  hence , why i said `` if i remember correctly '' . 
  what i thought i wanted was an easy to read chart of exposure to greek debt by country in 2009 and exposure to greek debt by country in 2012 . 
  i tried , fruitlessly , to find it . 
  of course , even with that , there is the indirect exposure that is implied ( if we are to consider the inevitable cascading effect these things have ) that , would not show on such charts and all the different ways to calculate and define exposure . 
  so even those charts may be of questionable usefulness . 
  anyway , i have to think further on this and have an upvote for some good data mining . 
  berlusconi resigning was a pre condition for europe to do anything for italy . 
  europe institutions suck so germany pretty much rules everything . 
  quod erat demonstrandum germany forced this . 
  yes , they still have to pay proportionally to their share of the ecb and other eurosystems , however , if i remember correctly , that share is smaller ( specially in the french case ) than the share of greek debt their banks owned when this whole thing started . 
  germany forces italy to have an unelected executive and then their politicians complain that executive makes undemocratic comments . 
  the irony and hypocrisy - it burns !, 
  yep , sadly it 's also the reason the germans are ready to ditch greece now , they already shifted as much liabilities from their ( and french ) banks to the eu as they can . 
  so there 's just not much more for them ( their banks ) to win from `` helping '' greece any further . 
  you 're downvoted because you insist on generalizing every bad news from some country to all countries in an arbitrary subdivision . 
  it 's a redneck reaction . 
  the world is a lot more complex and more subtle , you can not generalize like that . 
   would you say that defecating is allowed in the kitchen of a restaurant because it 's a private establishment ? 
  yes i would . 
  as long as they are forced to have a sign on the door saying `` we defecate in our kitchen '' so i could make the informed decision not to go there . 
  just because i do n't like it there 's no reason for me to ruin coprophiliacs fun . 
   a ) if an establishment wants to serve smokers , it should register as such . 
  there are smoking clubs that do so . 
  i totally agree they should be registered and have prominently displayed on their entrances if they allow smoking or not , so both consumers and people looking for work can make their own decision . 
   b ) employees doing other dangerous jobs can protect themselves . 
  in the case of coal miners there is protective clothing , masks , and monitoring of dust levels . 
  employees in bars ca n't protect themselves like that . 
  this is an argument for fighting for legislation that would force people into providing masks , better ventilation , air quality controls , etc. 
  not for banning smoking in private establishments . 
  i agree with you on public buildings . 
  however you are not forced to go to a private establishment where smoking is allowed so there 's no reason why you or anyone else should be able to dictate what happens there . 
  no it 's not . 
  if an establishment wants to serve smokers , it is a part of their duties to tolerate smoke . 
  just because you would n't do it , i do n't see why it should be forbidden . 
  by your logic people would not be allowed to work with dangerous chemicals in factories , work in fields that had been sprayed with pesticides , be a soldier , be a coal miner , be a bike messenger exposed to car exhaust gases all day , etc. 
  these are all very dangerous jobs that can have serious long term health consequences . 
  coal miners are not immune to black lung disease and you find it perfectly acceptable that they have to tolerate coal dust in their job . 
  the analogy is not false , you just have a double standard because you probably do n't like smokers . 
  how are they competent to work in a smoking establishment if they do n't tolerate smoking ? 
  how can a claustrophobic be a competent miner ? 
  vat does n't work for everything and it has a lot of unintended consequences , for instance it makes life a lot harder for poorest . 
  even with all your measures you could easily have a stock bubble that would result in pretty much the same consequences . 
  the government can make lending really hard for their banks but that would n't stop foreign banks from lending to spanish . 
  spain and ireland are free market economies , they must also respect european and international rules for the free movement of capitals , they do not have the tools at all . 
  i do n't really see how the area where the bubble appears matters , all it matters is the size of the bubble , and it would 've been big anyway due to all this cheap credit or maybe you would have the same problem divided by many mini bubbles instead of a big one , either way it would probably happen and be as huge of a problem as the current one . 
  i 'm not saying the spanish do not have part of the blame , but you seem obsessed in putting all of it on them , only them , and no one else . 
   well , i 've read some economics , and it is not common sense to me , therefore i ask you for links . 
  fine . 
  [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic_bubble#possible_causes ) you can read that excess liquidity is considered one of the most important causes for bubbles to appear . 
  what economics have you studied ? 
  this seems rudimentary supply and demand to me . 
  namely too much supply of money . 
  as for those central banks being `` independent '' ( i do n't think they really are ) from the government it does n't matter . 
  they 're not independent from the country 's banks and they will create the conditions necessary for their health not for the german banks health . 
   do you have any links to support that statement ? 
  i do n't see why that has to be . 
  also , even if it was the case ( which i do not believe ) , there 's so much better with a mining bubble for example , than a housing bubble . 
  no not really . 
  i guess i could google it but so could you . 
  it 's common sense to me that it would happen , because that cheap money would 've gone somewhere else . 
  maybe we 'd have another dotcom bubble , a commodities bubble or it would be something else . 
  i do n't see how any bubble can be better than the others they all suck and ruin the economy . 
   i do n't see why the us government certainly was to blame fort the us housing bubble , the swedish for it 's housing bubble , the uk for it 's ( not solely , but certainly had a big part of it ) , but spain 's government is just innocent because the interest rate did n't fit them perfectly spain is not innocent but unlike the uk and the us they do not set their own rate , so they are not , even remotely , the only ones with the blame for what happened . 
  my estimate would be that we 're around ireland 85 portugal 78 and greece 164 . 
  adding spain 's 400 to that i 'd say at least 727 billions , basically , all of the fund . 
  some countries did n't have bubbles because the interest rate was right for them . 
  the rate was wrong for spain , if the spanish government had taken the measures you suggest , the bubble would just have happened in another sector of the economy . 
  i doubt that very much . 
  i do n't believe people would behave exactly like in this video and they certainly would n't call them whores and tramps . 
  is it harassment to try your luck with a girl ? 
  and then there were none ... 
  you ca n't withdraw money from any bank teller machine ? 
  how quaint . 
  it 's pretty easy to scrap websites . 
  in python , i usually use [ mechanize ] ( http://wwwsearch.sourceforge.net/mechanize/ ) and [ beautifulsoup ] ( http://www.crummy.com/software/beautifulsoup/ ) , but there are many other ways and libraries that help you do it , it 's even quite easy to do it by hand using stdlib modules as i 've done that too . 
  i 'm sure php , which he used ( and thankfully i rarely have to touch ) , has libraries to do the same , of course the code will look a lot uglier but it should n't be that hard . 
  ryan air does n't depart from lisbon because it 's too expensive for them . 
  this seems to be just a front end to the search available on ryan air official website anyway , so you ai n't losing much . 
  are you some kind of new / r/europe troll or something ? 
  i like the cut of your jib , sail on limey , sail on !, 
  as i said before - [ it 's not just a term ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/vkt4y/cyprus_applies_for_eu_bailout/c55emcx ) - you 're being naive . 
  not really , no . 
  they always think this time it 's different . 
  what i learned in this crisis is that : it 's now ok to call countries by pigs , it 's now ok to stereotype their population , it is now ok to blame foreigners for everything that 's wrong . 
  i 'm sure nothing could go wrong , it 's different now . 
  i said it was an additional marker , i was n't declaring a real problem . 
  those are german retail numbers , these include stuff you guys export . 
  here , have an [ additional marker ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/x988z/germany_feels_effect_of_crisis_as_its_major_firms/ ) . 
  fuck you for using that acronym . 
  while we had our share of problems , we were not the origin of this problem , everyone was , everyone 's bankers , everyone 's investment strategy ( investment banks , which many times were partly owned by the state , lend money to foreign countries so they will invest in stuff made by your country ) , the countries in europe that fucked up during the dot-com bust and made the ecb have ridiculously low rates for years , france and germany corrupting countries into shady military deals , etc. 
  furthermore , i 'm pretty sure we were n't the ones running lehman brothers . 
  i could write for years and i would n't have all the wrongs that culminated in this horrible crisis . 
  we are trying to correct ours . 
  are you ? 
  there 's plenty of blame to spread around , but , if you want to be mentally lazy , keep believing that simple narrative people been giving you . 
  i 'm sure that while you have oil you wo n't need much of a brain anyway . 
  the only reason it annoys me is that people thinking like you are in the way of any actual solution to the problem at hand . 
  if you read the article it is clear they are generalizing and this is very poor journalism .
