  you know what could help house prices stabilize and your households debt . 
  a litte inflation . 
  good thing we do n't have that ... 
  that 's arguable , the fed did have its share of responsibility but they did n't create fannie mae and freddie mac . 
  that said , the us certainly is recovering from this crisis much better than us . 
  are you high ? 
   you could perhaps giggle a little , a tiny bit , when the shit hit the fan for everyone . 
  eheheh i have to admit , that i would , for a while . 
  of course there 's only so much you can laugh when you 're dressed with a barrel and a pair of shoulder straps . 
   yes , you would default . 
  but the consequences are serious anyhow , at least you would have a chance to have your destiny in your own hands , and rebuild in the way that suits you . 
  i honestly believe the euro , the way it is built is a crap currency anyway , so the faster you can leave , the better . 
  i would n't mind this at all , as i agree that `` the consequences are serious anyhow '' , right now they are only being serious for us though . 
  if we left and defaulted the contagion would be quite a sight . 
  if we want to prevent that then we need to do something at the european level . 
  if not , lets do the breakage sooner rather than later please . 
   why not just leave , instead of trying to hold on to something that should never have seen the light of day , sad but true i would n't mind leaving . 
  but us leaving would have serious consequences as our debt is in euros . 
  so , leaving , would entail an almost complete default . 
  everyone would be seriously fucked if the troubled countries go that way . 
  not that i care , we are fucked anyway . 
   that will take over a decade in my opinion , what do you think they should do ? 
  well you can always find workarounds if you 're creative , you could create an european invesment bank or something like that . 
  we need something to hold the ship together as we certainly wo n't last a decade once france starts being really affected . 
  i do n't see that we need a new treaty for the ecb to have the power it should . 
  the eurozone central banks can just vote on it , not that i 'm hopeful that the crazy people in the bundesbank would . 
  we would need a new treaty for a true federation and that would indeed take time , hence why i want the ecb to do what it can to help in the mean time . 
   you imply permanent transfers from the richer countries to the poor and debt sharing i mean some kind of true federalism with all that it implies . 
  by break it , i mean exactly that . 
  this zombie eurozone we have nowadays is what ca n't go on . 
   you are implying that ecb should abandon it current goal of price stability i 'm saying it should have more goals besides price stability . 
  going only for price stability is antiquated to say the least . 
  yes , and like the boj and the federal reserve are doing . 
  make it or break it . 
  in the mean time , let the ecb do a proper central bank job . 
  further proof that the eurozone is the one that needs restructuring . 
   for example finnish mobile gaming startup supercell just gathered 100 million usd in new venture funding . 
  so money is not the issue , you see that 's part of the problem , it was easy for a finnish company to get that funding . 
  if a portuguese company tried the same it would be extremely hard for them , or it would come with a lot more conditions attached . 
  eheheh that 's pretty much how europeans dismiss arguments . 
   that taxes do n't cause unemployment ? 
  nope , they do . 
  no , they mostly do n't . 
   we could ever continue on the path we were i never argued for this . 
   naurgul made the claim that taxes do n't cause unemployment the empirical data mostly agrees with him on this by the way . 
  depending on the level of taxes and how they are spent of course . 
  yeah , the empirical data for austerity all over europe sure shows it 's working . 
  eheheh i 'm reading a book on our dictatorship . 
  it 's surprising how many of their ideas would be applicable nowadays . 
  makes you think it 's not that hard that it would happen again . 
  to be fair , marcelo was n't that bad , he was pretty much steering us into democracy , people were just sick of the colonial war and everything else , so very unwilling to wait . 
   the young person , having no experience , rejects empiricism . 
  as its intelligence opens itself to the world of ideas , it likes to conquer certainties resulting from reasoning or in it supported , it wants the power to debate with an argument without flaws , it needs the security of a well structured doctrine . 
  -- [ marcelo caetano ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marcelo_caetano ) on uat2d, 
  67bn $ not 10 . 
  it was already 68 in portugal ( it was 68 long before the crisis ) , we 're talking about exceptions here . 
  europe scumbag likes to pretend this has nothing to do with the reason europe keeps following the policies it has , and then he is all like `` y u no like us ? '' . 
  asshole . 
   the idea that if austerity had n't been implemented in the south that everything would 've been peachy is delusional . 
  it is , but no one expressed it . 
  the problem is not that the south is doing austerity , it 's that everybody is doing it . 
  europe as a whole should not be doing austerity , quite the contrary . 
   companies already paid for that directly with vat and the owners and shareholders also pay for it with the personal income tax . 
  the owners and shareholders do not necessarily live in the same country as the company is operating . 
  it is arguable if vat is really paid by the corporations or in fact their clients aka consumers , i think it 's something like 50 % each as corporation do not always rise their prices when vat goes up . 
  i do n't think they would be paying nearly enough for the expenses the public has with them with only these 2 . 
   i 'd abolish the corporate tax rate and lift pretty much all restrictions so it 's not like it 's easy to agree with me :p i used to completely agree with you but now i have a slightly murkier opinion on the subject . 
  for instance , when it comes to lifting all restrictions , i think they 're important to enforce stuff like environmental standards that affect everyone . 
  in the long term , when everyone is more civilized , i would welcome that . 
  and while i am for a low corporate tax rate , i think they should pay something as corporations do use the court systems , our roads , water system , etc. 
  if zero tax would translate into higher wages i would be fine with it , but i do n't see why they would , so they must pay something . 
  maybe you can have a user-pays logic instead of a corporate tax rate but they must pay what they use somehow . 
  i think you underestimate the effect of private debt on unemployment and other things , we have loads of it and this would help tremendously . 
  i would like lower taxes but traditionally they have n't had that much effect on employment unless you go to the levels of ireland or the netherlands which could be said to be leeching of the fact that they are in the eurozone and have lower relative taxes . 
  not that i would be against your solution , i just do n't know if it 's obviously better . 
  you 're giving money for nothing to banks and it 's not working very well as it does n't go to the real economy . 
  the advantage would be that this money would go straight to the real economy , helping lots of small business owners , another advantage is that these people would tend to spend their money rationally so no sector that does n't make sense would become oversized . 
  traditionally this was done trough construction projects . 
  we do n't need much more construction nowadays and you risk overheating that sector again . 
  not that we ca n't do one or two projects that make sense but we have to be careful there . 
  if things in europe continue as they are , i agree with you , for portugal . 
  although , i would n't say everyone , the contagion would not be easily contained , if portugal defaults lots of banks all over europe will be in trouble and these things tend to have a cascading effect . 
  an example of this can already be seen in cyprus that got in trouble thanks to the greek defaults . 
  you moron , this is n't about taking responsibility , this is about solving this problem . 
  first of all , because we have taken responsibility , more than we should in my opinion . 
  second of all , because given the constraints of being in the euro and having euro denominated debt we really ca n't solve the problem on our own . 
  well , we can , but it involves leaving the euro and defaulting on our debt , would you like that solution ? 
   prof heinsohn suggests giving the money straight to the unemployed and cut out the banks as middlemen in a case of crisis due to the inefficiency of this system . 
  i completely agree . 
  this would be a huge boost for the economy as these are the people who will spend it right away and get the cogs turning . 
   it 's all a matter of some `` unfortunate contagion '' it 's not unfortunate at all , we could have stopped this with greece . 
  if we had properly helped them . 
  instead we decided to teach them a lesson . 
  this contagion was not unfortunate at all it was inevitable given the decisions that were made . 
  that this keeps spreading only makes it seem crazier that we insist on the current policies that have already proven not to work . 
  i wish it would stop spreading , that would mean things would eventually start getting better here too . 
  that 's of course wishful thinking and not going to happen . 
  this is what 's so brilliant about the narrative northern politicians built leveraging the already existing and now exacerbated prejudice . 
  no one in the countries not immediately at risk gives a shit , people deserve this and it will , surely , ultimately be good for them , children need discipline . 
  if you guys find yourselves in the reverse situation , where we are up and you guys are down , count yourselves lucky , because everyone here would be eager to help , maybe we 're weird or have a shitty culture like that mexican dude from the `` today you , tomorrow me '' story .
