   now , if you do n't mind , tell me exactly how qe aka printing money and handing it to the financial sector will help the euro area . 
  sure , the main problem in the euro area , in my opinion , is too much debt , the fall in value of the collateral used , too much leverage , and imbalances in terms of competitiveness . 
  qe would help quite a bit solving all those problems , it would help states not having to save their banks which ruin their public finances , it would help banks to start loaning again at a lower interest rate , it would help bridge the competitiveness gap in the periphery which would have lower inflation than germany due to the austerity measures , it would help homeowners who have their house as collateral . 
  the way i see it , it would help pretty much every thing . 
  the effects can be seen in the us and in the uk which are quite a lot better than they could have been had they not done this . 
  the uk is not as better off due to how bad the eurozone is for not doing it . 
  who the fuck was speaking about portugal , the portuguese banks were nowhere close to the levels of leverage seen in the uk and other places . 
   you have no idea whatsoever of what quantitative easing actually is . 
  is that supposed to be an argument ? 
  i will try and guess where you 're aiming at based on your goldbug worldview ... 
  please tell me how they would recapitalize their banks without qe and what would be the result of that . 
   those who have the most assets have done the best , while the poorest face inflation that outstrips earnings . 
  i love this kind of logic , that conveniently forgets that without qe they would have to have done quite a lot of austerity and bailout quite a lot more banks , which would , of course , result in quite a lot more unemployment . 
  i wonder what that would do to the earnings of the poorest . 
  besides , qe also helps people that are n't `` rich '' at all and are paying down their mortgage and other debts . 
  there is still some resentment , particularly from angolans as their current `` regime '' likes to make anti-portuguese propaganda whenever our media reports on their corruption ( their regime seems to think our government can control our media ) . 
  still , our relation with our former colonies ( even with angola and angolans ) is mostly very good as there is a lot of immigration both ways due to the common language and bilateral agreements . 
  our former colonies inherited much of our legal system and laws so you can see much of our bureaucratic problems in there as well . 
  luckily , as we modernize ours ( lots of influence from german law nowadays ) , they are mostly keeping up , so , hopefully , we will all be running more smoothly in a few years . 
   oh look , according to banco de portugal , government spending is actually increasing ffs it increased in that specific trimester in relationship to the one in 2012 . 
  that does n't mean it 's increasing nor could it be since we have agreed with the troika to have a deficit reduction in 2013 too . 
   there have always been business cycles . 
  these have often been made worse by government intervention which constantly acts for the cycle , deficit spending in good times and facing the need to readjust in recessions . 
  i fully agree , governments should do counter-cyclical policies , so you agree with me , austerity is bad . 
  otoh if it was n't for the central banks intervention , mainly by the fed , this crisis would have been a lot worse , europe could be doing a lot better if it had a proper central bank instead of this retarded euro standard . 
   yet government spending is still at half the gdp , not exactly austerity . 
  i see , since the austerity you love is n't working in the real world , you have joined the austerity denialists crowd claiming it never actually happened . 
  you now argue semantics of what is and what is n't austerity , we have effectively cut expenses in all state services , state payments , and increased taxes ; if we are n't doing austerity i do n't know what that is . 
   once upon a time countries were on a gold-standard and once upon another time they were on fixed exchange rates and unsurprisingly enough the whole thing was fine without transfers . 
  no things were n't fine at all . 
  there were trouble all the time , there were bubbles and depressions too and there were no decent tools to deal with them much like it 's happening now in the eurozone . 
   we with austerity ? 
  if by austerity , you mean rhetoric , sure , but if you look at actual government spending , it 's increasing , aka not austerity . 
  no it 's not . 
  the only places where spending has increased is for interest payments and transfers , all other spending has decreased quite substantially . 
   it 's either austerity or bankruptcy . 
  at a national level , sure . 
  however if you want the eurozone to continue to exist , there must be solutions for the eurozone to deleverage at a transnational level . 
  you will go bankrupt with austerity anyway , as can be seen by our rising debt to gdp , austerity is no solution . 
   because they rather not vote for populist scoundrels like we did and rather not go the way of portugal , spain and greece . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  merkel is deeply populist . 
  why do you think she makes declarations saying europe should lose power to the member states , that greece should not have been allowed in the euro , that we are a big success story of austerity policies . 
  she is as populist as you can get . 
  this kind of surprised me , apparently nokia is just 1 % of finland 's gdp nowadays . 
  i do n't see how you can say finland is a one-firm economy anymore . 
   to be more precise , towards frau merkel , since she symbolises `` austerity '' . 
  frankly i think this is totally justified , she has been one of the most ardent supporters of a policy that has quite proven not to work already . 
  she 's also a liar and continually lies to everyone including the german public , just to give you an example , our debt keeps skyrocketing and she tells people we 're a success . 
  we will need a second bailout but hopefuly that will be after the elections . 
  why germans continue to vote for her is confusing to me . 
  i thought it was ok since everyone always oversimplifies things in the greek case and discussing the eurozone crisis . 
  germany lives on lending out too much money irresponsibly to importers and not spending it internally . 
  one could say the same about germany . 
  after looking carefully he is right , there are indeed at least 2 roads that i can find in the map with a smaller speed limit which i hand ' t noticed . 
  all the roads with the name starting in the format a # are 120 , the others starting with ic and ip are not . 
  it 's like elections are a license to say whatever you want for a politician . 
  frankly i do n't know what the fuck are these democracies we have nowadays if politicians can just lie to the voters without any consequence . 
  ah , i had n't , that 's close to what we 're currently paying per kilometer , hence why our highways are deserted . 
  wow if those prices are recent , tolls in spain are like 10x cheaper than the tolls we 're currently paying . 
   that does seem to be quite a lot of motorways . 
  are they all proper motorways ? 
  like 120 kmh-1 yes they are , they were quite expensive . 
   portuguese road mortality compared to eu average between 1991 and 2008 - i think the decreasing trend has been maintained since 2009 and 2012 . 
  i just checked , apparently you 're right and the trend was maintained , the decrease in traffic apparently was enough to offset the extra mortality from people taking secondary roads . 
  using the highways was quite established for all highways apart for the ones that did n't use to have tolls ( which did n't have tolls precisely because it was expected their use to be relatively reduced due to their destinations being previously quite isolated ) . 
  people simply can not afford the ridiculously expensive tolls anymore . 
  on the other hand , the deal these companies have with the government usually ensures them a minimum rent regardless of how many people pay tolls , so they do n't really care . 
  anyway , the results are coming in and portugal has experienced many more deaths on the road this year . 
  just a few more casualties of this crisis . 
  are you being purposefully obtuse ? 
  his point is obviously that average does n't mean what people actually think it means , when the values are so skewed to the extremes . 
  intuitively most people think average means what it does when things follow a normal distribution . 
  there are times where the `` average '' is a very shitty indicator as it gives very little information towards the real numbers in the sampled population , and that was obviously his point . 
  [ edit ] hence why you should include the standard deviation and other indicators along with the average but no one cares about that anymore . 
  i 'm sorry but i 've us patented prefacing your thoughts by indicating mixed feelings in order to show you are considering conflicting ideals in the subsequent thoughts . 
  please pay me the reasonable fee of 5000 $ so you can continue to do business using my technology . 
  you think so ? 
  most of what i read in that article was bad news about how even r&d is being outsourced now . 
  i do n't see how that bodes well . 
  yep . 
  windows 8 was even more idiotic than vista , and we have already seen this effect with vista . 
  most pc sales are to companies , why would a company want to upgrade to a shitty tablet os which has no productivity gains whatsoever for a desktop work computer . 
   france , do n't reform your country as we did here in germany . 
  you will transform a lot of jobs in low-wage-jobs , have the employee in a much more inferior relation to the employer . 
  the middle class will erode it 's not like they have the option of not doing it . 
  they share currency with a mercantilistic economic powerhouse - germany . 
  while germany continues their policies all europeans countries have no chance but to do the same to stop losing competitiveness relative to germany . 
  he makes a valid point , we should probably be paying more attention to other indicators if our objective is a society where people live well . 
  being the lab rats of crazy economic ideas is always so nice . 
  the most annoying thing to me is how these idiotic ideas keep resurfacing every decade with slightly refurbished arguments in their favor . 
  europe needs to change course , greece can reform all they like , they are simply not able to fix their problems on their own , it 's not mathematically possible . 
  right ... we had gypsies here for centuries now , a lot of the time they were n't discriminated , when what they did was being travelling salesman going from fair to fair and itinerant farm workers . 
  during all those centuries they did not integrate . 
  so i think you got the order in reverse . 
  they are discriminated because they ca n't have their itinerant lifestyle anymore and decided to become beggars and thieves , they do not integrate because they are a quite racist people that have no interest whatsoever in doing so . 
  i 'd say spending a bit more on training so you can have savings forever is probably a good investment . 
  it 's not like you do n't have to regularly train people with new versions of office too . 
  as for the excel files not being opened , they 're the government , they can demand things be delivered to them in any format they want . 
  demanding an open format that can be created by a free application makes sense to me .
