   while politicians may be stupid they still have hundreds and thousands of experts playing out different kind of scenarios . 
  while this current scenario may sound bad , it may very well be the least bad of options available right now . 
  these `` experts '' have been failing their predictions consistently since the crisis in europe started . 
  they are consistently too optimistic in their predictions , consistently underestimating the ill effects . 
  so i would n't put much stock in them . 
  this will have very serious repercussions . 
  i like it . 
  i think it describes european idiotic gold ( euro ) standard defenders , better than silly libertarians . 
  they have to , otherwise people might actually realize that what needs restructuring is the eurozone and how it is managed . 
  not just cypriots , apparently if you have your money in european banks it can be stolen , the capital flight during next week is going to be interesting to watch . 
   but lets not pretend it 's logistically easy . 
  first as obraka said it is not as complicated as you describe . 
  second i was n't pretending that it was logistically easy , this is the european parliament , i expect they should be able to accomplish moderately complex logistic tasks . 
  they are n't because like all european institutions they are filled with incompetent bureaucrats . 
  the incompetency we have come to expect from european institutions strikes again . 
  our name comes from the name of our second biggest city `` porto '' whose latin name was `` portus cale '' which may mean `` beautiful port '' if the `` cale '' indeed comes from the greek `` kallis '' . 
  before our country existed , the north of modern portugal was `` county portucalense '' whose count , our founder , eventually decided should be independent . 
  i 'm not . 
  people are desperate , setting yourself on fire is the ultimate call for attention . 
  you may not live to see the difference you made , but you at least die thinking you did . 
  a dude already tried to do this in portugal , luckily he was n't very good at it and the police was able to put out the fire using their bare hands and a bottle of water . 
  you 're supposed to return 0 if your program exited normally . 
   forecasts show that the country 's economy is expected to contract by a further 4 to 4.5 % this year . 
  ( ... )  the government is optimistic that growth is around the corner war is peace , freedom is slavery , ignorance is strength , and contraction is growth . 
  you have to love europe 's ministry of plenty . 
   you look like me that does n't justify living of my parents tax money ahahahah the irony . 
  anyway , you 're young . 
  you 're right that his pitch line was ridiculous , presumptious and stupid . 
  your reaction however was what we usually see here from `` novos ricos '' , the french call them the `` nouveau riche '' . 
  you apparently have the money but none of the education and good manners that used to be associated with it . 
  i hope that , with age , wisdom will come and you will change your ways and become a gentlewoman . 
  marshall plan ? 
  i used to be totally for it , right now i 'd like this union to collapse as fast as possible . 
  we simply do not have the empathy and mutual respect needed to be in an union as proven by the latest developments . 
  it never ended . 
  european politicians sold people the idea that the lazy south needed restructuring and that was the only problem . 
  obviously this appeals to northern voter egos as they always suspected they were better and whiter anyway . 
  in truth , what really needs restructuring is the eurozone and the eu . 
  that has n't been done at all . 
  i 'm not saying southern countries do n't need reforms , does n't everyone ? 
  as a programmer however , i was trained to respect [ amdahl 's law ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amdahl's_law ) and to start optimizing where it makes the biggest difference . 
  the south can reform and restructure all it wants . 
  it will make little difference by itself . 
   by 2014 we 'll have a fiscal union set up with at least a modicum of surplus recycling mechanisms , or we 'll have a bunch of new currencies floating around . 
  if none of this happens , things will get ugly . 
  damn right . 
  frankly i think people are willing to wait until the german elections , if after them things do n't change , fuck this shit . 
  i will start protesting for the first time in my life for us to leave this union . 
  pretty neat . 
  a few suggestions if i may . 
  i think this could be improved if you removed , not just stop words , but also some of the most common words used in english . 
  such as `` getting '' , `` look '' , `` makes '' and others . 
  also `` makes '' and `` getting '' appearing may also show that you are n't using stemming which would make , for instance `` getting '' count as a `` get '' , which would improve the accuracy of this word cloud in my opinion . 
  so i suggest you use stemming ( the porter stemming algorithm works pretty well ) . 
  anyway thanks for the word cloud it looks great . 
  for a moment i was excited thinking that we have finally reverted to poop slinging . 
  and what 's their savings to gdp ratio ? 
  the free market is good , except when der terk er jerbs !, 
  ** if ** they do n't control the currency they are indebting themselves in . 
   spreading the hurt further would lower the perceived urgency of reforms even more . 
  the perceived urgency of reforms is gone . 
  it was replaced with despair . 
  no one believes reforming is going to solve anything , what people believe , rightly so in my opinion , is that we are fucked anyway . 
  people focused so much on giving southerners `` urgency to reform '' that they gave southerners a `` fuck you europe , fuck you creditors , fuck all this shit '' mentality . 
  maybe that 's good . 
  maybe that will increase the `` perceived urgency '' to reform on an european and creditor level . 
  because frankly , we need reforms , but so does europe and irresponsible lenders . 
  [ for those having trouble picturing this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vm0duo-xrjo&amp;t=6m5s ) . 
  breathing room should not be bought with idiotic tax raising ( austerity ) and blind cuts . 
  breathing room should be bought by the ecb printing money . 
  the evidence we are not printing enough is spread all over southern europe as unemployment . 
  there is a lot of machines and people idling because there 's not enough money going around . 
  that 's wasted productive capacity and economic potential . 
  all because of our stupid currency . 
  there would n't even be much inflation as the production would grow as the unemployed get back to work . 
  i think even europe agrees with me now , they 're just mad italy wants to stay sovereign while doing it . 
  italians can reform all they want . 
  the real structural problem is the euro and this ill constructed , ill managed union . 
  any other structural problem italians may have is minuscule compared to that effect . 
  in fact , if italians just did these so called structural reforms , without leaving the euro , the only effect would be an even quicker deflationary death spiral than they are already seeing and unemployment levels comparable with spain , greece and portugal . 
  europe needs to change its monetary policies fast or collapse and stop destroying lives . 
  the quicker it does either the better . 
  dey took aur jerbs !, 
  as others have said the numbers are exaggerated . 
  however , it will only get worse . 
  this is a protest against a policy that is not working . 
  i tell you , if it was , if our debts were getting smaller , if we could see the light at the end of the tunnel , portuguese would be protesting very little . 
  there is no hope for portugal with the current plan , and that 's what people are protesting . 
  if they keep doing this , the result will be that people will be more and more convinced ( as i already am by the way ) , that the best we can do is to say `` fuck you '' to this europe , `` fuck you '' to our creditors . 
  fuck everything really . 
  we are fucked anyway we really have nothing to lose , and at least , this way , our corrupt and irresponsible creditors will feel our pain too . 
  this being popular in election time shows that is probably true . 
  now i imagine typical germans going back to the pile to protest all the romanians and bulgarians getting in . 
  i do n't know why you decided to turn into a troll , probably your life sucks , for now you are added to my mental ignore list . 
  i 'm not gay but it 's not just an impression , there are rankings for this shit . 
  lisbon is extremely gay friendly . 
  when it comes to european capitals ( there are other cities and islands that may be friendlier ) , it may actually be the most gay friendly . 
  dude fuck off already . 
  i and many other people have already proven to you that it has , go troll somewhere else . 
  lisbon is probably one of the gay friendliest cities you can find in europe , southern or otherwise .
