  however , i do think that this is what the majority of the people want . 
  because most people either do n't care that homosexual couples adopt , seen what happens to children in institutions and prefer this , or just outright support it . 
  i think we should n't treat people with cancer . 
  it is biologically unnatural for them to survive , it 's nature 's way of telling them they 're too old . 
  haters gon na hate edit - if it was n't clear , i was referring to the comments not to what iamsexyniknowit said . 
  that 's mildly interesting . 
  have an upvote . 
  yeah , i need to see the image in bigger sizes next time . 
  i 'm pretty sure the people answering `` people of another race '' in portugal thought about gypsies . 
   i pretty much lost all my savings and a few `` friends '' ftfy, 
  the uk is not in the euro so they are a different situation , although i would n't say they are n't being affected . 
  germany is not growing well at all [ it is very narrowly avoiding recession ] ( http://www.rttnews.com/2118161/german-q1-gdp-growth-misses-forecast-france-enters-recession.aspx?type=alleco ) , i wonder for how much longer . 
  yes , yes [ there is ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icawcbyanty ) . 
  as much of an idiot as hollande may or not be . 
  this is hardly his fault . 
  all of europe is doing austerity , how would france be unaffected ? 
  anyway , yeah , i 'm sure it 's all french commies fault , and the french deserve what 's coming their way . 
  ffs half the ship is underwater , can we stop blaming individual sailors and fix the fucking ship . 
  no , you do n't understand . 
  i want to make creative smartphone apps . 
  so , obviously , toilets should have a 1 % tax to subsidize me since a lot of people like to use apps while they shit . 
  you guys are n't allowed to own pepper spray ? 
   if it boosts a creative industry why not ? 
  because it 's hampering every other , creative or not , industry ? 
  as i have already said in / r/economics it certainly feels that way . 
  more than half in my group of friends has already left , my brother has left , one of my sisters has left . 
  i 'm starting to feel like that old guy that refuses to leave his small village in the middle of nowhere . 
  when people say that austerity is working i just laugh nowadays . 
  it will hurt now but it will make for a better tomorrow - they think . 
  no it wo n't you fucking asshole . 
  you will have no decent engineers to build a future when tomorrow comes . 
  exactly we 're producers now . 
  we can consume pigeon shit if we 're lucky enough that one of them shits on us while we 're busy producing . 
  was n't this a stupid plan anyway ? 
  transporting electricity is not exactly the same as a gas pipeline . 
  maybe someone from the energy field can explain to me how this would work . 
  i 'm all for letting turkey in , i actually think they should have been let in ages ago , but , right now , europe has other problems to solve before we can even think of expanding . 
  i 'm sorry but this is n't very interesting . 
  as a young child it was always a mistery to me - how do they pick who goes in the teams ? 
  well i would expect the uk to be reasonably close to ireland on this . 
  obviously , there ca n't be a trade surplus on the planet , europe does n't understand that . 
  there 's a reason the us considers germany a currency manipulator . 
   women are biologically hypergamous , meaning they tend to seek out partners who are older , taller , stronger , richer , higher status than they are . 
  sure , this obviously happens . 
  i have never seen , however , girls doing this specifically so they could have a more comfortable life during college . 
  we 're all going to be exporters , the us will be the consumers , amirite ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  that 's even more messed up , help me understand this weird culture . 
  is this the onion or are irish girls really having to prostitute themselves to keep studying ? 
   nuclear fusion is a white elephant , and it will not see any improvement soon i did say long term . 
  althought i would n't be so sure that it 's a white elephant , see [ iter ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iter ) . 
  given limitless energy the other problems simply do not matter . 
  we can solve them all . 
  no , the eu , particularly the eurozone - as it is - does not work . 
  as for the future and consumption . 
  i 'm optimistic on the ( very ) long term , once we solve the problem of nuclear fusion there are really no limits as we will have virtually limitless energy . 
  so to compete with germans , we have to subsidize our workers ? 
  you need to change your username to diskhthonpia . 
   to implement the far reaching reforms that the europeans are clamouring to see . 
  who the fuck is this moron to speak in the name of europeans ? 
  it seems like the communist parties in my country . 
  they never say `` our party 's opinion is '' , `` we want '' or `` we would like '' . 
  they always say `` the portuguese people 's opinion is '' , `` the portuguese people want '' or `` the portuguese people would like '' . 
  fuck off , these morons do not speak for the portuguese people and this `` conservative daily '' certainly does not speak for the european people . 
  stop trying to make it seem like ** your ** opinion is supported by a majority . 
  [ relevant southpark episode ] ( http://www.southparkstudios.com/full-episodes/s10e06-manbearpig ), 
  more like r.i.p. 
  portugal , spain , greece , etc. 
  these are some of the best these countries have ever produced and they 're going away . 
  i think the `` amount of tax lost '' is kind of worthless . 
  there are reasons why things go into the shadow economy . 
  many times because they would n't be profitable if they had to pay taxes and do all the bureaucracy . 
  so they would simply not get done if we were to end the shadow economy , and no tax money would be collected . 
  i have better sources than reputable audit firms - friends that live in angola . 
  slovenians and croats , trust me , you 're not the first or the third or anything close . 
  correct . 
  1 year . 
  so last year inflation already helped real home prices not fall by 2.38 % . 
  it 's already helping . 
   it 's quite logical to assume that inflation rate has little to none influence on dutch housing market at least in the past few decades . 
  no it is not . 
  first of all , there are plenty of other factors involved such as interest rates and weird tax rules . 
  second of all , if you remove the inflation adjustment you can see that inflation in fact helped the prices not drop so much . 
  for instance , in the last 4 years house prices fell by 6.76 % , when adjusted for inflation they fell by 9.14 % . 
  so inflation already made a huge difference helping keep the nominal price hence avoiding defaults by homeowners . 
  it 's not guesswork at all , if there was no inflation certainly house prices would have fallen even more . 
  this is a known fact . 
  in fact , there is a correlation between inflation and the price of any good in limited supply . 
  just because , in recent years , it may not be so apparent due to other factors it does n't give you the right to say that correlation does n't exist . 
  take another statistics course . 
  ohhh ... 
  thanks for clarifying !, 
  no we ca n't . 
  it 's probably helping right now . 
  if it was n't for that inflation the situation would probably be much worse . 
  ~ 3 % inflation is n't that high anyway when you have a problem like this , particularly if it 's explained by a vat increase . 
  we have tons of bats here , tons . 
  thank goodness for that as they eat a huge amount of annoying flying bugs . 
  it 's very common to see them eating bugs around illumination posts even in lisbon . 
  so i 'm not sure what kind of bats are you counting for the green dots .
