  i came here to rant about how stupid this was like if this was some suggestion that they should find oil . 
  and then i read the article which says `` legally speaking and commercially speaking '' which actually makes sense . 
   but frank schaeffler of the free democrats party - a junior coalition member - argued that bailout measures have made greece 's economic situation deteriorate i do n't really think it 's the bailout measures , i think it 's the ecb policies . 
  the way i see it , the problem is that since greece ca n't control the value of their coin and the ecb wo n't let germany have a little inflation the only way for greece to be more competitive again is deflation . 
  as we all know , deflation seriously fucks up an economy . 
  now if the ecb would allow for some inflation in germany ( by lowering interest rates to zero or close ) , greece would become more competitive just by having less or no inflation at all ( which would probably happen with all the austerity measures ) . 
  i do think that in the long term these austerity measures will be a good thing since clearly greece much like the other periphery countries ( like my own ) had an overbloated public sector . 
  however we should n't be putting their economy in deflation , no good can come of that . 
  well he 's in a very hard position given the limited power he has , his weakened position and the way europe works , but i would have kept it a lot shorter and to the point . 
  what i would have liked would 've been a very brief explanation of the european economic crisis , followed by an explanation of why it affects us all and finally a short term plan to actually deal with this crisis instead of the `` kick the can down the road '' measures europe keeps doing and that he talked about . 
  he might not have the power but he needed to inspire people - he did n't . 
  i ca n't believe i actually watched all this ... 
  in the beginning he looked very cute , speaking the diplomatic language of yore and thinking he has any power when , in reality , merkel and sarkozy are calling the shots and ignoring him . 
  his english accent ruined the second part in terms of cuteness . 
  after that , he finally reacted to merkel and sarkozy not caring about him and wanting to put herman van rompuy as head of some new unneeded organism . 
  which is good but a little too late and the damage to his position is already done . 
  subsequently , he talks , for way too long , either about very small measures that do n't matter at all , or about more integration and big measures with way too big timelines to make a difference in the current crisis . 
  he finishes with some war fear mongering no young european cares about and some stupid european pride about other countries ( us , brics , etc i think ) giving us advice and we not giving a fuck . 
  1.5 / 5 would n't watch again . 
  ahahah at first glance i thought it was a german word . 
  hats off to you dear count, 
  eheheh nazi and communist are the 2 biggest insults in poland . 
  i 've seen a documentary where they call the exact same person both of them ( something to do with abortions which they do n't like over there ) . 
  ohh well , at least it protects them from going down those roads i hope . 
  oh , here we used to have different words for it , but now the trend is using the word science for everything . 
  i just like to reserve it for those actually using the scientific method . 
  because the word , for me , implies that you can actually experimentally test your hypothesis . 
  using the word science and scientists inappropriately is , in my opinion , trying to give the knowledge you obtained via other means the same credibility the knowledge obtained following the scientific method naturally has , when it should n't be so . 
  so yeah it 's semantics and i do n't even know why this bothers me so much . 
   get the scientists ( economists , historians , politics and international relationship experts and what not ) although i respect all of these professions , think they produce valid human knowledge and think that they should definitely be onboard . 
  i would n't really call any of them scientists . 
   `` they could operate without concern for resistance and end the inefficiency , '' wtf !, 
  everything this guy says is wtf !, 
  that said . 
  the idea of sending some foreign people in might have some merit , not because of this moron reasons or because the greek are ineffective , but because they have n't been corrupted by the locals yet and learning the way people do stuff in other places is always good . 
  ok i guess it 's not very cold given it 's latitude . 
  it just seemed a kinda odd thing to say , for me , because where i live the average temperature in january is 10\u00ba and that 's considered cold . 
   iceland is not a very cold country . 
  the average temperatures for january is -0.4 \u00b0 c. 
  ahahah average -0.4 is not considered very cold ? 
  i do n't see the contradiction because i never said you would not lose sovereignty . 
  i guess it depends on what kind of `` independence '' is more important to you . 
  btw i like most europeans , that understood it at least partially , was n't in favor of the lisbon treaty at the time ; but lets see how it goes . 
  i 'm talking about cultural independence and independence from being influenced by a neighbour you do n't like . 
  sovereignty does n't protect you from that very well if you 're a small country . 
  the free movement of people and ideas in europe makes people from a member country less likely to turn to outside sources for their cultural influences and it makes it much harder for a neighbour , like russia , to influence and meddle with your politics . 
  of course , the loss of sovereignty is a problem hence the reason why stebbiv is against federalism as he sees that as too much ceding of sovereignty . 
  obviously we already have a watered down version of federalism but people seem to like it the way it is . 
  i do n't see what your argument has anything to do with what i 've said . 
  perhaps my english or punctuation was poor . 
  i was just explaining how eu membership can be seen , by some countries , as a means to `` strengthen the independence '' . 
  kinda like nato but better since you also get freedom of movement in europe , some other perks and become more culturally attached to europe . 
  this latter factor of cultural protection is particularly important for some members . 
  i think many countries that fear the influence of powerful neighbours , like russia or dogmatic ideologies they had bad experiences with , joined for this reason . 
  this is also the reason why i think europe should have allowed turkey to join , many , many years ago . 
  now they have islamified a little and i do n't think that would 've happened if they had joined . 
  the turks looked at european culture , at science and at secular values when building their country , making what was probably the best and smoothest transition to democracy in the world , and we just decided to ignore them and turn our backs to them . 
  turkey is just one example of a country that clearly wanted to join because it wanted cultural protection from their fundamentalist neighbours . 
  which would help it 's independence , it 's democracy and it 's secular state . 
  ohh well at least maybe this will finally make the italians get rid of their ridiculous prime minister . 
  i pretty much believe they can get their act together since their deficit is not that high anyway ( easy to fix without that much austerity ) and this seems like more american propaganda against europe 's economy . 
  humm no i would n't say so . 
  usd is also falling and they might print more . 
  maybe chf but it 's pretty high already . 
  if you 're not very good at this currency stuff ( like me ) probably the safest bet is to put your money in things that rise in value any time they print money and inflate , like the stocks of good companies you know and trust . 
   let 's put that in perspective . 
  the federal reserve 's first round of qe was $ 1.25 trillion , and the second round was $ 600 billion . 
  two trillion euros is $ 2.8 trillion . 
  so the total program could be half as much again the entire fed stimulus package . 
  in other words , the amount of money printed to prop up the euro is going to far larger than anything we have yet seen . 
  europe 's economy is bigger . 
  apparently it 's ok for the us to inflate everyone and for china to artificially keep it 's coin low , but if we do it , it 's disaster ? 
  us and china were the ones that turned this into a currency devaluation war by doing it first . 
  europe would be stupid not to do this . 
  biofuels are , as a rule of thumb , ** not ** environmentally friendly , quite the contrary . 
  the only good biofuels are the ones we make from waste products and the ones we could possibly grow in deserts or other such wastelands . 
  places where we would n't be fucking with any good natural ecosystem . 
  regarding the latter option , i do n't see where in europe we have those places and we do n't have the right technology and algae ( or something like it ) for sahara or similar yet . 
  otherwise humans will just be taking more land from either good natural ecosystems or food growing land , either way this will not help gaia it will just fuck her up more . 
  summarily , biofuels although they have their uses are mostly a scam . 
  stop spamming / r/europe you bastard, 
  why ? 
  angola does need patrol boats . 
  sure angola has a lot of corruption but what did you expect from a country that was in civil war until 2002 . 
  sure , hydrogen storage and fuel cells will eventually be a good way to solve the problem ( definitely not today or in the short term ) and you can already solve it by using dams ( if a little inefficient ) . 
  it does however seem a little megalomaniacal given the dimensions we are talking about here . 
  ohh well , maybe i 'll be proven wrong but this has all the smells of a lobby pulling our strings and technology and knowledge being used without much wisdom . 
  really 50 % in 100 % renewables ??? 
  wind is totally inconstant and wind farms stop producing energy if it 's too fast or too slow . 
  i really do n't see how this is possible without maintaining lots of fossil fuel ( gas ) plants ready to fire , unless you 're germany and you 're close to france who can give you nuclear power . 
  of course , they say that will happen by 2050 and seriously no one knows what the fuck kind of technology we will have by then , we might even have good fusion energy by then and 2050 is way too late to solve agw anyway . 
  also , no one knows how the huge amount of wind farms they are planning will affect climate , for instance , by changing the atmospheric vorticity . 
  this piece reads pretty much like propaganda but that 's not surprising coming from the ewea which clearly has an interest in this . 
  eheheh yes because that 's where i was n't completely sure it was the same name . 
  eh portugal and finland have the exact same names or am i misunderstanding it ? 
  is juhani the fin version of john ? 
  true , but a little inflation would be good right now , maybe it 's time to change that . 
  it certainly does and they 're also different for a bunch of other reasons ( for instance much of italy debt is owed to italians ) . 
  still they are in trouble and raising rates definitely does not help them stay afloat . 
   germany 's economy is more important than portugal or greece of course , much more important , i totally agree on this point .
