  i do n't think it 's the same , because there is no special case . 
  we 're talking about an exception made just for the police in the spanish case . 
  our law hugely protects our privacy and hence our liberty , it has its downsides but it also has the upsides . 
  the proposed spanish law only has downsides . 
  well it 's a little bit different given that the law applies to everyone not just the cops , you can not film someone in public . 
  you can not take a photograph of someone in a public place without their permission , it does n't matter if they 're cops . 
  you can only photograph other people in public without their permission if they 're not the main object of the photo . 
  wtf, 
  what makes the intelia a lot less noisier is the ceramic grinder ( grinding is when these machines make most of their noise ) , i could n't find anything saying the trevi chiara has one , it probably uses a cheaper steel grinder , so i 'm guessing it 's noisier . 
  i have both a saeco intelia and a krups model that has a steel grinder , i 'd say the intelia is about a little less than half the noise the krups one makes . 
  would that be silent enough ? 
  this may not be very ethical but , given your very particular situation , i think i would take the intelia home , see if it 's silent enough to make coffee using the grinder with your wife asleep , if it is not , return it , and trade it for the cheaper one . 
  if you 're going to have to use powder anyway you might as well take the cheaper one . 
  as an alternative you can search for other machines with ceramic instead of steel grinders and see if you can find a better deal . 
  yeah , maybe my reply would have been more appropriate addressed to sprash . 
   customers should consider the ` safety ' of a bank this is an idiotic idea that only a market fundamentalist would defend . 
  i 'm all for the free market , but people need to understand the fundamental assumptions that are required for it to work . 
  namely that the information must be perfect and symmetric ( everyone has all the information needed ) between both sides of an exchange . 
  that is clearly not the case between a bank and a costumer , and it 's not just not having minor pieces of the information or minor asymmetries that we see in regular day to day stuff where the free market works fairly well . 
  there 's a huge difference between the information each part in this transaction has . 
  this is , among other reasons , why the banks need to be seriously regulated . 
  so , bank runs , no problem with that , right ? 
  because the market is always rational , right ? 
  i had just noticed the fact that ,  deutschland \u00fcber alles , untermensch can be easily understood if you try to read it as if it was english . 
  as it will sound pretty damn close to someone with an odd pronunciation saying :  deusthland over all undermen . 
  i thought it was funny and i do n't see how that 's being a bigot . 
  then again i did n't account for german humor ( eheh ) . 
  uat2d last example is in fact close to latin btw because it 's portuguese , but it 's an odd combination of words that sound like german to a portuguese , so it 's kind of a private joke ( that he stole from me ) . 
  anyway , there was no intention of offending anyone on my part . 
  have n't we already agreed on a fiscal pact ? 
  do n't we ( except germany it seems ) agree with european bank supervision ? 
  i just realized that , if instead of thinking of it as german , if i interpret german text as someone totally retarded writing in english , i can understand what they 're saying . 
  i know in portugal we can now , when we could n't not long ago , pick other electricity suppliers . 
  for instance , many people are switching to the spanish endesa . 
  germany is only being misconstrued because they want to . 
  they keep making europe do what they want by pretending they will agree to actual solutions to this crisis if it does . 
  then they say well that 's not exactly what we said you still need to do this one little thing and then we will agree . 
  frankly i think it 's a good tactic for getting what they want , but a very annoying one that creates resentment in the other countries and instability in the markets . 
  i think germany may be the one misconstruing europe , thinking they can play this game for as long as they want - tables will turn . 
  they have started turning in my opinion because everyone already knows germany is playing this game , and this game is making the situation worse for everyone . 
  [ edit ] [ reddiquette ] ( http://www.reddit.com/help/reddiquette ), 
  well if you 're a 5 year old you do n't notice much is different . 
  [ how i imagine our finance ministers working on this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4gpvz.jpg ), 
  is this dangerous on the clothing or just polluting during production ? 
  should we start using mormon magic undergarments to protect ourselves ? 
  i like that moment where he 's just like [ i 'm going to casually get you out of the way ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpke2hhnep4&amp;t=2m58s ), 
  every portuguese i know has a plan to blow up our parliament , our politicians are just lucky we are chronic procrastinators . 
  it has nothing to do with foreigners though . 
  i would n't pay much attention , sinn is a complete nutjob and a liar . 
  for instance :  greece and portugal are in a separate category . 
  these are the only two countries that consume more than they produce . 
  this is n't even true anymore . 
  we now have a positive balance of trade . 
  while some of the measures were extremely stupid like the lowering of the retirement age , this is clearly because of the self-imposed recession europe is having and nothing else . 
  so what ? 
  my problem is that it could reduce innovation in europe , particularly by innovators and small startups being constrained by 800 pound gorillas with huge legal teams and thousands of worthless patents . 
  if anything , they being more innovative than us right now ( if that is even true ) , that could make it worse . 
  i can give you many examples of stupid patents stifling innovation in the us and i 'd rather not have that problem here . 
  i 'm not so sure given how ridiculous americans are with their patent and copyright laws . 
  frankly i 'm afraid it could hurt innovation in europe , particularly if we get their idiotic software patents . 
  seems reasonable , the cross is part of their national symbols , the halos are not . 
  still , given that it 's a commemorative coin , that the coin 's motif is religious and that it is in fact depicting `` saints '' , i think they could 've been more lenient , consider it religious art or something . 
  bush also seemed to be absolutely dumb and incompetent , but there certainly was a geostrategy behind what he did . 
  then i do n't really see your problem . 
  besides i 'm not asking for solidarity i 'm asking for you guys to let the ecb do it 's fucking job like it did when the core countries needed it in the dotcom bubble burst which , btw , quite fucked us in the process . 
  you keep repeating that bullshit . 
  what i want is to end the austerity much as is proposed in this article . 
  that said i 'm all for it once our gdp per capita is above the eurozone average . 
  which it is not and not getting any closer thanks in no small part to eurozone and ecb policies . 
  portuguese never had any problem with solidarity , we 've been doing it for years with our former colonies compared to whom we were certainly relatively rich ( not any more ) . 
  so this might be foreign to your culture but it certainly is not to a portuguese . 
  i 'm just going to upvote all your posts in this thread , you make an even better job than the blog explaining this stuff , even to non economists like me . 
  thanks for taking the time to write them . 
  you will obviously get downvoted for this , maybe for the way you said it , but i find it very likely that strategists in germany have considered this and that their advice has weighted on german politicians who in turn chose a narrative to tell us to justify their crimes . 
  much like we always get fed a narrative to justify a war with much the same elements of good and bad guys . 
  it has certainly weighted on their position that they have a chance to become the new rhineland hegemon . 
  not considering this is being totally naive . 
  anyone who has ever spoken with any high ranking military knows they are constantly thinking about this kind of stuff , and they make it a point to tell their politicians too . 
  so morally , in my opinion , it makes current policies even more evil . 
  there are other factors of course , but it 's very sad that in a 21st century europe that is supposed to be united in solidarity and friendship this kind of powerplays are still a factor . 
  [ edit ] fuck you people not respecting the [ reddiquette ] ( http://www.reddit.com/help/reddiquette ) downvotes are not for disagreeing . 
  humm this actually seems pretty good ( i love pickles ) , i 'd definitely would n't use the apple because i do n't like fruits in my salads but i can certainly see why some people would like it . 
  do you think replacing the sour cream with plain yogurt would work ? 
  it 's very hard to find sour cream here . 
  they were torturing and beating a dog . 
  there 's no reason , they 're sociopaths and indeed should be in jail . 
  you guys do n't get it , i know slovenians are new at this so i 'll dumb it down for you guys . 
  that 's how austerity is supposed to work . 
  the low and middle classes are the ones who work , and supposedly we all need to be quite a lot more competitive and earn less . 
  it would be dumb for austerity to affect the rich since they hardly do any work or have a wage anyway . 
  in fact you want them to keep their money so they can invest in a much smarter way than our dumb governments who ca n't do anything right . 
  you really need to understand the completely twisted and ridiculously biased to the supply side economics we are following to grasp what is happening in europe . 
  i said there are no alternatives ** at the country level ** . 
  there 's only so much an individual country in the eurozone can do without the support of the others and the ecb , and it is n't much . 
  not at all . 
  i agree with krugman , but for his ideas to work it needs to be eurozone wide since we share the same currency and are all part of the problem . 
  if a state without it 's own currency , or with a very small and exposed economy , tried to follow krugman 's policies alone , the results would be quite bad as exemplified by my own country . 
  from what i 've heard it 's their banks that are the problem , much like ireland and spain . 
  the museum spending is particularly idiotic . 
   `` can anyone take these idiots seriously when they announce they are spending millions on a ` museum ' to glorify themselves when people in greece , portugal , spain and ireland are really suffering ? '',
