  i doubt their motives . 
  probably they decided to make news of this so the government would step in , as the evictions are n't good for the banks either . 
  banks already have a huge inventory of homes they ca n't sell and doing write downs is not good for their balance sheets . 
  maybe i 'm a cynic , however , the suicides are certainly not the reason for this . 
  your edit made me laugh eheheh . 
  i guess i think you 're way too optimistic but i 'd love you to be right . 
  in your answer to my first reply you did say `` debt is n't rising '' , which might not have been exactly what you pretended to say . 
  as arguing about the * manageability * of the debt certainly makes a lot more sense . 
  i 'm sure all the blogs and reddit posts have qualified you for saying this about him , unlike , you know , the years and years of study and nobel prizes both men got . 
   in contrast , the germans have long considered that what the french refer to as a `` crisis '' is in fact a major historical shift many people thought the exact same thing in the great depression , those people and the policies they defended made it last much longer than necessary , in fact it took a war to force the governments to do what was actually needed to finish the depression . 
  they defended the exact same things and the result was the exact same . 
  a spiral of self defeating austerity and a continuous feedback loop between unemployment and low demand . 
  that 's not me talking , that 's [ krugman and stiglitz ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xd0uz__ebza&amp;feature=youtu.be ) but i 'm sure they do n't know jack shit about these things . 
  no it does not , all that article talks about is bond yields lowering , not total debt or debt to gdp , and it even says that it was due to the ecb anouncement that it would buy bonds . 
  our total debt and debt to gdp are in fact rising , and rising quite a bit . 
  you do realize we still have a deficit and that our economy is shrinking , this is very simple arithmetics and not up for debate . 
  does n't he know that according to german economics everyone in the world can have a trade surplus . 
   our debts are now manageable and  the economy is now officially shrinking this does not compute . 
  how are the debts manageable if the debt is rising and the economy is shrinking ? 
  you do n't understand , he 's a white immigrant !, 
  they 're still making more debt as the interest in their debt , including the one with the troika , is still quite high . 
  so unless europe gives them much better interest rates ( which i 'd say they deserve given the effort they did to reach primary surplus ) the situation will only continue to get worse . 
  go away , txampion is our resident troll and there 's no job opening for you . 
  well you 're interpreting `` bottom '' way too literally and i do n't feel like arguing semantics . 
  there 's no fallacy at all , i was describing what in effect is happening right now , if you do n't see it you 're out of sync with reality . 
  if the problem is eurozone 's competitiveness with the rest of the world , the solution to that would be devaluing the euro , which would achieve pretty much the same wage reduction effect without all the bankruptcies , unemployment and collapse of social security funds the plan we 're following causes , that 's not what we 're doing is it . 
  anyway , by now , i 'm used to eurozone 's crazy ron paulesque economic theories so i 'm sure there are perfectly good reasons for this . 
  statistically unsurprising . 
  i do n't appreciate when a bunch of `` artists '' speak in the name of all the portuguese . 
  the tone of this letter is ridiculous . 
  the portuguese are certainly not happy with the german stance , as they do n't think the current strategy will work given the current trajectory of our economic indicators , but they are not , in my opinion , nowhere near the vitriol on this letter and are quite aware of their own substantial part in the blame for their situation ( which these artists do n't seem to be ) . 
  furthermore , i think a visit by merkel is actually welcomed as it shows willingness to negotiate which we direly want to do . 
   to reform an economy that is losing competitiveness relative to its larger neighbor germany and southern european countries that have enacted far-reaching measures in the euro crisis . 
  yay feedback loop complete !, 
  we wo n't be able to be more competitive because , when we try to , everyone else does austerity too to recover their loss in competitiveness to us . 
  eurozone 's race to the bottom sure is fun to watch . 
  merkel is the one having elections , in october ; hence , in a blatant display of the weakness of eu institutions , europe will have no definitive solution until then . 
  it might have been a joke , uat2d is known for oftentimes replying with memes . 
  in fact , one could say , his post was a meme in itself . 
  merkel to eu : does n't matter ; have elections !, 
  unless they 're [ surfers ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-18036392 ) . 
  but yeah , that could be one of the reasons we avoided , for the most part , a housing bubble although we do have our share of northerners in our south coast which is sort of transitional between atlantic and mediterranean . 
  austerity is about gaining competitiveness , it 's working !, 
  portugal has a sunny coast too and it did n't have much of a housing bubble , and ireland is n't even sunny . 
  this assignment is kinda dumb because the causes of this crisis were not geographical in nature . 
  if you really want a geographic cause i 'd go more for distance from germany , which being the economic powerhouse of europe is a nice neighbour to have and pulls the economies close to it more than those that are farther . 
  the iberian peninsula also works as sort of an island due to the pyrenees so that might give portugal and spain some sort of competitive disadvantage . 
  however , although ireland is an island too , italy and greece are in no such situation . 
  you can also look at natural resources which the troubled countries are notoriously poor in . 
  another alternative is to take the route of human geography and follow the idiotic narrative northern politicians used when this crisis first started ( that 's now making it so hard to politically solve this crisis as the electorate got convinced this was true ) and blame the culture of mediterranean countries . 
  in my opinion however , this is not how studies should be done . 
  reaching the conclusion that the causes were not geographical in nature , after seeing that the effects of the things suggested by countvontroll and i were minor , should be perfectly acceptable . 
  it has improved immensely , before greeks were lazy , but now they are crazy competitive . 
  throw a bone at them and they will compete for it . 
  seriously this is great . 
  what a bunch of bullshit , in the long run we 're all dead and the reason spanish youth ca n't get a job is not lack of training . 
  man that is scary ... 
  i ca n't speak for the others but my indecisiveness with banning racism comes from more than one time seeing people adjoining anti-religion with racism here . 
  hence i 'd rather we just downvote unless it 's a very clear case of hate speech and incitement to violence which you can use the report button for . 
  lots of the other big ones too . 
  it 's not by chance that we innovated in terms of atm machines , automatic toll payment , cellphones , etc. 
  the ones i was talking about are certainly on a very different scale and another kind of innovators . 
  i would say the companies you mentioned are the more traditional kind , they are of course innovating but this - everyone can be an innovator , make your own job , compete globally for work - mentality , that i see in the young people that do n't emigrate nowadays , is pretty surprising to me and i like it . 
  i liked seeing lisbon there as it matches my day to day experience but i feared my opinion was biased . 
  in fact i believe we will have more regions like that next time they do their study . 
  with so much unemployment ( particularly youth ) portuguese are either emigrating or innovating . 
  there are tons of startups in lisbon that were founded after the crisis started , basically young people that would not have a job trying their own luck and innovating . 
  this is our culture of '' [ desenrascan\u00e7o ] ( http://www.cracked.com/article_17251_the-10-coolest-foreign-words-english-language-needs_p2.html ) '' at work . 
  these startups are a prime example of that , they work with very reduced funding as it 's very hard to get investors , just hard work and great ideas , and as with any good `` desenrascan\u00e7o '' you only start doing it 5 minutes to midnight . 
  gives me a glimmer of hope that we may yet surprise people if we are n't totally drowned in austerity before midnight comes . 
  i think we have already agreed that austerity is currently not only destroying greece but also putting them in a position where it will be much harder ( worse gdp to debt ratio ) to actually be able to pay their debts , so defaulting and leaving now rather later when more is destroyed is the best choice they have . 
  the alternative ( our strategy ) they have is , even after seeing they are getting fucked in the ass to push forward and keep doing what is asked in the hopes that a bone will be thrown their way in the end . 
  there are no guarantees that will happen . 
  europe would n't even need to forgive anything , they would just need to seriously lower the interest rate on the loans it does to them since their budget is already pretty much balanced if you exclude interest payments . 
  this way everyone gets paid . 
  and all you need is to force greece to agree to keep the budget as balanced as it is now , no more austerity is necessary . 
  frankly i think what is being done is pure sadism at this point . 
  it 's pretty common , some areas always had periodic floods with or without dams and the dams actually help prevent many of them . 
  usually there are no compensations , specially in situations like this one where the neighbouring country is also flooding , as there would be a flood anyway if there were no dams . 
  if the dams are big they can delay it but they are n't always big enough to contain it . 
  i have some experience with this topic because most of the rivers going through my country have their spring in spain , including the [ tagus river ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tagus ) which is particularly big and loves to cause floods . 
  dams have a maximum capacity . 
  if they did not release it , it would have been released anyway in a much more catastrophic way . 
  usually the neighbouring countries are warned . 
  i know spain always talks with us about these things ( although nowadays we have so many dams we can usually contain it when they need to release ) . 
   yet even them imf said that they miscalculated its effects . 
  exactly , greece consistently had a much much bigger multiplier with austerity than expected , hence the miscalculation and why the new estimate is so high . 
  this is , again , the reason why this specific strategy is not only bad , it is particularly bad for greece . 
  greece needs to either default and exit the euro immediately or actually get helped by the eurozone instead of `` helped '' in the form of `` bailouts '' . 
  the longer they stay in this course the worse any outcome will be for them . 
   dude , believe me , multipliers are n't something you can pull out of your arse . 
  i did n't pull the multiplier out of my arse , i based it on the interval between 0.9 and 1.7 given by [ the imf not long ago ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/ezra-klein/wp/2012/10/12/imf-austerity-is-much-worse-for-the-economy-than-we-thought/ ) . 
  as for the taxes , they will not be lowered at all with or without these measures . 
  if anything , with these measures , they will probably have to rise to compensate the loss in revenues from the total freeze in economic activity that comes when all your population expects things to get worse and worse . 
  to me this is simple math , a multiplier bigger than 1 shows austerity is self defeating , while a multiplier smaller than 1 would show it works , but maybe i 'm misunderstanding something as this is not my field . 
  given the interval being between 0.9 and 1.7 i 'd say it is very likely to be bigger than 1 , particularly for greece where it consistently has been . 
  so it really seems sheer madness what we are doing . 
  * a lot, 
  that takes a lot more time to have an effect , wages do not move instantly . 
  this effect on the other hand will happen right away .
