  the eurozone is retarded . 
  it 's the only conclusion one can reach after things have come this far and we are still staying the course . 
  one can already see how the us and uk which have functioning central banks are recovering nicely , while people in the lebensraum have to face deflation . 
  pretty much , this is fucking germany negotiating with terrorists to defend their business interests . 
  my guess is that merkel is going to leave a very big stain in germany 's history , due to the way germany under her rule treated the troubled countries during the depression , and now , the way germany is dealing with ukraine . 
  germany ( under merkel ) cares only about its business interests and is a friend to no one . 
  people , that have lived trough this , will remember it to the day they die . 
  eheheheh finally someone notices it . 
  she could very well be . 
  the moors stayed for a horrible long time in spain . 
  i can easily see a girl from granada looking like that . 
  it 's particularly odd because portugal was one of the countries defending sanctions against syria which can be seen as against russian interests . 
  we also have lots of ukrainians living here and my sense is that everybody likes them so we should stand with them . 
  i really do n't know what 's going on , i ca n't find any news explaining our position , and i do n't get it . 
  we can be facing a real default . 
  we are still examining all the connections between the bank 's - bes ( banco espirito santo ) - biggest shareholder esfg ( espirito santo financial group ) , and esfgs biggest shareholder esi ( espirito santo international ) . 
  supposedly only esi is insolvent right now , and the bank of portugal says bes is fine , isolated , and has good capital ratios , however there was a lot of malpractice and lending between the 3 . 
  either way this is going to be a shitstorm at the worst possible time when we were finally getting on our feet . 
   but is planned to enter into force in november . 
  nope , ca n't wait !, 
  one of our biggest banks is going the way of the dodo as we speak and taking others ( like the spanish liberbank ) down with it . 
   to be fair , this has been the case in many countries maybe in some backwater retarded countries , but sweden is seen as a pinnacle of civilization by some . 
  which seems pretty reasonable to me . 
  are you olli rehn 's intern ? 
  and when they think they are getting competitive they wo n't be because we will be an even bigger shithole by then . 
  portuguese will be happily working for a sardine a day by the time fins get their act together . 
  take that nords !, 
  i 'm all for abolishing patents , i was just arguing against this particular argument for privatization . 
  so ... theft ? 
   the wider theory is that these privatisations would grow the market in general this would n't work even without the stupid patents as 2 or 3 rich guys do n't make a market . 
  most privatizations nowadays are mostly stupid because we 're privatizing stuff where the free market does n't work . 
  either because they 're natural monopolies or because there 's too much asymmetry of information . 
  this discussion does n't matter anyway , since people are retarded the politicians can do whatever they want . 
  former german chancellor schr\u00f6der also said that putin is so gentle he does n't even need to use lube , so ukraine has nothing to worry about . 
  nah we 're pretty fucked . 
  europe just likes to pretend the problems are solved before we get elections . 
  we do n't really care as long as norway keeps sending codfish . 
  `` scientists '' are calling it the berserker gene . 
  according to eurozone logic , deflation will actually be good for your debt , as it 's more attractive to buy debt when there 's deflation . 
  lawmakers do n't understand that it 's not even possible . 
  seriously , we need to have people that understand what the fuck they are talking about . 
  people with law degrees do n't understand shit of the world they 're living in . 
  what 's the point of putting it next to a map of trade balance with russia then ? 
  i guess you can sort of induce how much energy dependent you 're with russia but with a pretty big margin of error . 
  we would be much better off with a single map showing energy dependence on russian sources . 
  the energy dependence one seems random generated . 
  portugal uses no russian energy source at all , this is ridiculous and wrong . 
  how do you make a spelling mistake on a quote that does n't have it ? 
  i think it 's fucking hilarious . 
  no its not , what 's stopping them from taking a chunk of any other country then ? 
   mirvs are limited by treaty lol, 
  not really the same level because the ruble also devalued . 
  delaying needed measures until after the elections can only mean one thing - the politicians are planning to lie to the electorate . 
  european style `` democracy '' at its best . 
  best destination ... 2014 . 
  they get to pick another next year , let porto enjoy its moment in the spotlight . 
  i wonder what years of unemployment is doing for the competitiveness of the greek workers . 
  can confirm . 
  the thing that most impressed me about visiting germany was that i noticed no price difference in food and other every day items . 
  i 'm like wtf , our wages are ridiculous , we 're bankrupt , and yet these guys have the same prices as us . 
  so the theory is the ecb is doing whatever is best for germany ? 
  business as usual . 
  damn buhriers always messing with our businesses . 
  it 's not unexpected at all , europeans have been making idiotically optimistic predictions to delay doing what is needed ever since this crisis started . 
  this was exactly what one would expect when you 're in deflation and people 's wages are falling . 
  you 're a retarded for 3 reasons . 
  first , they 're not saying you have to use free software , they 're saying you have to consider it first . 
  second because this is about a lot more than desktop software , there are a lot of server applications and services where no end user is affected . 
  thirdly and finally , because this is not just about price or quality but also about the state knowing what the computers which hold private citizen data are actually doing . 
  as an example of an easy replacement that could save quite a lot , for most applications , it makes no sense at all to be paying oracle thousands when you could just use postgresql for free . 
  well they have their own currency and they were able to print their way out of the debt crisis . 
  the reason for the protests was that their freedoms and civil rights were being seriously curtailed . 
  if you do n't think your regime turning authoritarian is not enough reason to protest , and even revolt , you 're an idiot . 
  what a bunch of bullshit . 
  painful to read . 
  eh i did n't notice it ... 
  i need coffee . 
  everyone who has any assets , particularly if they 're using them as collateral . 
  do you own a house ? 
  everyone who sells anything not perishable , non essential , as it will stop having customers as they wait for the prices to lower . 
  do you sell things like that ? 
  i would also add the unemployed , as spending is curtailed their chance of getting a job also diminishes . 
  got a job bro ? 
  i guess where we disagree is that for me europe has almost none of the checks apart from capital mobility , and even that has been compromised ( for instance in cyprus ) . 
   labor mobility across the region . 
  not checked , europe has many barriers to real labor mobility , namely language barriers . 
   a risk sharing system such as an automatic fiscal transfer mechanism to redistribute money to areas/sectors which have been adversely affected by the first two characteristics . 
  not checked . 
  the cohesion funds are not nearly enough to offset the imbalances . 
  they also do n't work to solve problems like the current crisis . 
   participant countries have similar business cycles . 
  not checked . 
  they do n't . 
  for instance , central europe tanked during the dotcom bust , the periphery did n't , ecb started an easy money policy to help ( mainly germany ) contributing in no small part to the housing bubble in spain and other credit bubbles in the periphery . 
  during this crisis it was the reverse , the periphery tanked , the ecb did n't act fast enough to help because central europe was doing fine . 
  [ edit ] typo, 
  agreed , they need to regain the competitiveness they have lost to the periphery . 
  a few more : [ nuno \u00c1lvares pereira ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuno_%c3%81lvares_pereira ) [ infante d. henrique ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/henry_the_navigator ) [ dom jo\u00e3o segundo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_ii_of_portugal ) [ vasco da gama ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vasco_da_gama ) [ soldado milh\u00f5es ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/an%c3%adbal_milhais ) [ aristides sousa mendes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aristides_de_sousa_mendes ) i could go on ... 
  privatize the police ? 
  yeah that 's going to go well .
