  i know i did n't want to get lost in the details by saying how/why these meanings are disputed . 
  nowadays these are the meanings assigned to them regardless of where they came from . 
  portugal green - hope red - the courage and blood of portuguese that died in combat yellow - the yellow is actually an [ armillary sphere ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armillary_sphere ) , representing our discoveries and interactions with other peoples and cultures . 
  inside the yellow there 's a shield , which basically tells part of the story of how portugal was born ( defeating 5 moor kings , conquering of 7 fortified cities , etc ) . 
  pleas and words do n't matter anymore . 
  as it is , the euro is fundamentally broken and draining countries of all the wealth they 've ever had . 
  right now , it 's either fiscal union ( or whatever you want to call it - banking union , etc ) or it 's default and going back to our old currencies . 
  sadly , as was proven by the germans backtracking on the deal for a banking union that they had previously agreed with the spanish , no kind of real union is acceptable for the germans . 
  so yeah , portugal and spain should be getting ready to leave , maybe even unilaterally converting all debts foreign and domestic to our new coins , creditors can choose to take that or a nice go fuck yourself . 
  is it going to be horrible and hard for us ? 
  yes , but at least we wo n't be sending any more of our money to french and german bankers , and there 's really no point in being in a union with countries whose populations consider us inferior , call us pigs , and have no empathy whatsoever with our problems . 
  it 's going to be hard anyway but at least this way we would be sovereign again instead of strip mined and slaves . 
   this does n't sound like she has any emotional attachment to the current guy . 
  sounds like german . 
   3 ) the `` solution '' turns out not to solve anything and in some cases actually makes things worse . 
  maybe because the solution is n't ever actually implemented . 
  european politicians seem to think they can solve this crisis by lying to the market . 
  why do you think placebo effect does n't work for you ? 
  your body could easily have produced the opiates and reactions needed to give you the relief and , in fact , it did as a needle that does n't even go very deep has very little real effect . 
  i 'm sure it works for muscle cramps and other pains as placebo is pretty good for that . 
  but not acupuncture , seriously , that works !, 
  i do n't think the commission can be blamed given how little power they have , but i 'm all for rolling the aforementioned head first for unrelated reasons . 
  give it back castile !, 
  it seems to be if you 're [ japanese ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/japan/comments/zv927/why_do_so_many_people_here_lie_about_wanting_to/c680i7u ) and , apparently , it is true for some european cultures too when the context , being in a european summit or not , changes . 
  seriously , did they really think they would keep their word ? 
  no one in europe has respected any deals made since this crisis begun . 
  they go on a summit they make decisions , they go back home and say they 're doing something else . 
  there have been [ mechanical ways of harvesting grapes ] ( http://kansasgrapesandwines.com/vineyards/resources ) for ages . 
  this seems like silly french science , like when they tried to do their own internet . 
  do n't forget to thank [ your bankers ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-19545849 ) too, 
  the protesters did n't seem to be acting like violent thugs to me until the police decided to charge them . 
  have you listened to the reporter ? 
  the protesters were pushed back and had nowhere to go , probably because the police had enclosed them there . 
  this seemed to me like horrible police work , and exactly the way you do not deal with a peaceful protest . 
  i seem to have misunderstood you . 
  excuse me i need to go hide for a while . 
  torture ??? 
  seriously ? 
  i was in spain just last month , i find this very hard to believe . 
  i 'm all for curbing the excesses of completely unregulated free market and having a social net . 
  i do n't see how you can blame free markets for this though . 
  why would in a really free job market the youth unemployment , specially when that youth is so qualified , be so much higher ? 
  you should really think about if you do n't deserve to lick my balls . 
  i agree , if the greeks paid it would encourage more whistle blowing on people evading taxes . 
  well given the question it is n't that surprising , any leader germany could have would be the one showing the best leadership in this crisis as it 's the only one with actual power to lead . 
  i would n't say it 's spain 's favorite leader as that was n't the question asked . 
  no we do n't do that kind of stuff , we are just rich people who like to marry other rich people , which is n't all that strange . 
  [ btw fanboy_killer ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pda4lcw8k1g ) . 
   while i 'm sorry for that , i could imagine cutting the pensions of your representatives would maybe be enough to cover that ? 
  it would certainly help my sanity . 
  they have been cut somehow , not enough in my opinion . 
  i would definitely go with inflation ( which would also constitute a transfer of course since we are in a monetary union ) , internal devaluation creates a spiral of continuous bankruptcies by people that can no longer pay the debt they incurred before being `` devalued '' that lead to more bankruptcies , more unemployment that leads to more bankruptcies that leads to banks being in trouble that leads to governments stepping in , that leads ... 
  i really do n't see how anyone can expect it to end well , it seems like the objective is just to buy enough time for the banks that fucked up to get rid of the toxic assets into the balance sheets of countries and the ecb . 
  maybe that 's the plan , transfer it all to the ecb balance sheet and then forgive it , which again would be a `` transfer '' with the added bonus that you have caused years of horrible pain to many countries in the process . 
  this added bonus is actually seen as a great thing by some europeans as they believe regular people in the affected countries deserve to be punished , i guess i just do n't like it because i actually have to see these punished people in the streets , many of them literally crazy because they can no longer afford their schizophrenia meds . 
  i can actually agree with most of what that guy said . 
  what i do n't agree with is the way europe has been dealing with this crisis . 
  portugal has been doing the only thing it can do given the situation , which is a horribly fast adjustment with the subsequent collateral damage . 
  maybe you could also `` imagine '' that people working in banks with mbas and economic wisdom comparable to yours would also be able to see that and not lend to greece based on a debt to artificial gdp ratio . 
  anyway , i was n't arguing about the causes of this crisis . 
  like i 've said many times before i 'm a pragmatist and i 'm interested in solving it , in a solution to it - this ai n't it . 
  that 's kind of the plan right ? 
  internal devaluation . 
  it 's great really , once you hit the bottom the only way to go is up ( after you default on everything since you 're going to the bottom anyway you might as well do it right ) . 
  you 'll be so competitive in a few years greeks , i would envy you guys for the great success if we were n't doing so well ourselves . 
  muslims divided over wether outlawing a video and , in the process , freedom of expression is a good thing . 
  how surprising ... 
  heh canadians and americans have n't learned to avoid gypsies yet . 
   in the last two weeks ahahah this has been a feature of this subreddit since the very beginning . 
  merkel can say whatever she wants , there 's big money to be made in publicity contracts and coming out does n't help with that . 
  yeah whatever , go fuck yourself . 
  this has nothing to do with racisml . 
  there may be political reasons but the reason for the attacks was clearly islam . 
  as in , you depicted my prophet in your movie and in a way i no likes . 
  so please , no lub , add sand , and fuck yourself , you self-rightheous idiot . 
  no , abortion should only be legal at 18 years , give the little brat a chance . 
  if at 18 he is still a moron he had his chance and it 's ok to abort . 
  cells have different types , in my opinion no number of undifferentiated cells make a person . 
  even several millions of millions of them would not in any sense whatsoever be a person . 
  you could perhaps make a criteria based on the number of neuron cells , for instance more than 5 or 6 common houseflies which i 'm sure you have no qualms killing yourself . 
  the genes have a huge influence on behavior , however , humans are ridiculously similar genetically among themselves . 
  there are more similarities genetically between you and a australian aborigine on the other side of the world , than between 2 chimps living in the same small group in the middle of the jungle . 
  this is why many hypothesize that at a point the human race was [ almost extinct and reduced to a very small group ] ( http://www.slate.com/articles/health_and_science/chromosomes/features/2012/blogging_the_human_genome_/blogging_the_human_genome_why_do_we_have_two_fewer_chromosomes_than_our_closest_primate_relatives_.html ) maybe even only 40 adults . 
  so , in practical terms , and for the majority of the cases i 'd say you 're quite right , in the sense that the observed differences in behavior are due to the factors you enumerated . 
  because that 's like your opinion dude . 
  btw . 
  do you think morning after pills are abortions ? 
  do you consider a 1 week old undifferentiated clump of cells a person ? 
  if you answered ` no ' to any of these questions your only disagreement with abortion is on the timeframe . 
  except many people wanting to do it are quite poor so even travelling to a neighbouring country can be too expensive , particularly because you would probably have to do it in a expensive private clinic . 
  so by banning it , the real result is that it becomes illegal for the poor and legal for the rich . 
  wow this is disgusting , what a fucking psychopath . 
  otoh the engineer in me finds it retarded that we do n't yet have systems in the subway that detect that someone fell in the tracks and automatically warns/stops incoming trains . 
  in this instance , it could be as simple as doing a little image processing of the security footage , you would n't even need to install any other system . 
  holy shit i see all of those signs in the us . 
  i found this [ link ] ( http://rense.com/general37/fascism.htm ) that explains each characteristic more extensively . 
  except the black guy did n't steal your bag because he was black , whereas being muslim was a huge factor , easily the biggest factor , in the origin of these attacks . 
   would n't say white supremacist , i do think some asians are at our level . 
  with that said reality seems to have a white bias throughout all history , but that must be 100 % environmental though !, 
  i realize you are being sarcastic , but it could very well be true , i like the explanation given by jared diamond in '' [ guns , germs and steel ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guns,_germs,_and_steel#criticism ) '' , although it does have to be tempered with the criticism it got from other historians , it seems like a good broad explanation to me .
