  when a person controls the media , the justice system , jails opposition , keeps creating external threats , etc. 
  how in the hell is democracy going to work to remove it ? 
  i 'm not left-wing at all you moron , that 's one of the reasons i hate him so much , it was thanks to him we ended up with socrates as a pm , so , ultimately , it was thanks to him that we 're bankrupt . 
  barroso is universally hated in portugal , i do n't know anyone , anywhere in the political spectrum , who does n't hate him . 
  started as a maoist ended up on the right , finally got to be pm , and then abandoned our country when it most needed a responsible government . 
  this dude would sell his mother if he could get something out of it . 
  really ? 
  one of the biggest efforts ?? 
  ahahahahah the only thing i see is dijsselbloem saying the sanctions can be zero if our governments show them an aggressive enough plan . 
  which really makes it seem like this is simply blackmail . 
  if what you say is true then dijsselbloem should be making speeches that all the other must get sanctions too . 
  so why are n't all these `` rules must be obeyed '' folk in an outrage that they are n't being applied to all the other countries ? 
  if you want to stand up for us you can start by not calling us piigs . 
  that already happens because france and germany do n't respect the rules ... 
  that 's kind of a chicken and the egg conundrum . 
  where are we going to get money to grow a fucking industry ? 
  that 's an amazingly well structured argument , i can now clearly see your point , there 's nothing i could do that would stop me from agreeing with you . 
  the problem is that germany is also violating the agreements , france , also , violating the agreements . 
  so this is kind of ridiculous . 
  your brother is retarded , all the latest surveys showed brexit to be neck and neck with bremain . 
   the problem is ( and something many people do n't know ) is that much of the government is still sort of controlled by people ( and descendants of ) who were part of portugal 's dictatorship . 
  they 're well-educated , corrupt , and affluent . 
  when you combine that with an uneducated set of voters things start to get really bad . 
  not really , while there are many descendants of people that supported the regime that are pretty well off , our problems were caused mainly by the corruption in the socialist party which does n't have any of them . 
  what do you mean ? 
  greece is allowed to leave just like any other country . 
  that 's much better than the video you posted , now i can perfectly understand - better engine , more fuel so better range , more pylons to put stuff in , and a better radar . 
  a pretty good improvement on the previous version i would say . 
  i would n't worry much about this . 
  i think it just shows how ignorant people are about modern romania . 
  as with anything else related to russia , there 's always someone using whataboutism . 
  actually we 're not in danger of reaching the 3 % limit , even the european commission predictions , which are much more realistic than our own , predict we will have 2.7 % . 
  the thing is we also have different rules that we agreed on for countries with excess debt which means that we should be lowering our structural deficit by 0.6 % this is where we are not going to make it . 
  frankly , i think the rules should not be fixed values they should be determined on a case by case basis . 
  the eu needs a proper executive because otherwise we 're forced to have these dumb blind rules because no one trusts the other 's governments . 
  ca n't upvote this enough . 
  you ca n't really beat a good espresso in terms of getting the most out of a great coffee . 
  nooo i was going to open an online scamming startup , where am i going to get qualified labour now ? 
  it does look good but the colour saturation is ridiculous . 
  compare with normal day view : http://i.imgur.com/7utjfhk.jpg, 
  it 's better for your health to swim in waters like portugal/uk have and i actually like my beach water to be cold so it refreshes me , but to each his own i guess . 
  fucking idiot driver , i 'm sorry this happened to you . 
  sadly lots of people driving tuktuks are junkies and other kinds of society rejects . 
  usually tuktuks are indeed 50-60 $ an hour , however the driver ** agreed ** on 60 $ for the whole tour , so he took the risk that / u/leonbed would take his time when looking at the sights and monuments . 
  so it was a very shitty thing for the driver to do what he did , you do not change what you have already agreed . 
  so what do you suggest we do ? 
  look between the sofa pillows for coins ? 
  i think this is really inappropriate , a parliament is the house of democracy , you should not silence whoever has the right to speak . 
  i find it deeply undemocratic no matter how right they are . 
  i would say it 's one of the main reasons of the european crisis . 
  germany gets huge trade surplus -  germany gets excess savings -  germany lends irresponsibly -  other countries go bankrupt -  germany bails out their irresponsible lenders . 
  meanwhile the average german is not much better off because most of this money never makes it into their real economy . 
  it 's really stupid if you ask me . 
  they almost easter islanded themselves . 
  no use arguing , commies hate nato , they blame nato for not being able to have a successful revolution in europe and become as happy as north koreans . 
  we have no idea what they intend , they do have a recent history of attacking their neighbours ( georgia , moldavia , ukraine ) , what we do know for sure is that they 're not peaceful . 
  i find this almost always happens because portuguese tend to not prepare meetings adequately , they think they can just wing it and do n't feel bad about making everyone lose time if desenrascan\u00e7o does n't work , it 's something that has been improving quite a lot recently in my experience as the new under 35 generation has little patience for this bullshit . 
  indeed . 
  we have some good presunto but spanish jamon is just on another level . 
  these are not evil geniuses , it 's just some schmuck doing typography . 
  probably so they would n't have a problem with contrast with the black letters they placed above . 
  lets make one thing clear , the `` no '' in this referendum was what any democrat should have been defending , why are we tying europe with the bullshit of the `` yes '' vote ? 
  because less democracy would be a good thing in europe ? 
  it seems to me that 's the way the european elites are trying to push people , that wo n't work you fucking morons , the people will not fall for that , they will push back and they will hate europe for it . 
  [ what about us ?!, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xai3vtsdtxu&amp;t=4m11s ), 
  the problem is that it is quite impossible for those countries to get their shit together when germany showered them with money from excess savings they got from excessive and against the rules trade surplus . 
  now , that you have created this huge problem , you decide that you will not fix it , we must fix it ourselves , and no , you wo n't lower your trade surplus and , doing so , help us and even make the average german better off . 
  this is all abundantly evident by now , yet , germany keeps blaming the southern countries for a problem that is largely germany 's fault . 
  ridiculous , you guys are absolutely ridiculous ... 
   push for britain to remain in the european single market otherwise it would be forced to sell less prosecco . 
  it 's fewer prosecco not less . 
  where 's lisbon ? 
  talk about trying to put a square peg in a round hole . 
  nope , quite the contrary , this is way too warm and will kill all the algae and turn this sea into a desert in terms of life , photosynthesis does n't work very well at all when you reach temperatures so high . 
  it 's not equivalent at all because the creditor is not a `` listener '' , he 's very much an active part of the conversation and is profiting from it , in fact , the creditor sometimes helps the debtor lie so his debts look better . 
  it 's not tax evasion , it 's just paying quite a lot less tax because you 're based in a different country with lower tax rates , which is pretty much the same as subsidizing so i do n't know why the former is allowed and the latter is n't . 
  this completely fucks up the single market . 
   inside the single market everyone plays by the same rules by definition . 
  except of course they do n't , hence why most portuguese companies are now `` dutch '', 
  true , what they defended was that we should threaten people with our own bankruptcy , and leaving the eu and the euro . 
  one of the most idiotic plans i 've ever seen . 
  sure , but they dropped the subject entirely . 
  anyway , it 's typical of populists . 
  they probably want to stop being against the eu now since the eu is actually helping quite a lot recently . 
   so , their electorate has some questions regarding be and pcp spending the last half a dozen years demanding something and then lol you 're seriously overestimating their electorate 's iq . 
   i do n't think portugal has low corporation taxes we do n't , i wish we did . 
  yeah their economists know it 's stupid to do pro-cyclical policies . 
  i do n't really see why you were downvoted in your answer to me , i thought most people knew this and it was relevant for the few that did n't . 
  hopefully the citation will change the tide . 
  / r/europe is retarded with the downvotes sometimes . 
  the purpose of the agreement is not to solve the problem , it is to kick the can until german elections . 
  basically so german politicians can keep lying to the german public until the elections and after them do something completely different than what they said . 
  i thought everyone knew this . 
   lol at the us making a fuss , you 'd think southern europe would be in uproar as the principal victims of germany 's currency manipulation !, 
  you think it is n't ? 
  it most definitely is . 
  if it 's not more it 's because we also have a big chunk of the blame for the current situation , it 's not like we were forced into a poorly conceived currency area . 
  dude , i searched for a news source about a sunburnt swedish team in portugal for like 10 minutes of my life . 
  how are you going to give them back ?
