  it 's also the alphabetical ordering which actually makes sense . 
   good for us , i guess . 
  it is . 
  it makes you guys develop high end technology that invariably finds applications in more commercial fields . 
  here 's an example of a [ portuguese company ] ( http://asd.criticalsoftware.com/space/ ) owing much of its success to stuff like this . 
  i 'm not entirely convinced it 's that senseless . 
  given that we do share a currency , and they run a huge trade surplus . 
  can you elaborate further please ? 
  dude , it does n't matter if the deposits below 100k would not be stolen . 
  go ahead and take 20 % from the deposits over 100k . 
  the next day cyprus is finished . 
  finished . 
  because the day after that the other 80 % leave the country and then cyprus will need a much bigger bailout . 
  cyprus tried to strike some balance where those deposits would stay even after being stolen from . 
  of course that 's also a complete illusion , no matter what percentage they decide to steal from the deposits , their banking system is effectively dead after it . 
  what europe proposed to cyprus , effectively killed it , and was amazingly , incredibly and utterly idiotic . 
  they can do whatever they want now , on thursday ( or whenever the banks open ) everyone is going to take everything they have there . 
  in fact , the eu left cyprus with only one option . 
  to immediately leave the eu . 
  otherwise they will not be able to implement proper capital controls which is the only thing that can save them right now . 
  this is n't politics it 's [ economics ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/optimum_currency_area ) . 
  '' ** ever ** '' may be a bit hyperbolic but i reserve the right to have my own writing style . 
  lehman brothers was just a small bank . 
  i completely disagree with even the way this question was written as it assumes too much . 
  most people in crisis countries , not just greece and cyprus . 
  thoroughly blame their politicians for the situation . 
  however , not only do they not have 100 % of the fault ( the euro is the worst constructed currency ever among other problems ) for what happened , they certainly have very little fault in what happens to them once they are in the hands of the troika . 
  to put it in plain terms . 
  the troika gives you a plan ( mostly devised by germany from our perspective ) and you follow it . 
  you do not have an alternative , you follow it . 
  when our troika plan started , the portuguese massively voted for it . 
  they believed that if we sacrificed ourselves , if we followed the plan , we would be better . 
  turns out that did n't happen ... 
  turns out the troika does n't know what the fuck they are doing . 
  so now the blame for the plans not working and things getting progressively worse is put on the troika . 
  as i said before , from our perspective , the plans made by the troika were mainly a bunch of german diktats . 
  hence , germany , rightfully or not gets blamed . 
  it would be a possibility . 
  either way it would have to be in the knowledge economy . 
  i still do n't see that as `` a lot of industries '' . 
  of course , that having such an oversized banking sector did n't help here as probably most of the qualified in the it field were working for them . 
  anyway , with such a small workforce and their geographical constraints they really had to pick one industry and specialize , their choice went wrong , i think it could happen to anyone else . 
  i 'm not going around it i 'm just trying to show that there are not a lot of industries cyprus could become competitive in . 
  it 's not just being small . 
  hong kong has 7 million people , singapore has 5 million people , cyprus has 1 million . 
  i would also argue that hong kong and singapore are not exactly islands , not how cyprus is , and their geopolitical surroundings are also quite different . 
  either way the financial sector is huge in both of them too . 
   it should have been in cyprus 's interest to build up a international competitive industry they are a small island . 
  there are not a lot of industries they can be competitive in . 
  plus all the other islands seemed to be doing this too so i can imagine it looked like a good idea at the time . 
  i doubt it . 
  i think the uk will be perfectly fine . 
  edit your flair under the number of europhiles on the right side of this sub . 
   sure , it hurts transforming from a failing economy to a stable economy , except , that is not what is happening with the brilliant reforms europe imposes . 
   northern europe does n't want to bailout southern europe all the time . 
  fine by me . 
  then let 's end this stupid shared currency , this stupid union of countries who only care about themselves and do n't like the others , right now please . 
  we will be fucked for a while , but we are fucked anyway . 
  so please lets do it . 
  at least this way we will be fucked only for a while , which is better than forever . 
  no that 's not just it . 
  haircuts were definitely discussed . 
  germans always come out of summits saying they were misunderstood and that they did n't say exactly what people say they said . 
  they do that in every summit , i still have very fresh in my mind how the spanish got burnt not long ago by this exact phenomena . 
  that 's how it should have been negotiated everywhere since the eurocrisis started . 
  troika your deal sucks and is criminal , we will deal with horrible consequences no matter what , so fuck you . 
  maybe , but i do n't find anything that is hard to believe in this article . 
  germans have continuously imposed idiotic things on these summits . 
  maybe it 's the fault of those that hide behind them that only them are getting the blame . 
  just what / r/europe needs , another troll . 
  you mean `` economic war '' , right ? 
  this is exactly why the eurozone is so ridiculous right now . 
  it really only serves german interests . 
  for this currency union to work , the less well off states should be growing more than the better off . 
  in reality the exact reverse happens , the less well off are being drained . 
  the eurozone right now has 3 options : 1 . 
  germany and its satellites leave the eurozone . 
  federalization and start doing huge fiscal transfers . 
  europe needs to fucking pick one today , not tomorrow , not after the german elections . 
  today . 
  stop ruining people 's lives please . 
  if you think there is a `` 4 . 
  less well off states restructure '' and that it is going to fix this , you are fucking deluded and retarded . 
  they certainly are . 
  however , advocating this kind of mob justice is not exactly smart either . 
  there was a time for guillotines and i do n't believe that 's the 21st century . 
  i 'd sooner emigrate than do that . 
  like most portuguese in fact are doing . 
  i will do one try at entrepreneurship , see if i can do something good , then if it does n't work , or if it does but i think the taxes are too high to justify being based in portugal , i 'm out of here . 
  [ they can try to collect our debts from our dirty politicians and old people ] ( http://i.imgur.com/su7entc.jpg?1 ) because trust me , if i know the portuguese people , they will be the only ones left . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  if we wanted this crisis solved . 
  we could have done it in 2010 with greece if we actually helped them properly . 
  instead here we are now . 
  the funny thing is , it would have been so , so , so much cheaper to have done that . 
  yeah we should form a mob and burn the politicians and bankers . 
  kill them with fire . 
  then we get upvotes . 
   adding to signs that the currency bloc is beginning to emerge from a recession . 
  not !,
