  sure , but it was not replaced with one that would place bestiality under animal abuse laws , hence it is specifically allowed . 
  did you not read the article ? 
   germany legalised bestiality ( zoophilia ) in 1969 , except when the animal suffered `` significant harm '' . 
  if you want another source look for germany here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zoophilia_and_the_law#national_laws, 
  italy was in a relatively similar situation , so those are not the only factors . 
  borrowing in their own coin and having a clawed central bank also helps . 
    fucking an animal is animal abuse . 
   if that is the accepted view on bestiality then there is no requirement for a new law because laws against animal abuse already exist . 
  clearly it is needed because there 's a law that specifically allows this . 
   i never said that and i do n't appreciate being grouped with zoophiles simply because i oppose your childish views on such a subject . 
  childish because you imply a human would require consent from the animal , do we require consent before we slaughter an animal or when we wish to use it to carry loads or passengers ? 
  i specified consent because , when it comes to sex , in humans there 's really no way of knowing if one is enjoying it or not without it . 
  since animals are incapable of consent you can not know and you 're probably harming it . 
  they say it 's hard to know what a woman wants but claim to know what an animal does , it 's ludicrous . 
  just because we harm animals unnecessarily in other ways that is no reason not to support this , it 's a reason to defend animal rights in other situations as well . 
  if it 's really a moralistic imposition it is because i am against unnecessary suffering in animals , not because bestiality disgusts me . 
  i know what he is referring to . 
  your specific example is also no longer allowed under current eu regulations . 
   it was already forbidden under the current animal abuse laws is what they ' r saying . 
  actually no , it is not already forbidden . 
  please reread the article . 
  so you , like mr. kiok , think an animal can express consent ? 
  fucking an animal is animal abuse . 
  killing and eating an animal does not necessarily include unnecessary suffering or torture as far as i know . 
  in fact that 's one of the reasons why we have ( and are making more ) laws regulating how animals can be bred and killed . 
  so i do n't really think either of your situations is very well accepted in modern society . 
  makes you think why are n't they fighting for human-animal marriage rights . 
  funnily enough it is also legal in denmark and sweden . 
  i think the controversial point is bestiality not being considered animal abuse except when the animal suffers `` significant harm '' . 
  portugal needs a troll face . 
  so there should n't be any laws against animal abuse ? 
  well bestiality is pretty controversial in most places . 
  who the hell said it was n't ? 
  it all boils down to middle ages ( christian ) stupidity . 
  christians were n't allowed to charge interest so jews became the bankers , no one likes bankers , when the church relaxed their rules people wanted the jew 's banks for themselves ( envy ) . 
  for the same reason , jews were also pretty commonly used as tax collectors , no one like tax collectors . 
  add a few hocus pocus about killing jesus and christian blood rituals and it becomes quite easy to see how this happened . 
  i 'm all for taking our share of the blame , but you do n't seem to be seeing the same reality i am and the same progression of events where europe is consistently going deeper into economic crisis . 
  there is no improvement anywhere , quite the contrary , everyone is slowly pulling each other down as demand progressively dries out . 
  by the time we finish our reforms there may not be anyone left to support us . 
  hopefully i 'm wrong and expansionary austerity actually works but it certainly does n't seem like it . 
  dude , i do n't have anything against germans ... 
   the unemployed are caused by a negative environment for the economy to grow , not because the currency here is the same it is in france or finland . 
  sure , but the currency is certainly part of that environment . 
  you realize the emu does n't have almost any of the characteristics associated with an [ optimum currency ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/optimum_currency_area#oca_with_stationary_expectations ) therefore it is not only inefficient it has a negative effect . 
   so that politicians ca n't get away with constantly devaluing the currency since it 's unpopular for them to increase taxes or cut spending . 
  yeah and that is a great effect of the euro during good times , but in the bad times when everyone , not just the government , is indebted and you 're in a vicious circle this is exactly what you need . 
  you lose the ability to do that . 
  again you decided to focus on the good things and neglect to ponder on the bad ones . 
  it seems confirmation bias to me . 
   trying to bring down the partial monetary union because there 's still no full monetary and fiscal union , i personally find that counter-productive . 
  it 's only counter-productive if there 's a good chance that europe will move forward any time soon ( and soon is quite important here ) . 
  we must consider that may not be the case and get ready . 
  discussing the pros and cons honestly is a good start . 
  i ca n't help but wonder if this is being downvoted by / r/europe zoophiles or by ashamed germans . 
  err , you can do a lot more than just `` clicking links '' on the internet , you have thousands of tutorials , thousands of explanations , university lectures , documentaries , books , you can collaborate on projects , ask questions on user groups , etc. 
  the possibilities are pretty endless , i do n't really know how you can surf reddit and reduce learning in the internet as `` clicking links '' . 
  it 's very easy to be a self-learner nowadays , and it 's in fact a more needed skill than many of the things they teach you at school . 
  besides , i was not advocating it as a substitute , i was advocating it as a complement for `` gifted '' kids for whom the school is not enough of a challenge . 
  i think the internet is perfectly fine at that . 
  particularly if you know how to use it as i expect from these kids . 
  your argument is like saying that the school is no substitute for your parents teaching you stuff at home ( specially manners ) , of course it is n't . 
  it 's still useful and neither the school , nor your parents , nor the internet need to be the entity were you get ** all ** of your education . 
  i completely agree , nowadays bright and curious kids have access to the internet and can explore whatever they want to learn with ease . 
  it 's more important to reach the left behind ones , the ones who are having learning problems and without proper help at home . 
   this fear and hate for nuclear power is one of the most retarded and disgusting things the `` greens '' have ever done . 
  i would upvote you 1k times for this if i could . 
  you ca n't really stress this point enough . 
  it seemed great until 2008 , i would n't go so far as saying `` so far '' . 
  namely the swaths of unemployed people we have right now might disagree with you . 
   where all debts were paid by devaluing the currency ever further instead of addressing the issues that 's not exactly true as the interest rate was also higher , still , that mechanism was certainly there as it should be . 
  on the other hand , the euro allowed us to go massively into debt in a currency we do not control , allowing for all kinds of excesses and for us to be in an impossible to exit quagmire . 
   it 's also much easier to export to the rest of europe except that thanks to the euro we do n't produce much these days as it 's much cheaper to produce elsewhere . 
  it 's also a lot easier to import , namely goods that we could n't afford and totally ruined our balance of trade . 
  since you 're someone who is against the minimum wage , i do n't see why you do n't support that there should n't be a `` minimum currency '' either . 
  you actually appear to be some kind of gold standard supporter which is what the euro pretty much is these days . 
  you seem to only want to see the good things with the euro , when the bad things are now blatantly obvious and the willingness in europe to deal with monetary union problems , from either politicians or their electorates , is quite non existing . 
  in fact many europeans seem to insist that there is no problem with the emu , the only problem for them are dumb and lazy southerners requiring some protestant education . 
  i would love for us to be in a fiscal union , i 'd love for us to have a functioning central bank like the us , i 'd love europeans to be glad to support one another , i 'd love world peace . 
  sadly none of these things appear to be happening any time soon . 
  while europe does n't reverse these idiotic policies , writing down more debt and more debt will be the only result . 
  i find it funny that europeans are perfectly fine paying for writedowns but refuse to pay ( if you can even call letting the ecb do a central bank 's job `` paying '' ) for an actual solution to the crisis . 
  expect portugal to need the same courtesy if things keep going the way they are . 
  i really do n't see how that 's anything to be ashamed of . 
  we are [ not the only european country ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:eurovision_winners_map.svg ) never to have won anyway . 
  finally an austerity measure i can support !, 
  sadly there 's not much that can be done . 
  while the us and brics keep doing their thing , europe wo n't stand a chance to fix this . 
  the world only hope may be dramatic geoengineering . 
  chewbacca is a wookiee from the planet kashyyyk . 
  but chewbacca lives on the planet endor . 
  now think about it ; that does not make sense !, 
   they would benefit from reading the art of war would n't everyone ? 
  europeans wanting a more western view on this kind of thinking would also benefit from reading clausewitz '' [ on war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/on_war ) '' . 
  this is exactly the time where cohesion funds are supremely important , in countries that are catching up you can do more with less money . 
  the same way that 100 euros in a budget makes a much bigger difference in most countries in africa than in europe . 
  if you can get some of the economies receiving the cohesion funds to kickstart it will help everyone in europe quite a lot as we are in a common market and we all get more buyers for our stuff . 
  so you do n't support portugal and poland 's veto over the lowering of cohesion funds ? 
  cohesion funds are like the only thing contributing to make this union even slightly functional . 
  without cohesion funds i do n't really see what the heck are we doing as a union .
