  this would actually be great for us . 
  pay our debts in weakened euros , automatically get our trade balance fixed with germany , instant competitiveness . 
  they are , because the distance is not only geographical , we do n't read the same books , we do n't think with the same words , we have hugely different cultural backgrounds depending on where the empires and invasions before our modern nation states reached . 
  sometimes we do n't even have the same alphabet for fucks sake . 
  it 's an orders of magnitude bigger difference than any 2 american states . 
   what do you think ? 
  it 's somewhat true . 
  so what ? 
  our constitution can be changed with a 2/3s majority and it exists to guarantee very important rights . 
  it 's also normally possible to do things in such a way as not to go against it , particularly in the case of the austerity measures that were not done due to it . 
  this government is just incompetent and thought it could pressure the constitutional court , what happened then was failblog material for our government . 
  either way , we have implemented additional cost savings in other areas to compensate , because , whatever the measures we agreed with the troika , the most important thing we agreed ( from their pov ) is the deficit limit . 
  in fact , we had to implement a lot more than we agreed with the troika to try and reach it , hence why they now say the harsh austerity is our governments fault as they did n't demand so much . 
  ohh well ... europe will eventually change course or we will go bankrupt and leave the euro , either way this will sort itself out some day , i 'm not prepared to sacrifice due process when it comes to the constitution , whatever the cost . 
   governments constrained by constitutions ( portugal ) , a government constrained by a constitution !?!? 
  silly portuguese and their strange ideas !, 
  i 'm not really sure why you were so downvoted , and i 'm sorry if it was by portuguese . 
  besides raviolli_ninja 's advice , which is very good because our taxi drivers are fucking annoying , do note that portuguese love heated discussions , and sometimes actually change their position on a subject to an extreme just so the discussion gets more heated and `` fun '' . 
  so , do n't take us so seriously , most of the time , we do n't really mean the things we say , we just enjoy silly debates . 
   some people live in trees lolwut ??? 
  from watching it , it seems bulgarians have the same word as the portuguese for shame - vergonha . 
  maybe i misheard it . 
  you think ? 
  people should know that the sardines you get in portugal are quite different from the sardines you may get in say italy and even spain . 
  where they usually get mediterranean sardines which pretty much sucks and it 's the reason why they usually * can * them like you do with mackerel . 
  in portugal , the sardines we love are atlantic sardines which are bigger and have more fat in them , so they do not become dry if you grill them right and taste delicious . 
  anyway , my point is , even if you think you do n't like sardines you may want to try ours . 
  ok , you need to get poked with a stick until you start liking the same things we do . 
  ahahah please tell me more about this . 
   never have i eaten coconut in my life . 
  ever !, 
  do you not like curry ? 
  all our curries have coconut milk in them . 
  i think the portuguese reply to the ottomans when they had diu , a fortress protected by 600 men surrounded by a 23000 army and demanded their surrender offering to let everyone leave in peace if they did , is pretty damn cool . 
  in that reply you can read : - ... have by captain - ant\u00f3nio silveira - whose balls are stronger than the bullets of your cannons , and all the portuguese here have balls and do not fear those who lack them . 
  do note that the ottomans , at the time , were led by sulejman an eunuch . 
  they also did n't manage to conquer the fortress and suffered heavy losses . 
  here is an example of those alliances at work that also shows the portuguese would not be easily conquered even if you have the numbers on your side : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_aljubarrota, 
  oh believe me , it is very true , we fucking love olive oil . 
  you have to check out private milh\u00f5es , it 's by far the best part of our involvement in wwi http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/an%c3%adbal_milhais, 
  that said , sometimes it 's actually polite to offer to give some money just to give the other person the chance to refuse . 
  i think your sister 's situation was one of those times . 
  why is this mistake so common !, 
  tradition ? 
  quite a huge amount . 
  the us is ** the ** super-power right now . 
   and have never engaged in anything that might resemble the expansionary monetary policy you 're arguing for . 
  hence why they had a lost decade , something we 're preparing to do ourselves . 
  however , they have recently reversed course and are printing trillions of yens ( see abenomics ) . 
   weimar 's german hyperinflation happened because they tried to print a 83 % debt to gdp , ours is of 124 % , so what you 're saying is absolute nonsense !, 
  we would be printing euros not escudos and we 're not on the gold standard . 
  this will have to be an european wide thing . 
  i do n't really expect much inflation since most of the euros will be used to pay down debt and we have a huge amount of unused productive capacity . 
  research also seems to indicate that printing alone is not enough to trigger hyperinflation you also need an institutional collapse the level of which is pretty much impossible in europe . 
   yeah , i doubt it . 
  we 'd much more easily pull a greece and privatise pretty much everything . 
  all the public officials will come out in the streets but the rest of the people will hardly care for them considering how much easier life was for them . 
  we do n't have much left to privatize . 
  all that 's left to privatize are things that mostly should n't be private . 
  i will love to see how much better life will be when your water starts being a lot more expensive . 
  even with that , it will not be enough to pay our debt . 
   there 's no escaping it - the debt will have to be paid one way or the other the debt is not payable , so it wo n't be . 
  do the math . 
   hyperinflation there would be no hyperinflation just like there is n't any in the us or japan right now . 
  you do n't necessarily need war to stop having peace . 
  you can easily just degenerate into something like what 's happening in turkey which i find quite a lot more likely . 
  germany only had one party against austerity when they were being forced to do it to pay wwi debts . 
  they supposedly would n't be able to afford it either . 
  with the current policies we will be back on the horse in no time . 
  edit - typical / r/europe downvotes , natural born denialists right here , what i said is more than evident . 
   tl : dr unemployment in greece does n't make the locals think its a great idea to sleep in the streets when they got family and friends who can , grudgingly , shelter them . 
  the social/family ties save the day for now ... 
  the same thing happens here , still , some people are just too proud or lost the family connections they used to have , it 's not just crazy people and junkies . 
  with 27 % unemployment i very much doubt that the only reason you have homeless people is because of drug addiction and mental health problems . 
  even if mental health problems is one of the reasons , i certainly see a lot more crazy people since this crisis started and i 'm pretty sure it 's because they ca n't afford the medication they need . 
  anyway , i 'm sure it 's all fine , keep telling yourself that . 
  yes , they give it . 
  i have never ever had any problems with the 2 year warranty . 
  everyone knows about it , everyone know it 's the law , so people do n't even blink when you appear with a year and a half broken electronic . 
  well apple tried to cheat and do n't give 2 year warranties in europe but everyone knows they 're scumbags . 
  i have an alternative plan . 
  i 'm not quitting the cigarettes . 
  it depends , you may want foreign for your personal stuff , but i would prefer national for my business stuff . 
  secret services in most countries have been known to do industrial espionage in favor of their countries companies . 
  that 's why you teach the right hand rule to your kids . 
  they sucked at jeux sans fronti\u00e8res . 
  sorry malta , it 's true . 
  agreed . 
  i think it 's hard as most people do n't identify/empathize with them , as they are n't gay . 
  so it is certainly something we can equate with civilization - when a tribe gives rights to those who are different , those who are a minority , without taking them from anyone else - it 's always a good thing and something we should all be proud off . 
  well that explains it . 
  i only knew what the article said , and tearsdrinker post seemed like it was proposing that it is ok to hit people in the head if they 're radical leftists . 
  are you seriously trying to justify this attack ? 
  i think people expect there to be a change in the policy being followed soon and are waiting patiently ( well kind of ) for now , as we do n't want to lose the reputation of doing what 's asked of us . 
  i 'd say that if things do n't start getting better by the end of the year , and people stop seeing that light at the end of the tunnel , shit is going to hit the fan hard . 
  the portuguese are calm and mild mannered people right until the last minute , where you cross some invisible line and they go completely berserk . 
  we do n't do shades of grey , we do n't bark . 
  we have an expression here `` 8 or 80 '' , we 're almost always at an 8 but you do n't want to see us at an 80 . 
  i hope we do n't get to that . 
   how were they so wrong ?
