  less should be fewer . 
  ill i 'll most people are n't native english speakers ... 
  furthermore , once those 15k are laid off they will receive unemployment benefits and become welfare recipients , so it will take a a long time for this to have an effect on actually saving money . 
  yeah creative destruction is really not the same . 
  i think there was some confusion here by ajaume . 
  anyway , you all can criticize krugman whatever you guys want . 
  the fact of the matter is that he has been absolutely right , from the beginning , in what the solution to the euro crisis actually would be . 
   what could europe be doing differently ? 
  from early on in the crisis , critics like me urged a three-part response . 
  first , ecb intervention to stabilize borrowing costs . 
  second , aggressive monetary and fiscal expansion in the core , to ease the process of internal adjustment . 
  third , a softening of austerity demands on the periphery -- not zero austerity , but less , so that the human costs would be less . 
  it is taking a very long time , for europe , and idiotic austrian economics crazy people to come to terms with this . 
  thankfully , they are slowly being convinced by the mountain of evidence that this is the correct path and timidly following it . 
  crazy hitites . 
  yes . 
  that 's why i used `` give '' . 
  as in they do n't formally have it . 
  but , by respecting their opinions , publishing them everywhere , as if they were the impartial opinions of `` wise '' men . 
  you effectively `` give '' them power . 
  can we stop calling this group of idiots `` wise '' . 
  every amateur here knows the flaws in the ecb report . 
  yet , these `` wise men '' use it as justification for the crazy policies they defend . 
  just to make it clear , these men are not wise . 
  they are politically appointed pundits . 
  they do not represent the view of the academic community or the german public . 
  they are a complete farce . 
  fuck these bastards . 
  why do you give so much power to this bunch of government nominated losers is beyond me . 
  germany i am disappoint . 
  unemployment is now slightly above national average for madeira , and slightly below the national average for a\u00e7ores . 
  which is to say not very good , given that we now have a national average of 17.5 % unemployment which is expected to reach at least 18.2 % this year . 
  that said there are still some jobs depending on the field you work in . 
  obviously the wages suck but no one lives here to get rich . 
  you can always wait until the crisis ends and things get better . 
  the 7 year extension we ( and ireland ) got on the maturities from the troika loans . 
  maybe the first good news we had in a few years , and in my opinion the first show of good will and recognition of our reform effort from europe . 
  everyone is now also waiting to know what the new measures for additional cuts that need to be made are . 
  since we need to cover the hole from the measures our constitutional court declared unconstitutional . 
  so basically we all know we have a lot more austerity coming our way so feelsbad.jpg . 
   and printing money to pay for the deficits is no solution . 
  i disagree . 
  i think a huge reason why austerity is failing is because you have the private sector deleveraging at the same time as the public sector . 
  printing money until the private sector has done most of it 's deleveraging would actually be great . 
  even if you do n't actually print money , that option should also be on the table , as that would automatically lower interest rates as there would be no risk of defaulting when you can actually print . 
  low interest rates due to this can be seen in the us . 
  some inflation would also do wonders for our debt . 
  nope . 
  i see no need to use more words than necessary . 
  austerity is no betadine , you 're just cutting your leg via paper cuts . 
  being evil seems to extend one 's lifespan . 
  seriously how is this motherfucker still alive . 
  that said . 
  i do think the default option should be on the table . 
  it might be horrible , but if there is no prospect of us ever growing by doing what we are doing right now , it may be the lesser evil . 
  many ? 
  more like all the civilized ones . 
  i do n't think there was ever in history a civilized people who were not ethnically and racially a mix to some degree . 
  since money is debt , that means our debts will have to increase to cover this difference , amirite ? 
  same with the portuguese ones . 
  they ** are ** portugal so any eu citizen is free to set up shop there . 
  true . 
  but they did have a huge property bubble . 
  my point was mostly that there 's willingness to reform even in the good times . 
  its a myth that this harshness is necessary or else reforms wont be done . 
  portugal actually thought the right time was in 2002 when we elected dur\u00e3o barroso as our prime minister because he said he would restructure the country and end our deficit . 
  that motherfucker was there for 2 years and left for the european commission job . 
  after that came the socialist socrates that thoroughly fucked us . 
  so , really , i do not see that we run into any danger of never reforming . 
  we already wanted to do it in the good times , sadly , thanks to idiot barroso , we did n't . 
  the right time is when our main trading partners are following expansionary economic policies as this would compensate the downturn caused by the austerity policies . 
  i 'm not saying portugal does n't need to restructure . 
  i 'm saying it 's not the time to do it . 
  when we are n't over producing in ridiculous quantities the price is usually more than zero . 
  hahaha we have no money to invest bro . 
  not that it would be a bad idea as it 's more windy at night , so it 's not a bad counterbalance . 
  i 'm not saying they do n't contribute . 
  i 'm saying all those things are expensive and oil is not going to end in the next 10 years . 
  it 's actually stupid to do pro-cyclical measures . 
  europe , our rules , our currency , effectively forces it . 
  it 's not smart . 
  it 's not that it does n't work . 
  it destroys your economy in the process . 
  the good go with the bad . 
  it will take decades to recover from this destruction . 
  we are selling it , usually you make some profit . 
  it 's just the market working . 
  ok , just do n't complain that our electricity is expensive . 
  these things have a lifetime . 
  they will have to be replaced many decades before your not-so-far-future comes . 
  portugal , right now , has an expected 18 % share of total electricity consumption provided by wind power on normal years/days . 
  when the recommended is no more than 15 % ( which would put it at 90 % on very windy days ) . 
  this means that wind alone is now capable of supplying way more than 100 % of the power we need on a very windy day . 
  its stupid . 
  its too much . 
  if we were a rich country maybe i could accept the waste . 
  we 're not , and this was a waste . 
  this guy is a lunatic . 
  the evidence that austerity policies do not work during a great depression is all around us . 
  i think you can check it here but i 'm not sure this is the exact same as the actual mibel prices .
