   are you seriously suggesting that you fear an ultra-conservative government being elected and choosing to gas porn users ? 
  yes , yes i do . 
  maybe they would not be so extreme as to gas them , maybe they would start by forbidding them from being public workers , teachers , etc. 
  to protect the children , of course . 
   so , instead of protesting about the law you 're actually protesting about what might happen if another law is introduced after this law is introduced . 
  i 'm protesting against this law , or i would be if i was british , because it completely violates people 's privacy . 
  this argument does not seem to resonate with you because you appear to place no value at all in privacy , thinking opt out makes everything ok . you also seem to think people are stupid and need a nanny state taking care of them and protecting their children from porn . 
   in your crazy government scenario , the government still does n't have much of a problem . 
  they work out some other means of detecting sexual deviants ( monitor internet usage and also arrest anyone who torrents , it does n't have to be perfectly accurate ) and enforce things along those lines . 
  sure , but then people will have ways to fight against it or flee the country before they manage to round everyone up . 
   there are a few problems with this line of argument . 
  first is that it 's the ` slippery slope ' fallacy : there 's nothing in this law that actually persecutes porn-watchers there was nothing in the dutch law persecuting jewish people , it was still very convenient for the germans that the dutch had a registry with the religion people followed for church taxes reasons . 
  this kind of thing has happened before and can happen again . 
  maybe it 's a slippery slope argument , but it 's a dangerous slope indeed . 
   so if you want to protest against that you have to wait until something like it actually happens as history shows , that would be too late , we have to be vigilant of such breaches of privacy before that happens . 
   the second problem with this line of reasoning is that stopping the law now does n't actually hinder your hypothetical government . 
  in that situation , they just institute the same law you 've stopped now . 
  yes , but knowing that they 're a crazy government , no one would opt out , just as the jews would not have identified themselves as jews in a nazi controlled netherlands . 
  so you think everyone who likes to watch porn being required to identify themselves as porn watchers to opt-out , is perfectly ok ? 
  what 's next ? 
  put crucifixes on top of hospital beds , it 's ok , people can opt out and have it removed by identifying themselves as someone from another religion , is that ok ? 
  opt-out is not ok because it envolves a horrible invasion of privacy . 
  let 's suppose in the future , crazy conservatives take charge of the government , here 's a convenient list of , in their eyes , sexual deviants they can use to persecute them . 
  i 'm not even mentioning the can of worms that even having this system in place can cause . 
  most media nowadays is just press releases , they do n't do any investigation , who do you think is feeding them ? 
  i think by 8-9 you may be able to get those aha moments , but we 're talking about ** 5 year olds ** here . 
  their capacity for abstract thinking is not that great , the ability to systematically solve a problem in a logical and methodical way , only comes much later . 
  basically , you will have a bunch of children practicing trial and error , which is not at all what good coding is about and i 'm not even sure it 's all that useful . 
   edit : eh , i should just look up the curriculum really , at this point we 're both simply speculating . 
  very true , i guess by being portuguese i am also slightly biased , we got seriously burned with tons of ppps which always had some nice marketing about them too . 
  so , nowadays , we are very suspicious of stuff like this . 
   let me know if this helped explain the situation ? 
  it did , and that 's what i suspected hence why i referred the incredible machine which was what was used for that a few decades ago . 
  nowadays , you could use minecraft . 
  i just think calling it `` teaching the basics of coding '' is pure marketing . 
  in my experience , when that happens , there 's some scam going on . 
   they instinctively grasp operating in a digital world personally , i do n't really buy into this bullshit . 
  i think it 's the other way around , the digital world now has good touch screens and interface elements that behave like the real world , these are natural for a human , as that 's how we are used to interact with our environment , i do n't think it has anything to do with kids these days having a better grasp of operating in the digital world . 
  the digital world is just a lot better at mimicking the natural interaction human experience . 
  do these new , easier interfaces , provide tools to teach much younger students in a much more interesting and interactive way ? 
  yes . 
  are they learning how to code ? 
   you do n't need to understand integer division to learn the logic of programming -- how algorithms work , etc. 
  you realize this does n't make any sense , since integer division is one of the simplest algorithms in existence , it 's a loop where you subtract a number from another until the other is smaller , and count how many times you did it . 
  5 year olds already learn the basics of programming . 
  that would be : maths , logic and studying their own language and grammar . 
  from my perspective ( i 'm a programmer ) , this seems like a marketing ploy to sell an expensive public private partnership to the government . 
   in a public-private partnership , a programme called progetiiger ( `` programming tiger '' ) was announced , to teach five-year-olds the basics of coding what ?? 
  most five year olds ca n't even read and write , and have trouble understanding integer division . 
  this seems like an elaborate scam for me , to get an eager to show work in continuing to make estonia a tech leader government 's money . 
  it 's almost like saying , i 'm going to make a programme to teach 5 year olds the basics of how to compose bach level symphonies with all the harmonics and counterpoints . 
  give me 30000 $ per child so i can have them play with a xylophone * . 
  that aside , lots of things to feel jealous about , great work , i want a young government not filled with dickheads too . 
  \\* the equivalent for programming would be [ the incredible machine ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_incredible_machine_ ( series \\ ) ) or something . 
  our colonial war and the way we did our decolonization . 
  completely abandoning black portuguese that fought for us , even entire black majority countries that neither fought us and neither wanted to be independent in the first place . 
  i could write here all day about how stupid and barbaric we were during and after the war . 
  maybe the widow fails to realize , but the people in the countries germany is `` throwing '' money at , would also love germany to spend more money with germans . 
  does n't matter , apparently , this ridiculous measure in spain is not interesting for / r/europe, 
   's also a pretty good opportunity to see how well you know another language . 
  and if you only know english , well , then i suppose that 's what you 'll have to use . 
  i had english as a class since primary school , having movies and other stuff subtitled instead of dubbed also helped . 
  what does it matter ? 
  really ? 
  do you want to have a political discussion over this ? 
  there 's a `` too soon '' for jokes , there should be a `` too soon '' for this too . 
  it 's really an awesome place to live , you just need to have money before you come here . 
  shh do n't call their attention ... http://torrentfreak.com/file-sharing-for-personal-use-declared-legal-in-portugal-120927/, 
  i do n't know about the eu but this is more or less the law we have here . 
  i do n't know why every tourist destination wants to become some kind of luxury destination . 
  they seem to have a great deal with the `` ballerman '' here . 
  there are a lot of luxury alternatives or places the spanish can go if they do n't want to deal with this . 
  we have a town in algarve where this happens with british tourists , we mostly avoid it , but sometimes we go there for a change of scenery , it can be fun too . 
  either way , we have the rest of the algarve to us and the more chilled out tourists ( including brits that used to come here to party and now that they 're older they come to relax ) . 
  so portuguese do n't really mind . 
  i think this is almost a moral problem . 
  as if there 's something wrong with being young and partying hard with your friends . 
  not every holiday in a foreign country needs to be about immersion with the local culture , that 's why they invented private resorts , and these places end up working much like one . 
  people nowadays fail to understand that privacy is absolutely fundamental for liberty . 
  liberty is the fundamental right , no other right matters without it . 
  if you have no privacy , even if you seem to live in a free society , you are not free anymore . 
  even if what you 're doing now is lawful , what 's stopping a future evil government from taking over and retroactively persecute you for doing stuff in the past that goes against their stupid dogmas . 
  for instance , lets suppose it was legal to protest but the government identified every single person who protested , what they protested about , and kept records . 
  are people really free to protest ? 
  everyone who values freedom should fight tooth and nail to preserve privacy no matter what . 
  as the other guys just said , pp does not fit the bill at all . 
  james mayfield comes out as an idiot to any portuguese reading this article or looking at this map . 
  maybe he was misinformed or something . 
  thanks a lot !, 
   it 's actually pretty boring , nothing of much substance is said . 
  it 's just feelgoodery propaganda . 
  i translated the first part anyway i suspected as much , but i also like to be informed propaganda wise . 
  you 're doing public service here . 
  can someone transcribe and translate this ? 
  i ca n't understand german or greek so i 'm at a bit of a loss here . 
  yes one could go that way . 
  you are being negligent , of course , when you do not take into consideration the contagion effects , much like cyprus was affected by greek restructuring . 
  there would be effects in other european economies and banks . 
  of course , that if you do want the european great depression to continue , that is exactly what will end up happening . 
   extra austerity is needed until the economy starts to grow again and increased productivity together with increase of tax revenue starts to ease up the situation .
