  for those that did n't know where the longest bridge in europe is , it 's worth a look as it 's a beautiful bridge in my opinion . 
   i hate stepping on algae with a passion , it just feels weird and slimy . 
  ahahah that is pretty rare here . 
  the sand on the seafloor is usually pretty clear of algae . 
   you do realize that almost every public beach in greece has the highest euro rating it 's the same here . 
   where i can go 50 feet into the water and look all the way down and see every rock on the bottom . 
  visibility is no indicator that the water is indeed clean . 
  in fact what that means is that in those beaches the water is , in sea terms , a complete desert where algae can not grow . 
  probably because the water is too hot for them . 
  in portugal the water is a lot colder so generally the visibility in the water is quite bad as our waters are teeming with life . 
  either way , i agree with you , it 's stupid to turn this into a competition . 
  particularly because there are quite big differences in the experience you can have in both countries so there 's certainly room for both . 
   would n't you have resigned a long time ago and perhaps even left the country with all these charges coming your way i no i would n't have . 
  you are n't thinking like these psicos . 
  as a pm i would have immunity and enough power to make the charges go away and even make the media shut up about it . 
  i would be perfectly happy to be stealing my country for as long as i could . 
   you say that as if there is some sort of causal relationship between the two . 
  and there certainly is . 
  i did n't say , however , that it was the only cause or the only problem affecting the spanish job market . 
  you are correct if you 're saying that their work regulations are retarded . 
  i do n't know why you are being so downvoted . 
  it was just a question . 
  people are perhaps interpreting it wrong . 
  if with that question , you mean that the taxes would show if he is or not corrupt , that is very naive as they certainly would n't . 
  if you mean that by making his income taxes public he could be helping someone investigate this further and try to prove he is corrupt , so it is indicative that maybe he is n't . 
  then it 's a question that makes sense . 
  you ca n't really put it like that when we are all sharing the same currency . 
  there are winners and losers with the current policy , southern europe certainly is n't winning . 
  frankly i do n't know wtf are the spanish thinking not to have left the euro yet . 
  30 % unemployment for fucks sake . 
  lots of it . 
  but when the internal market contracts companies also make more of an effort to export since they ca n't sell their goods internally . 
  so exports have also risen . 
  however , this also means that europeans are , more than ever , less able to afford what they produce . 
  in portugal there would be no need to step down , we had ministers with fake degrees for almost a decade now . 
  if it is n't , it just shows it 's really not worth it yet . 
  in which case , maybe what you want is to subsidize research in solar power , not the production and installation of shitty inefficient solar panels . 
  fossil fuels just need to always be taxed according to the externalities they have . 
  no other incentive should be necessary . 
  it can certainly be just corruption . 
  study after study has demonstrated the nefarious effects corruption has on economies . 
  spanish infrastructure is pretty great nowadays , so no . 
  seriously ? 
  i find it funny that you even think it 's acceptable to have this opinion . 
  if you want another culprit for the spanish contraction try the euro itself . 
  the current levels of unemployment in europe are a political decision . 
   what you constantly suggest is for the rest of europe to bail us out , for them to forget our debt or to fund our spending . 
  no it is n't . 
  you have a serious case of cognitive bias on this subject . 
  you appear to not be able to properly read or evaluate contrary opinions . 
   the debt is n't getting worse , not like it was before the `` evil '' austerity measures started . 
  yes it is . 
  specially if you look at it in debt to gdp terms . 
   the only possible alternative to this is continuing spending aka doing the shit that got us into this situation in the first place . 
  that 's just not true . 
  there are other alternatives . 
  people who defend this idiotic european wide austerity policy keep insisting there are n't but there are . 
  it 's funny too that they ask for alternatives as if the current policy is working which , of course , it is n't . 
  i have suggested , per your request , alternatives to this many times over . 
  i will not repeat myself again just because you insist on not remembering any opinion that disagrees with your viewpoint and insist on repeating that there are no alternatives . 
   we just need to spend enough to maintain basic competencies that is not enough . 
  you need to have a minimum installed productive capacity . 
  you ca n't just decide to start growing more one day and have it instantly . 
  as it should be . 
  the other central banks keep devaluing their currencies and stupid europe keeps having to do internal devaluation to stay competitive , resulting in a continuous rise of defaults , rise of unemployment , and endless austerity in europe . 
  this is retarded . 
  it 's not the mood of the markets fluctuating the euro , it 's the other central banks mood . 
   that the debt is stabilising . 
  wishful thinking much . 
   that we can go back to s\u00f3crates era spending and expect a different result , that 's insane . 
  no , that 's a straw man , no one suggested that . 
   you did n't answer my question . 
  when will austerity end ? 
    when the debt gets back to acceptable levels ( it can be 60 % gdp as it was in the euro convergence criteria ) . 
  except as has been proven many times , austerity is not helping to lower the debt levels . 
  unless you think 50 % defaults are part of `` austerity '' . 
  well , at least our submarines work pretty well thanks to the beta versions sold to south korea and greece . 
  why is this rude ? 
   what do you understand by `` austerity '' ? 
  slavery to germany ? 
  i 'm not trying to be captious , but , who the fuck uses that definition ? 
   they need to understand that if it was not greece , it would have just been another nation . 
  this needs to be said over and over . 
  when you 're in an idiotically malformed monetary zone . 
  there is no safe level of debt . 
  look at ireland and spain , they had very little debt to gdp before this crisis started . 
  anyone can be put down . 
  this is stupid though if you consider how the market works now . 
  i will just buy my electronics from spanish amazon or something . 
  besides it is very nebulous to who the money actually goes , why would a portuguese society of authors who do n't produce jackshit , ok they produce some shit , but it 's the really bad kind of shit , be involved in this ; no one pirates their stuff . 
  me neither . 
  i think you 're right , it would be ridiculous to do this for 8m . 
  however , that 's just what the investigation has found in betting profits . 
  there 's probably a lot more money involved . 
   the multiplier being above 1 is the norm , not the exception . 
  if it was .5 or .7 then it would be very odd indeed , yet , that was their prediction . 
   that would mean that the state spending 1 $ would increase the gdp by .5 $ or .7 $ which is ludicrous , the state spending goes directly into the gdp , the thing that could cause that was if the rest of the economy suddenly started consuming less or importing more or something like that . 
  the theory was that the multiplier for cutting spending was less than 1 because the private sector would get a boost from it and would then spend more , compensating in a way the reduced government spending . 
  you know like the libertarians keep saying that the government gets all the credit and then there 's not enough on the market for the private businesses . 
  it 's not totally stupid as in some situations the multiplier is indeed less than 1 , particularly if your cuts also allow you to lower your taxes , or your main trading partners are growing , but greece was in a completely different scenario .
