  no one ever does , everyone knows that nowadays politicians must speak this way given that the markets behave as an hysterical pmsing brat . 
  of course they would , and of course troika contributes to public worker wages because you would have to pay the debt that is coming due in some other way without the troika money . 
  so they contribute to everything . 
  you can not base an economy on just being a consumer ( well you can if you have a dollar printer which we do n't ) . 
  that 's why i 'd like to see our neighbours having more expansionary economic policies which would make the demand grow there ( not here please , we are indebted enough ) . 
  anyway clearly we have very different viewpoints of reality . 
  maybe because i do n't consider most of my country 's company owners as the local mafia/gangsters . 
  those wages and pensions would be destroyed anyway , i do n't really get what 's so hard to understand . 
  at the moment we do not have enough money to maintain things as they are . 
  there are a lot of things you can do to become more competitive than bulgaria other than wages . 
  have a justice system that works , reduce bureaucracy and corruption to a minimum , make your taxes simple , easy to understand and deal with , try to attract industries which would benefit from your location/natural resources/other industries already established , etc. 
  the list goes on and on . 
  funnily enough many of the items on the list above and others destined to improve competitiveness are part of at least our troika agreement ( which i 'm more familiar with ) , i 'm sure yours has similar clauses . 
  will all this be enough ? 
  no , i do n't think so , not quickly enough , that 's why a few posts above i suggested europe should do a stimulus plan we need demand to be growing in our main trade partners . 
  we would be getting a smaller government , cutting pensions and doing aimless austerity anyway if we had no deal . 
  i do n't really see what 's the alternative , specially since i do n't know any portuguese who does n't agree that we did need serious reforms and specially if you want to get competitive again and attract those industries you say we need . 
   what if the reforms you are being asked to do is to commit suicide ? 
  the reforms will be done either you want to or not because either way there is no more money for the structure you had in place . 
  what the money we are getting now does is buy time to do them a little slower . 
  i know we need better deals , seriously , there 's no way we wo n't default with the current one . 
  all i 'm saying is that i can understand the countries helping us need reassurances that we are , and will continue to , changing our path ; before they give us a better deal . 
  it 's a matter of trust , we need to regain it . 
  it 's basic moral hazard . 
   what if you have an unelected prime minister ? 
  what if eu is currently doing it 's best to delay elections ? 
  i do n't know what to say to this , it 's a shitty situation . 
  still your prime minister has the support of the majority of your parliament so it 's not like he is operating illegitimately . 
   what if nobody wanted the bailouts in the first place ? 
  i did agree with indirectapproach2 that elections would be a very good idea , the sooner the better . 
  i know we probably would be having the same problems if we did n't have elections like ireland did . 
  so elect someone that will not take the bailout route , and good luck with that ( honestly ) . 
  it might even be good for us , because , if you guys take that route , europe will want to firewall the rest and will probably give us a much much better deal than we have right now . 
  [ edit ] to the people downvoting my posts starting from this one down : ** reddiquette do n't ** : downvote opinions just because you disagree with them . 
  the down arrow is for comments that add little or nothing to the discussion . 
  an explanation of why you downvote would also be nice as it certainly is n't because of my comments not adding to the discussion i think . 
   if the tables were reversed dumbass, 
  i 'm sure they would . 
  i just think the greeks have the order in reverse . 
  first you show that you are willing to reform only then can you get better terms . 
  otherwise the people helping you will be afraid of the moral hazard and will not trust you to do the reforms if they give you better conditions . 
  at least that 's how we see things in portugal , we do n't think the deal we have now will be enough to solve our problems , it can even make them worse , but we think that if we show that we will reform and will do everything within our capabilities to do so , the others will recognize that and give us a more generous deal because they trust us to do the reforms anyway . 
  [ edit ] a few typos, 
  yeah greece definitely needs better , more generous terms , so do we by the way . 
  they also need to show a willingness to reform which i frankly have n't seen since this crisis started ( if i trust what the articles i 've read here tell me ) . 
  an alternative to more generous terms for the troubled countries , that could be more acceptable for other europeans , would be an europe wide stimulus plan . 
  most of the stimulus could even be done and spent in countries that are n't troubled , when their economy and consumption improve we get markets to buy our shit and more tourists on our sunny beaches and we can compensate the internal contraction caused by the reforms . 
  either way an election is a very good idea , we had one immediately after agreeing to the troika terms and that definitely helped making our reforms a lot more palatable . 
  i do n't think it 's likely that the mostly austerity based solutions we 're doing are going to solve europe 's problems by themselves but :  this is n't the first time ratings have been downgraded on the heels of measures aimed at fighting crisis in europe . 
  damn right it 's not the first time , this shit happened every single fucking time . 
  it 's starting to piss me off . 
  serbia is ex-soviet now ? 
  this dude made a good summary : [ http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/pmjsp/athens_burns_as_lawmakers_debate_greek_austerity/c3qn1po] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/pmjsp/athens_burns_as_lawmakers_debate_greek_austerity/c3qn1po ), 
  it 's pretty much this simple , you do n't even need a visa . 
  look it 's a baby spammer , how cute !, 
  well you actually would want inflation right now if you were portugal , because inflation is pretty good when your problem is over indebtedness * , you have a competitiveness problem and wages are really hard to lower and you have a balance of payments problem that you would usually solve by devaluing your coin . 
  so yeah real reform does have to be done but it could be much easier for everyone if we had monetary control . 
  right now it 's a race to do it before the gdp falls and fucks our debt to gdp ratio even more than it already is . 
  we are trying our best , hopefully we will get lucky and stay afloat trough this . 
  * of course this assumes our debt would be in our own coin which would n't necessarily be true . 
  sadly since we ca n't devalue our coin , things like these are the only way for us to get more competitive . 
  however one should notice that if we did devalue worker wages would also be going down . 
  the advantage of devaluing over this is that it solves the competitiveness problem but also the trade balance one which these measures do not solve . 
  our feijoada is indeed quite different i recommend you try it , specially the '' \u00e0 transmontana '' version . 
  as for chilies , well not as much as me , but portuguese certainly like hot food as we were in india for quite a while and learned to enjoy curry . 
  if you like indian food you should try [ goan cuisine ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/goan_cuisine ) from the region of goa which was influenced by the portuguese cuisine and is quite different from the normal indian food . 
  i eat soups like this [ one ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caldo_verde ) , this [ one ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canja_de_galinha ) or many of the other ones we have , almost every day before the main dish . 
  i really like [ feijoada ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/feijoada ) and eat it pretty regularly . 
  on a daily basis i like grilled meat that was seasoned with garlic like a good steak or pork chop usually accompanied by salad and regular white rice but sometimes by a good mushroom or asparagus [ risotto ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/risotto ) because i fucking like it . 
  i also really like to put hot sauce or chilis on almost everything . 
  frankly , i doubt it has anything to do with that , as all of those things can and are usually done online here as well , and i 'm betting this is true for greece too . 
  probably it 's more related to the older population level of education which usually fucks up all the statistics for countries that developed recently . 
  in fact , i doubt you 'd find any significant difference if you made the statistics for population under 40 instead of the entire population . 
  you did n't need to be nordic to realize it was important for fucks sake . 
  so now we just cherry pick indicators and have a circlejerk on the piigs suck theme ? 
  fuck you zerohedge . 
  fuck you very very much . 
  anyone who upvoted lol is a dumbfuck , we have them in europe too . 
  i do n't think it 's anti-french i think it 's anti-intellectual ( although taking a stab on the french is nice a bonus ) ; it is also stupid divisive rethoric based on a random and useless distinction on this case , but inline with the one based on `` he 's so rich he 's not one of us '' . 
  basically , they seem to be betting that americans like to get beer with an equally ignorant , equally poor dude and they want him to be president . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  this all seems very credible , well the part about portugal needing a 2nd bailout will probably become true if our economy keeps reacting so badly to the austerity , but the rest seems to be mostly bullshit . 
  chill out , the hypothesis in this article clearly does not hold up when faced with even the most minute amount of scrutiny , as most of the countries having problems right now were not breaking the rules until the crisis started . 
  steps to read the article : 1 . put '' [ site : ft.com europe rests on monti 's shoulders ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=site%3aft.com+europe+rests+on+monti+shoulders ) '' on google 2 . follow the first link, 
  still these are some of the best news i 've seen since the crisis started , a few more of these and we might even break the negative feedback loop we 've been in . 
  i do n't really care . 
  americans have a ridiculous need to keep affirming/hearing they are better in some subjective way ( they do n't like objective facts ) than the other nations , and republican politicians , who have clearly gone full retard , love to take advantage of that . 
   yes and no . 
  europe ( the eu ) has a lower debt level ( per gdp ) than both the usa and japan . 
  well true , but europe is not a fiscal union yet and it has a central bank which is very reluctant to do anything , unlike the american and japanese one . 
   the idea is the following : showing investors that we really want to behave in the future will help us already in the closer future this works if your gdp does n't fall like a rock due to the austerity , otherwise what investors see is a debt to gdp ratio that will get progressively worse . 
  that 's why i said in my first post that austerity does n't work if everyone 's doing it because you have nowhere to grow to while your internal market is depressing , and , doing so , be able to maintain or even grow your gdp during austerity , much like germany did during the good times while it 's neighbours were doing expansionary policies . 
  anyway , if i am understanding this right , it seems we both agree . 
  we both think the german system is pretty good , and that adopting it will not be enough to solve our current problems ( although i do agree with merkel that it should be a prerequisite to any advance we make ) . 
   the demand is going to come from the running income ( which will not go away ) . 
  how is running income not going away ? 
  people are getting their salaries slashed , companies are going bankrupt or fleeing the country because no one lends to companies which are based in failing countries and the taxes got higher ; and obviously the unemployed are increasing . 
   growth is only needed , when you run up too many debts it appears we ( europe ) did . 
  thanks for the excellent explanation of your system , i actually really like it , specially the symmetrical budgets plan , i just do n't think it 's a solution to the current situation . 
  it 's more of a means of preventing it from happening again ( which , by the way , it wo n't accomplish by itself , since it does n't solve the balance of payments problems created by the euro ) .
