  it 's common knowledge who it was that demanded so much austerity . 
  agreed , from what i can see it 's just a shitty forum that has barely over 1k users , i do n't see why an open letter from them would be considered news unless the silly season turned full retard season . 
  orly ? 
  the funny thing is that the imf , usually seen as the most hawkish institution in the world , right from the start did n't want to apply measures as harsh , but the other 2 members of the troika , you know - your supposed european friends - demanded them out of some sick ideology instead of good economic sense . 
  europe is run by ideologues or , in another word we sometimes use in my country with the meaning of `` someone with a lot of stupid ideas '' - idiots . 
  edit : english, 
  the link does n't work for me , but he 's right , so do n't downvote . 
  the reason is that ` eu ' reads like ` you ' and that 's one of the exceptions where words started with vowels use ` a ' instead of ` an ' . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  still , newspapers can pick their columnists so clearly there 's a relatively large segment of swedes who like to read this shit . 
  kinda depressing . 
  agreed - this is quite ridiculous - is this some kind of swedish tabloid or something ? 
  people in geneve get ready to visit france to fill your gas tanks while you shop cheaply in carrefour . 
  almost , our constitution only allows extraditing portuguese citizens for crimes of terrorism or international organized crime . 
  so this case could sort of fit the exception . 
  however , no matter what any deal we have with a country or the constitutional exception say , for a portuguese citizen it 's always possible , by law , for a court to deny the extradition . 
  in this case , it happened twice hence why it reached the supreme court and now it is legally impossible . 
  even if the courts had not decided it , the portuguese republic reserved the right to refuse any extradition in all the deals it made with other countries in the case of a portuguese citizen . 
  so it could still be simply refused without breaking any international treaties ( although that would be unlikely ) . 
  the us is [ still after him ] ( http://downloadsexpresso.aeiou.pt/expressoonline/pdf/cartageorgewright130712.pdf ) , even after our supreme court refused it , there 's no way he can now be legally extradited and they simply ignore our laws and keep asking for it . 
  do note , that he is arrested , portugal is just insisting that he will serve his punishment here because he is now a portuguese citizen . 
  the us is not in the right here . 
  any hiccups ? 
  this pretty much needs to be done if we do n't want the very near future collapse of the euro and a depression of horrible magnitude on our backs , the private sector is deleveraging and will be doing so for some time , the money needs to come from somewhere and it 's time to let the central bank do it 's job as lender of last resort and as the ultimate backstop of all our debt . 
  those are probably the 2 politicians i hate the most so i upvoted you , but i think we were going for funny stuff in this thread so here 's a full hour video of , another politician i hate very much , [ jos\u00e9 socrates speaking horrible english ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gl-90zypyaa ) ( warning painful to watch ) . 
   after that , we also vote for people who does necessary , but uncomfortable reforms , like our pension reform , for example . 
  when did southern europe do that ? 
  err not long ago . 
  portugal did exactly that in the last elections . 
  our current majority government was elected after promising that they would do all the reforms agreed with the troika and would do any and all reforms needed to reach our deficit targets if the ones agreed with the troika were not enough . 
  of course that if after all this effort people do n't start to see things improving , and they are n't because every time things start to improve some other country in europe goes into problems and drags us down again , it 's going to be hard to keep the reforming impetus . 
  i 'm not sure how we in portugal can use the model of `` huge ass chunk of land per capita rich in natural resources '' . 
  not true , portugal did a lot of reforms before the euro , namely to actually get in the euro . 
  europe could easily pressure the countries to keep reforming while easing at the same time . 
  agreed , i keep reminding people that , at the time , we also thought it would be all right to let lehman fall . 
  i like how you keep calling us pigs and how we have shitty printing money habits . 
  it must be good to be speaking from a country whose economy is not fucked up precisely because you guys do quantitative easing and print money by the hundreds of billions . 
  this is not really related to our argument ... 
  i guess i just needed to vent . 
  are n't we already in that last resort stage ? 
  i actually think we are . 
  we can keep forcing the reforms that actually solve the problem but if we do n't concurrently print money i do n't see how the eurozone will survive . 
  they 're doing what they should 've been doing since the beginning of the crisis - printing money - seems like a good idea to help solve the problem imho . 
  they may be idiots ( i certainly did not vote for socrates ) , but when people are lied to , particularly by someone with a credible appearance , they often make poor choices . 
  i choose to mostly blame the liars who should at least be in jail ( shooting them may be taking it too far ) as i do n't see how democracy can work with either an idiot or mensa population when politicians are allowed to freely lie . 
  not in power , but sadly still alive and having fun , enjoying the money he got trough [ corruption ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jos%c3%a9_s%c3%b3crates#controversies ) , in paris . 
  i 'd certainly like to ask that pos why he said my country needed serious reforms when he ran for prime minister and then not only did he not do most of them , he left after only 2 years and due in no small part to those actions ( him just leaving midterm for his new european jerb ) we were shortly after being ruled by the opposition 's leader jos\u00e9 socrates who quickly got us into as much debt as all the prime ministers before him since 1974 ( look at [ 2005-2010 ] ( http://aventadores.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/image9.png ) ) . 
  so yeah , i guess i 'd like to ask him to go fuck himself in the ass . 
   nope , this acronym has been used since the mid-90s and i 've been using it for years before the euro crisis , why would i stop using it now ? 
  whatever , if you do n't see how this acronym is harmful , you are an ignorant and lacking in empathy . 
  if you do n't see how this helps the extremely easy progression between thinking that economic superiority means moral superiority , cultural superiority and eventually genetic superiority you 're a fool and you refuse to see what 's happening around you . 
  by all means keep using it . 
   also , there is virtually nothing to be stimulated . 
  many industries have a shortage of workers . 
  maybe you can `` stimulate '' higher wages then ... 
  for starters , i 'd prefer if you would stop using that offensive acronym . 
  to answer your question , i do n't think portugal or the other troubled countries should do stimulus . 
  i think the non troubled ones , particularly those with very low interest rates , should . 
  we 'd just rise with the tide and recover our competitiveness much quicker . 
  it certainly would . 
  although , not necessarily the right thing to do while they are in the eu , as france alone not doing austerity will not be enough to solve the problem and the german amongst others insist on relative austerity even now . 
  btw i 'd like to know how you can grasp an attitude from a few written words so well . 
  i do n't know about the bailouts but when it comes to hollande i think this proves that the stimulus package was exactly the right thing to do . 
  apparently , even a small stimulus like the one holland did was enough to keep french economy from going into a recession . 
  you think the french ratings and yields would not , very soon , go the way of italy otherwise ? 
  well a country trade surplus is another 's deficit . 
  before the euro the other eurozone members could manipulate currency to compensate . 
  right now they can not , so it does seem to create a problem . 
  tell me about it , this was so unfair , i totally deserved this prize . 
  not just policy makers , all europeans should be reading these too . 
  policy makers are quite constrained by what the ignorant european populace they depend on for votes wants . 
  i was going to call you a `` german nazi '' , but something about that did n't sound right . 
  thanks to eu rules , withdrawing euros from a cash machine costs you the same anywhere in the eu as it does in your own country from a cash machine that does not belong to your bank . 
  luckily , in * my country * that cost is - free of charge - so i pay no fees for withdrawing anywhere in the eu muahahahah . 
  this article is based on a paper they link to many times you can read it [ here ] ( http://www.feasta.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/trade-off1.pdf ) if you want to make a more informed decision . 
  one should not call shenanigans light heartedly , it 's serious business . 
  their situations are quite different in my opinion . 
  the world economy is in a lot worse shape than it was when argentina collapsed , argentina was pegged to the dollar but it still had its own currency , argentina 's main trading partners were not in a crisis , argentina is rich in natural resources which rose in value since it collapsed , etc. 
  the world economy is so fragile that even lehman brothers collapsing was enough to totally fuck it up so i 'm quite worried with what could happen if a country like greece did the same . 
  greece is already fine for august , because the ecb authorized the bank of greece to lend that money , september is where the can is now . 
  eh that brings back memories of my trusty [ us robotics 28.8 k ] ( http://www.recycledgoods.com/zoom.aspx?productid=21098 ) modem which was the envy of most of the people at the time that still had shitty 14.4 k modems . 
  that thing was fast !, 
  i liked it so much i totally ignored the 33.6 modems that started appearing a bit later and only upgraded when the 56k ones finally appeared . 
  ahh those were the days . 
  i remember my internet connection going down because someone used the phone on my house . 
  there was no reddit , you had to rely on a bunch of websites you kept in what we used to call favorites , nowadays it 's a rare occasion when people use favorites because it 's so easy to find anything you 've seen before on google anyway . 
  the more computer knowledgeable of us also used what was known as rss readers to get links and stories much as you do now on reddit , but those were n't filtered by the community , it was hard to know what was worthy of your attention or not . 
  back then , many websites had editorial control of what was posted instead of the modern crowsourcing we use now with everyone upvoting and downvoting content . 
  we had to organize our emails in many folders and subfolders , because it was so hard to search your emails and you could not tag them . 
  even this folder organization working well depended on the eldritch imap protocol and you would lose it if you used pop . 
  i 'd say the grass was greener then , but it was n't . 
  i agree , it is hardly surprising ; your stated reason however , has nothing to do with it . 
  modern zoos are nothing like that , the proof is easily seen by the success many are having in breeding endangered species in captivity . 
  many of those species , are very hard to breed in captivity and the only way you can do so is if you provide an environment where the animals are actually happy . 
  here 's an [ example ] ( http://www.lisboainside.net/en/noticias/119-zoo-de-lisboa-com-familia-aumentada ) for you . 
  it 's ok , i give you my blessing . 
   redditor for 6 years, 
  yes , but i wanted to see how that has evolved over the years since the crisis started and more and more greek debt was shifted to among others the ecb and imf . 
   portugal lives its most glorious days . 
  i can confirm this , as a lot more males emigrate than females , things are getting more glorious every day .
