  adrenalin . 
  i think it sort of is as it blurs the way you think , i 'm guessing that was people thinking he was still a threat unless he was knocked out . 
  i think what 's needed is a kind of fbi . 
  all politician crimes and charges of corruption would be investigated and judged at a federal level . 
  this way their local friends ca n't protect them . 
  it was a bit barbaric , but , in those situations adrenalin kicks in . 
  remember they did n't know if the would be assassin had more guns . 
  i think it 's kind of amazing that everyone rose to help stop the assassin , which is what i expect would happen here too . 
  the professionals were , of course , trying to contain the mob factor as they should . 
  tldr - `` i want everyone else to stop printing because i do n't print ! '', 
  just because the eurozone is stupid and decided to have a kind of gold standard the others do n't need to be too . 
   the euro has rocketed by 20pc against the yen since july . 
  `` this will soon start to hurt core euroland and germany . 
  the japanese compete in the same export niche of cars , machine tools and electronics , '' said hans redeker from morgan stanley . 
  this seriously annoys me . 
  the periphery has needed a devaluation for years , europe only considers doing it after it can no longer compete with foreign printing by destroying the periphery economies and it 's starting to affect germany . 
  i have no problem with germans , but fuck everything about the ecb , the bundesbank , and the way europe works today . 
  ohh well , better late than never . 
  it would still be helpful for us , to help reduce our unemployment and debt , so please go ahead and do this . 
   the latest measures will raise the corporate income tax to 26 % from 20 % and push the top individual rate to 42 % from 40 % . 
  the corporate income tax raise is stupid as fuck , seriously , is n't this about they gaining competitiveness ? 
  the top individual rate is already quite higher in portugal and it 's not that bad in terms of effects in my opinion , not good , but there are worse taxes you can raise if you 're going to raise one . 
  we need something to help us survive while the fiscal union does n't come . 
  start by lowering ecb interest rates to zero ( why the fuck do we still have 0.75 % with countries who have 30 % unemployment ) , then do a huge eu wide stimulus . 
  we 'd have inflation sure . 
  it 's better than not having jobs , wasting productive capacity and wasting an entire generation . 
  yes . 
  the main factor was really people being sick of the colonial war . 
  no one cared about europe at the time . 
  yes but the revolution in 1974 had nothing to do with the eu , and after the revolution everything changed instantly ( it had been changing for a while already after salazar died ) . 
  my point is that the impetus for change really had nothing to do with the eu , it came from inside . 
  saying it was due to the eu is a horrible historic revisionism . 
  seriously i do n't know how portugal is always so low in these statistics . 
  if you count 3 expressos as being 20 grams of coffee each , that would amount to around 22kg of coffee per year . 
  some people drink quite a lot more than 3 . 
  err we were n't jailing journalists ( or anything close , similar or even comparable ) before we wanted to get into the eu . 
  that said , i agree with your main point . 
  i think the problem is that , not just the germans , many europeans and european politicians still do n't understand what we are dealing with here . 
  this is n't a garden variety recession , this is n't a public debt problem . 
  this is a fucking great depression . 
  to fix the first great depression it took a world war to get governments spending what was needed to get us out of it . 
  european jackasses think they can fix this one with grocery shopping math . 
  there may be growth here and there , but what characterizes events like this one , is long lasting stagnation and it will affect everyone if we do n't get out of it . 
  every time i think of irish catholics i imagine them singing [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fusplvstpbk ) . 
  that seems [ normal ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/normal_distribution#standard_normal_distribution ) . 
  well sugar at least tastes good , and it may be bad for you but it is n't as bad as hfcs . 
  profligate workers working for artificially created jobs and voting for politicians that create them should be jailed . 
  they 're the scourge of the modern world . 
  i do n't see how it 's disingenuous , when you have countries with 10x times the unemployment as others . 
  clearly - clearly - you do n't have an optimum currency area . 
  maybe individual eurozone countries do n't overlap geographically with what the optimums would be , but they 're certainly a lot closer than the clusterfuck we have now . 
  first of all , i think we should keep doing austerity . 
  in the structural reform sense of the word but also in the simply spending less sense . 
  given that we 're doing austerity we would have quite a lot less inflation than the core , thus printing money would help us regain competitiveness quicker . 
  it would also help us keep our jobs and thus we would keep paying taxes instead of burdening our social security system . 
  it would also help everyone that is deleveraging that includes the state , but it also includes a lot of banks , private companies , and families . 
  it would stop the need for debt restructurings that make the fire spread ( @see the greek restructurings and cyprus problems ) . 
  the current way - internal devaluation - makes debt restructuring inevitable . 
  let 's see what happens in portugal by the end of the year if nothing is done to change the current course . 
  yes , it 's problems in the system but printing money would keep the system alive until it gets the real fix ( federalism ) . 
  they need the people of the countries under a program to accept the `` medicine '' they 're being given quietly , if people start wondering who is really to blame for all this shit we will have the eurozone dismantled ( people will have no patience to wait for the real fix ) and a lot of politicians and bankers on the guillotine . 
  so it 's more of the same . 
  a reinforcement of what is the narrative europe institutions think is the explanation for what happened . 
  southerners are simply lazy and corrupt . 
  the environment ( eu , euro , ecb ) has nothing to do with what happened . 
  there is of course , such a solution available . 
  it 's called printing . 
  this is complete bullshit . 
  the current crisis is , for instance , related with ecb policies designed to help the countries affected by the dotcom bust , that filled the unaffected periphery with tons of cheap credit . 
  the eu part of the troika , not the imf , has also been the main responsible for austerity being implemented in such a harsh and idiotic way . 
  eu institutions dysfunction also meant that europe was always very late to respond to what was happening making the problem worse . 
  the euro is also directly related with balance of payments imbalances and competitiveness gaps in the eu . 
  and these are just a few examples of how the eurozone and eu policies helped create this problem . 
  there are tons more . 
  master turncoat barroso can go fuck himself , i hate that guy and furthermore he 's partly responsible for the current portuguese problems from his time as a politician here . 
  i do n't think that will happen but ... 
  if that so happens i 'll just pack up and leave . 
  it wo n't be bad everywhere at the same time and another benefit of the modern times is that it is a lot easier to go live somewhere else . 
  btw it is quite debatable if the `` dark ages '' were indeed a time when things stopped improving and i would say your other examples fit into `` local lows '' . 
  if you want a time of true regression i think you have to go as back as the burning of the library of alexandria . 
  it may seem that way . 
  however if you look at the big picture and remove local lows . 
  the human condition has never stopped improving . 
  never . 
  you may think things are bad , but we are on the internet , we can read and write in at least 2 languages and i assume we both have n't missed a meal . 
  just a century ago we would have to be very privileged people for anything close . 
  so things can go seriously bad but there 's no reason to think that it 's the only scenario or even that it is likely . 
  one more proof of how dysfunctional europe is . 
  once again we 're hostage to german politics . 
  we need proper ( federal ) europeans institutions ... 
  wow thanks a lot , i feel very flattered . 
  i think it 's more of a rhineland vs hinterland mentality . 
  brits do not identify themselves with large landmasses , it 's a very odd concept for them . 
  their empire was based on projection of force , not in the domination of a continent , like france , central europe 's countries , etc. 
  kept trying to do in europe . 
  i 'd say portugal and spain have much in common in that regard with the uk as our empires were managed similarly . 
  although it 's not as pronounced in our culture as we are n't really an island , just a peninsula with big ass mountains on the border , and we also never had the naval power the uk had although the spanish thought they did for a while . 
  i think brits are misunderstood as having some unhealthy pride because of that sometimes , when actually they are just calling our attention to some of the problems that too much `` continental '' mentality and utopia fixation can bring . 
  in fact , they were very vocal warning us of most of the problems we would get . 
  they were also right .
