  not happy with this at all . 
  this literally means `` our brothers '' for the latin derived languages impaired . 
   later in 2013 , economic activity should gradually recover as global demand strengthens and our accommodative monetary policy stance and significantly improved financial market confidence work their way through the economy . 
  i can guarantee this will not happen . 
  by this time there will be bad news coming from portugal and more countries being dragged into trouble . 
  eurozone policies are crazy and based on ridiculous predictions which reality constantly contradicts . 
  you guys can save this comment and check in october/november who was right . 
  the only chance i 'll be wrong is if the current policies do a 180\u00ba twist . 
  the piigsest the best , better than the rest !, 
   it 's how much people can still buy with what they have left of their net income after having made all regular payments ( disposable income ) -- and those regular payments include rent , credit payments , and insurances . 
  maybe this helps the fucking wankers here who think we do n't pay enough taxes understand why we ca n't fucking pay more taxes . 
  yes , that 's another factor and the reason why you have huge ass monitors with 1920x1080 resolution , aka 1080p/i in the television world . 
  you have ipads which have quite a small screen with a better resolution than this . 
  that this happens is seriously annoying to me . 
  lack of competition could certainly explain it as it is obviously quite easy and feasible to make the bigger monitors have at least the resolution of the smaller ones . 
  have you seen what we pay for fucking cars ? 
  bring me a car !, 
  this seems to help explain why computer monitors still suck and are expensive for what they are . 
  anyone who has n't figured out that [ austerity wo n't work ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qcxr5p3rck ) to solve the european crisis by now , is probably retarded . 
  i think it 's ironic that they 're still hungary . 
  i 'm trying to see your point of view , but this was n't some barbarian throwing acid into a girl 's face because she went to school or a mob enraged with a stupid comic featuring their prophet . 
  this was a bunch of sore loser teens reacting quite violently to a referee decision they disagreed with . 
  i 'm not sure we can associate this with islam or `` mena '' culture . 
  i agree , anyway thanks for teaching us some stuff about linguistics . 
  i mostly only know what i learned in a compilers course a few years ago and my question was directed in such a way i could check i was understanding your explanations correctly . 
  thanks for taking the time . 
  i 'm not a leftist at all , but not everything happens due to race or a dumb part of your upbringing/culture like religion . 
  so are we going to mention christianity or atheism when they commit crimes completely unrelated to that ? 
  i do n't think it 's as relevant , age was certainly a very important factor , social-economic factors are probably relevant too but i could n't find them either . 
  could n't find any source to get the bitcoins . 
  looks like i will need to keep doing austerity . 
  so `` youth '' always means islam in the north ? 
  how is it relevant to this story anyway ? 
  would `` lexical evidence '' instead of `` linguistic evidence '' be all right ? 
  are you suggesting that sending people , who bother me , away is anti-social behaviour ?!, 
  eh i would start to file complaints on all my neighbours being asocial , i do n't like them and i 'd like them to go away . 
   needless to say , not even goldman thinks that kindly asking for greek and spanish workers to take another 30-50 % pay cut is feasible and would lead to anything short of revolution ( and the alternative : asking germany to adopt a wage increase and watch german inflation surge is just as ludicrous ) i do n't really see why the second option is `` just as ludicrous '' , i think it makes a lot more sense . 
  if your companies and country are more productive you should make more money . 
  either way there is no reason why we ca n't do a little bit of both and make both options more palatable , keep some austerity measures in the periphery and do a slightly expansionary policy in the core . 
  it would also be nice if europeans stopped looking at inflation like some sort of boogieman . 
  seriously it 's like people ca n't even think rationally about it . 
  sadly he 's not . 
  sure , but it 's ridiculously unfair for ireland which pretty much only had a bank problem too . 
  it also opens the door for slovenia and cyprus to request the same conditions ( as they should ) . 
  seriously this is some stone age shit right here . 
  yes and if you are using sneakers with them what you should use is ankle socks , something like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yp3la.jpg ) would be fine . 
  unless you 're actually practicing a sport white socks are still unacceptable . 
  do not use white socks . 
  just do n't . 
   the problem is that most drug users live in isolation and do n't want to have to deal with the authorities . 
  we do n't have this specific problem here , since it 's not a crime to be a consumer in portugal . 
  however i thought there could be liquidity problems making it hard for the state and it 's partners to have enough needles and methadone available . 
  i 'm starting to think it 's just better europeans start helping each other out directly if we can , if there are organized ngos inloco , since european politicians do n't seem to care for the tragedies happening in other euro countries . 
  is there some place one can donate to greek needle exchange and methadone programs , this is pretty depressing and a serious problem ? 
  * depression, 
  i completely agree . 
  i loved vw but frankly i do n't see me trusting them again any time soon . 
  faking the emissions denotes a company culture of deceit , this was n't a rogue programmer , a lot of people had to know about this , this is n't something you can fix by just replacing the ceo . 
  and you ca n't jack off !, 
  still , any benefit they lose will increase the spiral to the bottom , beggar thy neighbour , and less consumption/more exports politics going on in europe . 
  i do n't see why europe thinks everyone can have a positive trade balance and all the workers can work for peanuts . 
  who the hell is going to buy our shit ? 
  are we going to sell to martians or something ? 
  any move the fins make to improve their competitiveness will be followed , no matter how many years it lags , by moves by countries that compete with them for the same fdi . 
  i ca n't understand why europe does n't work together to solve these problems instead of constantly putting country against country in a never ending death spiral . 
  i think that 's why people are losing faith in europe , the eu clearly is not working for the people 's best interest . 
  i think his comment was meaningful to the discussion as it sarcastically shows the hypocrisy in / r/europe during the financial crisis . 
  well it 's an english acronym , i 've certainly seen a lot of fins using it here and if i search fin news sites i can find comments and others using it . 
  anyway , i 'm not saying the racism came from the fins specifically but from europeans in general . 
  you think that people considering acceptable to call us pigs is not racist ? 
  no it did actually happen : http://www.irishtimes.com/news/finland-holds-off-on-backing-eu-bailout-for-portugal-1.568111, 
   our problems are ca n't be compared to yours , so do not try to compare them in some perverted sense of pleased irony . 
  ahahah portuguese do exactly the same , we keep saying that we 're not greece and that our problems have nothing to do with theirs . 
  every country had problems in different ways , portugal 's problems are not the same as greece or ireland , and certainly not the same as finland . 
  what is common amongst these countries is that they have no way to properly deal with their problems inside the euro straitjacket . 
  which is very ironic given how much finland criticized countries , like mine , that simply started showing the problems earlier . 
  in fact people were borderline racist ( as if being from the mediterranean is a race ) calling us pigs and worse . 
  ohh well ... maybe we can start actually fixing the problems in the eurozone now that we have nordic people actually displaying the same problems . 
  still better than your unbathed armpits !, 
  not by much , the general population is at 12 % . 
  which seems like a horrible number until you consider that in 1960 we only had 49.065 people with a college degree . 
  so the exodus is pretty well distributed throughout the population . 
  i actually do n't . 
  but it was what it said in the article . 
  i think it would be better to call them the `` main european economies '' instead of central countries . 
  in portugal 1 billion is 10 ^ 12 , not 10 ^ 9 so that may explain why the poster did this . 
  my quick attempt at translating . 
  qualified emigration has grown 87.5 % between 2001 and 2011 ( even though only 11 % of the emigrants have a college degree ) . 
  the crisis was the great trigger : 4/5 of the individuals in the sample have left the country after 2008 . 
  qualified emigrants are mostly young people ( 89.6 % ) and holders of post-graduate degrees ( 74.5 % ) . 
  about a third of the sample is made of people with training in stem fields . 
  qualified emigration transfers workers to the central countries : uk , germany , france , ... 6 . 
  these flows have an effect on employment : 36.1 % of them were unemployed in portugal , vs 3.8 % in the destination country . 
  earnings increase significantly : over 70 % had a salary below 1000 $ in portugal , while over half the individuals has a salary above 2000 $ in the destination country . 
  having a fulfilling career where they feel realized professionally is the reason to emigrate for 95.4 % . 
  most of the inquired see themselves as emigrants `` for life '' on the current country or in other european countries ( 61.7 % and 68.9 % ) . 
  according to the model used by the team , the cost to portugal of this brain drain is 10.312.500.000 $ . 
  over 10 billion euros . 
  i do n't understand why this outrages people . 
  if i had to flee my country due to war , i would not stay in a refugee camp in the first country i managed to escape to , i would try to go to the country that would give me the best chance to rebuild my life , and that means the one with the most benefits .
