  until that has been achieved , more cuts and more reforms are needed . 
  the economy , with our level of public and private debt , will never start growing again via austerity , maintaining this idea is simply ludicrous and borderline fundamentalist by now . 
   that 's astounding self-respect and dignity for a politician . 
  i do agree . 
  it was basically very similar to the imf admission that this was n't working . 
  however , it 's not so surprising if you emphasize :  finance minister v\u00edtor gaspar , a ** political independent ** he was n't a politician , 
   finance minister v\u00edtor gaspar , a political independent and the man who had been viewed as a guarantor of portugal 's course of austerity measures , plunged the country into a crisis when he resigned two weeks ago . 
  since the government headed by liberal-conservative social democrat pedro passos coelho came into office in june 2011 , gaspar had been in charge of implementing the troika reforms . 
  one of the reasons he decided to resign is that he had lost popular support . 
  in addition , labor unions and , more recently , employer associations have been rebelling against the austerity measures . 
  they conveniently forget to mention the other reason why he resigned . 
  he says the austerity policy he was implementing and that was demanded by the troika is not working , as it is impossible to reach the deficit targets with such a huge crash of internal demand and such a rise in unemployment , both of which had a huge effect on tax returns . 
  he basically said in his resignation letter - i was hired to do one thing . 
  well ... that thing did n't work , and now i have no credibility or political support . 
  full resignation letter for those that know portuguese : http://www.jn.pt/infos/cartadegaspar.pdf, 
  the situations are completely different . 
  oh , i agree , i hope i was not misunderstood as defending the latter option . 
  oecd going to pay for that ? 
   and she will continue for 4 more years , because frankly , her opponent steinbr\u00fcck ( a social demokrat ) does n't have much support look - another democracy forced to pick between the shitty and the less shitty . 
  we 're doing it wrong . 
   i ca n't fathom how she 's held in any regard after the last 5 years of her stewardship of the eu 's downward spiral . 
  because she 's teaching the bad students a lesson !, 
  economics can wait , this is important stuff . 
  it 's unsustainable , it 's the same as saying - europe lends its trading partners 15.8 bn euros in may . 
  the world ca n't have a trade surplus , so either we 're lending for them to buy stuff that will make them more productive and they will eventually pay us back when we run a trade deficit buying that extra production , or they will go bankrupt and we will be doing austerity , bailing out our own banks and people that got rich selling shit to these countries , again . 
  anyway , it 's normal that europe trade surpluses increase as europeans ca n't buy the shit they produce anymore . 
  probably the same reason for bad numbers everywhere , no reason to produce something you do n't have a buyer for . 
  some countries can be more resilient if they have important trade partners that have growing consumption , but basically everyone in europe is sol until we actually address the problems we have . 
   this is mostly people putting of renewing their cars i can tell you this is easily , by many orders of magnitude , the main reason in portugal . 
  it is , but it 's also possible that what seems to be great education is lacking on giving the students critical and analytical thinking tools . 
  a problem i think most education systems in the west share . 
   eur 250 m have been spent for the 116 579 km this does n't seem right as that would be a ridiculously cheap highway and would circle the globe almost 3 times . 
   does anonymous voting get preserved ? 
  yes it does . 
  http://www.vvk.ee/voting-methods-in-estonia/engindex/ as for the source code itself i do n't like it much as it seems a bit like a java programmer just learned python , it lacks documentation and comments and uses empty except blocks ( without specifying the exception ) . 
  using cgi is also kind of ancient . 
  so it would probably take me a couple of hours to actually understand everything . 
  you can see it here : https://github.com/vvk-ehk/evalimine, 
  if you 're referring to the ottomans , here 's an example , 600 portuguese vs 7000 ottomans , almost every single portuguese killed or wounded , still won . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_diu i 'm not exactly sure we actually have a name for this war , i think it 's just the `` portuguese-ottoman rivalry '' which had quite a few battles as they were not happy to lose the silk road monopoly . 
   is the fact that portugal had the first global empire emphasized ? 
  yes , very emphasized , we take a lot of pride in that , as it was a quite dangerous and risky thing to do at the time . 
   i 'm not sure if he was genuinely flustered by portugal 's history or if he was just speechless that an american knew about portugal 's colonial past . 
  both , that was probably why he did n't know how to react , as he certainly was n't expecting it . 
  portuguese do not expect almost anyone in the world to know jack shit about portugal ( it 's not because you were american ) , and you not only knew something , you also touched a nerve . 
  our colonial wars were quite horrible ( they were the main reason of our revolution ) and our decolonization afterwards , imho , even worse . 
   basically we just teach the good things well the wars with the ottomans were basically a good thing , we kicked their asses under extreme numeric inferiority . 
  thank you , have some upvotes . 
  the point of this post was not for you to enumerate everything you were taught , but for you to say what was emphasized and what was left out or partially omitted . 
   which things are emphasized the way our country was created during the `` reconquista '' . 
  our explorer role , much bigger than almost everyone suspects and other country 's history records . 
  the portuguese were the discoverers of a lot of stuff attributed to other nations ' discoverers nowadays , due to the portuguese policy of secrecy , some even think portuguese were the ones who discovered [ australia ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2007/03/21/us-australia-map-idussyd3449720070321 ) . 
   which are covered briefly or left out i do n't actually think we leave much out , we study our slave trade and many other wrongdoings . 
  the exception would be contemporary history , where there 's quite a bit of revisionism when it comes to our 1974 revolution , the behavior of various groups during it , and the horrible way our decolonization took place after it . 
  get out of here with your facts !, 
   they are responsible for the programming languages php and c++ suddenly , i do n't like danes . 
  he also needs to fix those eyebrows, 
  not exactly true , not every bank was as ridiculously leveraged as db . 
  waiting ? 
  it is already happenning . 
  you think deutsche bank had nothing to do with what happened in the periphery ? 
   mercedes says gas y will make your car explode mercedes says it releases a highly toxic gas if burned , not that it makes your car explode . 
  hf is not the same as having loose h around , even in gaseous form . 
  they did n't even ask the opinion of an astrologer ... 
  they clearly are not interested in showing all the sides of this story . 
  true , sadly this kind of things is n't unexpected . 
  still , it 's fucking depressing that this is happening in europe and i 'm glad it 's not happening here yet . 
  clearly the germans need to reduce their wages to become competitive again and export more . 
  my source : http://www.amazon.com/wikinomics-mass-collaboration-changes-everything/dp/b001ue7dc8, 
   hgp forfeited patenting : this was most definitely not the case . 
  ok , they did n't forfeit , but they agreed they could all use them and would n't sue as long as you agreed to do the same . 
  this is exactly the same as if patents did n't exist . 
  that 's complete bullshit . 
  if you do n't research your company will be surpassed by more innovative companies that do research . 
  you also fail to recognize the hinderance effect patents have on research and innovation . 
  without patents theres also a huge incentive to collaborate and share knowledge which also leads to further innovation . 
  this can be seen in open source software but , more relevantly , also in the human genome project which was much quicker than expected thanks to the companies forfeiting the patents and working together . 
  assange is n't even american , how can he be a traitor to the us ? 
  europeans ( and their politicians ) nowadays , seem like the teens in american high school movies . 
  if they smell they are currently slightly better off than you , they immediately trash talk you so the popular kids like them better . 
  sadly , there are no popular kids , and all they manage to do is raise nationalism and show how broken europe is . 
  oddly enough the portuguese government claims it authorized them to go trough , they say they just did n't authorize the landing for refueling they wanted ( for technical reasons they say ) . 
  probably propaganda , `` technical reasons '' my ass . 
   if pt and gr would be able to reform their bureaucacy and make it more efficient , they would have huge investments , because of the comparatively low costs for trained people . 
  its simple economy 101 . 
  portuguese bureaucracy is n't a problem nowadays , we have been reforming it for years now , the justice system is , it takes years to solve any problems you may have , another problem we have is quite high tax rates and energy costs . 
  we 're working to solve these problems but it takes time . 
  but even if we did , it 's ludicrous to think we would become competitive based on low costs for people , as it is n't all that matters , we 're in the periphery so the goods are further away from where they would be sold . 
  proximity to the suppliers is another problem , portugal does n't really have industry clusters , so the parts need to come from far away . 
  we really should n't even be on the euro because we ca n't really compete directly . 
   we could have had massive investments in greece two years ago lolwut ? 
  i did n't see a single country in europe wanting to do that 2 years ago , some countries want investment now , but many are still stubbornly sticking to austerity , even today this would take some convincing . 
  i do n't know of a single portuguese who does n't hate dubbed versions . 
  the only reason a portuguese would see one would be for his very young kids who ca n't read subtitles , and he wo n't be happy about it . 
  my brain broke . 
  dude , everyone knows terrorists love to use gmail and facebook , if you have nothing to hide , you have nothing to fear . 
  we must also spy on meps because we do n't want a terrorist to infiltrate the european parliament just to get 300 euros a day and spend his days inciting acts of terror in facebook . 
  are n't we pretty much in the last resort phase ? 
  in case you have n't noticed the economies in the euro are collapsing one by one . 
   the us like anyother country needs foreign investors ; with the huge debt they have , it \u00b4 s only a matter of time when investors will stop lending money to the country or will lend based on forbidden interest rates .
