  it really is . 
  you just better earn your money before coming here . 
  in short , a great place to retire . 
  maybe we can be europe 's florida or something . 
  there was a reasonable reduction in consumption last year due to the depression ( something like 2-3 % ) , but yeah , mostly what vayl said . 
  shitty weather this year . 
  true . 
  this is basically people being afraid for their future so they are saving . 
  portuguese are very pessimistic right now . 
  with good reason i might add . 
  you may be reading too much tone in my text . 
  it was a heated argument but it was n't meant to be rude . 
   according to which analysis ? 
  well the greeks already lost more than 25 % gdp , ours keeps falling every year . 
  so i would say , according to previous experiences with the troika genious plans . 
  that 's a bunch of bullcrap . 
  poor people do n't live from their savings - they have no savings . 
  they live paycheck to paycheck . 
  what increases inequality is the fact that they have no jobs . 
  the problem is not an overvalued real estate market , the problem is that we are literally experiencing deflation and that we are indebted . 
   when all issues are put into account a fall up to -15 % as the worst case scenario would be possible i do n't think this is a bad outcome at all . 
  troika policies will have a much worse result . 
  the second analysis does not even consider the possibility of an euro exit . 
  the first one does , but it mainly says that it is unknown what would happen and that the effects can not be underestimated . 
  i would n't say either of them completely disagree with an euro exit , they just dismissed taking the possibility seriously . 
  probably because they still want to pay their debts . 
  obviously an euro exit would have a default going along with it . 
  this is really just the beginning . 
  after your economy completely crashes these measures obviously wo n't be enough . 
  for instance , 18 % vat is clearly way too low , and it will be the first thing to be risen after they fail to get enough money from the other measures as vat is one of the easiest ways to get money quickly . 
  there 's really only one way to go now and it 's ^ vv down ^ vv . 
  get used to it or be smart and get out of this union sooner rather than later . 
  it will be horrible either way . 
  outside the euro , at least , you will have some chance of recovering . 
  oh well , they will probably be stealing our deposits next . 
  what should really be feared is huge levels of unemployment which constitute a huge waste of resources . 
  more than ever , inflation is very necessary . 
  if you do n't have real growth you need nominal growth . 
  otherwise everything goes bankrupt . 
  even in abstract terms i support a little bit of inflation . 
  people should not be lazy with their money , money should be used and invested . 
  it 's easy to protect yourself from it by doing so . 
  why not ? 
  i thought it was ok to steal from `` oligarchs '' . 
  ok then stop pretending they are trying to `` help us '' , among other things , solving our competitiveness problem as this would be the fastest way . 
  it would also be good for regular germans as it would mean higher wages relative to other europeans . 
  anyway , if they do n't want to do anything not in their immediate self interest just leave the union already . 
  problem solved . 
  it 's also fair since we had no problem with the ecb lowering interest rates during the dotcom bust to give breathing room to the `` core '' countries . 
  frankly that we have to convince the german populace and are waiting on their elections just shows how dysfunctional this union is . 
   `` if you go back 70 years to solve a problem today , you ca n't do that . 
  so for me and for my family , it 's just stupid . 
  i look at the pictures and i just have to laugh . 
  they are so dumb . 
  really , really dumb and stupid . '', 
  i totally agree with this random german dude . 
  maybe germans could also stop going back 80 years into the past and stop fearing inflation so much . 
  i hate this day so much . 
  it 's not funny ... 
  krugman is absolutely right . 
  it does n't matter , soon this thread will be fillled with - inflation is the devil , krugman is an idiot - arguments . 
  europeans are complete morons who think they know more about economics than krugman because they successfully manage their household 's grocery shopping . 
  pretty disgusting to take photos of someone in their private life . 
  fuck the photographers who do this and the newspapers that publish it . 
  yeah i 'm so shallow . 
  glad you all get to rightly feel as superior hipsters who do n't care . 
  ahahah , well , normal people should feel conflicted sometimes . 
  it 's not a simple world . 
  although , i 'm not exactly defending a male uniform , just a modicum of good taste and not letting your sponsors dress you anyway they like . 
  lol wtf . 
  i seriously did not know this existed in europe . 
  no you do n't understand how europe works . 
  this is great news . 
  you are becoming more competitive . 
  til that , in finland , female repellent clothes are considered gorgeous . 
  are you seriously trying to defend this attire ? 
   well , they composed a budget for 2012 which would make the deficit below 3 % . 
  there 've been numerous cuts throughout public spending , and the deficit is still 4.1 % . 
  looks like someone miscalculated their multipliers for you too or , more likely , like all european governments . 
  your budget was based on way too optimistic predictions . 
  because , you know , we would be getting out of the crisis in 2013 right . 
  we 're in the middle of a great depression it 's normal to have some deficit . 
  if europe stopped having an idiotic monetary policy already we could actually be fine with it . 
  anyway even without that your government is still perfectly fine . 
  i 'm not sure what do people want with this latest string of news on france , belgium and the netherlands . 
  maybe sch\u00e4uble wants to restructure you guys too . 
  this was n't exactly cheating . 
  the accounting methodology changed . 
  there have been a lot of changes to it since this crisis started . 
  lots of things that were n't counted are now counted . 
  it 's one of the only good things that have come out of this crisis to be honest . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i thought northerners did n't even bath . 
  how is that water getting dirty !, 
  are you counting debt forgiveness ? 
  it would also reduce their competitiveness because their energy would be more expensive . 
  their problems would be bigger . 
  have you looked at the patterns in their tea leaves ? 
  i was hoping you had a recipe to make chicken soup without adding water . 
  1 million euros .
