  more euro countries going down or starting austerity is not good in the least for us . 
  * principle, 
  might be cultural , their culture might have less of a tendency for depressions . 
  the kind of weather you get can also be important , just a little bit of sunshine once in a while can be worse than no sunshine as it gives just the little bit of energy depressed people needed to finally do it . 
  no free lunches ? 
  to be fair the scandinavians have been generous to us in the past , specially norway , and they have gifted to us quite generously before ( see efta `` portugal fund '' which started as a loan and ended up being gifted after a bunch of postponements ) . 
  today their sovereign funds are also helping in many ways . 
  hopefully some day we will be able to return the favour . 
   such an opportunity undoubtedly comes along only once in a lifetime . 
  for nearly ten years , a deluge of loans flooded into southern europe . 
  this money could have been used to build the foundations of self-sustaining economic growth -- if investments had been made in infrastructure , in the overhaul of the state , in consolidating entire segments of industry or in education . 
  instead , it was thrown out the window . 
  yep , we did n't invest in any of those things * at all * . 
  it 's much more fun to throw money out the window and watch it slowly fall like helicopter seeds . 
  everyone should try it !, 
  the ideal height is on the third floor of a building , you can get bonus points if your euros land on trees thus making them money trees . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  we had perfectly good full african slaves that we bought from other africans they were at war with and enslaved by ( of course we did promote some of these wars to get more slaves and sell weapons , but still , we did not get them trough genocide ) . 
  do note that at the time this was happening it was pretty much common for prisoners of war to be made slaves , and there were slaves from pretty much all nationalities . 
  portugal had african , chinese , japanese , indian and european slaves . 
  portugal was also one of the first countries to abolish slavery on the mainland in 1761 . 
  either way , i do n't want to defend portuguese or british colonialism but your comparison to hitler is ridiculous . 
  almost all constitutions can be changed by the parliaments that made them ( with a few hurdles ) . 
  are there any that ca n't ? 
  in portugal they can change it with a 2/3 vote in favour of the change and a few more formalities involving the president and usually the constitutional court . 
  * [ iberian peninsula ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iberian_peninsula ) i agree with boq seems to be the uk on the right . 
  really ? 
  portuguese have never committed genocide . 
   the people of argentina have a rightful claim to these resources they had , but they sold it , now they 're basically stealing it back , and you support it ? 
  so let me get this straight . 
  i sell you part of my family farm , later my son decides to forcibly take the land from you , for a fraction of the price because it belongs to the radaways , and you think this is appropriate ? 
  now only an idiot would do business in that banana republic . 
   ( why is this being upvoted anyway ? 
  because that 's not * at all * what the article says . 
  so why are n't we nationalizing everything argentinians own in europe ? 
  seems fair to me . 
  if they do n't own anything , i suggest we pillage buenos aires . 
  i do n't think he denies the crisis started in the us . 
  however germany not accepting any inflation and therefore forcing the others into deflation certainly is n't helping europe . 
  this seems like not just fun for the locals , but also a great tourist attraction , i bet it more than pays for itself between the event and the festivities around it . 
  another strategy , you might prefer , would be the greeks stopping to spend money or investing in anything and going back to subsistence agriculture . 
  then they can pay their debt using turnips . 
  frankly , i do n't think it matters because it is associated with a region . 
  the same way we do n't call madeira a port ( yes i know they 're different , but it is another fortified wine ) . 
  it 's something traditionally made somewhere , it makes sense to me that people from that region , that do it traditionally , should have the trademark . 
  silly greeks with their athenian ways , they should just let europe decide who rules them like italy . 
  everyone can always produce and sell everything . 
  it 's just a naming issue . 
  you could make wine that is very similar to port wine , you just could not call it port wine if you were making it in sweden . 
  furthermore , we would equate what we call president more with what they call king , so the confusion multiplies . 
  not funny , out of context quote , and 9gag ... what a quality submission . 
  i 'm all for bad mouthing communism but cuba is really a poor case study because of the stupid embargo and you confused by whom each korea is supported by . 
   but i 'm pretty certain it 's no higher than that of any similarly poor group . 
  you 're quite wrong , in portugal for instance the percentage of gypsies that are in jail is higher than any other group and much much higher than the general population . 
  take note that we gave them houses and give minimum guaranteed income to 35k of them ( almost all our gypsies ) , and that has produced no effect . 
  keep in mind that many people in countries with a lot of gypsies had terrible experiences with them . 
  i personally did n't apart from some annoying begging , but i heard countless stories of friends who are doctors and are afraid to take care of gypsies because their families might decide to spank them at any time ( it has happened ) , or teachers who ca n't say anything to the gypsy student or their family will come to the school and kick their asses . 
  i also know of people who live in buildings where gypsies bought a home with the only purpose of extorting money from everyone in the building or the construction company ( who wo n't be able to sell any more homes ) by making life there a living hell until they pay them to leave by buying their house with a big premium . 
  i could tell you many such stories that , at least here , happen daily and 99 % of the time with this particular group of people . 
  they have a strong culture of `` us vs them '' / `` gypsy vs gaje '' , while they have to be honest and good towards a gypsy their culture says it 's ok to scam/rob a gaje , and that makes them quite a lot more problematic . 
  i agree they refuse to integrate , try and marry a romani girl and see what happens . 
  they do not let a romani girl marry someone who is n't one . 
  their social exclusion is clearly self-imposed . 
  that does n't mean , of course , that we do n't discriminate them like we tend to do to any group which behaves that way . 
  still , i can sort of understand why historically they could do that . 
  they were pretty much nomads going from town fair to town fair , selling stuff and doing odd jobs like agricultural seasonal jobs . 
  they had no need to integrate . 
  their lifestyle is gone with the wind but it takes time to change a culture , so instead many of them adapted to becoming itinerant beggars and being petty criminals . 
  i think recently things have been getting better ( at least here ) they are very slowly integrating , hopefully in a few decades it wo n't be a problem anymore . 
  i guess it 's easier in countries like portugal that only have around 50k romani people , maybe less . 
   with one in 100 children not reaching their first birthday wow this is truly a tragedy . 
  this is n't just below average , it 's an order of magnitude below average . 
  holy shit . 
  those doctors wages might suck but they 're truly the scum of the earth as nothing excuses letting someone die because they did n't bribe you . 
  this is fixable btw , portugal had similar death rates ( they were n't caused by doctors refusing treatment without bribes but they were in the same ballpark ) in the 1990 's and we fixed it . 
  of course the price of labor is not the only factor - i do n't think i implied it was - but , the other factors remaining equal , it does count . 
  eli5 = `` explain like i 'm 5 '' there 's actually a subreddit for it and it 's interesting sometimes . 
  eli5 version most of the others are doing some form of austerity which means , at best , no pay raises . 
  the private sector usually mimics what the public sector does , in this case the raise is big enough that , even if they do n't mimic it completely , it will probably have an effect . 
  german wages will then become higher relative to the other euro countries ergo they become more competitive in terms of attracting businesses . 
  nah you go into debt :p get with the times dude . 
  great for everyone really . 
  private sector will probably have some raise too . 
  consumption will improve ( buy our shit please ) and at the same time the other european countries just got more competitive . 
  this is very good news . 
  you should teach literature !, 
  i just do n't find much of anything funny about the clusterfuck that 's happening in europe . 
  another interpretation could 've been that it was germany 's fault , which i find quite debatable ; i 'm going to stick with yours because i like it more and it gives us reasons to praise spiegel on balanced reporting . 
  because ? 
  well i disagree . 
  that is not the traditional definition . 
  the traditional definition is in fact based on features like the ones i mentioned . 
  otherwise it would n't even make sense to have a mongoloid race or a caucasian race as there are many different populations with differences amongst them . 
  no it 's not . 
  my point is exactly that `` race '' in the traditional sense ( basically the colour of someone 's skin or having an epicanthic fold ) is not a good predictor of absolutely anything , while populations in the sense of a group of people living in the same region for many generations certainly is . 
   there are also many diseases that vary in incidence between different races i 'd change this to `` there are also many diseases that vary in incidence between different ** populations ** '' as this happens also between groups of people that are supposedly the same race . 
  asides from the skin colour which is extremely important due to vitamin d there really is n't that much more difference . 
  there 's an argument to be made that there are no human races . 
  just like a black labrador is from the same race as a brown one . 
  humans differ by very very little genetically between themselves , pick 2 humans from opposite sides of the globe and they will differ less than 2 chimps living in the same small group .
