  said one european diplomat . 
  i wholeheartedly agree . 
  a few millions may be peanuts in the grand scheme of things , but it shows the lack of respect for the taxpayer 's money these gentlemen have . 
   `` those who protest against austerity measures do not have any realistic and possible alternative scenarios , '' he said . 
  that 's totally true , because there are no possible alternative scenarios ( apart from a terrible default and exit from the euro ) at the country level , the only way to end austerity is with europe wide measures . 
  a [ poisson ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poisson_distribution ) of portuguese this would reflect the way they arrive and would give you a way of calculating with some confidence what would be the size of the poisson an hour later than the supposed time . 
  `` officially '', 
  yes i understood that was the assumption , it does n't matter . 
  i was talking about european taxpayers btw . 
  well the taxpayers should since apparently they have to always save the banks , when the debtor defaults as a constant trade deficit is unsustainable , the taxpayer will have to rescue the banks who were lending to support the trade surplus . 
  in the mean time the owners of the factories for the products got paid , the banks get their loans paid , and the taxpayer gets shafted . 
  the result seems to me to be ever growing inequality . 
  so we should all care really . 
  why do you think the periphery complains that this is a veiled rescue of , among others , german banks . 
  so , who is going into debt now to finance this trade surplus ? 
   exports from greece and portugal , where years of credit-fuelled imports if you have a trade surplus , you also have credit-fuelled exports . 
  the world , can not have a trade surplus . 
  it 's like we 're in the worst phase of mercantilism , except since we ca n't have tariffs and we ca n't devalue currency , all we can do is to make people so miserable they will not be able to buy foreign stuff . 
  that was not a peaceful protest anymore , it was n't being a peaceful protest for hours . 
  what are parents doing with their children there , it 's completely irresponsible . 
  so the police should have just stayed there being stoned and letting people destroy the sidewalk ? 
   you 're not worthy of your country 's flag . 
  you 're not the one who deems who 's worthy and you 're a divisive douchebag for even saying that . 
  so according to you , police provocateurs were throwing rocks at the other policemen for hours ? 
  the police also warned that they were going to charge a few minutes in advance , why did n't the peaceful protesters leave then ? 
  police are human beings too , are they supposed to just stand there being attacked forever ? 
  if anything our police showed incredible restraint if you ask me . 
  as it should be as it 's their job , but still praiseworthy . 
  finally if you stick around with children and old people in a protest that has turned violent you 're a fucking dumbass . 
  that protest had turned violent as soon as the main unions protests were over , they were throwing rocks and destroying stuff for hours , what the fuck are these women , children and old people doing staying there . 
  it was obvious how it was going to end . 
   i 'm all for using this to force some countries to clean up their act . 
  that 's the narrative , however , there 's absolutely no guarantees that austerity will reduce corruption . 
  in fact it can backfire horribly and actually increase it as bureaucrats , policemen and other underpaid state officials become ever more susceptible to bribes and make them a consistent supplement of their monthly income . 
  this creates a culture of corruption in the general population that has to deal with them . 
  the damage can be long lasting too , in portugal you now have the first generations of working age people , where almost all of them have never bribed anyone and for whom doing so is inconceivable . 
  the prolonging of this austerity may completely ruin that and make bribing and corruption a daily part of our lives again . 
  the politicians defending austerity , tell you that it will clean up our act , but they do n't really care about that as in the twisted economic views , of many of them , bribes actually make an economy more efficient . 
  why do n't they just block googlebot if they think google is stealing from them . 
  it is quite easy , all you need is a robots.txt , and if you want you can even block just for google news with : user-agent : googlebot-news disallow : / i know they 're journalists but it 's really not that hard . 
  i am at the european ( federal ? ), 
  level and backed by the ecb , not at the state level . 
  it 's particularly dumb if your state 's economy is so small that any hiccup on your neighbour can erase your stimulus \u2713 and if that state would never have enough money to do a big enough stimulus anyway \u2713, 
  eheh damn i hate that guy , and apparently he missed the 2002 memo . 
  the euro straitjacket ^ tm forcing countries to make bugdets like they were a family grocery shopping since 2002, 
  i agree with most of what you said . 
  i will just add a few points . 
   that 's simply not the case for portugal yet . 
  things are not improving quite the contrary . 
   when the truth is the best strategy for every country with any chance of not defaulting is always between the two i agree , however , the european and troika policies are only doing austerity , and quite ravenously . 
   the debt is n't infinite , as soon as it 's at managable levels then you can stop being austere and get the economy growing again . 
  that 's just not true , you do know how interest rates and exponential functions work , right ? 
  it 's perfectly possible for a debt to reach a level where it will grow infinitely and there 's nothing you can do about it , arguably portugal is very close to that position . 
  the rest of your post is the same thing that has been repeated over and over by austerity proponents , austerity does not restore confidence , what restores confidence is growth . 
  no one cares how much your debt is as long as you grow and the interest rates are low . 
  what takes confidence away from investors is deflation , recession and ever lowering demand , which is what we have now . 
  i do agree portugal is doing a reasonable job implementing austerity , the problem is that it 's making things worse , our debt to gdp is only getting worse and worse and progressively more unsustainable . 
  however , what i want is not so much to end the austerity in portugal as it is to end it in europe . 
  so because someone , somewhere far away and years ago , mistreated them , they are now entitled to everything , here . 
  got it !, 
  look you jackass , the european union is not all the same country yet , and even if it was it would n't matter . 
  we , in our country/state , did not do those things . 
   centuries of stigmatisation and oppression ? 
  this does not cause ptsd to an individual that did not live trough those centuries . 
  their behaviour may follow the same pattern , but i do n't see any psychological excuse for it , it 's just their culture . 
  prediction : due to recession state budgets get unbalanced , more austerity , more recession \u21ba, 
   when you 're dealing with a minority that has , in effect , collective ptsd i can understand some of your points , but that is the biggest bullshit i 've ever seen . 
  ptsd is not cultural or inherited . 
  where are they getting their ptsd from ? 
  minimum schooling level is mandatory for every children in portugal , if it 's coercion it is coercion for everyone . 
  they actually got a better deal than most because they received extra subsidies for sending their children to school , you know , doing what is the law . 
  for the benefit of our fellow europeans . 
  `` passos escuta , o povo est\u00e1 em luta '' `` passos listen , the people are fighting '' ( fighting as in , fighting against a policy ) `` passos escuta , \u00e9s um filho da puta '' `` passos listen , you 're a son of a bitch/motherfucker '' ( i 'd say even stronger than these two expletives ) both portuguese versions rhyme . 
  passos coelho is our prime minister . 
  we tried all kinds of subsidies , free housing , forcing them to put their children in school , etc. 
  with very little success . 
  their culture makes them extremely resistant to integration and having a normal job/life . 
  otherwise gypsies would n't even exist anymore given how few their numbers are , they would have already been dissolved by europeans . 
  anyway , let 's see if it works there . 
  the carrot approach certainly did n't work here . 
  i was n't so much associating these particular rioters as i was the slowly increasing level of violence . 
  although , i do n't think it 's the same to riot over economic , european and government policies as it is over a football game . 
  i do think the former is strongly correlated with the policies , they were n't just rioting , they were rioting for a reason . 
  obviously i do n't support rioting , but thinking it will go away by just arresting a few hooligans , a scenario your hypothesis seems to support , when the reasons for the riot are ever increasing , seems very optimistic to me . 
  there will always be people , maybe not as smart as you and i , that see no way out ; they will riot while that is the case . 
  it 's important to note that the violence and police charge occurred quite a long time after the main protest was already over . 
  the remaining protesters attacked the police for a very long time by among other things , throwing rocks from the sidewalk . 
  the police also warned them that they would charge 5 minutes before doing so . 
  anyway , it clearly has nothing to do with the main `` pan-european '' protest who was peaceful as always and was already over . 
  i think this is slightly different from the violence that happened in spain and greece . 
  i would n't call them `` anarchists '' though , since they really have no philosophy , and i do n't think we have `` anarchists '' here anyway , a more accurate term would be `` disenfranchised youth '' . 
  this is sadly all to be expected , as people grow more and more desperate , and see no light at the end of the tunnel , some of them are going to do stupid things . 
  trust me , everyone here is already feeling the impact of austerity quite hard , talking about it every day , and convinced it wo n't work . 
  if they want people , that are n't feeling it yet , to feel it they can always go ruin the traffic in the core countries . 
  they are calculated by assuming half the workers are going on strike and that portugal has a gross value added per working day of around 560 millions . 
  so it 's not a very exact number but it gives you a ballpark . 
  yes , that 's the main reason why i , in principle , disagree with strikes ; there are many other ways to do it without ruining us further . 
  just to get an idea of how big the damage is , in portugal the people that strike are also the ones that complain the most about the submarines we bought from germany . 
  2 days of general strike and you could pay for one submarine with the economic damage . 
  it is insane to cause this amount of damage to a country in our situation .
