  yeah because fucking the regular joe 's life by making the public transports not work really brings the public opinion towards your union 's viewpoint . 
  in portugal each general strike costs around 280 millions . 
  i 'm guessing it 's more in many other countries . 
  i can understand the reason people want to protest but ca n't you guys do it on a weekend or in some other way that does n't contribute to our current hellhole . 
  oh great , so by early 2013 everybody is going to be in a recession , what a major fail . 
  good job european politicians . 
  fucking brilliant . 
  i can actually agree with most of that . 
  i would n't mind austerity ( particularly if it 's well done ) in my country as i think we do need it , although i would still rather be doing it not during a depression . 
  but , only if it was coupled with some of the emu measures you 're talking about that at least would give it a small chance of succeeding . 
   so you consider not being able to find a job `` stealing someone 's future '' to clarify , i was thinking particularly of youths that will be unemployed for years never having any work experience before , making it very hard for them to ever get it . 
  in my country 's case it could be worse , if we were n't so quick to emigrate , but if you look at spain it is profoundly worrisome . 
   anyway , this is depressing as fuck . 
  fuck this shit . 
  could n't have said it better myself . 
  very sorry mate . 
  you make some interesting points . 
  i do n't have time to respond to all of them as i 've just spent more time than i wanted answering triceratopos . 
  one thing you do n't seem to be considering though is that the state and the government is not the only problem . 
  the private sector is hugely , even more than the government , indebted ; and deleveraging as quickly as it can . 
  so i do n't see how any economic activity can occur if the state is doing the same as no one has money to do any business . 
  particularly if this is happening in all the countries around you and there are no foreign investors in sight . 
   given no shocks , such as social meltdown , assuming that a spiral of doom will take place until infinity after the capital hemorrhage from the periphery is dealt with is n't a sound preposition . 
  there are no equilibriums when you 're dealing with an exponential function such as the one caused by our debt and interest rates . 
  there is no reason at all to expect the capital hemorrhage from the periphery to stop until , the periphery defaults . 
   a default would just mean that your standard of living would plummet to similar lows achievable at the height of austerity . 
  sure , but then it would get better . 
  with the current austerity then it only gets worse . 
  have you not seen the 0.9-1 .7 multiplier calculated by the imf for austerity ? 
  the math is out , the current path only leads to higher and higher debt to gdp ratio , this means that there will be no equilibrium . 
   inflation is a tax on savers and on the lower strata of the population , it helps corrupt and profligate institutions the most at the expense of those who hold cash ( pro-tip : while the rich hold assets , the poor tend to hold cash ) . 
  i do n't know where do you live , but where i live the poor have no cash , are probably indebted and now they do n't even have a job , the rich have assets but they 've used them as collateral , the assets devalued and now the rich are a huge burden on the banks . 
  i do n't see any losers here . 
  the only losers with inflation are relatively rich people who do n't use their savings in a productive way , and frankly i 'm ok with that . 
  another potential loser are worker wages , but given that this would also lead to less unemployment ( as the economy picks up thanks to quicker and easier deleveraging ) this would probably not be a problem . 
  it would certainly have less of an effect than the huge unemployment we 're facing . 
  what is akin to stealing is keeping the current path , you are stealing people of their prospects , their pensions ( which with so many unnemployed the state can no longer pay ) , and for many unemployed youth their very future . 
  you are also stealing countries by means of fire sale of important and profitable infrastructures and companies . 
   the us is not comparable to either the ez or any country under bailout , even without monetary policy restrictions . 
  the us is very comparable to the ez or at least should be a model to follow , as they 're a monetary zone that actually works . 
   you still could n't sell it to the electorate . 
  this is n't really an argument since many things that the electorate does n't want are actually good and vice versa . 
  anyway i do n't believe it . 
  you can sell anything you want to the electorate as is proven by the many misconceptions around this crisis . 
  all you need to do is to start spreading the narrative of the horrible collapse the world will have if we do n't do it . 
  furthermore , at least this would actually solve the problem , unlike what we are doing . 
  there 's clearly something wrong with reddit various caching mechanisms , some of my comments today took hours to appear . 
   so , at the portuguese level , you do agree that we must continue with austerity , right ? 
  or do you think that we should default and end this once and for all ? 
  i 've already said it more than once . 
  at the portuguese level , we have to start seriously considering defaulting and exiting the euro unless the eurozone changes course . 
  because austerity is no solution , it makes things slowly worse while keeping us afloat with foreign loans , eventually the loaners will see things are even worse than when the `` rescue '' started and then we will have to default and exit the euro anyway . 
  might as well do it now than when things are much worse after more 5 years of austerity . 
  the only reason we have to stay right now is the hope that the eurozone will change course . 
  that is also the only reason i have n't been advocating more for this . 
   portugal has a debt to gdp growth over 100 % and the economy is stagnant . . how can we ignore this ? 
  how could this not be our # 1 priority ?? 
  the economy is stagnant because of the austerity policies being followed not just by us , but by many of our main trading partners in europe . 
  if it were just us , we might actually be doing ok . 
  the united states after wwii had a much higher debt to ratio than that , yet they not only came out of the war with the great depression problem solved but they also paid that debt . 
  and yes , i 'm all for inflation , europeans apparently think inflation is a moral or ethical problem , i do n't see it . 
  how is it acceptable for states to bailout banks , but inflation who also helps the people that are having problems , is n't ? 
  how is it acceptable to have 25 % unemployment but inflation is n't ? 
  we would n't have much inflation anyway , the eurozone could easily print at least as much as the us did since we are a bigger economy . 
   investing in a 150 % public debt to gdp ratio is much less appealing than it would if it was a 50 % or 5 % ratio i do n't see that effect , as long as there is growth and the interest rates are low , that just does n't happen . 
  you know how you can get growth and low interest rates ? 
  you get eurobonds and let the central banks do their fucking jobs instead of being in a euro standard straight jacket . 
  the eurobonds/federation will take time , but the rest europe could easily be doing right now . 
  there 's really no solution at the portuguese level since we do n't control our currency or much of anything . 
  at the portuguese level we must either default or continue doing whatever austerity is asked of us . 
  at the european level however things could be done very differently . 
  public debt should ideally not be tackled at all during a depression in which a huge private sector deleveraging is underway . 
  there should be huge stimulus programs , monetize the costs for them if needed . 
  if we do n't break this feedback loop one by one eurozone nations will fall . 
  keep the austerity measures that make sense in the troubled countries if you want ( the structural reforms , not the raised taxes ) . 
  we can tackle the public debt once the eurozone economy is growing again and the private sector has deleveraged . 
  trying to tackle private and public sector debt at the same time is insane . 
  * spain, 
   yes , and we ca n't blame them for them . 
  austerity is n't the root of our problems and it was us that seek them when the shit hit the fan and who deliberately agreed to the conditions they gave us if we accepted their help , which we did . 
  i agree with the rest of your post but i disagree with this paragraph . 
  our situation is certainly our fault , given how fragile , inefficient and exposed our economy was , however it 's not just our situation it 's europe 's situation , we 're just one of the mine canaries . 
  we are not the only troubled country and we may have structural problems but so does europe . 
  also austerity , as it 's currently applied , may not be the root of our problems but it is compounding our problems , as i think we agreed in our multiplier argument another day . 
  the way europe chose to deal with this crisis was not the only one and germany was certainly one of it 's most staunch defenders and pretty much the leader of the union . 
  given that , without a change of course in europe , spray and pray austerity and raising taxes is , as you correctly say , all we can do unless we want to default . 
  it 's fair in my opinion to at least partially blame germany . 
  as what is needed is a strategy for the eurozone , structural reforms of the eurozone , not this delaying , and making it worse , we have been doing . 
  anyway , as more and more countries get ( sadly ) dragged into this , the policy will have to change , and maybe merkel wo n't mind saying she was wrong after the elections . 
   again , we still have the chance of telling them to fuck off and that we do n't need them , though things would be much worse on our end we must certainly not forget this . 
  if europe does n't change course , we keep destroying value the way we have been doing , and going farther away from any chance of sustainability , this may be our only course of action and , if it is to be , the sooner the better . 
  people keep saying it would be much worse on our end but i 'm not so sure anymore . 
  i think what would be much worse is having to do it anyway after 5 years of austerity and fire sales . 
  that law is retarded and totally imbalanced . 
  frankly i do n't know who would go into debt with a contract that so ridiculously favors one of the parts . 
   sons/daughters of the people who asked for a mortgage it seems your law is more retarded than i thought . 
  probably they confused it with australia , everyone knows you ca n't trust the damn aussies . 
  every day , every single day , people kill themselves due to evictions both here and in spain . 
  someone decides to make news of 2 of them and they make populist changes . 
  statistics are n't even necessary , anyone who knows lawyers , officers of the court , or policemen , who have to evict people , knows this is true .
