  we do n't need to control our waters either . 
  we really do n't need any of this stuff if you do n't mind americans ruling over you and deciding what you get . 
  this video has 2 years . 
  here 's a [ link for a youtube version from 2010 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oc1lzmg1ema ) . 
  i pretty much hate religion and this kind of idiotic behaviour but there 's no need to make it seem more common than it really is . 
  imf is going bipolar or something . 
  they admit austerity is n't working for portugal and then say - does n't matter ; need to squeeze more . 
  the government makes these `` mistakes '' , because they do n't have time to do it right if they 're to achieve the deficit targets they 've agreed with the troika . 
  seriously , there 's no solution for our country unless europe changes course . 
  it is , in terms of [ climate ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mediterranean_climate ) . 
  not sure that 's what he had in mind though . 
  ahh in portugal if you earn around 240k a year you 're already paying close to 70 % . 
  yes , that did happen , and it was stupid . 
  i did say there has been some violence but , overall , things have been relatively mild . 
  i sincerely believe that , excluding some incidents like that one , our police has been behaving quite exemplary , otherwise the violence would be much much greater as resentment against the police grew . 
  quite right , this is more than a solvency crisis , this is mostly a monetary crisis . 
  to be fair the current government did n't exactly have much room to maneuver due to our agreement with troika that had very hard demands from us in it . 
  we either followed it or we could do a greece and only pretend we were going to . 
  we actually followed it and the results are visible , i think we 're going with the pretend route next year , anyone can see that what we say we will do , and what is asked of us , is impossible . 
  i actually think it 's a good thing we have followed the agreement with the troika as strictly as we could until now , at least it is now obvious to the world , that the policies themselves are stupid and wrong , it 's not just that greece is not implementing them right ( so they could work somewhere else ) . 
  it just sucks that we had to be the test subject for this idiotic policy . 
  once merkel gets home - `` no , that 's not exactly what we 've agreed , please carefully read the text of the agreement . '', 
  i love that our escalation is getting naked on the protest eheh . 
  there has been a little violence on the protests but it has thankfully been quite limited , i attribute that to our police being a lot more restrained than greek or spanish police . 
  for instance , you can see in the photos that the police was n't even wearing riot gear in the beginning , and they only got into it after the protesters escalated by insisting that they were actually going to invade the parliament . 
  this is how it should be done , police should n't be the ones to escalate things . 
  i 'm not saying we do n't have our incidents where police is stupid and violent ( it has already happened in some austerity protests ) , but this is their usual modus operandi and greek and spanish police forces could take a hint from it . 
  that said , people are getting dangerously angry and anxious , you can notice it in everyday stuff like in the traffic , the supermarket queue or your local caf\u00e9 . 
  so i do n't know for how much longer will our protests be relatively peaceful . 
  that 's pretty much the problem with europe today . 
  european institutions are weak and today 's european politicians only care about the self-interest of their own backyard . 
  yeah banking institutions do n't need better supervision , what needs better supervision are state budgets by an idiot like olli rehn . 
  ffs of course state budgets need more and better supervision if we are to actually form an economic union , but so do banks mr. sch\u00e4uble , so do banks ... 
  particularly banks like many of yours that actually helped create this crisis . 
  direct democracy is in my opinion a joke . 
  i 'd like it better if you had linked : [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liquid_democracy] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liquid_democracy ) which in my opinion may actually work , since one could delegate questions , like the nuclear which we argued here , to an energy expert one did trust . 
  for instance , you could delegate stuff like software patents to your friend in the it field . 
  [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ochlocracy] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ochlocracy ), 
  in many states , particularly in the bible belt , the majority of the population would undoubtedly vote for it . 
  furthermore , the system that you 're proposing would in fact be a dictatorship of the majority or mobocracy and would create a horrible place to live anywhere where it would be actually implemented . 
  there 's a reason why we do n't like mob justice . 
  so according to your way of thinking creationism should be taught in many states ' schools in the us as the majority of their populations thinks that 's what should be done . 
  yeah that would be great . 
   what soros proposes would destroy the european union , and probably cause massive unrest in the whole european continent . 
  you really do n't know that , what you would know if you were n't out of touch with reality yourself is that both those things are already happening . 
  i do n't see any of these two solutions happening , even the relatively easy way of implementing the second one by printing , so only one other way out remains . 
  portugal and the others will have to leave the euro and default or change the denomination on euro denominated debt , germany and it 's satellites can do whatever they want with the `` euro '' if they still want to call it that . 
  spain if it 's smart will leave the euro before crushing austerity completely destroys their economy like it happened in greece and is happening in portugal . 
  have no doubt , what we are currently doing is only widening the rift between southerners and the others , it is not fixing anything , quite the contrary . 
  portugal for instance has already committed to an impossible budget next year , approved by the commission of course . 
  it will show to be impossible quite early and we will need a second bailout , more impossible austerity measures and crazy targets will be demanded to give it to us ( when what was needed is a much longer timeframe to adjust ) and the spiral of destruction will continue . 
  it 's going to suck anyway but anything is better than being stuck doing what we are doing now . 
  the funny thing is , that both solutions soros proposes would be better for everyone , as germans and the others will have to ( in some way , they could nationalize them too ) bailout their banks when this happens and they would n't have to do so in either of soros solutions and his solutions would mostly keep the eu project on the good track which i find good . 
  do you feel the need for a referendum on what should be the quality of the drinking water ? 
  a need for referendums on how our trash gets dealt with ? 
  a need for referendum on various acceptable pollution levels ? 
  a need for referendum on whether we should have the much more damaging coal plants ? 
  a need for referendums on what measures should be taken to insure food safety ? 
  a need for referendums on the mortality levels we accept when we design our roads ? 
  a need for referendums on building codes concerning earthquake safety ? 
  no , you do n't know jack shit about these ( much simpler ) things and you 're happy to let experts decide for you , yet somehow you feel that you 're perfectly qualified to decide our long term energy strategy along with the rest of the mob . 
   how is this politically relevant ? 
  it 's exactly the same thing , it 's a highly technical subject in which people who do n't know jack shit about should have no say in deciding what happens . 
  ahahah that 's like a textbook example of a [ perverse incentive ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/perverse_incentive ), 
  i 'm not a girl . 
   the european commissioner for economic and currency affairs is to become equally powerful as the commissioner for competition . 
  ohh great , the idiot who still does n't change his mind and insists austerity is the way to go for europe , is to get more power . 
  wonderful plan mr. sch\u00e4uble . 
  just because things do n't work as they should here it does n't mean your system is better . 
  also , i did specify technical decisions . 
  you can not educate a population on a highly technical issue with a short campaign . 
  i 'm all for making referendums on non-technical issues . 
  furthermore , i do n't even think campaigns are particularly good at educating , they 're good at appealing to people 's emotions so they vote one way instead of the other without actually understanding why . 
  even if all our population was university educated , most of them would not be sufficiently informed to vote on most highly technical issues like this one , even if a campaign by both sides was done . 
  in fact in most technical issues , there are no sides , there are pros and cons to each option that must be carefully evaluated by experts in order to reach an ideal solution and experts do n't start considering them by being on one `` side '' . 
  do you think there should be a referendum on what treatment to give to a person presenting the symptoms of chest pain , nausea and dizziness , or do you think medical experts should decide ? 
   you 're implying that our representatives will somehow know best than the rest of us . 
  most people do n't have teams of experts for each topic they 're asked to have an opinion on , our representatives supposedly have , so they should in fact know better . 
  what you 're are arguing for is democracy , when what we have is representative democracy and there 's a reason it works better . 
   the us has about 2.2 million inmates at a time , at a time ... 
  the inmate population rotates . 
  here 's a source : [ http://nplusonemag.com/raise-the-crime-rate] ( http://nplusonemag.com/raise-the-crime-rate ) where you can read :  in january , prodded in part by outrage over a series of articles in the new york review of books , the justice department finally released an estimate of the prevalence of sexual abuse in penitentiaries . 
  the reliance on filed complaints appeared to understate the problem . 
  for 2008 , for example , the government had previously tallied 935 confirmed instances of sexual abuse . 
  after asking around , and performing some calculations , the justice department came up with a new number : 216,000 . 
  that 's 216,000 victims , not instances . 
  these victims are often assaulted multiple times over the course of the year . 
  the justice department now seems to be saying that prison rape accounted for the majority of all rapes committed in the us in 2008 , likely making the united states the first country in the history of the world to count more rapes for men than for women . 
  arguably more studies need to be done . 
  so the numbers may not be exactly right , the fact remains that americans think prison rape is perfectly ok and it 's a very common occurrence . 
   just please do n't assume that the popular masses are ignorant and that policy should be made not according to what the people want i do n't assume they 're ignorant in general , i assume they are for the most part ignorant on this specific topic , because this should be a technical decision made by experts as part of a long term energy strategy . 
  it took me quite a bit of study to get an informed ( as much as a layman can have ) opinion on nuclear , study i 'm willing to bet most of the popular masses did not do , and even i do not feel qualified to be voting for this , as there are factors in this decision i do not yet know how to evaluate such as population density near the plant ( more is better ) , electricity you will lose in transport , effects of the extra heat on the river you use for cooling , etc. 
   anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life , nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that ` my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge . ', 
  - isaac asimov in short , technical and scientific decisions should definitely not go to a referendum . 
  they should be made by experts in the field or representatives advised by teams of experts . 
  this is exactly the kind of stuff that really should not go to a referendum , the general population does n't know jack shit about nuclear . 
  well , it 's easier if you 're a girl . 
  also , stop being a gentleman . 
  i only know of one report that agrees with you . 
  i can give you another [ one that does n't ] ( http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/jt201012/jtselect/jtrights/156/15602.htm ) .
