  devaluation and inflation yes . 
  stimulus packages . 
  keep restructuring where needed ( at least portugal and greece ) while having a more expansionary economic policy eu wide . 
  germany is the one who is childlike , refusing to acknowledge what is now obvious , austerity has failed . 
  how many more trimesters of negative growth will europe need before we change course ? 
  right ... 
   oh , look , another retard . 
  it 's nice to see you posting , i get to tag all of you . 
  i 'm not the one randomly insulting people . 
    will price of products also increase ? 
   only if they round up the prices . 
  this will happen with 100 % certainty , not only because they round up prices but also because they must print new menus and price tags and know everybody else is rising their prices too . 
   as far as i know , wages are increasing fast in lithuania . 
  and then they wo n't be `` competitive '' anymore . 
  welcome aboard the euro train wreck . 
   but the crisis has revealed that most european states are living on bloated budgets and basically beyond their means . 
  this is true in some cases ( portugal , greece ) , but , in general , it 's mostly bullshit . 
  most of the other countries had relatively balanced budgets that only got unbalanced due to the crisis , this can be seen by the low level of debt to gdp countries like spain had . 
  europe 's kneejerk reaction to the crisis , due to the arbitrary deficit limits we have agreed due to german economic fantasies , of quickly lowering spending to match the fall in revenue was what caused the crisis to become endless and a horrible tragedy for people 's lives . 
  so i 'm all for the middle ground , by all means make portugal and greece restructure , but europe as a whole must follow an expansionary economic policy to compensate the damage it caused with its idiotic policies . 
  the self-perpetuating , self-imposed european death spiral marches on . 
  every time a country contracts their spending , all their neighbours become worse off , then they need to contract to fix their budgets . 
  rinse and repeat . 
   and whatever happens to the euro happens to us anyway . 
  our economy is completely euro-ised : 80 % of borrowing , households and businesses , is in euros . 
  this will help financial and economic stability . 
  this is really all that matters . 
  they already have all the disadvantages of the euro , might as well have a bigger say in what happens to it . 
  not that it will be very good for us , since latvia seems to think we are in the same situation they were in so it will be another supporter for the stupid policies we are following right now . 
  is the uk going into an american jewish concentration camp ? 
  european politicians are becoming more and more like catholic popes . 
  they go to places and spread a message of confidence and backing . 
  all you need to do is to have faith . 
  if all those pesky facts did n't keep ruining the market faith it would all be fine . 
  i have to say that i do n't think this is valid for the new generations . 
  they are , like many start-ups nowadays , born global . 
  hence they present different characteristics . 
  for the older generations , i would say portuguese are characterized by a kind of depressive melancholy and nostalgia one would not expect in such a sunny country . 
  this can be seen in the concepts of `` fado '' ( fate ) and `` saudade '' that permeate our culture . 
  that makes them a resigned people that complain about their sad fate ( o meu triste fado ) and keep remembering that time when it was supposedly better with an extreme sense of loss . 
  eh , fair enough . 
  romanian , not russian , would be the language i would say sounds very close to continental portuguese . 
  ohh well ... 
  [ sounds like russian to you ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hj-ugf0_ypg ) even for continental portuguese there are wildly different accents . 
  it may sound like russian in the kind of conversations you may overhear as you walk by in some of the streets of lisbon , but if you are listening more closely or in other areas of the country it certainly does n't . 
  i may be biased though . 
  dude you are so annoying . 
  no one cares about your people petty feud with the greeks . 
  just use chrome , it just opens pdf links in the browser like any website and even faster . 
  ah take that castilla !, 
  greece numbah one !!, 
  no not `` porn boats '' , i declare they shall be known as `` sperm whales '' . 
   i 'd also like to point out that the euro is the most imperfect of currency unions . 
  that is something that is even more the cause of the current state in the giips countries i completely agree . 
  in fact that 's one of the reasons we need to have austerity . 
  so we do an `` internal devaluation '' since a currency one is not possible . 
   are there people out there who believe there will be some magical inflection point yes . 
  remember , * in the long run * austerity ** will ** work . 
  it does n't matter that growth rates are negative , interest rates positive , and no one has money to spend so no one has money to earn . 
  it 's going to work i tell you !, 
  well this shows that the depressive spiral europe decided to get itself into unsurprisingly did n't decide to go the other way , because , you know , it 's a spiral . 
  remember , this is the year of the recovery , our politicians and the ecb said so . 
  can we now please lower the interest rates ? 
  that did n't happen for centuries during the gold standard why would it happen now due to the euro . 
  if that 's going to happen , and i think that it will . 
  it will certainly not be because of the stupid policy we are following in the eurozone which only brings suffering , unemployment and forces very little good changes while also forcing some bad ones , mainly towards extremism on both sides of the political spectrum . 
  in fact , the things that were actually helping the gap being bridged , such as education and investment in modernization , have been cut quite a lot . 
   it 's hard now , but in the long run ah , austerity proponents keep adding years to their long run definition . 
  you know what makes a big difference in the long run ? 
  your starting point . 
  what this austerity is making sure of is that , in the long run , all the countries that right now are bleeding gdp and their first generations of highly educated young people will be worse off . 
  people in / r/europe do not understand reddiquette , i 'm guessing most of them have n't been here long enough to know that reddit was a place where there usually was some of the most insightful arguments in the internet , and people got downvoted not because people disagreed with them , but because their comments were irrelevant to the discussion . 
   the question is whether a heavily regulated privatized company is significantly worse than a publicly owned company , and i 've yet to see any real evidence that there 's anything much to get worked up about . 
  it 's not , but heavily regulated does n't work in corrupt countries , and even in countries that are n't , when you have to heavily regulate something you have to question why are n't you running it anyway . 
  i agree , that with strong regulation it is possible . 
  the problem i think people are seeing , is that it is a step in the door . 
  a step in the door that will undoubtedly lead to lobbying towards deregulation so they can have more profit from it . 
  maybe now everything is working fine in some places with the heavy regulation way ( it 's not working fine anywhere that i know without heavy regulation ) . 
  maybe in a few years they will have some corrupt politicians and it wo n't as they will start deregulating . 
  or maybe they are in the euro , they start having financial problems and their `` friends '' make them sell all this stuff that should n't be sold at fire sale prices . 
  i tend to support free markets , but one of the things i 've briefly studied was how telecommunication networks , mainly for the internet , work . 
  funnily enough most networks operate similarly and they have the same problems . 
  they are very expensive infrastructures and once one is in place no one is going to build another one . 
  so it falls to the state to either build the network and give equal access to all the participants or force the incumbent to lease the network for a fair ( usually at cost ) price so there can be competition and the market actually works . 
  of course that when it comes to water , the network is not the only problem , there are also limited sources of it , so whoever controls them has a monopoly . 
  i do n't really see how any part of this system can work well in a pure free market . 
  in fact all we have studied about free markets tells us it wo n't . 
  i find it odd when i see people from economics failing to realize this . 
  i 'm surprised not to see you defending that we should end public healthcare and education . 
  all things that require an extremely expensive network need to be either state owned or heavily regulated to guarantee unbundled access . 
  given the state of corruption of modern politicians in the western world . 
  i would rather they were mandatorily state owned so there 's no regulator for the network owner to influence since the network owner would be the regulator itself . 
  there are tons of examples of what happens when this is not the case ( no heavy regulation or state ownership ) . 
  the most recent one being the sorry state of internet broadband in the us . 
  there are limits to what the free market is good at solving efficiently , water seems to me to be dangerously close to all of them if not past them . 
  so i would n't have such strong opinions about it if i were you . 
   http://www.reddit.com/user/makedon that dude hates greece . 
  seriously this video and people like that user still existing in the 21st century is kind of depressing . 
  it 's really noticeable how ridiculously big the [ vasco da gama bridge ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vasco_da_gama_bridge ) ( the bridge on the right ) is on this photo .
