  what about switzerland , how does that work ? 
  i was going to say `` wtf '' but then i noticed this is the telegraph and i do n't trust anything they report anymore . 
  belgian flemish is still not pretty but by god the dutch sound makes me feel like i have snot going back and forth between my nose and throat . 
   `` the government is prepared to fight the word ` bailout ' they should fight the word `` bailout '' because it 's definitely not going to be one . 
  still , i hope you guys get better terms than us , because if your economy spirals into a vicious circle of deflation like greece is in and our economy might be very soon , europe will have , once again , failed to stop the contagion and everyone will be as fucked as we are soon enough . 
  i hope for the best for you guys whom we kindly refer here as `` nuestros hermanos '' . 
  your link made sense in some points , but then there 's this ...  white women are leaping in bed with black men , or other darkies of the world , and popping out strange-looking children . 
  generally speaking , the male in these incidents could not care less about the children . 
  it 's all about sexual aggression against the white race . 
  come on ... 
  your flair tells me you are from a developed country , so i assume you had at least a modicum of instruction . 
  this is completely ridiculous , for starters , a lot of their children are not strange at all but , actually , extremely [ sexy ] ( http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000932/ ) and that 's not even the most impressive achievement in wrongness in there ... 
  seriously ... come on ... strid . 
  i still like you guys humour !, 
  so have a sarcastic funny bitches trophy for y' all . 
  some of these measures seem nice but i do n't really see how they plan on paying for any of this . 
  they ca n't print euros , they ca n't borrow more , they could reform the tax system and tax better but their economy is now much smaller than when the crisis started so it would n't be enough either . 
  how is this realistic ? 
  it just seems like another politician lying to the greeks in order to win elections . 
  i think there are starting to be some signs that europe will finally do what is needed to actually stop the crisis and the contagion , will it be soon enough ? 
  the end of the month might not be , if more good signs like these do n't keep appearing to calm the markets . 
  there 's a lot of uncertainty in the coming weeks with spain banks suffering a run , cyprus potential bailout and the greek elections , so there might still be some money to be made there but i 'd say it 's riskier now . 
   multiculturalism is the state-enforced acceptance of immigrants who refuse to assimilate . 
  i would n't exactly define it like that , more like having a minimum of civility and respect for other people to be able to at least tolerate other cultures . 
  not that you should necessarily tolerate everything ( namely intolerance from them ) . 
  i guess i do n't have that much experience with immigrants who refuse to assimilate , we only have a few gypsies who do that here and they 're not that many . 
  the rest of our immigrants used to come mostly from our ex-colonies or the east and they usually integrated pretty well with us . 
  so maybe it was rougher there . 
  [ damn ] ( http://qkme.me/3pkul1 ), 
  how about making the greeks use the latin alphabet be one of the needed `` structural reforms '' , i ca n't really read anything on this post and it annoys me . 
  even if dumb people needed protection from this which i am not convinced they need . 
  this should be at the browser level , not at the individual website level . 
  the people making these laws know as much about the internet as your novice internet users . 
  this is not real at all and it does n't make any sense . 
  this law is idiotic , an internet user already has total control over what cookies they have their browsers storing if any . 
  european bureaucracy at it 's worst . 
   they also require companies to notify users about any data breach without undue delay and to allow customers to switch fixed or mobile phone operators without changing their phone number , within one working day this however was a good idea and we had this implemented years ago . 
  i have a couple of things i like , in most of the country you are always reasonably close to an excellent beach ( even in lisbon you 're 15 minutes away from tons of great [ blue flag ] ( http://www.blueflag.org/menu/awarded+sites/2011/northern+hemisphere/portugal/list/beaches ) sandy beaches ) . 
  you can get a great coffee ( espresso of course ) almost anywhere that is n't a tourist trap or algarve , when i 'm abroad i usually go to italian restaurants just to get a coffee for a decent one , it seems italians are the only other people in europe doing coffee right . 
  also , and this is something that really made me hungry for serious meat in many other places , cheap decent cow steaks . 
  you can get cow steaks anywhere , but you can eat a decent one quite cheaply here , not a hamburger , a steak - one that you can easily chew . 
  this might seem silly but i really missed decent cheap steaks when i traveled on a budget and had to eat chicken , pork or burgers all the time . 
  it sure does n't seem like it . 
  if there 's no huge announcement this weekend i 'm pretty sure there 's going to be a fucking collapse next week . 
   i 'm hoping to break records in negative karma . 
  usually i do n't downvote you because your posts contribute to the discussion but i also do n't agree with you . 
  however this seems a pretty accurate description assuming germany does n't win - whatever winning means in this horrible context - otherwise , the story will be written mainly by them and their vassals who will describe how heroic germany and superior german culture saved collapsed europe from the ashes of a depression caused by lazy cultures by including it 's devastated countries in the modern german federation now known as `` new rhineland '' and managing them back to prosperity ( ignoring the fact that it took 50 years for those new rhineland states to be back where they started in 2008 in terms of gdp ) . 
   what i find unfortunate is that people seem to be satisfied with knowing that the nazis committed the holocaust , and do n't ask what their own countries did in terms of taking in jewish refugees while they still had a chance to get away people actually care a bit about this in portugal . 
  as a neutral country portugal was one of the last escape routes and thousands of jews came here to later get boats to the us and brazil . 
  we also have our very own `` schindler '' called '' [ aristides sousa mendes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aristides_de_sousa_mendes ) '' who was the portuguese ambassador in bordeaux at the time . 
  he emitted 30k visas without waiting for authorization from our dictator and later in defiance of a recall he got . 
  this guy is the reason portuguese care , we 're quite proud of him . 
  what kind of ridiculously shitty lifelines are these ? 
  do they have any idea of the gravity of the situation that is developing there or the size of the spanish economy and banks . 
  holy shit ... 
  damn now i feel silly , well it still looks like they based the song on it . 
  ahahahah i did n't even know non portuguese speakers knew that word . 
  it 's a pejorative term ( more towards superstitions than blacks themselves ) that usually means some kind of witchcraft/curse , usually african witchcraft or the evil eye . 
  it 's written `` macumba '' btw . 
  i agree the generalization is ridiculous and based on a 10 years old experience so particularly inapplicable , but * dude * , too soon ... 
  really ? 
  well , i like your modesty . 
  however , it 's not true , because the netherlands are seen as a german ally in the push for austerity so we 're definitely very interested . 
  this same danger is looming over all of europe , if our politicians were n't so myopic they would have recognized that and actually stopped the crisis before the contagion started . 
  instead they built a narrative of this being some kind of club med problem that could be solved by them learning some protestant values . 
  some countries might be doing fine while the capital is fleeing their way but it wont last . 
  this week might be quite `` fun '' as the bank runs everywhere appear to be starting . 
  upvoted for the simile, 
  i used to have your opinion , but this crisis changed my mind . 
  during this crisis the eu institutions pretty much were ignored and the biggest/richest countries were calling the shots ; people i did not vote for , like merkel and sarkozy , were having serious consequences in my day to day life . 
  i 'm not saying all their decisions were bad , however what i want is to be in a union with the rest of europe , i do not want to be ruled by a foreign state . 
  obviously , a country that does n't want the latter should n't get in too much debt , so there 's that , but i expected more from the european institutions . 
  i do n't believe i will get more from them as they currently are and with the current level of integration . 
  bundes pussies !, 
  i do n't think they mean `` latino '' . 
  probably people are looking for romanian the language , which does have `` latin '' roots . 
  have you tried [ http://www.google.com/ncr] ( http://www.google.com/ncr ) ncr stands for `` no country redirection '' it 's pretty useful for this kind of stuff . 
  tried with `` portuguese are '' , apparently a lot of people wonder what colour we are too eheheh . 
  for fucks sake what did he tell you guys ?!? 
  do n't leave us hanging like that . 
  are you calling me old ? 
  yeah i 've been here almost from the start because i was always looking for alternatives to digg , slashdot , etc. 
  i really have no idea of what you said . 
  i do know what php/mysql/js are but that 's really all i got . 
  i think the author himself gives us the perfect description of what we just read - `` the fossilized notions of more primitive peoples '' there would be no support for such a war , none , zero . 
  also , the reason we are trying to pay our debts is certainly not fear that some * panzers * are coming to collect it . 
  this analysis indeed seems spot on to me , the analysis of my country pretty much mirrors our own . 
   they 're working on it and they 'll get there eventually i very much hope so , our government is totally focused on complying with every single line we have agreed with the troika and has been reforming relatively fast . 
  our performance , in implementing the deal , will be evaluated by the troika again on the 22nd ( next tuesday ) and i 'm pretty sure it will be a good one . 
  however , the depression in our economy is being so severe that the math is starting to show this will probably not be enough and the instability the greek elections/grexit are causing has not helped at all . 
  so , even with us judiciously following everything we agreed to , i do n't think we will be able to go back to the markets in 2013 and i 'm quite concerned with what will happen then . 
  i doubt it , they also said the crisis was contained when it started . 
  you seem qualified to do better than nash . 
  what they should is to start driving on the right , so tourists do n't get confused and have car accidents . 
  yeah this is going to happen ... 
   the german leader insisted the agreed reforms could not be altered but she too offered the prospect of unspecified growth measures . 
  does this mean project bonds are going forward ? 
  sooner than expected ? 
  they certainly can , their society is close to collapsing at which point people will do anything and turn to anyone that can at least impose order . 
   there are now really good chances of greece leaving in the euro zone imho .
