  actually nazi anti-jew rhetoric is quite a lot more modern , as it was based on jews being a race instead of discriminating them because of their religion ( as happened many times before ) , do notice that , before , jews were usually given a chance to convert . 
  it was not in 1 day that people were convinced this `` race '' should be eliminated . 
  what he was comparing was the news and propaganda that the media spread , and indeed they are comparable . 
  i happen to think this kind of stuff is in fact a case where the expression `` slippery slope '' applies and not as a fallacy . 
  i 'm sure the propaganda against jews started much in the same way so i 'm not sure why does the analogy is wrong . 
  not every wwii reference can be dismissed as a simple case of godwin 's law . 
  you 're being downvoted but you 're right . 
  stories like this one are just anti-greek propaganda . 
  much like the pigs acronym , stories like these build a narrative of what caused the crisis . 
  that 's pretty much already happening right now . 
  yeah , without our german overlords , we go back to flinging poo . 
  damn right . 
  in the end even the germans will benefit because on the current path all they will get will be the biggest series of defaults history has ever seen . 
  yeah , not outright war , but it could easily cause the breakup of the european union in my opinion , which could later lead to at least a few regional wars . 
  why am i getting the feeling this could turn into a franz ferdinand event and what does it say about today 's europe that you need this kind of protection when a head of state of a member country visits another country ? 
  sigh . 
  i 'm personally perfectly fine for now , i just do n't like what i see around me . 
  i almost cried in the part of the video where the guy was crying that he wo n't be able to afford a chocolate bar for the child , because although we do not have the violence here , what i see all around me is the same misery . 
  in the small startup i work , we have trouble collecting ridiculously low amounts our clients owe us , because all the clients are either going bankrupt or having cash flow problems because their clients are going bankrupt and do n't pay them . 
  i see , at least , ten times the number of crazy people in the streets than before the crisis because they can no longer pay the medicine they need . 
  i have friends that have n't been paid for months , and most in my group have already emigrated . 
  i saw , just yesterday , an old man that used to work in the university where i took my degree and retired while i was there , going trough trash and searching for coins in payphones . 
  this is all very depressing ... 
   ( grinding is too noisy when the wife sleeps ) exactly this , the grinding noise on saecos is substantially ( seriously the difference is huge ) lower due to it using a ceramic grinder . 
  well if you 're going to do that , you might as well save another month or so and go for [ this one ] ( http://www.amazon.de/philips-saeco-hd8752-kaffeevollautomat-wasserbeh%c3%a4lter/dp/b005dd3nvc/ref=sr_1_3?s=kitchen&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1349459421&amp;sr=1-3 ) . 
  either way if you drink a lot of coffee like myself a good grinding coffee maker is a great investment , as you can get cheaper and much better coffee than a nespresso and it will pay for itself in less than a year . 
  john seems to earn pretty well for a call center employee , specially for a call center which does n't need any kind of specific know how as this one seems to be . 
  seriously ? 
  a repost 12 hours later ? 
  [ this is the exact same article ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/10xfjk/portugal_announces_enormous_tax_rises/ ) . 
  welfare obviously counts or do you not get more from welfare than you pay in taxes if you earn 2000 $ per year ? 
  my point being that people in this situation effectively pay no taxes and this is just an example of the kind of stuff that skews statistics . 
  i 'd like to know how much subsidies and help from the state those people paying taxes on 2000 $ get . 
  still you do n't seem to get that people who earn wages lower than a certain threshold can not pay as high taxes percentually . 
  those links do n't include the tons of hidden taxes we pay , for instance , in our electricity bill . 
   why ca n't the citizens of portugal pay something similar ? 
  because our wages are a lot smaller , you seriously think someone earning 500 euros a month can pay 20 or 30 % monthly taxes ? 
  as for the link you chosen it seems to show you do n't understand what you 're talking about . 
  as a lower tax revenue as a percentage of gdp does n't necessarily mean that we have lower taxes at all . 
  sure , but the protests in portugal were not violent at all ( as always ) , and there was a massive consensus in the portuguese population supporting them . 
  i agree , it 's becoming pretty much impossible to be middle class in portugal . 
  and it 's not just the direct taxes , we have huge taxes in everything , just look at our electricity bill , it has quite a lot more taxes than electricity costs there . 
  i do n't really `` get '' whats the plan . 
  should we just work and give all our money to the government so it can pay the ridiculous interest on the debt ? 
  should all our non 100 % export companies go bankrupt because no one has money to consume ? 
  i 'm deeply pessimistic about our country 's prospects right now , and i hope to be proven wrong . 
  this wo n't solve anything . 
  the portuguese are already severely overtaxed so each time they raise one tax they lose revenue in another and they end up not getting any extra money . 
  i 'd also like to say that moody 's is filled with complete idiots :  moody 's , the rating agency , this week said his `` surrender '' on social security was likely to encourage opposition to the adjustment programme and `` create the expectation that protests can be successful again '' . 
  this could prove `` detrimental to market confidence '' . 
  wtf moody 's a country 's people are not terrorists . 
  the government really had no choice but back down and that does n't mean that they wo n't stand firm in other issues at all . 
  i 'm also sick of these people lacking any kind of scientific value saying bullshit , i swear the favorite words of these people are `` could '' and `` may '' , what great predictors they are . 
  they can say anything they want by just using those 2 words first . 
  here it 's also illegal to ask your race . 
  which i find a good idea as race is a very poorly defined concept with very little usefulness . 
  there 's pretty much no tension at all unless you 're gypsy as far as i 've noticed . 
  of course , i 'm a quite white male ( unless i 've been tanning for weeks ) so maybe a black portuguese can give you a better perspective . 
  i 'm not confusing anything . 
  actually the troika has 2 main goals , one is indeed to lower interest rates . 
  the second is to create `` internal devaluation '' so greece will be competitive again , that will not help with their interest rates at all as their debts would have to be even more restructured for them to be able to pay them or their interest after all this `` internal devaluation '' is finished , as they will have a much much smaller economy to tax from as can be seen by their gdp trajectory since this whole mess started . 
  of course , none of this matters as they think this is just a credibility problem and as soon as the greeks are credible because they are such good troika lapdogs the markets will give them good rates ( accomplishing goal number one ) . 
  this is a thoroughly laughable plan to say the least . 
   it does n't have to be the greeks to invest in greece . 
  apart from the troika i really do n't see any foreigners willing to invest in greece , probably because they just have n't done enough austerity to become competitive , amirite ? 
  of course , but how are you going to pay for any of those in the future if you have no economy to tax from ? 
  so , keep doing the pro-cyclical thing that 's working so well ? 
  what greek private sector would have the money or be able to get lent the money to do this ? 
  additionally , as far as i know , they have n't , specifically in this project , outspent anything yet . 
  could n't this be good ? 
  as in , attracting tourism and eventually giving the greek economy some growth it desperately needs ? 
  i honestly do n't know but i would hope someone has done the math on the investment . 
  for instance , i 've found these examples on google : [ circuit of the americas ] ( http://www.circuitoftheamericas.com/economic-impact ) [ gulf air bahrain grand prix ] ( http://www.bahrainedb.com/economic-impact.aspx ) [ belgium 's spa ] ( http://www.travelife.ca/belgium/tourists-racing-to-belgium-s-spa.html ) which seem to indicate this could pay for itself many times over in the long run . 
  i 'm not saying it would , but maybe we can consider that perhaps someone in greece did the math and deemed it worthy . 
   actually , that amount of a mess you are in is pretty much unheard of without a prior war as an excuse . 
  no , it is not , it happens lots of times when countries peg their currencies to another country 's currency . 
   and apart from that most of the 20th century you already had unemployment of 25 + % and sky high interest rates . 
  so i do n't know why you make such a big fuzz now ? 
  err no we did n't . 
  i only found data for the last 30 years but [ here ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=portuguese+unemployment+rate+1900-2012 ) . 
  as for the interest rates they were high but inflation was also high , so real interest rates were not that high . 
  ahahah dude , you live in a bubble ( in space , in time and culturally ) if you think that 's true . 
  northerners had similar problems to the ones we are having a ton of times during all of the 20th century . 
  it could have happened to you ( as a people ) too . 
  yes you 're right , northern incorruptible politicians would not do such a dumb mistake as using very easy credit , northern incorruptible companies would never start buying and building stuff like crazy in a bubble , and northern banks would never lend to such irresponsible people . 
  i guess this is ... [ a greek tragedy ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vh0wmt7yq4 ), 
  it 's nice to see the real narrative once in a while , instead of the lazy corrupt south one . 
  finally :  the euro has stuffed the germans just as much as the spanish , italians and greeks i resent portuguese not being included in this list , we 're quite stuffed . 
  might not be a bad idea ... 
  why do you think that language was used in the first place ? 
  who is blocking a single supervisory mechanism ? 
  in my opinion there 's also no need to use caps when you can use bold . 
  i do n't think you could write about anything but soldier [ anibal milhais ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/an%c3%adbal_milhais ) . 
  [ edit ] you could also include other ridiculously heroic individuals from wwi ( maybe from other suggestions ) , and make it a paper on that subject . 
   germans and french are the baddies unlike what the people from core countries have been doing all this crisis ( as exemplified by the sarcasm in your comment ) . 
  i made no moral judgement in my opinion . 
  i think the french and germans are just looking out for their interests ( not necessarily their , or their people 's , best interests ) while pretending to be saving europe . 
  so no , not baddies . 
  i 'm just not interested in me or my country getting fucked in the ass by them . 
  if we are fucked anyway , we might as well do it with our asses intact .
