  if we do n't solve this it will get there , it is already affecting france and the netherlands , why wait ? 
  authorities warn about extreme danger from incoming waves , guess what portuguese decide to do , 
  we 're clearly very far away from that limit hence why the eurozone is borderline in deflation right now . 
  northern europe wants deflation and endless economic recession ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  the ecb would just print the money , the north would quite benefit from it too , helping us get out of this debt crisis would help everyone . 
  thanks bundesbank !, 
  you have saved us all from demonic inflation !, 
  [ meanwhile in portugal ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8fdkmqlzco ), 
  nope , germany was the main cause for delay for the banking union as they did n't want their banks supervised so they invented a series of excuses . 
  http://www.presseurop.eu/en/content/news-brief/3668201-germany-puts-brakes-banking-union http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/07/opinion/sunday/europes-delayed-banking-union.html?_r=0 and it is still delaying parts of it : http://sharecast.com/news/ecofin-agrees-to-points-on-banking-union-delays-controversial-decisions/21371583.html so it 's the reason our banking union is half-assed . 
  well the banking union which we 're finally half assedly doing for one . 
  there also needs to be a change in the way monetary and fiscal policy are made in europe . 
  there 's also a need for stronger european institutions that prevent the sort of self-interest national leaders driven decisions that are made nowadays . 
  care to explain why ? 
  from where i 'm standing she is a force blocking and delaying everything that europe actually needs to do . 
  we are doing it , but much slower than needed thanks to her . 
  merkel has no democratic mandate in european terms , i certainly did not vote for her . 
  barroso , no matter how much i hate him , was approved by the ep ( which we all actually vote for ) which gives him more democratic legitimacy than merkel in eu terms . 
   if you 're a christian , that 's does n't make you delusional and it certainly does n't make you stupid . 
  it sort of does . 
  it makes you someone who thinks it 's acceptable to believe in things out of faith ( with no good reason ) , so it certainly makes your mind being open to all kinds of bullshit . 
  you wo n't necessarily be stupid , probably just brainwashed , but i guess it 's not a bad heuristic if you 're old enough that you should have already overcome that brainwashing . 
  it may be cultural , i think it 's way too well defined , it leaves little to romance , or space to notice other qualities the person may have . 
  its too cold and superficial , it seems like a job offer . 
  for me , the only real requisite is that it 's someone that is kind to me and other people , the remaining positive/negative points being important depends a lot on the individual girl . 
  then again , i do n't online date , it may make sense to have a filter such as yours when doing that . 
   i 've started to consider poor conversational skills to be an asset as a man , i do n't think it 's exactly this . 
  it 's just that women usually have a lot they want to talk about as it seems to help them think about stuff . 
  so it 's more important for them to have a good listener than a guy who loves hearing himself talk for hours . 
   if you happen to be a female , between ages of 26-34 , over 170cm , slim , with a masters degree or doctoral , with no children but you want to have children and you live in helsinki . . maybe it 's a cultural thing , but , this last line , seriously made me cringe . 
   especially for greece who have already signed into law 10 % of all future gas/oil profits ( potential 10 + trilion $ ) to scientific research and development suddenly , every politcian in greece has a small company doing very important research that needs gas/oil funding . 
  how did someone with a conscience went that far in politics ? 
  there must have been some kind of mistake . 
  i 've gotten this kind of reaction in munich in the few days i was there , to be fair , it was only from one guy serving us at a bar , who decided to give us our change all in 5 cent coins to show us how welcomed we were there . 
  most of the other people were quite nice even if they did n't know english . 
  i guess there are douchebags everywhere . 
  by the time we reach the next one , the door will be wide open again . 
  the banks will have found a way to decapitalize the fund by then . 
  what 's happening in ukraine is pretty fucked up , but ...  earlier , us secretary of state john kerry expressed `` disgust '' at the decision by ukraine 's authorities to `` meet the peaceful protest ... with riot police , bulldozers , and batons , rather than with respect for democratic rights and human dignity '' . 
  ahh the hipocrisy , us police was so gentle dealing with the peaceful occupy people ... 
  nope , we 're trade warring with our $ uro partners . 
  since we 're in deflation , we 're probably winning !, 
  glorious portugal will defeat all !, 
  anyway , that was meant as a joke , since we 're pretty much cap in hand too . 
  please note , there was no place where the average person does n't want foreigners visiting there . 
  the scale is from 0-7 , even bolivians in the last place on the list seem to mostly welcome their visitors with a 4.1 . 
  i do n't know if it is standard procedure but , here , what i notice is that police do n't wear helmets until the last possible moment , as the mere appearance of helmeted police can escalate the situation . 
  i guess this may be different in countries where protests do n't tend to be as peaceful as ours . 
  well , i warned them anthropology was not in high demand , did they listen ? 
   how does it make economic sense ? 
  interest rates on loans are always higher than inflation so it 's better to save and then buy it than otherwise . 
  interest rates on savings were ridiculous too . 
  there 's also an opportunity cost to having your money stuck in savings . 
   for example , this [ 1 ] says that saving is quite common in some countries and not so common in others the saving rates are different , but the saving rates on most developed countries were falling prior to 2007-08 . 
   if prices go up but wages go up to match that , then there is n't really a problem . 
  i agree , there 's no problem , but this is still inflation . 
  the good kind that is actually quite desirable right now . 
   you can have inflation without wage increases . 
  i 'm not saying you ca n't , i just do n't see how that will happen in the current environment . 
  people here do n't like having debt either , it just made so much economic sense to do so before this crisis that everyone did it . 
  it 's not a stupid generalization or cultural , you can look up any statistics for saving rates before the 2007-08 crisis . 
  anyway , thanks for the jab at my culture you dick . 
  except for octogenarians , people with low to medium income have no savings at all . 
  it was stupid for them to have savings given how low interest rates were before the crisis and how little they could set apart to save anyway . 
  i know , i 'm just not understanding by what mechanism will inflation be created in the current environment without salaries increasing . 
  if the unemployment lowers and salaries stay the same , more goods are produced so you wo n't see much inflation . 
  if the money does n't go to regular workers , so neither the unemployment lowers neither the salaries increase , then it will go to assets but you wo n't see much inflation on consumer goods . 
  this will , of course , help debtors whose collateral will rise in value helping them to be able to get lower interest rates . 
  i 'm not an economist , so maybe i 'm missing something . 
  that 's just not true , if salaries remain the same , how do you have inflation ? 
  either way , even if you only have inflation on assets like stocks and houses , it still helps debtors as these are used as collateral for your loans . 
  merkel , as usual , is purposely missing the point and fighting a straw man . 
  what their us and european partners want is for germany to stop restraining their ** imports ** . 
  why any country would want to join the euro , before we solve the current problems with this clusterfuck of a shared currency , is beyond me . 
  be europe 2 . 
  be indebted 3 . 
  make yourself have deflation 4 . 
  and the euro certainly is a factor . 
  there are others , but you can not say - the issue is not the euro - just because some countries have other factors that may be contributing more to the issue than being or not in the euro . 
   so the issue is not the euro . 
  eh the tax authorithies keep sending me emails asking me to pay for stuff i 've already paid ages ago . 
  portuguese tax collection nowadays works like nigerian scammers , trying to fool people into giving them money . 
  it wo n't . 
  it is simply too little and too late . 
  europe needs to start printing like crazy and germany needs to have a much more expansionary economic policy . 
   but that is against the ecb statues . 
  well , change the fucking statutes already . 
  what the eurozone is doing is idiotic , we 're experiencing cripling debt , deflation , unemployment , ngdp stagnation or drop , overvalued euro ( for everyone but germany ) . 
  but yeah , do n't let the ecb do its job . 
  let 's wait for this to go away by itself , i 'm sure the euro will survive that ... 
  what europe is doing in terms of monetary policy is insane . 
  if it is not changed quickly this is going to be fun . 
  the definition is still evolving , but it 's sort of europe 's brand of redneck , they tend to be libertarian and quite love that the euro has become a kind of gold standard . 
  they are comparable to the members of the tea party in the us as they also defend policies that are ultimately bad for them . 
  you seem like an infantile girl who ca n't argue about any issue without bringing everything that has ever happened into the discussion . 
  and another one : [ joseph stiglitz : is mercantilism doomed to fail ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d207fslnxhk ), 
  not to mention the huge need to deleverage private and public debt . 
  does n't matter , inflation , to $ urotards , is the devil .
