  if it is true , wtf !?!, 
   it must be perception , from where i 'm standing , it seems you 're eager gamble with yet even more money to get out of this when i 'm the one saying we already lost enough and should n't risk losing what we still have left . 
  not really , we should n't be the ones doing this . 
  europe and particularly the countries that do n't need structural reforms are the ones who should be doing expansionary economic policies . 
  we 'd just rise with the tide . 
  the malinvestments is a straw man argument , you did not see me making the argument for stupid public spending like our football stadiums or defending what we did that got us into this situation . 
  you did not address the [ multiplier effect ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fiscal_multiplier ) . 
  which by the way also works in reverse , when you do austerity . 
  you did not explain how do you propose to go back to growth without destroying everything in the process . 
  you did not explain how those great companies you 're talking about will survive everyone deleveraging at the same time when there will be no demand for several years and when the banks that could finance their projects are zombies , unless the deleveraging is helped by some form of inflation ( i.e. 
  money printing ) . 
  austerity sadly does n't work to lower our interest rates either , austerity combined with the aforementioned multiplier effect has shown to lower your gdp a lot faster than it solves the deficit problem . 
  so i do n't really see how that helps our debt to gdp ration and our interest rates . 
  belgium was in a comparable economic situation to us , they did no austerity since they had no government and they seem to be doing a lot better . 
  finally , there are as a matter of fact several public investments that could be made with good roi like decent rail connected to our ports , some of the dams , etc. 
  frankly i think i 'm doing reality and thinking of how to solve the current problem while you seem to be doing morals and giving a lesson to your 6 yr old on money management . 
  what economic growth is severely hampered by is non-existent demand , something you can easily get when you are deflating and the private sector is deleveraging . 
  in those situations it 's necessary to kickstart the economy . 
  i do n't really see where do you think the economic growth will come from . 
  if everyone in europe , private and public , is deleveraging at the same time . 
  when everyone in the world wants to be an export oriented economy and there 's no one to export to . 
  maybe you do n't mind that everything that was achieved in the last 20 years goes bankrupt because there 's no demand for 10 years while everyone deleverages , but i do . 
  furthermore , there is also a multiplier effect so public spending can in many situations be a very important factor for economic growth . 
  we should n't be doing austerity in europe , it does n't work , it had its chance . 
  we do need to keep doing structural reforms but you do n't need to do austerity to do that . 
  france needs to do some austerity 1 % growth is way too much . 
  the deficit and interest rate point is just to underline the fact that our budgets are not as unbalanced as they seem . 
  our deficits are mainly caused by the huge interest rates we 're paying right now . 
  i 'm not blaming anyone else but our politicians and our voters for our situation . 
  however , saying that germany in particular or europe in general is handling this well is quite ridiculous in my opinion . 
   just look at our deficits and at theirs our deficits would be a lot smaller if we were paying their interest rates . 
  one could think that the policies that caused this capital fight from the periphery , due in great part to people seeing their result on greece , are a huge part of the problem we 're in and a huge part of the problem spain banks are in . 
   germany is far from being perfect but at least they 're thinking on the long term long term my ass . 
  they 're thinking a few months ahead when they will have federal elections again . 
  also , in the long term we are all dead . 
  i do agree with you on one thing . 
  this article sucks ass . 
  it 's like the author wants to irritate all the stakeholders in this problem . 
  this is what 's wrong with europe , we do a summit , people reach a compromise , a few days later each country is doing it 's own thing again like it never happened . 
  for fucks sake . 
  * rising -  raising, 
  apparently you like talking out of your ass . 
  do you even know what were the structural reforms for portugal ? 
  we have been doing most of them and quite quickly . 
  here , have some official reports [ january ] ( http://www.imf.org/external/np/exr/countryfacts/prt/2012/012112.pdf )  let me conclude by congratulating the authorities for the strong start to the program and note that we share their view that clearly this is just a start and many challenges remain . 
  we welcome the authorities ' plans , for example through these workshops , to further strengthen the structural reform agenda in focus and specificity . 
  thank you very much . 
  [ statement by the ec , ecb , and imf on the fourth review mission to portugal ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/articles/financial_operations/2012-06-04-portugal_en.htm ) ( june )  the programme remains on track amidst continued challenges . 
  the authorities are implementing the reform policies broadly as planned and external adjustment is proceeding faster than expected . 
  in the future please refrain from commenting on things you know nothing about . 
  you . 
  you 're still right , pegged is still not the same as the same currency , since it is a lot easier to unpeg than to change your currency , and they only pegged quite recently ( early 2009 ? ) . 
  these effects take time . 
  another important factor is that they are right next to germany and other countries which still have a decent economy , while the troubled countries are next to other troubled or not so good countries , this is important because your main trading partners in europe tend to be next to you . 
  that may be , however , i think quazz has a point given the historic evidence we have from american evangelists fucking shit up in uganda . 
  it 's also great for our social security systems because we wo n't have to pay these people 's retirement . 
  fewer unemployment benefits to pay , fewer retirements to pay , win win . 
   in addition , emergency aid funds will in the future be made available to stabilize the bond markets without requiring countries , providing they are complying with eu budget rules , to adopt additional austerity measures . 
  this seems a lot like eurobonds to me . 
  while the new bank recapitalization mechanism seems a lot like printing . 
  anyway , i think this is a good mid term solution , europe needs to integrate a lot more but , realistically , that will take at least a few years . 
  europe can afford to play stupid morals with small economies like portugal , but it would be crazy and too expensive to do the same with italy and spain . 
  i think merkel actually did a good job this time , she previously got some controls in place and now is starting to show some flexibility like she should . 
  it sounds good because it is a good one . 
  people in charge , that made wrong decisions , refuse to change their minds and insist that they just have n't done the wrong thing for long enough . 
  it is exactly the same . 
  dude , the comparison with vietnam was to how the generals and politicians that made the wrong decisions stubbornly stayed the course instead of doing the right thing . 
  something that is very much like what 's happening in europe right now . 
  the germans are crazy if they think europe can solve this crisis by simply deflating in the periphery . 
  this path will just lead to more banks to continuously go under and the contagion to keep spreading . 
   but mrs merkel continues to insist that before anything is done to increase the burden on german taxpayers , building blocks towards greater fiscal , banking and , eventually , political union must be put in place . 
  i do agree with this but we need something to keep europe afloat in the mean time , i suggest printing . 
  printing would stop the deflation in the periphery and increase inflation in the core solving the competitiveness problem way quicker , with less pain and less bank problems . 
  you 're doing the same stupid mistake many other europeans make , and which seemingly offend you and your dignity . 
  which is to make stupid moral judgements on a whole group of people living on the same region based on prejudice and morals that do n't even really apply . 
   we are noble and dignified people , qualities which it appears the germans lack and will not be taught . 
  seriously , if most people can not see how this mirrors the idiotic way some northern people are demonizing us ... europe is beyond lost . 
  yes , the europeans in other less troubled regions should change their posture , but , while you and them , keep thinking in terms of we and them , nothing is going to change . 
  that diversity between north and south is precisely because the moors were in the south for much longer , in over 1k years we did n't lose that diversity so i 'm not that worried . 
  your example is not very good , portuguese are in general a little darker and less blonde than the other europeans because the iberian peninsula was occupied by moors for quite a long time and that happened well before portuguese people went to japan . 
  that was before portugal , one of the oldest nations in the world , even existed . 
  i 'm carrying a recessive blue eyes gene , i 'm pretty sure that will make it impossible for me to reproduce . 
  if only it was dominant i 'm sure girls would flock to my beautiful blue eyes . 
  i 'd love to agree with you , but words like these cause prejudices and stereotypes that can take a generation to fade away . 
  words like these make things harder for portuguese nationals , companies and products whose quality becomes considered substandard when it 's actually fucking great . 
  the same way the good german engineering stereotype benefits german products the stereotype created by the usage of this acronym and bad reporting is not good at all for us . 
  i do n't see why , what he seems to be defending are strong european institutions being the guard dogs ( he actually defended an `` european finance minister '' ) and i think almost everyone can agree with that . 
  what we have now is what i consider germany taking over our government and it 's an uncomfortable position for everyone involved . 
  i do n't think people realize how dangerous these insults are , not everyone ( if any ) in those acronyms is so lighthearted as most portuguese , and the reaction you get is stuff like golden dawn , so thank you . 
  i agree that greece needed to reform , but if the objective was that they would also become a fiscally sustainable country maybe things could have been done in such a way that their gdp did n't got completely destroyed in the process . 
  i mean they have already defaulted once , and the way this is going they will default again because their gdp keeps falling , and this is just a death and deflationary spiral . 
  soon there wo n't be anything to reform . 
   gdp is set to shrink this year by up to 7 % holy shit ... as a comparison we 're implementing pretty hard austerity measures too and ours is set to shrink only [ 3.2 % this year and 0.9 % ] ( http://www.oecd.org/document/41/0,3746,en_33873108_33873764_45270249_1_1_1_1,00.html ) next year , and the prevision is that growth will be back afterwards which gives some hope i guess . 
  of course these are all just forecasts so take it with a grain of salt but i do n't see how there can be any hope left in greece , i 'd be leaving the country for sure . 
  you have a point , but my opinion is not based solely on this article . 
  in fact it 's not based in any article at all although i 've read plenty which show that the lazy southerner narrative is not as circumscribed as you seem to think it is . 
  my opinion , however , comes mainly from the fact that it 's so politically hard for merkel to let europe do anything that might actually solve the eurozone problems which for me is evidence that there are a lot of german voters this misguided . 
  first time i upvoted you , hopefully not the last . 
  more like `` eurozone crisis leaves german ignorant , misguided welder feeling bullied and misunderstood '' . 
  if your books and newspapers tell you this was caused by 55 years of age retirements and mediterranean laziness and you lack the knowledge and critical thinking to realize this is completely false , you 're an idiot .
