  it 's like taking some sick pleasure from a prisoner being ass raped in jail . 
  hey he deserves what he 's getting , right ? 
  in this instance , of course , it is quite a lot more questionable who deserves what . 
  you do know that quite a lot of people are going through serious hardship ? 
  there 's a point it 's not even funny anymore . 
  totally , if you need foreign mercenaries to protect yourself i do n't see how you have any kind of democratic legitimacy to keep on governing . 
  no , apart from that being clearly a joke , dolphins are substantially smarter than pigs . 
  it 's hypocritical if you compare pigs with dogs . 
  i just ca n't do it with dogs , i have had dogs as pets all my life . 
  same way people who ride horses really ca n't look at them as food . 
  yeah , but bacon . 
  dolphin is taking it way too far in my opinion . 
  seriously , dolphins are so smart they should be considered persons . 
  it 's like arguing we should be able to eat a 5 year old human , many people may find them tasty . 
  sure , but then what the fuck are we doing all together if there are no institutions that can defend the common interest . 
  this is like a continent wide tragedy of the commons . 
  racists !, 
  ca n't people worship aliens in peace !, 
  hey , how you doin ? 
  you 're right , there 's a huge generational gap ( not just in internet use btw ) , but particularly in the cities , this just does n't fit my experience . 
  this data really is n't believable . 
  every single person i know , and i know a lot of people from all ages , use the internet weekly . 
  there are more cellphones than people in portugal and the 3g and 4g connectivity is great everywhere . 
  our internet is good and inexpensive . 
  the social security and the finances ( basically taxes ) websites have huge numbers of users as do our banks websites . 
  the values on this map do n't make any sense to any one who actually lives here , specially for the big cities where they are so wrong they make me doubt this entire map . 
  i disagree , all religions are bullshit but they 're not equally harmful . 
  certain religions may very well have no place in modern civilized society while others can coexist with it pretty well . 
  islam and even catholicism are quickly becoming religion `` non grata '' to me , along with scientology and other dangerous cults . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  i guess that it 's good that they at least got convicted . 
  in portugal they would n't be . 
  but in the very doubtful case that they would they would certainly not get a pardon . 
  pardons are now extremely rare in portugal , previously we had them sometimes when celebrating special occasions , and usually they were only given to convicts the prison system had deemed rehabilitated or to the general population on traffic tickets or something . 
   that 's why my swiss girlfriend almost went nuts in portugal ahahah this is how i imagine [ your girlfriend in portugal ] ( http://i.imgur.com/n2uy5.gif ), 
  at least germans have a choice , countries under an austerity program are forced to sell . 
  like we were already forced , among others , to sell our electricity grid , which is one of the stupidest things i can imagine a country selling . 
  i think his point is that the way they 're doing it should be illegal if it is n't yet . 
  misleading the market saying they will exit the euro so they can buy cheaper bonds . 
  these people are evil . 
  i 'm all for the people that analysed the situation and decided europe/market was wrong and took a risk being rewarded , but not those guys which are literally cheating the market , and honestly , they seem to be the majority of the banks nowadays . 
  maybe it was in the start with all the capital flight and some other stuff . 
  right now , i would n't say it is working well for them at all . 
  instead of paying for the debt , which was the plan , greeks are doing their second restructuring . 
  so not only are they not getting paid , now the greeks do n't buy any of their shit because they do n't have any money ( hence the current account becoming balanced ) , so now germans will have to do austerity to regain the loss of competitiveness to the austerity stricken periphery and hope someone in china will buy their stuff . 
  it wo n't work of course as everyone else in europe will also do austerity so they do n't lose competitiveness to germany and we will all be worse . 
  currency wars by internal devaluation sure are fun . 
  i do n't really see how it is working all right for them or for anyone else in europe for that matter . 
  the way this crisis has been managed will be remembered throughout the centuries as one of the most incompetent and inane moments in european politics ever . 
  aka default . 
  that 's not how christmas is done !, 
  is n't that like his job ? 
  i disagree , i think the biggest debate right now is what should the role of the state be , as our state begins to try to either charge for everything or simply not do anything but debt interest payments , as it does n't have any money . 
  the moral high horse has turned into a pony quasimodo . 
   males do n't pay more taxes because of that . 
  males get back less of their taxes because of that . 
  perhaps they get back more because the state pays their healthcare after they destroy their car . 
  i could rewrite the exact same thing this way :  females do n't pay more insurance because of that . 
  females get back less bang for their buck in insurance because of that . 
  perhaps they get back more because the state pays for their pension when they do n't die young in a car accident . 
  seriously , pay attention to your cognitive dissonance on this subject because it is there . 
   are you serious ? 
  paid pregnancy is paid by the state , not the company . 
  does n't matter , then males pay more taxes because of that in addition to the ones due to healthcare of women being more expensive , and women receiving their pensions for more years . 
  not to mention that having a worker absent for months also creates other problems for the companies . 
  if taxes are meant to equalize , then think of this no discrimination in insurance rule , as a hidden tax on women that `` equalizes '' . 
  i do n't see how you can be so cognitively dissonant that you think this is any different . 
  the ecb , european commission , and european lying politicians . 
  there 's no way things will be getting better of course . 
  in fact , this article shows the crisis continues to spread . 
  since europe will continue with the same stubborn policies at least until the german elections in october , only a moron or a deluded person would think things will start getting better by the end of 2013 . 
  they wo n't go up for both , they will go up for women . 
  i do n't care . 
  this needs to be done . 
  male wages are also lower as a result of people not being able to discriminate hiring women on the workplace and women having paid leave when they get pregnant . 
  why the hell should women be protected from all gender related discrimination and not men ? 
  eh , this is actually pretty awesome . 
  if you 're going to knit as a hobby , this seems like a fun and useful project to be part of . 
  good job . 
  is it me or if you multiply the number of publications by 1000 you get the population of each eu country . 
  i 've suggested plenty of solutions in my many posts in / r/europe . 
  so i really do n't know what you mean with `` i 'm still waiting '' , here is a link to [ my most recent post about it ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/151p9n/what_is_an_equal_society_map_of_income_inequality/c7igwpx ) you then go on to say :  which would be better for us than out current budget cuts that wo n't involve other countries paying for our debts . 
  as can be seen by the greek numerous debt restructurings , other countries are the ones paying the debts with austerity too . 
  best : food , climate , beaches , the people 's temperament . 
  worst : our economy is fucking fucked , our wages are low and our taxes high . 
  nah i just do n't trust iq very much and this particular study even less . 
  it 's stupid to request an alternative to austerity , because that implies austerity is a solution . 
  it is not . 
  with austerity you can be sure portugal will not pay for it 's excessive spending because it will be quite broke and defaulting . 
  there needs to be a huge stimulus in europe . 
  it does n't need to be in the southern states or in construction , like you said , portugal does n't need more highways . 
  in the periphery it could be as simple as the troika allowing us to lower company taxes and have a little more time to reform and pay our debts . 
  the more expansionary policies caused by the stimulus in other places would help us recover the right way , by exporting there . 
  another target should be for slightly higher inflation , do quantitative easing if necessary , there needs to be quite a lot more of it so we can recover our competitiveness quicker and people actually have jobs . 
  this would also help deleverage the hugely indebted public and private sectors . 
  anyway , you may disagree with this solution . 
  then think of something else because austerity does not work - it is making it worse . 
  it only makes sense to ask for an `` alternative '' to a solution , if what you have actually is a solution . 
  you do n't need an `` alternative '' to austerity , you need a `` solution '' to the economic crisis because you do n't have one right now . 
  if we prolong austerity long enough , it will work , inequality will disappear because we will be all equal in being poor and dead .
