  not that you will run into problems unless your excel uses a lot of macros . 
  ah , another american writing about gypsies who does n't understand . 
   poverty and inequality -- perpetuated by hatred and prejudice ahahah , she actually thinks this is the problem gypsies have in europe . 
  it certainly has nothing to do with their culture and way of living . 
  gypsies will stop being discriminated the moment they decide to integrate ( they could start by letting their young people go to school and marry non gypsies ) and stop being thieves and beggars . 
  seriously , i actually think it would be almost instantaneous . 
  funny story , the bailed out countries also contribute to each other bailouts . 
   ca n't you imagine there would be other ways to spend/invest this money , no not for germany , if they started doing that they might actually have higher wages and the competitiveness gap could have disappeared by now . 
  they have n't lost squat yet , and unless they do debt cuts on official debt i do n't see how they will either . 
  populist much ? 
  you mean to tell me the cameras everywhere did n't tip you off ? 
   but the portuguese only made colonies where there was no sign of human development in the vicinity . 
  that is not completely true , we made colonies in india and malaysia where there was certainly quite a lot of development . 
  you could say the portuguese were the first ones spreading democracy - the american way - as the only sultanate in malaysia without a sultan ( which has a governor ) is the one we decided to land in . 
  the closest thing we have may be `` z\u00e9 povinho '' , which you could translate as `` john rabble '' or something like that as i do n't think there 's an english word that quite captures the meaning of `` povinho '' . 
  he is usually pictured making offensive hand signs and a google image search will certainly be enlightening . 
  people know how to build quake safe buildings for centuries now , including in japan , all you need is to use wood . 
  the japanese were also quite advanced of course , they had markers below which you could n't build due to the possibility of tsunamis and had all sorts of adaptations so their buildings could resist earthquakes . 
  the reason for japanese being sort of retarded when it comes to some areas of medicine is cultural and better explained in this post : http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/1jxy39/tech_savvy_folks_of_reddit_what_are_the_most/cbjflg9 people here thinking that the japanese were not an advanced society sort of baffles me . 
  there 's a reason the portuguese only did good business with them as opposed to making a colony there . 
  from what i can grasp from / r/portugal , portuguese emigrants living in france , that speak a mix of french and portuguese , are easily the most annoying group around here . 
  that 's pretty much the problem with only doing austerity , you 're in a constant feedback loop . 
  people buy less things , people are fired and get their wages reduced , people buy less things . 
  portuguese exports increased quite a lot because of the opening of the refinery expansion i talked about . 
  i guess the advantage of being a small country is that with just a couple of good projects we can fix our economy . 
  the reason i 'm only cautiously happy is due to the other factors that helped this quarter 's growth which are n't as sustainable as the export increase , and our still very huge debt which weighs heavily in our budget . 
  also , portuguese unemployment actually went down . 
   i forgot how to handle good news though ... you and i bro . 
  i 'm taking it with a huge grain of salt , there has been a surge in construction due to the municipal elections ( this construction was needed by the way , the municipalities have been cost cutting and a lot of our cities were starting to get really degraded ) which will all but completely stop in a few months , the opening of the new expansion of our biggest refinery is also a factor , the delay in some austerity measures , etc. 
  so , i 'm very conservative with my reaction to these news . 
  i 'm still cautiously happy about it of course . 
  it 's just a series of tubes really , even old american senators get it . 
   this graph shows 2011 private debt levels ( % of gdp ) against 2011 trade balance there 's your mistake . 
  you need to correlate with trade balances before 2011 as there has been a huge trade balance correction recently . 
  i 'm not saying they are correlated , i 'm just saying your graph does n't show that hypothesis to be wrong . 
  quite relevant nowadays . 
  portugal at ~ 140 now . 
   updated 8/8/2013 5:35 pm est : we have removed the information in this post at the request of bridgewater associates , lp . 
  however , if you want to see more recent coverage about the fund check out some of the links below . 
  holy shit !, 
  what was there !, 
  eh i guess you guys will be defaulting again soon , maybe we will join you this time . 
  it 's good , but in the case of portugal the recovery will be quite short lived . 
  the only reason we are n't doing so bad right now is because the troika allowed us to have another 1 % deficit this year and with all the government instability some austerity measures are being delayed . 
  the austerity measures obviously ca n't be delayed much further else we wo n't be able to respect our deals with the troika , so expects us to go back to contraction quite soon unless europe 's economy starts doing extremely well . 
  europe 's economy will eventually recover , once all the debt has been shifted from banks into official institutions like the imf , esm , ecb , etc. 
  of course , that takes quite a long time using this shitty masquerading method europe is doing . 
  humm lisbon could use another airport , we just ca n't afford to build it , how much for shipping ? 
  i agree , however , his posts were removed without good reason before that happened , yes he behaved poorly afterwards , but the fact still stands that the first wrongdoing was by the mod team . 
  i do n't see much of a problem with eating a species of whale whose population is sustainable and that is reasonably dumb ( pig level which is quite smart already , seems ok to me ) which may be the case with this species . 
  i might try it myself . 
  i just think indiscriminately hunting whales and other cetaceans like the japanese do is barbaric . 
  that does n't seem to be the case though . 
  have you ever measured your iq ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you are one of humanity 's biggest geniuses . 
  [ edit ] geez / r/europe it was just sarcasm at the silly question in the submission and original article title , and ridiculously direct answer provided by presuminged . 
  the way i see it , he seems like someone that responded really badly to police abuse , so the police abused him even more . 
  now the courts say the police was right , due to his actions , completely ignoring the initial abuse that escalated the situation . 
  there was an initial abuse by the mods , yes , he responded poorly to it , but that 's no reason to ignore what happened . 
  this heavy handed style of modding continues to alienate people from this sub and both attracting and creating new trolls . 
  whales are not fish ... 
  either way , your argument is right . 
  i would also add that some cetaceans like dolphins and killer whales ( not limited to these 2 ) are extremely smart . 
  frankly , i think it is unethical to hunt and eat animals that are so smart , they 're essentially non-human persons in my opinion . 
  i disagree , he was making good points . 
  his posts got deleted for no reason at all . 
  well , are you going to remove the mod who deleted his posts for being a dick too ? 
  btw what the hell is this bullshit about his username being questionable ?? 
  this is beyond ridiculous . 
  now / r/europe has a username policy ? 
  i like how you even used the correct capitalization , your grammatically correct support is appreciated . 
  it 's not just interest rates , they 're also continuing quantitative easing . 
  hey uk , can we use your currency instead please ? 
   you just picked that number out your ass you fool . 
  source : http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/18/world/europe/more-children-in-greece-start-to-go-hungry.html?pagewanted=all, 
  you 're wrong , it is not a fraction of 1 % , it 's more like 10 % . 
  you die from other things so it does n't show up in the stats . 
  deaths are also not the only problem , children cognitive development impairment due to malnutrition may mean that greece will have an entire generation with a lower iq . 
  if true it is kind of interesting if you consider that in the last couple of months we stopped having new austerity measures with all the government instability . 
   the thing is , or at least what i think he is trying o say , is that the world we live in now is very different from the world 60 years ago . 
  that type of listing or cataloging of citizens is already available by the governments by many other means , and approving this law does n't change that fact . 
  i disagree , sane , free countries , have strict rules about what can be catalogued in a way that will be traceable to an individual person . 
  just because the nsa and other organizations break these rules does not make it ok .  un would never abide by that i feel safer already . 
   but i am not british , so i am not in any position to judge or criticize those who support the law . 
  i do n't see why you think you ca n't give your opinion on it and judge/criticize , they obviously do n't need to care about it , but you definitely can and should criticize them . 
   because britons , say what you want about them , they 're not iranians . 
  and even if a conservative gov ' t gets in power , it will not be the same kind of conservative as muslim brotherhood in egypt ... well not now , but you never know what the future holds . 
   and you win the prize because you compared some guy asking isps to put a filter on porn ( that you can always disable ) with the holocaust !!!, 
  the holocaust !, 
  why am i explaining to you why this is moronic i do n't know !, 
  i compared the porn filter opt out list , with the list the dutch had with religious affiliations for tax purposes . 
  there was nothing wrong with the dutch list either . 
  in the dutch instance it did help the holocaust , but there can be a range of other nefarious consequences that do n't necessarily go that far but are nonetheless undesirable . 
  how you can fail to see the parallels ? 
   plus , you 're already surveilled as fuck on the internet ... more than communists ever did before the fall of the wall ... but you get your panties in bunch as soon as they touch your ability to have porn a click away . 
  yeah i do n't agree with that either . 
  no one is messing with my ability to watch porn as i apparently still live in a free country , something the uk is quickly giving away in the name of protecting children and being afraid of terrorists . 
  care to explain why ? 
  this sort of things has happened before in recorded human history , in fact , similar things happen nowadays in islamic countries . 
  why would you think your country is immune ?
