  it 's an art really , you put all the right formulas in an excel , then you iteratively change your inputs until you are getting the result you had previously decided you wanted . 
  that the imf , european politicians and european economists that supported this , still have any credibility ; is something that baffles me . 
  they keep admitting the mistake yet nothing changes , we 're doing the same policies . 
  if europe does n't fix the underlying problems with the euro itself , greece can do whatever the hell reforms greeces wants , they will still be going down . 
  you 're delusional if you think this is just an internal greek problem . 
  is n't this going to put huge pressure on spanish and slovenian banks ? 
  are we retarded and trying to make this crisis last forever or something ? 
  ahahahah we look before crossing most of the time . 
  at least we drive on the right side of the road !, 
   yeah , because before the euro , portugal was a land of riches maybe not but we were growing . 
   portugal was a land of riches with no unemployment the no unemployment part is true , portugal had less than 6 % mean unemployment in the 10 years before we entered the euro . 
   and unexpected , sudden , and radical changs always work so well to achive economic stability . 
  this is really all people have to fear , but the current path is quite scary too . 
   there is n't significant low-level corruption among civil servants , policemen , etc. 
  you must n't systematically grease palms to get medical help or to avoid a traffic ticket . 
  this is very true . 
  it did n't use to be like this just 20-30 years ago , but things definitely changed . 
  i remember as a young boy being ashamed that my grandfather tried to grease every public servant he came in contact with . 
  that was just how he was used to doing things , but it was n't the norm anymore , so i witnessed many times as they awkwardly refused money from the nice older gentleman , and did what he asked anyway . 
  after reading ti website and methodology docs , it seems you 're right , i ca n't explain it then . 
  we should definitely , at least , seriously consider this . 
  it 's not like what we 're doing now is working . 
  i think i have a theory for this which is probably also valid for portugal . 
  if your country has lots of unemployed the perception of corruption is lower . 
  you need to be employed to be in contact with most forms of corruption . 
  if you add up the unemployed , the retired , the students , this is a huge chunk of the population that simply does not have contact with corruption , since we have already eradicated most of the low level corruption people used to be in contact with . 
  oh i 'm pretty sure those 2 are think tank faggots . 
  we do n't really care about what economists say . 
  i disagree . 
  what is currently crushing the market confidence for the euro is that we are n't doing anything and that the eurozone economic output keeps shrinking . 
  i think the confidence gained from the fact that we would be finally doing what is needed , and the boost to economic output , would more than compensate any loss of confidence due to printing . 
  they should be making pleas to the other bank in frankfurt , they seem to be calling the shots anyway . 
  this would piss me off . 
  the eurostat knew about it so everyone knew about it , so it 's more like we did n't care that they cheat . 
  does n't matter , europe is still waiting for france or similar to get seriously fucked up before doing something . 
   many claim to have been atheists and wild when they were younger . 
  ahh the old , your atheism is just a phase argument . 
  you also have a ton of private and public sector debt that you need to deleverage , so one thing does have to do with the other . 
  both the private and public sector are cutting back to pay their debts , where is the money going to come from ? 
  some imaginary export market ? 
  yes , several people have already proven to him with tons of links and official statistics that austerity has in fact been done , he refuses to acknowledge this and denies that austerity has even been tried in every post he makes on this sub . 
  do not lose your time . 
  i know , it 's the devil . 
  you know what also sucks for regular people and their small savings ? 
  losing their job . 
  do n't you know ? 
  inflation is the devil !, 
  it might . 
  it might also do the reverse if people decide this not working is proof that stimulus does n't work either , when in fact the stimulus was not nearly enough . 
  i 'm also getting sick of europe doing half baked measures like this one , to pretend they 're doing something to address the problem , and delay doing what 's actually needed . 
  still , it 's definitely good news , i may have become too cynical . 
  this is a good sign , but i fear we are going at it stupidly again . 
  germany alone , will never provide enough of a stimulus . 
  so , in the end , the accusations of throwing good money after bad will seem right as people see little effect from what was done . 
  i do n't really see the problem with building a mosque in athens , i do see a big problem with this :  members of the ultra-right national front have led dozens of protesters in a march against the greek government 's plans to build the first ** state-funded ** mosque in athens , the capital . 
  why is the state funding it ? 
  oh i agree , i would love to tax the hell out of them . 
  is n't everyone in europe often drunk ? 
  it 's the traditional drug of our rich culture and a very proper thing to do !, 
  things only get fucked up when you start using drugs that are not traditional in your culture . 
  europeans had hundreds of generations to get used to alcohol . 
  leave the opiates to the chinese . 
  you defend a completely useless , just for the press , measure ; the kind of which european politicians keep doing , and i 'm the fuckwit ? 
  i do n't need to offer an alternative solution because what you have right now is no solution at all . 
  the `` solution '' is obviously to actually fix the eurozone or break it up entirely . 
  stuff like this is just sand in your eyes . 
  seriously ? 
  go fuck yourself . 
   it 's a drop in a bucket but more like a drop in an ocean . 
   at least we are trying to do something . 
  sometimes doing this kind of shit is worse than doing nothing , because you get to make these feel good press releases , so people think the issue is being addressed when in fact it is n't . 
  you 're probably young as the name is n't used much nowadays . 
  there used to be plenty of girls named `` ester '' , `` esther '' is not permitted as that 's not how you spell it in portuguese . 
  portugal here . 
  we also have `` valdemar '' as a male name . 
  * barroso, 
  should n't you be happy about this ? 
  it means they integrated well . 
  i 'm pretty sure the explanation is that they 're gay . 
  the kind of dude that would rape a gay man to teach him a lesson . 
  [ relevant southpark episode ] ( http://www.southparkstudios.com/full-episodes/s11e02-cartman-sucks ) . 
  this sub is filled with denialists . 
  denialists that europe is fucked up , denialists that austerity is even happening , denialists that they are fucking us up , denialists that this plan is n't working , denialists of the real causes of this crisis . 
  what i found out with this crisis is that europeans are fucking rednecks , i can tell you this was quite a surprise for me . 
  it 's those damn videogames !, 
  this pretty much shows how horribly dysfunctional the eurozone is . 
  more like shrink rates of gdp . 
  lovely story , gentle old ladies are the best . 
  kudos on standing up for yourself and your child . 
  aahahah sometimes portuguese , call you guys `` bifes '' , as in a raw steak . 
  althought , it 's not derrogatory , it is just a reference to the colour you guys get because you do n't use enough sun screen and get horrible sunburns . 
   them having children of course is biologically unnatural . 
  as you have , in further proof of my point , just reiterated ; this is your main argument . 
  anyway , they 're not having children . 
  they 're taking care of children and that 's perfectly natural . 
  in fact , many biologists think that 's how homosexuality evolved , taking care of the closely related offspring of your tribe can be a great evolutionary strategy . 
  not that i care about what 's fucking natural . 
  it 's not a stupid comparison because your main argument was that it was `` biologically unnatural '' . 
  it seems you only care about what is biologically natural when it suits you . 
  i think some people were just took by surprise as there was n't that much debate on this as our chief concerns have been mainly economic matters .
