hehe :p  , 
  til yiddish is a germanic language . 
  because you are 12 years old, 
  [ russia right now ] ( http://screenrant.com/wp-content/uploads/star-wars-7-rumor-emperor-returning.jpg ), 
  holy shit !, 
  you 've linked 2 wikipedia pages and a reddit thread . 
  master academic investigator at work !, 
  russia is part of asia you muppets . 
  can mods auto-remove anything relating to russia pls ? 
  bloody germans, 
  now that 's a good old man, 
  back then , budapest would have been part of the austro-hungarian empire, 
  good times m8, 
  and you want to add them to your federation ? 
  i bet you # 1,000 that there wo n't be free movement . 
  what you 're doing is called projection . 
  you will actually be blocked at the uk border while any person who is of african or middle eastern appearance is entitled to enter your country through the german province and receive support . 
  let that sink in for a minute, 
  remember next time when merkel tells you how many refugees you are required to take-in , following her unilateral decision to open your borders . 
  remember when she sours your federation 's relationship with russia and the usa , and tries to take away your tax haven status through federal legislation . 
  while that 's happening to the european compatriots , we 'll be teamed up with the usa using our power and influence to make deals and ensure world stability . 
  you 're about to get rekt so hard and you do n't even know it . 
  eu is going bye-bye . 
  it 's fine , you have new masters and we 've both moved on . 
  nice to see the people of the european federation showing some love to the province of ireland, 
  plus you grow dank weed, 
  and to be honest , you guys are efficient as fuck with the little land you have . 
  true , you can literally walk down the street to the next country, 
  it 's not like your maps are big in the nl anyways, 
  sorry if i did n't give you the attention you feel you deserved . 
  but i wo n't argue with you about how you feel . 
  i 'm not your friend or your psychiatrist . 
  if you want to discuss facts then i might give you the satisfaction of arguing . 
  please , stop listing your feelings . 
  use facts if you want to argue . 
  i do n't respond to emotional bs . 
  ouch , you poor swede just got badly triggered . 
  i appreciate that you share your exacerbated feelings . 
  all goals you will never achieve ( except the constitution , you 're good at this kind of bureaucracy ) . 
  - migrant crisis is a disaster ( germany decided unilaterally to let everyone in , then demands that other countries share the burden ) - europe moves as fast as their most reluctant member . 
  for instance , a trade deal with australia was thrown in jeopardy because italy was resisting the import of canned tomatoes . 
  same with the wallons and the canadian deal . 
  - overburdening regulation is harming business . 
  for instance , the basel agreements regulating banks capital requirements , curbing lending and forcing too much capital to remain dormant . 
  - negative interest rates . 
  ( helps the rich get richer as they can go on asset purchasing sprees ) - law based on an irrational code thrown together 20 years ago by a team of bureaucrats . 
  unlike british common law that has naturally evolved over 1,200 years . 
  - property law is extremely confusing and inefficient in european countries versus the uk . 
  - europe causes tension on russian border trying to strengthening ties with ukraine . 
  does n't understand russia will not tolerate foreign influence on its border , indirectly causes ukraine conflict , then does nothing about it ( silently waits for it to stop ) - centralised monetary policy not flexible and adaptive to individual nations ' situation . 
  - europe let the massacre in yougoslavia happen without doing anything to deescalate the situation . 
  - cameron attempted to negotiate a last minute agreement with the eu . 
  was given nothing , silly european ministers thought the brits were bluffing ( major gaffe ) . 
  for the record , i love europe and its peoples . 
  but do n't think for one freakin second i will bow to the will of your silly ministers . 
  brexit was n't a call for a little england . 
  it was an attempt to escape from a little europe . 
  maybe if the eu was n't so poorly run they would n't be facing an `` existential threat '' . 
  just sayin . 
  europe has only itself to blame . 
  #by going to france hahaha that is quite hilarious as they are extremely not as business friendly as the uk . 
  all jokes aside , they may move some back office staff in charge of settling euro denominated transactions , but if there was a bookie out there who would take this bet , i would put money on hsbc not relocating any significant amounts of employees from london to paris . 
  hsbc have been saying this for years ( even before brexit became a reality ) . 
  `` in the cruel world of academics '' . 
  lol . 
  try showbizz , marketing , law , healthcare , manufacturing , finance , politics ... `` the cruel world of academics '' ... with all your safe spaces, 
  ok fair point, 
  oh i 'm sorry but according to the smithonian , 50 % of academic papers are read only by their author and publisher . 
  sorry if the facts do n't reflect your feelies . 
  nice value signaling , but no one reads academic papers . 
  literally the author and the journal 's editor . 
  putin would most likely have been speaking german to merkel, 
  thank fuck for the us of a. 
  my argument is clear : open border policy is destroying europe and anyone who 's too afraid to say it , or think european culture is evil and deserves to be wiped out is a public enemy . 
  was n't aware of that , but i guess it makes sense . 
  but it does n't change the fact that those who come to germany/sweden have been through several peaceful countries before arriving in germany/sweden . 
  to be honest , i 'm not opposed to helping actual war refugees . 
  but i do n't think this should be used as a reason for africans and pakistanis to flood europe . 
  we should be helping the children , women and persecuted minorities ( yazidis , kurds , christians , jews ... ), 
  sorry , not an argument . 
  no thank you . 
  i 've never been affected by groupthink and sheep mentality like you . 
  maybe i was just lucky at birth and are n't as weak as you are . 
  in any case , i 'm not afraid to say what 's right despite the pathetic insults the thoughtpolice throw at me . 
  ok , i appreciate you developing your thoughts , but i find your points very naive . 
  syrians are not running away from bullets . 
  because between syria and germany , there 's jordan , lebanon , turkey , greece , macedonia , bulgaria , romania , serbia , hungary , slovakia , poland and czech republic which are not at war . 
  also , 80 % of illegal immigrants that came in the last year are young men . 
  should n't we be prioritising women and children ? 
  well since they are invited to come at their own risk , only men can make the perilous journey . 
  this is actually very discriminatory and promotes the survival of the fittest . 
  people are coming from pakistan , sub-saharan africa , north africa , the middle-east . 
  many lie about their age and pretend to be children . 
  they do n't have the respect for women that you an i have . 
  i agree that in theory , your point of is valid . 
  but i think you need to leave the theoretical models and understand the real world . 
  because you think europe is going to deport the million illegal immigrants that came in last year ? 
  if you do n't agree with the term `` open door policy '' ( which it is ) , then how would you describe the situation . 
  do you agree with what 's going on ? 
  do you think it 's sustainable ?
