  while migrants deserve everything good and no critisism is acceptable towards them . 
  i m just trying to understand the western european point of view , am i close ? 
  as an eastern european thank you for your kind words . 
  so immigrants are acceptable but eeu is a shithole that you can look down upon from your high nordic intellectual stratosphere ? 
  except we have one . 
  other countries dont so there, 
  then you know dogshit ... audi makes up a huge part of hungarian gdp ( minek pofazol ha semmit sem tudsz ), 
  neither hungary nor the eu has the power to stop the madness in africa and the middle east . 
  the usa has been trying to placate the middle east for the last 50 years , do you see any progress ? 
  if you want the uk to be flooded by the 60 million genuine refugees ( whilst number for potential migrants is limitless , basically more than half of the current world population has a worse standard of living than anywhere in the eu so would have a justifiable economic reason to move to the uk ) be my guest . 
  we just got our country back in 1989 , we would like to enjoy it a little before we give them over to `` brown people '' with cultures totally foreign to ours . 
  we just have to seal off greece ( they are hopeless ) , most of the works are already under construction : http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/624488/europe-border-fences-migrant-crisis, 
  we did it last summer . 
  yes it 's called double standard ;-) i think many white western europeans are frustrated by not being able to speak up against `` brown '' minorities ( blacks , ppl from india , pakistan , bangladesh etc ) in their country because they could lose their job , their friends etc. 
  just for speaking up ... so they lash out on those who are not protected by mainstream culture : eastern europeans . 
  we are an easy target because you can say anything about us in the west and nobody bats an eyelid . 
  it is just pure double standard . 
  the funny thing is : if you do n't have a strong accent , no one can tell you are an eastern european ... they do n't see any difference until you tell them . 
  so if it bothers you just don t tell them . 
   i can guarantee that if that actually happened , turkey would be squashed like the little economy it is . 
  not with soft ineffectual intellectual leaders like merkel, 
   also some of you call this blackmail but if eu refuses to help us in we have no reason to prevent the refugees who 's trying to pass to europe . 
  it is blackmail but the solution is simple : closing down the borders in bulgaria , romania , hungary and croatia . 
  just not letting anyone in . 
  we do n't need turkey 's ... `` help '', 
  i do n't . 
  but we can not let the eu die just because one member does n't give a shit about protecting its borders , which would be its duty ... truth is greece comes across to me as very irresponsible , first financially and now in general . 
   i do n't even know why we 're calling these people british anymore , they go against everything we stand for , they refuse to integrate , they threaten us and ultimately abandon our country to go and commit heinous acts against us and other countries , and let me tell you , in my eyes , that makes them everything but british . 
  that reminds me a story a hungarian colleague in her 40-50s told me about when she entered the uk for the first time in the late 70s and the immigration officer was a pakistani woman and how odd she felt about the situation that a non european decides whether a european white can get into another european country . 
  those countries are willing to defend their borders if that is a schengen border . 
  and if the eu offers help in doing so because flooding of eu with migrants is a major problem they would not refuse . 
  look at spain , they do have huge fences which deals with most of the problem . 
  greece is just ... irresponsible with money , spending large when hardly producing anything valuable ... and now just letting in everyone from africa to flood the eu . 
  the sooner you are kicked out the better . 
   you talk like you live in germany or the uk ... 
  i dont live in hungary since 2011 - anyhow , why should my location in the eu influence what you think of my arguments ? 
  greece says it is not possible to protect its shores . 
  greece is a hopeless black hole anyway . 
  the eu should give up any hopes on greece , be real and defend the rest of the schengen borders . 
  2 things : no funding , and merkel inviting all refugees in would have made it pointless anyway, 
  sweden is fine . 
  it s just the resident non swedes who cause this problem, 
  like i said i am sure you will find a way to protect your shores . 
  all you need is your northern neighbours to physically isolate you so that all migrants who enter your shores will get stuck in greece . 
  and of course the eu needs to kick you out from schengen which was long overdue . 
  kaposvar is surprisingly nice , i did my german language exam there back in 2006 . 
  i was expecting a run down dirty commie rust bucket like ozd or dunaujvaros , and was very pleasantly surprised, 
  if the people collecting his taxes are idiots how is that irony ? 
  seems a logical step, 
  oh yeah that 's it just try to discredit the person . 
  god forbid you address his actual point with arguments ... you could not since he is clearly right . 
   that 's a non answer . 
  there is no way to protect sea borders that are right next to another country 's from non armed immigrants without using violence . 
  police use violence , so what ? 
  even ancient greece could protect its shores from maritime invaders . 
  of course it is impossible to do the same in 2016 . 
  especially if you can blackmail germany with letting in everyone until germany agrees to write off all your debts to them . 
   no we would find a way . 
  of course you would . 
  because this time it would hurt you , not europe . 
  as they say in your country ` he who pays the piper calls the tune ', 
  i am okay with german dominance since they are paying most of the eu budget . 
  it s just merkel s insanity about the refugees/migrants that is a huge problem here, 
  no we would find a way . 
  so what happens when all your neighbours on your north close down their borders with you ? 
  will the migrants stay in greece 4ever and just keep coming and coming ? 
  i wonder if that would change greece 's attitude ? 
  so you give up protecting your borders . 
  obligated by whom ? 
  we built a fence in spite of western eu spitting on us and calling us nazi for it . 
  now they are building fences too . 
  maybe you should grow some balls or else why do you have borders at all if people can just come in anytime ? 
  and all you do is finding excuses after excuses why you can not do anything about it . 
  you are a sovereign country . 
  try to act like one, 
  that i meant to our borders , not yours . 
  if i were greece i would turn them ships back using my navy and ask brussels to fund the project . 
  what pisses us off is that it seems greece doesn t give a fuck and just lets all people in ... what kinda attitude is that ? 
  is this supposed to be a revenge on germany or sth ? 
  if greece just lets all migrants cross their country then there is really no reason why greece should be part of schengen . 
  in any case we need to build solid border defence not expecting any progress on the greek border . 
  / and now let the downvoting begin :-) /, 
  what i find very odd is that we hungarians don t need a visa to the us but polish people do . 
  what is the logic behind this ? 
  mea culpa then ... 
  simple : you refused eu help on controlling your borders . 
  you tried to take advantage of the situation , kinda blackmailing the germans . 
  i am pretty fed up with greece and i do n't even care much in general, 
  is this not coming from the same germans who spat on hungary last summer for building a fence to control the schengen borders in our south ? 
   the country 's economy is in the toilet , it 's by no fault of its is this a joke ? 
  whose fault is it ? 
  let me guess : germany ? 
  / no it was good , you may stay /, 
  airbus makes pretty good planes , i actually prefer them to boeing in general . 
  it used to be the other way round, 
  vw is still quite expensive . 
  skoda would be the same price level and still part of the vw family ... 
  then don t invite them muslims to europe, 
  and btw , who is forgetting the nazi threat ? 
  as if it was n't coming out of ( in thick steams every second ) the mainstream media , public education , popular culture ( movies ) ... i am quite bored honestly .
