  none . 
  what will happen ? 
  chaos , anarchy . 
  likewise , if we say `` this is what the politicians should do '' is meaningless as long as we can not force them and/or make them accountable . 
  `` politicians also do n't get paid a lot here '' - that just means they are easier target for corruption . 
  and look - i do n't want to get into a `` who is better netherland or hungary `` dick contest because this would be childish and beside the point . 
  the point is , the current democratic system around the world is rotten , corrupt and outdated . 
  the only reason it is not updated is people who directly benefit from the system are also in control of whether or not the system gets an update . 
  in short , it will never change unless we force politicians to change it . 
  we have the internet , yet we still vote using paper , and we are only allowed to select between 2 dictators - and the winner will be a dictator for 4 years . 
  i am sure we can devise a much fairer , more transparent and healthy way to organize our communities ' social and economic system . 
  thank you - where are you from ? 
   while in reality all votes should n't really be equal because not every voter is informed as much as another . 
  the problem with that is those `` well informed '' people have also selfish interests that they follow , so in many cases it 's not about how well informed somebody is but what is in his direct selfish interest . 
  you and the article are confusing 2 things that have nothing to do with each other . 
  you confuse `` equal before the law '' with `` equal in quality '' . 
  a rich man and a homeless guy are equal before the law meaning the same rules apply for both of them . 
  in reality ... 
  i do n't have to explain the justification behind every men should have 1 vote is precisely the same as why every men are equal before the law . 
  nobody ever said that people are equal in any quality ( how well informed , good looking , intelligent etc ) , so my problem is why `` debunk '' something that nobody ever was stupid enough to articulate . 
  ever . 
  so both you and the article are totally ... weird . 
  thank you for the condescending `` try to understand '' crap , but maybe you should take your own advice first and then hand it out to others - not the other way round . 
   it 's their job to be a lot more informed than your average citizen no their job is to sell themselves in the political market and then they follow their own selfish interest like everyone else . 
  there is no real accountability so i do not see anything forcing politicians to be informed . 
  what is the worse you can do to a politician if you are not satisfied ? 
  maybe try to send him away in 4 years ? 
  what a threat ... in 4 years they can steal more than enough to escape 4ever and live happily after where nobody finds them . 
  really ? 
  what is the worst thing that you can do to your politician ? 
  send him away , but you have to wait 4 years patiently , during which he can steal and laugh in your face . 
  you 're not addressing my main rebuttal of your point i.e. 
  the weaknesses of the average voter also applies to the politicians , so how is this an argument for direct democracy being worse ? 
  started reading but : `` aprioristic equality '' : here the article points out that the `` assumption '' all voters are equally informed ( wtf ?! ), 
  is false . 
  nobody assumed that , and how is that in any shape or form an answer to why direct democracy would n't work . 
  jesus ... and again , are politicians all well informed ? 
  of course not . 
  you talk as if politicians would n't just follow their own self interest , as if politicians would n't be corrupt or easily bought by any big corporation . 
  of course , there is nothing more terrifying for our politicians than real democracy . 
  however i do believe there is a much better way in which direct , self regulating , decentralized communities could actually work . 
  imagine a big house 's community , they organize themselves , everyone votes , everyone shares the burden equally , and the common issues around the house are kept nice and clean . 
  with no central dictator organizing it from the capital . 
  do you seriously believe that the current ( minimum centuries old ) political system is the best and can not be improved ? 
  i agree media should be left free - freedom of speech is one of the key cornerstones of any modern society - but it does not change a democracy into pure dictatorship . 
  i hope we will remove orban and find someone more in line with modern values , however not a weak spineless pussy like his current opponents . 
  i do n't want a merkel thank you ... 
  the private pension funds were not embezzled but the procedure of offering a choice between staying a paying member or letting your money merge with the government funds was really shady indeed i agree with you in that aspect . 
  in real life , if you did not want your pension money to be swallowed by the government you had to go physically in person to a central office - which was only available in county seats , so not all towns - and fill in and sign a paper that you wanted that . 
  since most of the people are lazy , it guaranteed by practice that only fanatics like me did that . 
  but as a result , i still have my money at bb so saying the money was embezzled is just not true . 
  if you wanted to keep it you had been offered a way to do so . 
  my word , i never would have thought i would ever find myself defending orban , but in the contrast of merkel 's idiocy he really looks like a lesser of two evils . 
  nobody ever blamed germany for causing the syrian war . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the problems in the middle-east have been existing for the last 70 years , even the almighty usa could not amend the situation . 
  look at just israel vs palestine , has there been any progress since the beginning of their conflict ? 
  europe is running our of time quickly now , but you think what we should do is pouring our hard earned resources and efforts to solving the problems in the middle-east which have been impossible to solve even for the usa ? 
  well said, 
  never happened - remained just a bad idea, 
  germany is a wealthy country for the last 70 years , hungary has been poor always . 
  nothing to do with merkel and orban . 
  if orban ruled germany and merkel hungary , germany would be still as wealthy and hungary would remain as poor as before . 
  as for `` keine unabh\u00e4ngigen medien '' : the biggest news portal is www.index.hu , liberal and heavily anti orban . 
  but i am sure you know my country better ... and for the record , i never voted for orban , i have always been against him . 
  what is that 10 billion euros orban embezzled ? 
  source please ? 
  i read hungarian news , it is brutally anti orban , the most popular news website is liberal : www.index.hu i never voted for orban but saying hungary is not a democracy sounds empty to me . 
  orban ruled between 1998 - 2002 and lost elections after till 2010 . 
  now the problem is the weakness of our opposition parties , but that is not orban s fault . 
  they are the same as merkel and they are in a coalition together that rules germany . 
  if you think they are a real alternative ... 
  ye , like those smaller eu countries would let germany do that . 
  we would rather quit this whole merkel-istan madness . 
  germany can take the whole world 's poor population in , just leave us out of this suicide project you idiot cow merkel, 
  we did n't invite the refugees/migrants whatever , on the contrary , we were practically begging them not to come . 
  merkel said all syrians are welcome . 
  and now they are coming and when they come , a german guy says `` oh ye just send them back to these smaller eu countries who never asked for them in the first place '' why would any of us accept them from germany ? 
  germany asked for them - keep them or leave them but dont push them back to us . 
  if you dont want them , fly them back to where they came from . 
  deal with it - you caused it , not us . 
  merkel invites all syrians to germany , then tries to force them on the rest of the eu regardless of how badly they don t want them . 
  is this the german idea of working together ? 
  most of our export went to germany , the economic ties were strong - still are, 
  can i still watch porn ? 
  ewa kopacz looks like a corpse , as if she was a zombie with no spark of life inside . 
  empty , vacuous eyes , frog-like head . 
  she s not even smiling in the posters . 
  i have no idea about polish politics , but this is my impression about the pictures i saw in warsaw recently, 
  orban is the only choice , all other option are not popular and weak . 
  we have a `` democracy '' where you can choose from 1 . 
  just like germany - you can choose merkel , or you else can choose merkel . 
  otherwise you are a xenophob nazi so animals like you should n't vote anyway, 
   just yelling we do n't want refugees , is a violation of numerous treaties , amongst them many which exactly those countries profited from . 
  orban came up with many suggestions , i only found this 6 point plane from about a month ago : http://www.independent.com.mt/articles/2015-09-23/world-news/orban-s-six-point-plan-6736142492 the problem is it 's a media fight , and most of the western media articles misrepresent or only highligh negative things about him . 
  so it 's the germans who do this :-) i always wondered, 
  `` doctors have refused to attend call-outs alone to a camp near calden after being harassed by intimidating gangs . 
  last month an ambulance was reportedly attacked at the camp , which houses more than 1,300 refugees . '', 
  wow, 
  ah , found the article : http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-34329459,
