  so dt was a little overreacting by pulling the plug on him , but dt has the right to do that . 
  and so does our government to react that way , though it is harmful for both parties . 
  i really wish \u00c1kos would have just kept his bigoted mouth shut ... but there you go , in this pc world you can have any opinion you like ... as long as it agrees with pc, 
  in germany you go to prison for denying the holocaust happened . 
  is germany north-korea then in terms of freedom of speech ? 
  so is the government then , no ? 
  yeah but germany has very similar opinion, 
  and apologies when orb\u00e1n says crazy things , we just sadly do n't have a good alternative on the political spectrum yet . . though when it comes to refuggees i agree with most of the things he says, 
  i would like to vote for a party that : 1 , does not support mass immigration into my country ( genuine war refugees are okay to come , but even in their case there must be a rational upper limit drawn ie my country can afford economically to support ) 2 , is not nationalist/fascist but is liberal and prefers a smaller state because it realizes the simple fact that economic prosperity has to be the number 1 goal since everything cost money in today 's world i can not see any single party i could vote for in hungary , neither anywhere else in the eu, 
  i smell trianon, 
  wait , is it no longer taboo to say this obvious fact aloud ? 
  wow . 
  does frau merkel approve yet ? 
  after so much shit thrown at hungary for saying that from the beginning , it is interesting to see western eu now slowly but surely turning ... of course by this time no one will remember and hungary will be still treated as a `` nazi '' for stating earlier the same , but still ... 
  especially at night when you just drive by it on the `` rakpart '' ( the road between our parliament and the river danube ) ... looks glorious, 
  you are welcome to join the kingdom of austria-hungary again :-) i seriously would n't mind if croatia and hungary joined as one nation , i go to croatia every summer anyways , love your beautiful country, 
  see the sad story of our little airliner : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mal%c3%a9v_hungarian_airlines  on 9 january 2012 , the european union considered the state aid received by mal\u00c9v illegal and ordered hungary to recover from the company . 
  nah i studied in helsinki . 
  i do have a lot of dutch colleagues at my current workplace though ... 
   that implies he 's not just a ridiculous paranoid wreck of a man . 
  it says a lot about you that you keep attacking julian as a person , basically calling him names like children in kindergarten . 
  yet the shameful activities your goverment lied to your face about and you would still keep dismissing as `` ridiculous conspiracy '' ( as 99 % of the people did ) if it was n't for people like assange , are not bothering you at all . 
  i also wonder how you yourself personally would hold up under the same circumstances as julian . 
  would you be a broken man in what , 1 week ? 
  yet you seem to be keen to talk shit about him for being a `` wreck of a man '' under the circumstances  he was never in any more danger in sweden than in the uk . . 
  if the us wanted him , they could have asked us . 
  the us whistles and you jump to do what ? 
  the ecuadorian embassy is technically not british soil but ecuadorian, 
  he had reason to believe the uk would extradite him to the us where he would have to face serious charges for leaking secrets . 
  so politicians/military people doing disgusting things are okay and are with no consequences , however if someone speaks out the truth about the matter ... well he should be punished harshly , life long prison at a minimum , possibly execution . 
  how wonderful your world is, 
  why , have you ever come across the term `` civitas fidelissima '' ? 
  cause that 's how sopron rolled back then :-) our team is crap as usual - fifa just lowered the bar and we accidentally slipped through . 
  do n't expect much resistance from us this time , it 's not the `` labanc-kuruc '' times hehe are you any good ? 
  fun fact we had a defender called \u00c9der in our squad ( he is from my town even ) , but he definitely looked whiter than yours so we wo n't mix 'em up, 
  yes that throaty g is missing in google translate voice . 
  i only produce it during flu season, 
  oh come on , it 's just human nature ( especially when you are in your early 20s ) not with austrians though , i made good friends with almost all of them . 
  they told me they liked sopron , i told them i liked salzburg . 
  then they mentioned esterh\u00e1zy schloss since they were from eisenstadt ( kismarton ) ... it 's like we are not even separate nations after all ;-), 
  because feminism is one sided , hypocritical and does not want gender equality just wants to force as much as can in favor of women only . 
  men 's rights activism is not really a thing yet in europe, 
  it makes us comfortable talking shit about other eu citizens in their presence like in an erasmus classroom ... until it turns out the finnish teacher spent years in hungary and understood most of what we said ... i learned this the hard way i can only say huuuuten mohen in dutch , have no idea how to spell it, 
  i wonder how many people got the tarantino reference, 
  k\u00e1r\u00f6 and k\u00e1r\u00f6r do n't mean anything in hungarian , the rest is correct sir it 's me being happy ( \u00f6r\u00f6m ) about your damage ( k\u00e1r ) we have a saying `` a legszebb \u00f6r\u00f6m a k\u00e1r\u00f6r\u00f6m '' which shows something naughty about our national character, 
  nah she s not in a good shape lately, 
  just please don t humiliate us too much, 
  by the same logic we could deport all roma from hungary . 
  how convenient , germany, 
  merkel and hollande are shaking hands happily with isis 's main financial supporter saudi arabia for money . 
  and the next day they pretend they give a shit about paris attack victims ... psychopats, 
  i miss him so much , we need him more than ever now, 
  but over large enough areas though, 
  come on , surely not that bad, 
  interesting in hungary `` presents time '' ( most important matter if you are a kid ) is at night as well i never questioned why until now . 
  we must be a nordic coountry then, 
  that was for a food only , drinks not included ( and since i do n't have much breakfast and dinner i actually could easily do that ... :-) but i do n't think it really matters since warsaw should be more expensive regardless what bucket of items you compare . 
  zakopane ... is it where polish people go the skiing every year ? 
  warsaw is definitely more expensive than budapest i can gurantee that since i lived many years in both those 2 cities . 
  the 3120 huf for meals is not budget in budapest , you can have a fancy decent lunch for 2000 huf already, 
  i seem to remember orban saying the same roughy 6 months ago ... 
  no those `` refugees '' were heading to germany anyway on merkel 's limitless invitation . 
  so instead of allowing them to block our highways we just help them to get what they want and would be inevitable anyway, 
  the world does not run on etchical or legal principles , but on physics . 
  nothing says that any eu country should accept a single refugee or migrant . 
  and even if someone goes full mad like merkel saying there is no limit to the people who can enter her country , reality will make sure her `` principle '' will be impossible to keep since there is no such thing as free lunch . 
  merkel 's display of good heart and her proud selfies with refugees/migrants , all is financed by the german taxpayer . 
  and they will loose patience , it is only a matter of time . 
  no it 's the opposite we know this will happen , but merkel has to prove she is trying to damage control ... it 's about appearances, 
  what is the point of being nice in this situation when the price is being forced to make a deal with the devil you hate ? 
  would not have been better to defend schengen borders with a serious force and control the inflow of people - even if we are ` nice ' ? 
  hungary will defend it 's borders at least , it 's just sad to see what happens to germany and sweden ... 
  `` with `` europe believes in human rights '' i wanted to say that we do n't want to let people drown while we try to stop them entering the eu '' and if this naivity is being taken advantage of in an industrial scale ? 
  what then ? 
  i wish there was an alternative to fidesz , they are so shameless about just being able to do whatever they want . 
  do n't get me wrong i am not against the eu , all i am saying is that the majority of eu citizens do not agree with merkel but can not do anything about it . 
  voting every 4 years between 2 big parties does not give the citizens much control over their leaders . 
  i believe we should/must have referendum in cases as big as the refugee crisis or the greek national debt , they are too important to ignore the will of the people . 
  germany would get a lot more sympathy if merkel did not put fuel on the fire by inviting all syrians and publicly saying there is no limit they would accept , and then now after facing the reality of her stupidity she bosses around the eu arrogantly forcing every country to pay for her madness . 
  that is why we resent sharing the burden - because for instance hungary almost begged the refugees not to come . 
  if hungary invited millions of poor people to hungary and then would demand germany to accept a portion of it , what would be the german reaction ? 
  you can imagine ... but somehow germany has the arrogance to do just exactly that to all of us, 
  leaders can act against the will of the majority of the populus for many years with no consequences , and that is what orban refers to - majority of eu population would not agree with merkel 's refugee policy , yet merkel calls the shots . 
  this eu democracy is rigged , germany has too much economic power that merkel can use to force/bribe other governments to dance to her tune . 
  and what is the point forcing refugees who do not want to go to a country that does not want them ? 
  against kaijus we would try to use the hungarian `` j\u00e4ger '' : the tractor https://www.google.pl/search?q=traktor&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=659&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0cayq_auoawovchmiuqba-rjfyaivrr4uch3l8amj#imgrc=n_aq4cz5fxr1_m%3a, 
  of course not - why would a pro-refugee activist put up a fence against refugees ? 
  did n't mean to provoke i was just genuinely curious - thank you, 
  croatia the same thing, 
  that 's fine but i would not feel that i have the right to demand them displaying signs in hungarian - because it is their country , i should adapt , not them to me . 
  the signs will not keep the arabs out no matter the language - the fence will . 
  what is your point by showing these pics you made ? 
  if i went to any arabic country guess how many signs were in hungarian . 
  and i somehow would not be offended . 
  no more trews , his tired now, 
   but do you honestly believe that `` their job is to sell themselves in the political market and then they follow their own selfish interest like everyone else '' ? 
  is n't that just your interpretation of what they are doing , and maybe really are doing , but should n't be ? 
  okay let me clear this up for you . 
  imagine a country where the laws make perfect sense and are a really good foundation of a modern society . 
  now imagine this country with no police .
