  therefore if i want to avoid a disaster i should not let these people in in the first place . 
  defending schengen borders is our treaty-bound duty anyways, 
   because dublin is only possible if the countries we deport to , are having the standards demanded by the treaties we both signed . 
  hungary and greece ca n't or are not willing to fulfill these standards currently so we ca n't deport there . 
  what are we some dumpster for germany to send all your trash down to us that is not good enough for you ? 
  germany wanted these people . 
  they want to be in germany . 
  why should we do anything ? 
  we have nothing to do with this whole issue , we were practically begging them not to come to us . 
  they only came to us to get on a train to germany . 
  we do n't want them , they do n't want us . 
  hungary is never a point of entry to the eu as they already crossed greece before they get to us . 
  in any case it is insane and deeply unfair to put all burden ( registering and keeping these people there ) on the entry countries just based on their geographical location . 
  but it does mean you have strong cultural ties . 
  we do n't yet americans and ppl from western eu always assume we are slavs as well ... 
  how do kurds have anything to do with hungarians ? 
  i have a russian friend who understands polish no problem , never learnt polish in her life . 
  the poles go out of their way to deny any cultural ties with russia . 
  to me it is just denying the obvious, 
  in warsaw ? 
  dutch plates ? 
  where ? 
  never seen any in 5 years russian is not really that different from polish, 
  that is shockingly true . 
  when you go to warsaw after a while you will notice that all the cars have polish license plates . 
  literally , all of them . 
  in budapest more cars have non hungarian plates than hungarian , you walk around and you can hear foreigners talking no matter where you go . 
  why is that ? 
  same in hungary, 
  that 's actually a good general rule to follow anywhere . 
  young people speak english much more likely, 
   his job was being the public image of dt . 
  if dt does n't want to have the public image of supporting 19th century gender roles , then the singer is not doing his job , much like they would fire an engineer that installed telegraph lines if they tasked him with installing a glass fiber line . 
  i do not have their contract but from what i read it seems his role was to just play music with a dt logo behind . 
  not to hide his opinions . 
  no one argues dt 's freedom to fire him , it is just a grey area what is acceptable still as a retaliation from companies and governments in such cases ... dt to protect it 's image , government to protect freedom of speech . 
  but again , the singer is a minority , i am sure most hungarians think he is a retard for saying that , i worked in hungary and never seen any discrimination against women . 
  but i still think he should be able to say that if that is his opinion and then of course accept the harsh backlash coming from society ... 
   they are actively supporting a side in this difference in opinion , and as a public institution they should stay out of conflicts between private individuals . 
  protecting freedom of speech does not mean i agree with what has been said ... 
  as i replied earlier to a similar statement : `` sure but where do we draw the line as an acceptable reaction to an opinion we do not like ? 
  calling him an asshole ? 
  sure fine but say firing him from his job ? 
  imagine your company decides to fire you and all your colleagues who voted for party x because the company realizes he can not be associated with party x. 
  would that still be okay ? 
  it is not that simple '' also then surely the government can do the same to dt , so what is the problem ? 
  1 , why does it matter if it 's private/public or a separate class of law ? 
  if something is unfair it should be unfair in all 2 , firing someone in general for having an opinion is what the government goes against , it does not support \u00c1kos ' bigoted views on women, 
  it is an obvious double standard . 
  dt started breaching a contract with someone based on that person 's private opinion . 
  how is dt okay to do that but the government can not change its supplier as a reaction ? 
  you getting downvoted for stating an obvious and fair principle says a lot about the people on this sub, 
  even i can cancel my contract with dt if i am not happy with their services . 
  big companies forcing users not to be able to choose other suppliers goes against the free market principle . 
  if anything , governments should promote market competition not monopolies . 
  of course governments should also be consistent and predictable , i agree with that . 
  sure but where do we draw the line as an acceptable reaction to an opinion we do not like ? 
  calling him an asshole ? 
  sure fine but say firing him from his job ? 
  imagine your company decides to fire you and all your colleagues who voted for party x because the company realizes he can not be associated with party x. 
  would that still be okay ? 
  it is not that simple, 
  no it does n't . 
  it just says no one should be punished for having an opinion, 
   how about this ? 
  1 , death penalty : it is legal in many us states , you can agree or disagree but i do not see how it is stupid ? 
  especially more stupid than what \u00c1kos said ... 2 , internment camps for ** illegal ** ( ! ), 
  immigrants : you mean like jail ? 
  tell me , what does germany do to people who break laws ? 
  let them roam free ? 
  how is this a stupid idea ? 
  it is sensationalist journalism with click bait titles . 
  orb\u00e1n has to keep the eu laws and he knows it, 
   also dt has n't overreached . 
  they had a sponsorship contract , the person in question made statements that the telekom does not agree with , so they ended the sponsorship . 
  hungarians do n't have natural rights to sponsorships . 
  nobody argued against that . 
  but it is still punishing someone for having an opinion . 
  and the government can also choose its suppliers just as dt can choose whomever it wishes to sponsor . 
   apart from that the hungarian government says much sillier things on a regular basis anyway . 
  please give me one example, 
  and still the government can choose to opt from one supplier to another , nothing forbids that, 
  you are rude and condescending . 
  \u00c1kos does not represent the conservatives in hungary . 
  the goverment thinks dt overreached as no one should be punished for their opinion . 
  this does not mean the government agrees with \u00c1kos . 
  even a caveman should be able to make this distinction surely . 
  i do n't see how angela merkel 's refugee inviting multikulti madness in any way can be interpreted as `` conservative '' ... or is it just the `` german '' version of being conservative ? 
  i do n't live in hungary since 2011 either so welcome to the club . 
  i understand both dt and the government , there is simply no clear line drawn in what is still acceptable as a reaction to an opinion we do not agree with as still within the boundaries of freedom of speech . 
  what kind of consequences for any given speech are acceptable as part of freedom of speech ? 
  obviously shooting down a person is the death of free speech . 
  but how about maybe just firing him ? 
  or just alienating him ? 
  where do we draw the line ? 
  there is no discrimination against women in hungary . 
  a moron said stupid bigoted things , big deal . 
  like it does n't happen in the uk ... 
  i think it has been a little blown out of proportion . 
  first of all \u00c1kos is a moron for saying that but it is just a private , harmless opinion which he does not force on anyone .
