  yes we know nazis are bad , can we move the fuck on ? 
  not having choice but a phony democracy is a problem, 
  how is germany a democracy if there is no one else to choose but one person ? 
  would not have been easier just to be honest from the beginning and not let these migrants in ? 
  now western eu is playing a game of muscial chairs with them ... it is really pathetic, 
  i never understood how hiding facts would help anything ? 
  the first step to any solution is getting the facts straight . 
  if we are denied access to facts how are we supposed to make good decisions ? 
  what is your point ? 
  `` frustration with the country , which signed the schengen agreement in 1992 and joined the area in 2000 , had mounted after it refused eu help in controlling its external borders and curbing the migrant influx . '', 
   and nobody except the germans and swedes actually support it . 
  almost all eu countries voted yes for the redistribution of refugees ... 
  eventually all who spat on hungary will do exactly the same ... 
  that 's exactly what my country did last summer and was interpreted as `` closing the border '' by western eu we just wanted to control who comes in, 
  they refused eu help on border controlls ... honestly ? 
  i am fed up with them, 
  merkel did, 
  in reality they are just afraid of competition . 
  the customer comes first , they should have learned that and now they would n't be hated by them, 
  my wallet was stolen in a crowded bus in warsaw like a year ago ... guy took it out from my samsonite handbag , zipped it out and took off in the next stop ... the shitty feeling as a foreigner , i didn t mind the money , but my id card , driving license , residence card ( hungarian ) ... 
  he 's right , `` d\u00e1n geci '' is much more vulgar and offensive compared to `` d\u00e1n gazember '' which feels mild knowing what you have in mind, 
  hmm , i was taught ( in helsinki university ) that the germans got that word from us actually ... 
  what if we would invest in actually being able to control our fucking eu borders ? 
  instead of any external country deciding who comes in ... and then blackmailing us with it, 
  yeah it 's the opposite in poland . 
  i left my sweater in a toilette in warsaw airport , went back only 1-2 minutes later and it was already gone, 
  does n't have to work 100 % it 's still very useful at say 93 % . 
  or we can just bus them to netherlands if you do n't feel multi kulti enough ? 
  it is still a judgement in western eu . 
  it ' s okay to talk shit about ee people . 
  double standard - try to do the same with blacks or jews, 
  orban is a capitalist maffia leader . 
  it 's just like in the us - if you have money , you will have an awesome time . 
  if you do n't you 're fucked, 
  maybe they got lost in time and think it 's still austria-hungary, 
  not if the other schengen border countries had followed suit too . 
  they let them in it 's not our fault, 
  i worked for big corporations in hungary : never ever was it expected from foreigners to speak hungarian . 
  it always went without saying that we switch to english even if there was only 1 foreigner in the room . 
  so do n't worry foreigners love budapest very different from my experience in warsaw , poles switch to polish and does n't give a f.ck how many foreigners are in the room . 
  and then push you to learn their language ... 
  the chaika looks badass, 
  i wana help - my partially german blood boils reading this, 
  because in western culture men are viewed as disgusting monkeys while women are all angels . 
  feminist brainwashing over 50 years, 
   you simply said you did n't want any brown people . 
  where did you read that , the german press ? 
  can you please link your source ? 
  for your information hungary has a gypsy ( `` brown people '' ) minority of around 1 million . 
  we have a lot of problems , we spent enormous amounts to help them integrate to society ... there are some success stories , but mostly it did n't work out unfortunately . 
  so we are cautious . 
   you also did n't suggest any viable solutions , the best we ever got was idiotic populism . 
  we suggested taking it seriously defending our borders ( why is that idiotic ? ) . 
  you said arrogantly it would n't work and we should find another solution ... as a result now innocent german women are getting raped by these `` refugees '' ... bravo !, 
  this is the price you pay for your arrogant ignorant hypocritical pc high horse, 
  no they stopped once we started physically protecting our schengen border with serbia . 
  not letting them in is possible you know ... if we decide to have the balls to do it, 
  double standard, 
  why is it that arab muslims are okay to be radical , but germans are n't ? 
  for us hungarians germany ( and austria ) have always been like a big brother . 
  our current opposition to merkel 's refugee policy does not change an iota in that, 
  they plug something else intsead apparently, 
   it will happen again because your politicians do n't give a shit the rights of the local population . 
  thing is west eu politicians are just as bad as east eu politicians , they just steal less . 
  welcome to your new reality !, 
  orban basically said `` fuck off '' to all of these new `` immigrants '' . 
  it seems different from merkel 's reaction to me and i do not expect these problems to happen in hungary in my lifetime , while a german will live with this forever from now on ... 
   no , your closest language relatives are khanty and mansi peoples from siberia . 
  you 're splitting hairs now . 
  does anyone know those khanty and mansi ppl apart from linguists ? 
  their population put together is around 50k people . 
  unlike the finns i never spoke to those people but if they understood hungarian the same way russians understand polish then definitely we must have some deep cultural ties , no question . 
  why do you assume i would deny that ? 
   oh , i was quite sure we were talking about language relatives and now suddenly you start with cultural ties ? 
  those are two entirely different things . 
  language is a huge part of culture , many would argue the biggest and most relevant part . 
  are you seriously denying this fact ? 
  i never said culture is only language though , of course there are many other factors . 
  but it is definitely part of it - to what degree , that can be open to arguments . 
  if russians understand polish - not 100 % and perfectly , i never said your language and culture are identical - then it shows a deep cultural relationship that only an unhealthy/distorted mind would deny . 
  i am just curious why are polish people so desperate to deny these ties that are obvious to any outsider . 
  i know a russian girl who i witnessed can talk fluently to polish people and she told me she never learned any polish . 
  my dad when he visited warsaw could understand many things based on his vague russian he used to speak when he was young . 
  i am telling you , from an outsider 's point of view ( who does n't speak any of the slavic languages ) the ties are obvious . 
  our closest language relatives are the finns . 
  i spent a semester in helsinki and studied finnish . 
  i could understand 0 % based on my hungarian you guys are ridiculous for denying your cultural ties with russia . 
  it s not a european problem . 
  it s a german problem . 
  snowden was so right, 
  i understand that we signed a bad treaty but since we all agree that the treaty is unfeasible and unrealistic we should revise it and adjust to reality . 
  trying to enforce an admittedly stupid and unfair treaty is damaging to all parties involved . 
   wtf . 
  those are people and no trash . 
  please do not twist my words , i did not mean those people are trash . 
  what i meant was germany ( merkel ) created a problem while amazingly insisting it was n't a problem at all and also blaming bigotry on countries who had to courage to call it a problem and now when it is clear to everyone it is a problem ... she wants those very same `` bigoted '' countries to clean up after her . 
  i do n't think at this point people trust the eu treaties anymore . 
  you can have rules , but if no one follows them because there is no consequence for disobeying them then the rules are meaningless . 
  suppose i am an entry country . 
  if i am realistic , all the people i let in will end up staying in my country since no other country ( or very few ) will be willing to accept them .
