some weeks ago merkel was complaining to orban for hungary not stopping and registering the migrants as it is hungary 's schengen duty . 
  after that we built the fence . 
  then we were called nazis for it . 
  then the migrants saw the fence and threw stones at our police at the border , many policemen were injured . 
  the police replied with tear gas and water canon which was called `` unacceptable '' by western politicians . 
  the fence was built to force everyone to use the border checkpoints so that we know who is entering our country . 
  otherwise anyone can enter anytime with no control . 
  the purpose is not to hurt innocent people , but innocent people should not force themselves illegally to our country . 
  how are we supposed to defend our borders ? 
  with welcome signs and german love parades ? 
  germany closed its borders to austria only days after merkel said all syrians can come to germany . 
  i do n't believe there is a lot of terrorism in turkey , probably you just made that up . 
  life may be hard in turkey but it is still a safe country to live in ( been there , quite nice in the summer ) . 
  in any case if the refugees move on for better quality of life from then on they are economic migrants by definition . 
  why is that hard for you to understand ? 
  it 's quite simple . 
  and that is why they do n't stop in austria but move on the `` germoney '' . 
  or are you telling me austria is not safe ? 
  `` and then greece who are to poor to take care of anyone but themselves . '', 
  ah so now all of a sudden being poor is a good enough reason to not take care of refugees ?? 
  if yes then why are is germany forcing other poor eu members like romania , hungary etc. 
  take care of them ? 
  what a double standard from the arrogant western eu leaders once again . 
  if greece did its duty by schengen treaty we would n't have this situation now . 
  but germany blames only hungary for letting these people in ( and also for building a fence ! ), 
  while greece gets zero criticism for not defending schengen borders . 
  another double standard . 
  `` if you really think that these people are migrants why were n't they coming before the syrian civil war in such large numbers ? '', 
  the civil war started late 2011 , we did n't have this refugee tsunami until 2015 . 
  so why did n't we have this issue since say 2012 ? 
  all i know is it got really bad after merkel invited all syrians to germany only to close its border to austria couple days later ( !!! ), 
  when they were faced with the same influx as hungary days before . 
  germany could n't care less about the cry for help coming from italy and spain 6-7 months before . 
  ** but in any case you did not answer the main question : why are we not letting in all poor people of the world ? 
  like all 2-3 billion of them ? 
  ** `` no there are lots of other things that make you fascist , like your government . 
  i 'll tell you about it soon '' it 's the third time you repeat this now . 
  maybe just do n't reply until you have an answer ? 
  you remind me of those feminist women in the u.s. who went around accusing men raping them and later when it turned out these women lied they were not punished at all . 
  the same way as you go around calling whole countries fascists for no reason other than they do not agree with your multicultural bullshit . 
  and then logic does not matter , you are always right just because you labeled your opponent . 
  like the nazis . 
  they labeled their opponents `` jews '' and then there was no place for arguments with them . 
  do you even know what fascist means ? 
  then he was indeed full of shit : `` the statement said that a curved piece of metal from a semi-trailer that had fallen on the roadway appeared to have impaled the one-quarter-inch ( 0.64 cm ) plate on the base of the vehicle . 
  according to the statement , in order for the object to have made a 3-inch ( 7.6 cm ) diameter hole in the plate , the object must have had enough leverage to produce approximately 25 short tons-force ( 220 kn ) . 
  after the driver exited the car , the statement continued , the frontmost of the car 's 16 battery modules caught fire due to the image damage , but the battery pack 's internal firewalls kept the fire from spreading and vents directed the flames away from the car down towards the pavement . 
  the statement also noted that the fire never entered the passenger compartment . 
  according to tesla , the firefighters observed standard procedure , and gained access to the source of the fire by puncturing holes in the top of the battery 's protective metal plate and applying water . 
  however , the company noted that although the water and dry-chemical fire extinguisher quickly put out the fire , the firefighters should not have punctured the firewall since the new holes allowed flames to enter the front truck of the vehicle . 
  [ 59 ] musk closed the official statement explaining that the result of this accident could have been `` far worse '' had a conventional gasoline-powered car encountered the same object on the highway , because most gasoline cars do not have an armored underbody , leaving the fuel lines and tank vulnerable . 
  he also noted that tesla 's battery pack only contains about 10 % as much energy as a standard tank of gasoline , and ** the fact that it is divided into 16 sections means that the combustion potential is about 1 % of a comparable gasoline-powered car . 
  '' ** https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plug-in_electric_vehicle_fire_incidents#tesla_model_s, 
  `` audi ceo rupert stadler said about one year ago that they cant afford cars catching fire like the teslas did . 
  therefore they wait until the techonology is fully safe . '', 
  normal cars burn much easier than electric cars , or do you think petrol ( benzin ) is not flammable ? 
  seriously ? 
  it 's amazing how stupid someone has to be to say that and yet still make it to the ceo of audi, 
  `` you seem to think the refugees somehow are very arrogant when they want a good life . 
  it 's very natural . '', 
  when i saw them throwing huge blocks of stones at our police at the border ( many polecamen were injured ) and burning tires to create toxic gases ... this is not the behavior of a humble refugee . 
  this is a demanding asshole . 
  and if our police dares to respond with tear gas , we are fascists according to western eu . 
  `` they want a bette life then the one in turkish refuger campa yes . 
  would you like it if you and your family were growing up in a turkish refuger camp ? 
  you seem to think the refugees somehow are very arrogant when they want a good life . 
  it 's very natural . '', 
  you do n't understand my point . 
  you said these are all refugees . 
  i said if they were truly refugees then why did they not stop in the first safe country ? 
  because they want a better life . 
  therefore they are economic migrants . 
  by the way do you know how many people have a worse standard of living than say german or swedish average ? 
  2-3 billion . 
  why are we not taking them all in ? 
  if i took you seriously the eu should take them all because we have a fucking big heart . 
  as for hungarian fascism : i am a hungarian so i believe i would notice if my country turned fascist . 
  but who am i to judge , right ? 
  you can lecture me better from finland , i am all ears . 
  nice gesture , we appreciate it, 
  `` with that said , the current hungarian government is literally fascist . '', 
  based on what ? 
  i am really curious . 
  `` also we have a refugee crisis , not a migrant crisis . '', 
  how do you know that ? 
  they poured into the eu without registering , many do not even have any documents . 
  who knows how many are under our radars ? 
  `` the masses are coming because they were driven away from their homes by war and famine , not because they want to be unemployed and collect sick ass benefits in a cold northern european country . '', 
  if that were true then they would stop at the first safe country . 
  but they do n't even stop in austria . 
  even austria is not good enough for them . 
  and they do not ask for help , they demand a better life that europe owes them somehow . 
  the qouta system is stupid to begin with . 
  in 1 day all the distributed migrants will return back to germany . 
  as they should . 
  merkel invited them . 
  we said fuck off from the beginning, 
  it is practical . 
  especially if border control is allowed to use lethal force if every other option fails, 
  so it 's ok ( = socially acceptable ) to openly look down on and despise eastern europe and call it a shithole , but it is not acceptable for hungary to control who enters its own borders by building a fence ie hungary should have no border control at all and expected to let literally anyone in and organize a huge love parade for them - otherwise hungarians are xenophobes and can be treated as shit .
