  the south of france also has a lot of castles . 
  not the same type tho , fortresses and medieval ruins/castles . 
  it promotes healthy competition . 
  it 's the european version of hunger games, 
  yep , i do n't know if most people know but now , the border with spain near my hometown is only composed of posts saying you 're leaving france . 
  there 's a police office but it 's just so they can stop dangerous people and enforce alcohol and cigarettes restrictions . 
  when i 'm able to move freely to meet neighbour countries . 
  when i had two exchanges with spain and italy when i was in high school , made me realize that we were not that much different in the end ( except the language ) . 
  eurovision , too . 
  indeed ahah, 
  wrong link man . 
   british unionism are n't all parties except snp british unionist ? 
  might aswell just include half the republican party if we go like this . 
  some of the representants are alright but most of them are just dumbfucks . 
  belgium is ours , back off . 
   i know plenty of people the people you know are define by a high number of different reasons . 
  if we go that way almost everyone i know speak at least 3 different languages ( i 'm studying english and italian at uni ) . 
  most people with an education ( baccalaur\u00e9at ) usually know how to speak in at least two more languages than french because they studied it for at least five years . 
  in the south a lot of people are able to speak spanish and english at least . 
  speaking a language means being able to converse with someone who speaks it too . 
  you do n't need to be fluent in order to do that . 
  yes , i 'd say there 's a big difference between our parents and young people . 
  the people born before 1970 usually speak only french whereas a lot of young people speak two/three or even four languages . 
  at least farage is a good source for memes . 
  david cameron the pig shagger ? 
  in 2012 , dominique strauss kahn , imf boss , favorite candidate to be elected president of france was caught raping a black woman in the hotel sofitel in new york . 
  christine boutin , the leader of french catholic 's party is married to her cousin . 
  iceland , greece and turkey i 'd say . 
  iceland because of the landscapes and hot springs , greece for the architecture , the monuments and the islands , turkey because i love turkish cuisine and i would love to see a football match in one of istanbul 's stadiums . 
  a lot of young people are either really passionated or really nihilistic . 
  the passionated ones get furious when they hear that kids and civilians are murdered in middle east , the nihilistic make memes on the internet . 
  in my hometown , the salary of the most people would be around 18k $ a year . 
  in my area , salaries are quite low , unemployement is higher that the national rate , and poverty is also higher than the national numbers . 
  well , as far as i know you will have to cross the pas de la casa and the col du puymorens which is sometimes closed due to weather conditions and then you will have the choice between going on the road to perpignan which is really crowded by buses and cars or the road to formigu\u00e8res , quillan and axat which can be quite dangerous due to fog being present sometimes . 
  either way the road might not be really pleasant because it can be really hot in the summer and really cold in winter . 
  plus the roads go up and down with big differences . 
   barcelona andorra : andorra la vella france again : montpellier , marseille , toulon i seriously do not recommand to bike through the pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es by andorra . 
  i do n't know about the state of the road on the spanish side , but on the french side , depending on the road you will choose it will either be really dangerous or really crowded . 
  can you please tell me which road you 'll take ? 
  i know the city of montpellier and you should probably just try to bike through the ecusson ( historical center ) it 's really nice with a lot of monuments like churches and big squares , it even has an arc de triomphe , just like in paris . 
  i do n't think he 's got any chances . 
  it 's not likely that the people 's party will abandon their candidate to vote for someone that 's less conservative then them . 
  they only have 68 meps so they will need other parties to vote for them , which is really not likely to happen . 
  as the new majority of mep 's are leaning right , it is most probably going to be a people 's party president , the left could compete if the united european left , the ecologists and the socdems ally ( which is not really plausible looking at the relations between these ) . 
  yes i forgot , that 's because she is n't prince charles ' first wife right ? 
  the order of succession i think is : charles , william and george ( the son of william ) . 
  if one of them dies , the other gets the crown . 
  queen consort . 
  she 's just the king 's wife . 
  charles ' the true head of state . 
  here 's the [ quai vauban ] ( https://www.sixt.fr/fileadmin/user_upload/pictures-city-page/perpignan-quai-vauban.jpg ) , it 's part of the historic center of perpignan , my hometown . 
  quite proud of it even though a lot of people will argue that it 's shit because we 're poor . 
  wwi hero , wwii either couragious or coward politician who sold half the country thinking to preserve the rest ( which definetely did n't find the target because the rest of the country was also under nazi influence anyway ) . 
  if you want to compare , in my opinion he 's clearly not as bad as hitler because the circumstances were against him . 
  petain was just old as fuck and a bit senile . 
  his ministers however were the assholes because most of them were agreeing with the reich 's plans . 
  that 's exactly how i imagine a british dog . 
  full class dog here . 
  since she 's the one who is running is marine , i was thinking about her , but her father and her niece could also be compared . 
  napoleon is not really controversial i think . 
  most of us have quite a good opinion of him , but he had one point in common with trump , the will to make a country great again . 
  le pen ? 
  i think it depends what kind of store you go to . 
  in the biggest stores there are a lot of sweets , but i think most of us live in big towns where shops are small and in those you find less sweets . 
  yep , friendly game ahah, 
  your team plays this afternoon . 
  i 'm going to the match !, 
   when at parties , a little drunk , thinking `` smoking looks fun '' yes and then all your friends assume you 're a smoker so they ask you if you go out for one cigarette with them next time they see you . 
  more shopkeepers should be like you , i remember when i first bought alcohol , i was like 13 or 14 . 
  here in france , you have to be 18 , but the law is not enforced . 
  it 's the same for alcohol but you can easily buy some by the age of 15 and even before if you look older . 
  i do n't specially like the taste of industrial cigarettes , but cigars and shisha are a good reason to smoke for me . 
  and as people said earlier it 's also used to smoke weed . 
  a lot of stoners never smoked a pure spliff because it 's expensive so we smoke weed with tobacco . 
  and also a lot of people fall into tobacco addiction because of peer pressure . 
  as you said , in my high school pretty much half the students smoked . 
   but ca n't you use a pipe or something ? 
  ca n't they be filled with a small enough quantities for economically sustainable highs without tobacco ? 
  through a pipe , weed smoke does not taste the same . 
  plus smoking a pipe is actually really stronger than a single spliff . 
  you could easily smoke one spliff after waking up if you 're used to smoking weed but if you smoke a pipe right after waking up you 're sent back straight to the bed . 
  well , that depends . 
  if he comes to live in europe , there 's a big chance that his salary will also be reduced . 
  not to mention that they actually kicked england out of their favorite sport 's competition . 
  well , i do n't really know for other countries , but some left wing movements in france also want to leave the eu . 
  but not because they do not want to be united , they want to leave because they disagree with the eu as it is ( political system/lack of democracy according to them ), 
  berlin is awesome . 
  compared to berlin , amsterdam seems to be like a sardine box , the buildings are really close whereas in berlin the streets all have big sidewalks , housing is cheaper and usually appartments are bigger . 
  amsterdam is probably a city with similar housing as london , paris or bruxelles , berlin is very atypical . 
  for the nightlife both are known to be * really * interesting , berlin has one of the world 's best nightclubs , amsterdam too . 
  weed is legal in amsterdam , but you should not have trouble finding some in berlin too . 
  berlin has lakes in which you can actually bathe , do n't remember any of that back in amsterdam . 
  i went to both places for a vacation and i really recommand you to go to berlin , lovely place . 
  edit : i forgot about it , but since it is a european capital , berlin has a lot of young people from all over europe ( and a lot of french people too ) . 
  a lot of berliners speak english . 
  french : mother tongue , speak it every day english : studying it at uni , so i speak it every day too italian : same as english spanish : use it when i 'm in spain ( which is quite a lot because i live near the border ) catalan : when the fucking cashier is up to it , because generally even though i speak catalan to them , they answer either in spanish or french . 
   right now i 'm spending my free time to learn the german language so the thought that i would getting paid for it sounds like a wet dream to me i do n't know if that 's true or not but , often when it sounds too good to be true , it 's not true . 
  i do n't know for norway , iceland and the balkan , but switzerland will never join the union . 
  it is against all their interests . 
   what i 'm strongly against and it has been in the media , is the 2-speed eu reorganization model .
