  vape just tastes like steam flavored . 
  i feel like we always regarded vaping as something potentially more dangerous then tobacco because it 's mostly chemicals involved whereas tobacco is only dangerous because of the combustion and potential addiction to nicotin . 
  i study in a university where around 20k students study everyday and i can say i never saw anyone vape . 
  they smoke regular cigarettes only . 
  did n't he refused to join because he thought le pen was antisemitic ? 
  because on about every other issue they are very similar . 
   both those are n't creationists or anything , just against lgbt rights and in favor of private schools , and same for the right wing party they also are against abortion and against sex education classes at school because according to them they promote premarital sex , homosexuality and masturbation . 
  yep , we have a big problem when it comes to poverty . 
  you could switch andorra and luxembourg, 
  here in france , the poverty threshhold is around 1000 $ / month when all the taxes a paid . 
  if you earn 1000 $ and live in paris for example , when you pay your housing then you 'll probably have only 200-400 $ to live for the month , which is ridiculous . 
  the minimum wage is 1400 $ without taxes included , which means that some workers in paris are forced to either live in their car or live in the streets . 
  yeah but you have to know that the average member of the l\u00e9gion etrang\u00e8re is someone who has basically nothing to lose . 
  they throw their past into oblivion , get a new identity and serve a country that 's not theirs . 
  right now i 'm studying at university but in the future i 'd like to be either a french teacher abroad which in england would allow me to earn 24,000 # a year . 
  or in the us but i do n't know the salaries yet . 
  otherwise i 'd like to become a journalist but it is clearly harder because the sector is clogged . 
  marine is n't hot , melisandre would be her niece imo, 
  alain jupp\u00e9 is jon snow . 
  died but will come back . 
  marine is cersei ( because i fucking hate cersei ) fran\u00e7ois fillon is eddard stark ( about to die ), 
  they had instability because they had an insane amount of parties and it was impossible to govern without a coalition . 
  but nowadays strong parties are not more than 3-4 . 
  the head of state needs to be someone who only represent the country 's unity , like in germany for instance . 
  the head of government should be the political leader because this leader can be revoked . 
  basically the president of france can do whatever he wants unless the conseil constitutionnel ( supreme court equivalent ) says otherwise . 
  and he is the one naming some of the members of it . 
  yeah fuck polls , we 'll see . 
  i 'm obviously going to vote for him . 
  but i have close to no hope . 
  at least i wo n't be disappointed . 
  yes , that 's why i say that the politics wanting it have no chance to win . 
  someone in the thread actually has a point . 
  italian is easier for people who speak romance languages ( and indeed we have a lot of similarities ) but in the end , i 'm studying english and italian both at the same level in university and i can say that i speak english way better than i speak italian . 
  reaching a decent level in italian might be easier than it is to reach in english , but when it comes to a professional level , italian is fucking hard because all these similarities start to fuck up and the small differences are almost impossible to remember . 
  not exactly , the sixth republic project is about making it less corrupted and more democratic . 
  less presidentially-centered etc. . . 
  bordeaux-chesnel make a good chicken rillettes imo, 
   the chicken variety is nasty though . 
  wow , you probably had a bad rillettes de poulet because even though it is clearly not as tasty as goose and pork ones , chicken can be really good too . 
  i do not want to do it . 
  but i think it would be the easiest way to achieve one of my main political belief ( ending the fifth republic ) . 
  the republic is corrupted and rotten from the inside and the only politics wanting to reform it have close to no chance to win so i guess that if the fascists win most of us will finally understand why we need a new system . 
  indeed , i remember when there was a border control between le perthus and la jonquera . 
  annoying as fuck . 
  i do n't really know . 
  last time i went to the us and ate pb was back in 2013 !, 
  plus the halles paul bocuse will have a lot of high quality products allowing you to cook your own dishes with fresh ingredients if you rent an appartment in the city . 
  yeah , exactly , even my italian civilization professor at university who 's living and teaching in france for a while still has problems with subtilities of the french language and it is the same for me, 
  i was thinking in terms of rugby union !, 
  sorry , i know that northern ireland belongs to the uk, 
   i have to learn a language with so many irregularities ? 
  you already learned italian you should be fine . 
  i learn both and to me italian is definetely harder, 
  i did n't quite like it before i started working on it . 
  when i was in middle school ( school where we usually start english ) i was really bad at it and my teachers were horrible so i did not like it . 
  but i had great teachers in high school + i realized how important it was to speak the language . 
  after that i started loving english and now i am studying it at uni and probably going to make a living out of it , which is nice . 
  peanut butter is often available in some stores , but its texture is not quite the same , it 's not as creamy as the ones i found in the us . 
  also maybe you could send some local craft beers ? 
  in these times of rugby six nations , i can only say that i like scots and welsh . 
  let 's hope they beat england !, 
  as for northern irish , it is clearly not my favorite province of ireland but i still like them . 
  when not talking about sports , i like all the types of brits . 
  you 're good lads , even though you want to go away from us i still think you 're good . 
  fat would have melted in an oven so it can not certainly be fat . 
  thanks , it is already quite hard where i live !, 
  i think it 's garlic . 
  usually we put garlic bits in roast beef . 
  no no , it was last year . 
  you can find good studios starting at 300 $ / month i think . 
  mine was really spacious and in a really good neighbourhood . 
  you can find cheaper . 
  i live in montpellier , used to rent a one bedroom apartment which was 25m \u00b2 for 450 $ / month . 
  now i live i flatshare a 80m \u00b2 apartment with 2 other roomates with a 20m \u00b2 terrace . 
  here , studios are expensive because a lot of student want them , but if you flatshare with some friends it gets quite cheap . 
  no , i 'm going to williamsburg , va. 
  farming is a really hard life nowadays in france . 
  it is estimated they earn 4 times less than the minimum wage . 
  plus they barely manage to have freetime for their family or for vacation . 
  they work around 6 and 7 days a week almost full time and they 're lucky if they can go on a vacation for one or two weeks every year . 
  we mostly have cow and pig farms and the main vegetables produced are corn or wheat . 
  not as good as mineral water but you can drink it safely . 
  the best tap water are in mountain areas because they have their own source , in the cities it 's not that good but it 's safe . 
  fuck , i ' coming over next year , is it really that bad ? 
  i 'm not used to buy bottled water . 
  hey , there 's a ton of topics like this . 
  if you only took the time to use the search bar . 
  no need to be rude to / u/downandout2010 we 're just tired of having to say the same things over and over . 
  wtf ? 
  they are sponsored by the gov ? 
  why ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  dutch is funny , i love watching drugslab on yt and listen to them talk . 
  sounds so weird . 
  to me the dutch `` g '' sounds a lot like the spanish `` j '', 
  some people find it sexy when women speak it . 
  some of them think we sound arrogant . 
  i personally do n't have any opinion about my language . 
  i like all the languages i speak equally , love english , italian , spanish , catalan and french as much .
