  yes , but unless you get deleted from your church 's registers you are still considered as a christian to the eyes of the said church . 
  i 'd love to , but baguette is so unpractical . 
  if you do not eat it the day it 's made it 's too dry . 
  you have to go outside everyday to buy one ... 
  yeah but do not even think about bathing in the sea there . 
  really cold water . 
  we do not eat baguette everyday . 
  they do n't talk about it but they are all born in a period where 90 % of the people got baptized . 
  turkey can play games with russia , but almost no one in the world is able to do shit against us . 
  europe is still far from being a homogenous political zone but when it comes to military we 're strong . 
  nato and uno would make decisions against turkey , probably exclude it . 
  and then nato would fight turkey until erdogan is no longer the head of state i guess . 
  but it is very unlikely because they are both in the nato . 
  pretty much all our presidential candidates are christian . 
  people who still defend fran\u00e7ois fillon, 
  you 're not even close to the superiority of the french mediterranean coast . 
  with my friends we want to create a political movement to make secession with the rest of south east france . 
  those filthy south-westerners call the chocolate croissant `` chocolatine '' and we call it `` pain au chocolat '' . 
  these people are impossible to live with . 
  there 's a huge glass at both sides of the driver and behind him a plastic plate to close the cabin . 
  it was like that in imperial buses in london . 
  both would fucking suck . 
  if you 're in a landlocked country and the un sets up an embargo on your country , you 're basically fucked . 
  whereas having shores make it easier for smugglers to do their thing . 
  yeah but it also has a ton of references to british pop culture . 
  the writers of the series said they wondered why it had such a success in france because of that . 
  to me , it might be like appreciating dr who for non-british, 
  does it also take in count the use of cannabis as a medicine ? 
  because the us was one of the first countries to recognize its use for medical purposes . 
  probably one of my favorite movies from another country . 
  we saw it in class , it was totally awesome . 
  i 'd also recommand oss117 but i do n't really think non french speaking can really enjoy the movie . 
  it 's almost entirely based on private jokes about french history and french language like `` les boules de no\u00ebl '' for example . 
  yeah , i did n't have that chance . 
  basically never been on the atlantic coast , only mediterranean . 
  never went to marseille , the further east i went is antibes , usually i do not go beyond nimes ... 
  the country is big , i have n't even seen all the 250km area around my town . 
  here we eat very well at university . 
  we have at 4 or 5 different menus so everyone can it something that suits their needs . 
  coffee is good like in caf\u00e9s , tea and patisseries as well . 
  but i guess that we would strike if our food was bad so they had to make it good . 
  food means a lot to us frenchies . 
  depends , personnally i drink my coffee at university with friends before classes start . 
  others drink their coffee at their workplace . 
  it really depends , i guess i just do that because i prefer my university 's coffee than the one i make at home . 
  everyday starts with caf\u00e9 . 
  yeah , the only way for harry to become king is litterally everyone else dying in a plane crash, 
  there 's a belgian international rugby player in my town 's team !, 
   rugby appeals to people that do n't like the fact that there 's too much money rugby appeals kids who like rugby . 
  when you 're a kid you do not care about the money/whining in sports . 
  i think it 's more of trying to be like your heroes which matter . 
  if your city has a big rugby club it 's more likely that kids will want to be rugby players like the ones they like to see every week . 
  identification matters a lot . 
  cities like toulouse , perpignan , pays basque etc. . . either have shitty football clubs or no club at all . 
  where i grew up almost nobody played football , everybody wanted to become a pro rugby player . 
   what if the next monarch is a king ?? 
  it 's going to be a king . 
  the three next persons in the order of succession are all men . 
  ( prince charles , prince william and his son prince george ), 
  yeah i personally do n't like the texture of it when you boil it . 
  tastes like overcooked octopus . 
  i like it grilled with alloli . 
  if you go that way , the `` natives '' were ountnumbered but the `` foreigners '' since the 18th century . 
  not all hispanics look like native americans . 
  most of hispanics living in the us look as white as you and i, 
   the natives see the us a 90 % white country turned to 65 % in just 40 years even though the people who passed this said `` demographics will not be changed '' . 
  i do n't want to be a minority in my homeland or even close to it . 
  according to 2015 census the us population was estimated to be 73 % white, 
  you really think there would be far right parties and far left parties then ? 
  do n't you think they would ally and form a government if they were so close politically speaking ? 
  do you think there would be fucking antifas ? 
  being against unlimited capitalism and globalization does not mean being a marxist , it 's just common sense regarding what it all brought either to us or to the third world . 
  edit : open your eyes guys , look at the propositions of both sides . 
  saying far right and far left are close will be regarded the same way we look at anti communist propaganda in the 60 's in the us . 
  it 's nor true , nor useful in the combat against far right . 
  the horseshoe theory does n't even stand up as a political theory . 
  that 's just nonsense . 
  also in tautavel ( extreme south of france ) they found a cave called `` la caune de l'arago '' where they found marks of [ the man of tautavel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tautavel_man ) supposedly living in the area 300,000 to 450,000 years ago . 
  we also have superdupont !, 
  we do not boil them , we grill them like a south american asada . 
  yeah , because getting snails is hard . 
  here we do not buy them from farms , we look for snails after the rain in the woods and it does not rain that much where i come from , 
  depends where you live . 
  frogs are n't that common but snails , in my region we eat snails around 1 and 10 times a year . 
  also in burgundy if i am not wrong . 
  the zip code in london was nw5 the street was queen 's crescent . 
  in paris you should find some nice appartment in really good neighbourhoods if you avoid `` bad '' arrondissement like the 18th and 19th . 
  everywhere else is your typical paris arrondissement with nice parcs , lots of monuments and haussmanian buildings . 
  as for italy , i ca n't really tell you more than marghera in venice . 
  if you have a nice amount of money you could look around venice itself . 
  yeah , that 's because a lot of us really abuse the regulation on cigarettes and alcohol . 
  to be fair , andorra is really advantagious . 
  when i was in london , we had a good airbnb located between camden and kentish town , it was on queen 's crescent . 
  it was a good appartment even though it was quite noisy at night and at a fair price . 
  edit : paris is going to be really expensive if you want to stay in a nice hotel in paris intramuros . 
  it 's going to be cheaper if you go outside the walls but it will also get uglier . 
  venice is really really expensive but you can find some nice places in marghera . 
  vape just feels weird . 
  unless you smoke a tobacco-taste e-cigarette you 'll feel like you do n't smoke anything . 
  even chichas give a stronger tobacco feeling .
