  what we know though is that the medef ( representant of companies and ceo 's ) has no problem with taking money and giving nothing back . 
  recently hollande made an agreement with them stating that the state will give 1 billion euros to make it easier for companies and in return they would create 1 million jobs . 
  guess what , our money is gone but we still wait for those jobs . 
  i do n't really know . 
  i hesitate between voting for melenchon and not voting at all . 
  this presidential campaign is basically fucked up . 
  le pen is almost assured of reaching the second round and i 'd hate to choose between her and macron or hamon , fillon or whoever the right sends . 
  whoever wins it 's still going to be mainly the same policy . 
  liberalism and submission to whatever the european commission says . 
  i do n't want to choose between a liberal and a national-liberal . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is really good but he will never win because they media has already chosen who must win . 
  the storyline opposing macron and le pen is told by the media since 6 month now . 
  same problem here with the parti socialiste . 
  i was `` supporting '' ( not really since i was a teenager ) the party during the sarkozy era , but as soon as they reached the elys\u00e9e , i was disappointed with their policy . 
  they went from being social democrats ( which i used to agree with since i 'm a leftist but not supporting the idea of revolution ) to being social liberals under the control of macron and valls . 
  now i can say i will never vote for them again . 
  fuck these guys . 
  the only thing they did a rightwing gov would n't have done is gay marriage , for the rest it was basically the same . 
  pasta con tonno is one of my favorite dish to make . 
  so simple yet so good . 
  here 's my [ favorite song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ookgv44mmd4 ) from your country, 
  i use kayak.fr but it is a french website , do n't know if they are translated . 
  if you want something else you should probably go on cheap companies websites like transavia or ryan air . 
  and if you happen to say `` chips at the same time , you have to add `` patate , chaussette '', 
  not that bad actually but comparing it to the nba is like day and night . 
  one of the reason why i want to go study in the us is so i can finally watch basketball at correct hours . 
  nobody goes there , except if you live there . 
  there 's absolutely nothing except big buildings full of the poorest people . 
  yeah i heard about that . 
  that 's sevran , seine saint-denis . 
  probably one of the worst neighbourhoods in the country . 
  if you know about french rap scene , a lot of stars actually come from sevran like serge aurier , kaaris or teddy tamgho . 
  it is known for its criminality and yeah , i guess that men are usually the only one going out so they do n't consider it as normal when a woman goes to the caf\u00e9 . 
  the intimidation is not tolerable and awareness was raised by the document you linked , everybody talked about it for a few weeks . 
  why should it be ? 
  collaboration mostly and us taking part in the holocaust . 
  i 'd say the darkest part of it was the vel d'hiv ( short for v\u00e9lodrome d'hiver ) where the nazis asked us to give all the male jews and we also delivered the women and children . 
  another filthy part of our story was colonization of africa and the independance war with algeria . 
  there was a group called organisation de l'arm\u00e9e secr\u00e8te ( oas ) which was specialized in torture and a lot of those who composed the oas later became politicians here . 
  well , it was the middle ages , every country used to slaughter a lot of its people back then . 
  especially because the dominant class was still looking for ways to maintain its power over the proletariat . 
  i do n't know about other countries , but yes , if the strict term of `` no go zones '' is somewhere you do n't want to go to/will never go to , yes obviously there are . 
  but it is not about the religion or about migrants . 
  in my city we 've always had zones you would avoid because they 're a bit dangerous at night . 
  the gypsy presence has been quite strong since they fled barcelona in the medieval era and the poverty they have to go through ever since puts them into drugs and crime so their neighbourhoods are shitty places you would n't go to intentionally . 
  that 's kinda the same for algerian/maghrebi neighbourhoods , even though they 're mostly nice people some of them are alcoholics or drug addicts or criminals and are a bit aggressive . 
  so yes , i guess there are no go zones , but as far as i know america also does have no go zones , try to go to the bronx at night or chicago south side , crenshaw compton etc. ... 
  wow , i heard about that taxation system here it 's called `` imp\u00f4t \u00e0 la source '' and it was a proposition made by the actual president , but he did n't establish it . 
  the id part is ridiculous . 
  in theory you must carry your id with you but in fact , unless you 're from a visible minority you will almost never get controlled . 
  i 'm a 21 yo white male , police never asked me for my id . 
   not having to think about insurance , taxes , i.d and bureaucratic paperwork . 
  you have none of these in the uk ? 
  really ? 
  most of us learn it at school so i 'd say 99 % of the people know it . 
  however , we only sing/know the first parts of it since it 's pretty long , noone sings the rest nor did they hear it . 
  why ? 
  in france the pirate party is quite marginal , i think it has some seats in city councils maybe in regional and departemental councils but no seats in parliament . 
  they have a good twitter account which i follow even though i do not vote for them . 
  i quite support the same ideas as theirs but i do n't think they would have a chance to do anything anyway . 
  iirc brescia also does have a team on the last rugby game on ps2 called `` rugby 08 '' . 
  probably the main reason i know this city !, 
  a city a few kilometers away from where i live is famously known in europe for being a huge center for prostitution . 
  the city is called la jonquera and if you were to ask me where to go to find prostitutes if you are in the south of france/spain i 'd tell you to go there so would anyone do . 
  about half the teenagers admit they have smoked weed , hence know the effects of it and know it 's clearly not as bad as adults think it is . 
  but adults still think that marijuana is so dangerous that it has the effects of crystal meth and therefore should still be banned . 
  my grandma on the other hand told me all my life to not smoke cigarettes and not drink alcohol . 
  my grandma even though she 's what you could call a socdem is still really old fashioned ( sometimes she drops racist slurs out of nowhere ) and she 's probably more conservative than anyone on the political spectrum in fact . 
  my mother is rather progressive , she tries to understand different points of view and opinions but she 's still left leaning in modern terms . 
  oh yeah , forgot about le canard . 
  good political satire comics too . 
  but yeah mediapart is kinda left leaning , even more when you 're reading their `` le club mediapart '' where basically any leftist can talk shit ( which i do n't really understand nor like ), 
  in france we have mediapart ( it 's our main source for political corruption news ) . 
  other than that , almost all of our newspapers/websites are owned by three big tycoons , sometimes in a consortium . 
   a large portion of the country ( or at least the majority in my region ) uses to talk about saint and gods using unkind words on daily basis . 
  i have an italian friend that hates when someone says `` porco dio '' do you think it is representative of a portion of italians ? 
  if yes , how big do you think that part is in the entire population, 
  space is our future so yes , it is obviously important . 
  however is n't the esa the first spatial agency in the world in terms of budget ? 
   volkswagens are seen as nice cars in the usa but extremely unreliable and until very recently fords in the usa were seen as complete shit ( they have gotten much better recently , still would n't buy one though ) was n't it a common belief that any car that was n't made in the us not reliable until recently ? 
  for the rest , yeah i 'd say that it depends on the model and the year . 
  for example i have a friend who has a brand new volkswagen polo and it 's awesome and another friend who has an old ford which is shit . 
  well , as i said i wanted to make it simple to understand ahah . 
  he basically issued a law that said that good christians were n't authorized to talk about italian politics . 
  i 'm not going to go into the small details but . 
  italians are strongly catholics as a tradition ( yet it is seriously decreasing ) . 
  when italy reached independance and unification the pope was not supportive , he issued a lot of religion laws to prevent italians from creating a country and taking parts in the politics . 
  however , the relationship between the pope and italians are a bit ambiguous . 
  the pope is the one who protected rome from the bombings during wwii for example . 
  is it actually mandatory that every president meets the queen ? 
  last news i had of her was that she was sick . 
  yeah and just let putin invade the eastern part of europe . 
  i know what you mean and i understand your point . 
  but by no means it is a good idea to just ease the sanctions in order to have good relationships with russia . 
  we must not forget the annexion of crimea which is probably the most illegal thing a country could do . 
  not to mention that putin is actively financing political groups on the inside of europe in order to weaken it . 
  no seriously , i do n't want my country to have good relationship with putin . 
   i rather think that we might need to be a little bit nicer to russia so that they in turn also will be nicer to us . 
  do you have any clue on how international politics work ? 
   kevin , dylan and other english names : people whose parents named them after a soapy us tv show characters .
