  a horrible idea which would ghettoize us poorer countries even further . 
  problem is , europe is a 2 speed continent . 
  you can clearly see that western europe and eastern europe are n't the same on the economical plan . 
  economy nobel prize winner stiglitz says so , euro can not be viable because of that . 
  and we 're not even going to talk about politics because this breaks the union in a lot of pieces . 
  a perfect political union is possible between the first members of the eu because they are really similar ( france , benelux , italy , spain and germany ) both economically and politically . 
  other countries would fragilize the union and they would n't really benefit from it , in my opinion . 
  well we have women called andrea and in its original country it 's a man 's name . 
  next month i 'll finally be discovering london . 
  i 'm 21 and it 's going to be my first time in the uk , all of my friends already went but i never had the chance . 
  i 'm really impatient . 
  west/south : both los angeles north : amsterdam east : vienna highest : french pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es 2800m lowest : badwater -85 m, 
   mediterranean cities have little rain and temperate winters and autumns not really , usually autumns tend to have similar weathers as summer . 
  hottest seasons are autumn and summer where it usually goes between 20 and 35 \u00b0 c in summer , 15 and 25 \u00b0 c in autumn and between 5 and 15 in winter/spring . 
  where i leave though ( south mediterranean coast in france ) , we mostly have the rain in autumn , in the other seasons you can count rain days and cloudy days with your fingers . 
  that 's cheating , the uk itself has enough great actors for the whole continent . 
   sometimes they use french words instead of some english words that we use ( for parking lot , we say parking , they say stationnement ) and when they use english words they have a perfect accent on it ( while we would mostly say it with a heavy french accent ) man , i do n't understand qu\u00e9becois , sometimes they use directly translated word in order not to use english words but other times , they just randomly use english words while french has a word for it . 
  their accent is awesome though . 
  perpignan , roussillon , southern france , last snow in my house was in winter 2010, 
  yep , but the south west is really big , i feel closer to nimes , marseille , montpellier and other than toulouse and other cities in the south west . 
  we 're quite central . 
  i do n't really know how to classify my region , how do you consider pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es orientales ? 
  because i do n't really think we 're south western . 
  man , the south and particularly the south east is * really * patriotic , my neighbour has the flag in front of his house ( i have the catalan one flying on top of my house ) and a lot of other people in town do it too either with the french or the catalan one . 
   big banners saying `` give us independence '' and `` more money for healthcare '' and `` we want to choose ourselves '' i absolutely loved it when farage , one or two days after the vote appeared on tv with a sad face that `` more money for healthcare '' was n't going to be a thing . 
  yeah , i have problems assimilating the fact that `` dramatically '' can be used to express a positive movement . 
  the equivalent in my language is only used for bad things . 
  provence alpes c\u00f4tes d'azur might be france 's texas , along with all the mediterranean coast, 
  mcdonald 's menus i 'd say . 
  it was much better when i was a kid , nowadays the burgers only remain for 2 weeks , which is really annoying if you do n't like big mac or mc chicken . 
   i do n't know if it 's a rule , but if you want to play in national team in poland you need to have citizenship . 
  that 's a rule most countries apply , you must either be a citizen , or a resident . 
  however , countries like poland apply jus sanguinis , meaning some people who are not born or raised in poland can be polish . 
  i remember a french footballer ludovic obraniak , who was born in france , was allowed to play with poland national team because he had the nationality granted by his bloodline . 
  on the other hand , france applies jus solis , meaning that you are directly french if you 're born on the territory of france ( plus the domtom ) . 
  if your parents are french but you 're not born in france you have to get the citizenship . 
  well , when you poach someone into your team , i guess he can not be considered as an immigrant . 
  i think what op meant was algerian descent players in france , turkish players in germany and african/indian players in england . 
  yes but so are the san francisco bay and other locations with bridges . 
  i think we have the technology to protect bridges from earthquakes . 
  i go to spain pretty much every month , i try to make a big trip outside of france every year ( last year i went to nyc , this year to berlin ) . 
  but then again i live like 40kms away from spain so that does n't really count . 
  dassault is a big french weapon manufacturer , i think you can find more about him than i can tell you on wikipedia . 
  would you like to be conquered by austria ? 
  why ? 
  i thought corsica was n't included in la m\u00e9tropole . 
  the keyboard format is not adapted to french language , a lot of letters have to be typed with shitty shortcuts, 
  in france , sometimes we call ourselves the hexagon because of the shape of our country . 
  another alternative name would be the first born daughter of the church `` fille ain\u00e9e de l'\u00e9glise '' to remember the ties between france and catholic church . 
  well , i do n't know what young belgian listen , but i sure listen to a few belgian rappers like damso , caballero & jean jass , hamza and romeo elvis among others . 
  yep , trap 's been a thing here for around three years now . 
  yep , it 's also really funny . 
  the english pronounciation of `` cul de sac '' cracks me up everytime . 
  belgian from wallonie are really close to us . 
  from what i know , they watch the same tv channels as us ( with exceptions ) , we listen to the same music , since a lot of belgian artists come to france . 
  you have to understand that france feels really close with countries who speak french . 
  these countries have a strong bond with us like qu\u00e9bec , wallonie , the french speaking part of africa etc. ... that 's how i feel about it . 
  connaisseur ( which i do n't know why became connoisseur ) , rendez-vous , eau de cologne , fianc\u00e9 , menu , en route , faux , brunette , beurette , art nouveau , renaissance , avant garde , cul de sac , bourgeois and bourgeoisie , clich\u00e9 , d\u00e9j\u00e0-vu , dieu et mon droit , entrepreneur and a lot of other words i can not remember right now . 
  english uses a lot of french words for concepts . 
  edit : apparently , connoisseur is actually from an old french word `` conoiseor '' which is from the latin cognoscitorem . 
   do n't capitalise `` atheist '' , it is n't the correct spelling . 
  all the languages do n't have the same rules for capitalizing words . 
  example in french we do not capitalize nationalities , whereas english does . 
  i do n't know about danish , but it could be a capitalized word in this language . 
  when i first heard about custard ( in the first episode of doctor who with matt smith iirc ) i thought about mustard , which is funny because he eats it with fish sticks but looked completely normal to me as i thought it was mustard . 
  yeah , but it really depends , it 's so close i do n't really see the difference . 
  i ate cr\u00e8me br\u00fbl\u00e9e which had lemon zests , and cr\u00e8me catalane which had no lemon zests at all . 
  it 's just so close to me , it 's kinda the same thing . 
  yep , i know about cr\u00e8me catalane , though i mostly see it called `` cr\u00e8me br\u00fbl\u00e9e '' when i 'm not in perpignan . 
  well , here it 's definetely not a fruit salad , it has mayonnaise in it, 
  yep , russian montains in france too , but the expression is not used that much anymore . 
  oh , and how could i forget it , the cr\u00e8me anglaise !, 
  i think it 's called custard in english . 
  why is it called olivier though ? 
  salade russe ( which is basically russian salad but is called olivier salad in english apparently ) mac\u00e9doine ( again a vegetable salad , called after macedonia , apparently called macedonia in english ), 
  yes , i meant teacher . 
  yeah , why ? 
  is it weird to you ? 
  also considering that intelligence can not be really quantified . 
  iq is n't a reliable test . 
  no , just do n't bring it up if you 're just going to talk shit without contributing to the discussion . 
  that 's useless and there 's already a downvote button for that . 
  thanks , have a good night . 
  i do n't know , you brought up a thread that 's two days old , talking shit . 
  a bit late to the party are n't you ? 
  well , we do have a problem with tobacco to be fair . 
  had to do it with some professors in middle school/elementary . 
  even though i agree some southern women are gorgeous , scandinavia was always a region most of my friends and i thought had the best women . 
  german people do not smoke ? 
  is n't libertarianism another word for anarcho-capitalism ? 
  its name is `` arsenal '' , give it a few time and it will sell its best components and finish the league 4th place . 
  [ that 's german ] ( http://cdn.thedailybeast.com/content/dailybeast/articles/2011/06/26/german-soldiers-can-t-shoot/jcr:content/image.crop.800.500.jpg/43633917.cached.jpg ), 
  does [ this ] ( http://sf.co.ua/14/06/wallpaper-892077.jpg ) look like a fucking broomstick to you ? 
  toscana looks like it 's straight out from a movie . 
  wonderful region with lots of monuments , awesome landscapes and friendly people . 
  good wine too , even though as a french i ca n't say it 's better than ours . 
  the food is amazing , and on this point i can definetely say i enjoy italian food more than french food ( except for bread ) . 
  plus it 's not actually that far from most european countries , it 's quite in the middle of europe , not that far from france , germany , austria , switzerland and others . 
  well , we do have scientists , quite a lot i think , but it 's just that everyone who does n't work/studies in science fields do n't give a shit about it . 
  i do n't think it 's that much of a french particularity .
