  either st\u00e9phanois , perpignanais , catalan or montpelli\u00e9rain . 
  depends if we talk about the city where i was born , the city where my family lives , the area where i come from and the city where i study right now !, 
  how the fuck do you go from cymru to wales ?? 
  ros\u00e9 is an heresy by itself . 
  it has no particular taste and most of them just taste like red wine with water . 
  even a tempered beer is better than waiting for it to cold to me . 
  you * can * put ice cubes in ros\u00e9 wine , but never in rouge or blanc . 
  france has a lot of very popular festivals . 
  i think the emf at port barcar\u00e8s is one of the biggest electro music festival in europe . 
  for paris you can buy a ticket to use the metro for the whole day and it 's about 7 $ ( which is not that expensive if you actually use the metro a lot ) . 
  in london the same ticket is almost 15 # . 
  rome 's transport system is quite limited because they ca n't dig the metro lines without finding pieces of history down under . 
  i know a lot of people just use the bus there so it probably wo n't be that expensive . 
  between the three cities , london seems to be the most expensive regarding transportation . 
   all these cities are walkable to a certain extent might be true for rome , but for london and paris , good luck . 
  hey i just came back from london . 
  had an oyster card and i just found out how ridiculous it was . 
  seriously i could n't take less than a seven days travelcard with it . 
  i might have done something wrong but in most other big cities i went ( paris and new york ) you could have things like three days travelcard and so on . 
  yeah but that 's a weird sport . 
  almost no one watches any event except for le tour de france and most people who do road cycling do it as amateurs without ambitions to become pro, 
  yeah handball is a big thing in germany , spain , ex yugoslavia and scandinavia . 
  here in france it has a big popularity because we 're good at it , but the playerbase is actually really small, 
  football - rugby - basketball - tennis - handball - horseriding ( a lot of young girls do horserides ) - f1 swimming is also really popular but more in terms of viewerbase than playerbase . 
  the alt right everywhere is just saying any muslim in any country is a refugee anyways . 
  even though our muslims have been here for more than two generations . 
  well almost all foreign cover of other countries breaking news tend to be either really biased , either really false . 
  there are riots in paris suburbs because of youngster who got raped by the police , almost all american media i follow were saying these were terrorists attacks and committed by refugees . 
  obviously the rioters are just french people living in paris suburbs but it seems like it 's easier than ever to make up fake news . 
  but if you waste money you get poor , if you are rich you 're clearly not wastign your money ? 
  most tourists go for the french riviera or the costa brava in spain but usally forget how beautiful and cheaper a stay in lion 's gulf beaches can be . 
  yes , and it only happened three times that the president and the pm were from different parties . 
  i can treat you well if you want ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  one country = / = one nation . 
  even though i kinda agree with your point . 
  a lot of countries are not made up solely by one nation . 
  sounds like german federation . 
   one is head of the executive branch and one is head of the legislative branch , and seperation of powers is important . 
  which absolutely does not matter because , in fact , they are mostly from the same party and the president has authority over the pm . 
  well , when i mean veterans i mean irak vets or afghanistan ones . 
  dudes who 've seen shit . 
  i do not especially admire soldiers but there 's a difference between a dude who joins the army because he has no choice and someone who 's actually been at war . 
  - `` hi , how is it going ? '', 
  - `` hello , how is going for you ? '', 
  ( formal ) `` wesh gros bien ou bien ? '', 
  - `` hey man wassup ? '', 
  ( litterally `` hey big man good or good ? '', 
  the only cookbooks where i 've seen `` table spoons '' and stuff like that are my grandma 's because she never weighed any ingredients . 
  otherwise i saw grams and kilograms, 
  not only that , also the fact that i saw a lot of homeless veterans when i went to the west coast . 
  someone who fought for his country should get a special help to work his life out after the war . 
  i do n't really know a lot about it , but the way veterans are treated is absolutely disgusting . 
  it really depends , i heard there are some universities with english only cursus . 
  pro cooks are n't the masters of cuisine . 
  i know grandmas who do not follow rules/know any measurements yet they cook the best food, 
  easy argument since probably none of us will travel to america just to taste your ice cream though . 
  no , but the dude just assumed that the other dude was bad at cooking just because he was from a country that does n't use tbsp and cups measurement . 
  which is a dumb statement considering that countries using these measurement usually end up deep frying anything . 
  what 's the broken window theory ? 
  religion and state are separated here . 
  you can be religious but you ca n't show it or try to convince people to join your church in public . 
  religion is really private and not something we talk a lot about . 
  in fact most of us do not really care . 
  a lot of us are either catholics or atheists , a minority is either muslim or jewish . 
  a lot of people who consider themselves as atheists are baptized though , because it was a popular thing to baptize your children back then , nowadays not so much . 
   but that would really be about your lack of skill in cooking , not about the system of measurement . 
  yeah , let 's not talk about the immense quality of cuisine in the countries who use tablespoons and cups as a measurement unit compared to those who do n't . 
  probably on the american meaning of the word `` liberal '', 
  and pretty much every european country . 
   the guy did not want to sell to us because he thought we were cops for some reasons . 
  same for me trying to buy weed in paris a few months ago . 
  we actually send unknown singers to eurovision because we do not want to win it . 
  i think we do not want to organize the show in our country because it would cost a lot . 
  i 'm actually surprised there 's a lot of you guys who like zaz . 
  [ mfw ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/masonry/000/914/060/97c.png ), 
   we have the best cakes , biscuits and chocolates in the world are you fucking kidding me ? 
  also , if it counts there are a lot of far right minor media who reportedly create fake news about crimes and stuff related to the migrants/muslims . 
  man , i come from southern france . 
  we 're more fucked up than you . 
  one in four of the people is unemployed and life is expensive as fuck because of old rich people coming to live here . 
  london seemed like a heaven . 
  man do n't tempt me . 
  i 'm just back from london and honestly i want to live in the uk so much now . 
  yeah , the problem is that i have to choose between the two languages for my studies . 
  i have translation classes and if you happen to not make a clear choice between british and american english it can be counted as a mistake . 
  yeah , exactly the same . 
  usually i try to adapt to the person i 'm speaking to/writing to . 
  i think i 'm more in touch with the american writing/speaking but sometimes i surprise myself writing colour instead of color so i guess that i 'm a mix between the two . 
  let 's just keep it that way . 
  our secularism is good . 
  i kinda joke about voting for le pen , but i never would . 
  i could n't live with myself knowing that i left france in the hands of these . 
  if it was about me only , then fuck it i 'd vote for her , because i leave the country in august . 
  but i have a family staying here and nephews who will leave the consequences of it . 
  however , i wo n't vote for anybody because it is the only way to make her lose . 
  it already happened on other votes and everytime we got screwed . 
  about macron , to me he 's basically the most dangerous candidate along with le pen . 
  his plan is to make everything better for big companies and small ones , and while i agree the small ones need help the big ones will certainly fuck us up when they can . 
  it 's a do or die tactic , either he succeeds and the country becomes the apex for entrepreneurs and creation or he fails and everything we have is gone . 
  he wants to reform the state 's participation in everyday life in order to make it more competitive , but if the entrepreneurs do n't play their part , we 're done .
