  hi fellow citizen !, 
  i do n't know that much about our university system but i know my university allows studying from home called `` enseignement \u00e0 distance '' unfortunately the classes are mostly in french so you 'd have to speak french and also come to the university once or twice a year to take some exams which can not be done from your home . 
  i do n't know if it helps . 
  luckily we managed to get some of the most beautiful pieces of art in le louvre !, 
  lyon probably . 
  lyon would be cool because it 's quite central except maybe for the people from brittany or nord pas de calais . 
  why not barcelona ? 
  upvoted for saint bernardus, 
  going to edit . 
  it would take way more than that . 
  most europeans are in the nato meaning they are allies so the otan would have to collapse . 
  also we are all in the united nations which means that the country which would start the war would probably collapse under the economic and political punishment . 
  edit : nato for otan, 
  there are plenty of castles on the french mediterranean coast especially around the border with spain ( salses , perpignan , villefranche de conflent , mont-louis ) you should definetely visit la cit\u00e9 de carcassonne . 
  if you are into architecture , montpellier has a very nice innercity which ally modernity and tradition . 
  the main cities where you will find a lot of things to see are probably marseille , nice and the riviera , montpellier , nimes and perpignan . 
  a lot of the cities you will travel through from spain to italy will be interesting because a lot of them are close to two thousand years old . 
  great food , great weather , nice beaches even though sometimes the water is not 99 % clear everywhere . 
  basically you could just work your way through the coast and every city will match your requirements . 
  a lot of beautiful villages and cities with a lot to discover . 
  in football i tend to support spain and italy when they do not play against france of course . 
  in rugby i like ireland and scotland too . 
  spain is a really small rugby team and italy is just freewin for everyone in six nations so i do not support them even though i like the country a lot . 
  i thought it was some sort of alcohol roleplaying game where you could level up depending on the alcohol you drink ... 
  what 's `` 50pc alcohol level '' ? 
  bullfighting is also a thing in southern france so i guess it does not belong to the category of `` weird part of your culture that not even your neighbours understand '', 
  mediterranean masterrace ( avec l'accent de jmlp ), 
  well , almost every year the fireworks are postponed because of wind in my area so i guess they 're not that special , also we have a lot of fireworks all along the summer anyway so . 
  are n't fireworks part of every country 's national day ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  well it is definetely not as big as in barcelona but usually there are meetings in perpignan and otherwise it 's just an important day for us but not as important as 14th of july where most of the stores are closed . 
  14th of july to celebrate the `` storming of the bastille '' and the `` f\u00eate de la f\u00e9d\u00e9ration '' . 
  on this day , we usually march in the innercities and there are military parades on the champs elys\u00e9es . 
  [ here 's a pic of the parade ] ( http://www.radiomelodie.com/actus/actu-13072016id5565.jpg ) as a region , there 's the diada de catalunya , national day of catalonia where we celebrate the siege of barcelona in 1714 . 
  it was forbidden under franco 's reign . 
  [ here 's a picture of people marching in barcelona on the 11th of september ] ( http://www.barcelonas.com/images/section-of-v-of-la-diada-2014.jpg ), 
  i did a road trip from los angeles to las vegas to san francisco ( with a lot of small destinations ) for 3 weeks back in 2013 and it was probably the best trip i 've ever had . 
  i also did a european roadtrip the summer before and it was great too . 
  going to new york or l.a. is basically every teenager 's dream . 
  but personally i prefered san francisco over las vegas and los angeles . 
  both were kinda boring since i was only 17 back then . 
  but the trip was really nice because i really enjoy hiking and discovering nature and the south western coast of the us has a lot of wonderful yet not that popular areas , my favorite were lake powell , lake havasu , grand canyon ( obviously ) , zion national park and yosemite . 
  well you might think mosquitoes are only a problem in tropical countries but canada , man they have a whole fucking lot of mosquitoes in summer it 's horrible in qu\u00e9bec particularly . 
  yeah but we should let them out of schengen , we do not want those mosquitoes in our continent . 
  tacos ( not the mexican kind ) at lunch , pasta with pesto for dinner . 
  in perpignan ( france ) most of us speak french only , but a lot of us can actually speak and understand catalan and all the gyspie community almost only speaks catalan . 
  enjoying food is such a big part of our culture . 
  a whole day can be fucked up if the food was n't good in my opinion . 
  if you travel through girona and like art i also suggest to go to figueres , there 's a big museum about dali 's art . 
  you can also visit his house in cadaques which is also a lovely coast town with beautiful cliffs ( but a lot of wind ), 
  i know that in italy it is considered as really gross to eat fast food and people are still very close to their traditions about food . 
  in france it 's still a bit that way but i 'd say we enjoy fast food and global food a lot . 
  in every city you will find restaurants from almost every famous country in the world . 
  and honestly even though i 'm attached to the mediterranean type of food , i 'd eat asian food once a week if i could afford it . 
  and all the irregular verbs ... 
  well , that 's not a french particularity , almost all romance language use a ton of tenses . 
  italian , french , spanish are the ones i think about . 
  he 's not the best , but he is far better than sarkozy , which was the only other choice in 2012 ... 
  yeah , in germany they have supermarkets where you get reductions from recycling . 
  a lot of homeless people actually look for everything that can be recycled in order to be able to buy something , that 's sad but hey , at least everyone recycles their shit now . 
  valentino rossi is extremely popular in italy and in areas where motorbike is popular but i think more people know and love gigi . 
  what a wonderful player , i think i 'll cry when he retires . 
  yeah but they 're not really exhaustive . 
  i mean , the french departement of pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es orientales used to be under spanish and aragon sovereignty yet it does not appear on the list , same for alsace lorraine which used to be german . 
  if you enjoy the waves of stupid tourists every summer yeah , saint tropez is nice . 
  french riviera is awesome , it 's just a shame that 's it is so overcrowded . 
  it 's not just a byzantine thing . 
  that 's a christian thing , if you go to a small old village in europe on sunday you will a lot of old women wearing a scarf . 
  covering your head is a mark of respect in a lot of religions . 
  well , i think they 're safe too but you know , two years ago in algeria a frenchman got kidnapped and beheaded while hiking in the mountains so the reputation of the country got worse . 
  also because there 's a lot of rivalry since algeria and tunisia used to be our colonies . 
  but i got a lot of algerian friends and i believe they 're nice people if you 're nice to them , also i really enjoy the culture . 
  yeah , morocco , algeria and tunisia all seem like * really * wonderful places . 
  and i do n't really care about what some people think about security there , i would love to live there . 
  somewhere in the maghreb or probably a south american country but i do n't know if we can consider them as `` developing countries '', 
  yeah , i like ncaa basketball . 
  but unfortunately this year i was supporting my next university ( w&m college ) but they failed to qualify so i did not watch the games that much . 
  that and the fact that airing times are way for me . 
  perpignan is estimated to be from 927 after christ , montpellier from 985 according to wikipedia . 
  which is relatively `` young '' considering that there are ancient greek cities not far away from montpellier and perpignan being agde and elne . 
  if you enjoy overcrowded areas . 
  my feet stink horribly even though i use new socks everyday . 
  i usually switch between us and uk depending to who i speak to . 
  i feel like speaking trying to imitate the british accent makes me more sophisticated but speaking american english makes me more intelligible and cool . 
  i always learned both dialects and i think i 'll have a hard time since next year i 'll be studying in the us and i 'll have to write with the correct orthography . 
   ( the original version is all in spanish ) you mean to tell me there 's another version ? 
  shoes off inside my house , shoes on inside anyone else 's house . 
  barefoot during spring/summer/fall , socks during winter . 
  oh , i knew i had already seen that flag somewhere . 
  yes the lack of flair is really annoying , we have no basque and no catalan flair ... 
  wtf is that basque country flair ? 
  that 's cringeworthy . 
  when i was a kid , on france 3 pays catalan , there was viure el pais ( a show about northern catalonia ) and right after sometimes we could watch titeuf in catalan . 
  you should tell us the field you study . 
  it can highly impact the number of hours . 
  i do n't eat that much bread anyways and i do n't eat at home for lunch . 
  yeah , i was legit happy for ireland when they beat the all blacks in a showmatch in the us . 
  you get to see the ab lose only a few times in your lifetime . 
  a lot of baguettes get crusty as fuck when you freeze them and heat them in the oven . 
  it 's not worth it .
