  many factors affect a wine 's taste , weather and climate are one of them but it only affects it a little . 
  the winds , what 's in the soil , pollution of the air , the ph of the water and other stuff . 
  that 's why recreating wines is almost impossible, 
   wines in france will taste like spanish ones , we 'll have bordeaux-like wine in brittany and southern england ( yikes ) not exactly . 
  temperature only affects the percentage of alcohol in the wine . 
  the taste comes from the terrain where it grows . 
  london airport system fucking sucks . 
  why ca n't you have an airport in london itself like every other towns ? 
  i traveled from montpellier to london gatwick , it took us more time to go from gatwick to london than the flight itself ... 
  europe * is * way more dense than the us . 
  most us families usually live in a house even when they live in big cities . 
  in europe there 's almost no private houses in cities you have to live in an appartment because land itself is fucking expensive . 
  only very rich people can afford to live in houses in cities . 
  the only american city where i believe almost everyone lives in appartments is new york , all the other cities have a fair share of normal houses . 
  you know what we used to do to people with royal blood . 
  they should be happy the common idea is to ignore them now . 
  thank you, 
  my mother was 24 , my father 34 when they had my sister . 
  when they had me my mother was 32 and my father 42 , unfortunately he died 8 years later . 
  i have an appartment with flatmates and it is only 200m away from my uni so i walk . 
  try to bribe most european cops , such a good idea , we love bribery here . 
  oh , sorry i thought we were talking about english language in general !, 
  i n * ggas in paris , kanye says `` excuse my french but i 'm in france , i 'm just sayin ' '', 
  a lot of people have absolutely no clue of how the world used to be and still is very violent . 
  they just idealize the past but it is most likely that , even with all the efforts we put into counter terrorism , it will still exist in the future . 
  especially in some countries like italy , spain or the uk . 
  with the ira , le brigate rosse and eta , they had way more terrorist attacks before than nowadays with isis . 
  paris is much hotter in the summer because the city is very dense , but versailles it located in the outskirts of paris so expect slight wind to ease the temperature . 
  i 'm french but from catalunya nord, 
  i 'd like to give them catalan surnames like joan , lluis , jaume or josep if it 's a boy and aina , llucia , sofia or silvia if it 's a girl . 
  fucks sake , how is this some sort of `` shitty mentality '' ? 
  yeah excuse these people for having a political consciouness and because they do not want to see their social rights slowly fade , right ? 
  reform is necessary but it turns out it always affects the same kind of people and never those who earn the most . 
  and guess what , when you always hit the lowest classes of the population they tend to fight back and shit hits the fan because they are the most numerous . 
  change is good , but reform is not always a good thing . 
  you tend to present it as something that 's necessary and obviously very profitable for everyone yet we 've had reforms in spite of the strikes and guess what , they did not do shit . 
  it always makes me laugh when they say `` you ca n't reform france '' when all the right wing govs had a big reform every five years which still passed in spite of huge strikes . 
  are n't there more gang members in the south ? 
  well there are lots of interesting places in the midwest , like chicago for example . 
  personally i 'd love to live in detroit because no one wants to go there . 
  if you can afford it , do it , it 's probably one of the best places to make a roadtrip . 
  you got the point though , basque is fucking ancient compared to indo european languages and it is not as well protected as the likes of most latin or germanic or slavic languages . 
  yeah but most other languages are either dialects or national languages . 
  and they appeared much more recently than basque . 
  basque should naturally be dissapearing because the people who spoke it initially got replaced , that 's why we have to protect it . 
  because basque is possibly the only pre-indoeuropean language still existing . 
  the wind goes through the big avenues and when you 're in downtown manhattan it is fucking strong if that 's what you wanted to know . 
  ( i did not quite get the meaning of your sentence , sorry ), 
  italian people are magnificent , are you kidding ? 
  seriously , never change , you 're awesome . 
  a bunch of french guys wearing berets , marini\u00e8res and drinking wine instead of the regular whisky/martini of british spies . 
  their cover shop would be a bakery or a restaurant . 
  the young dude who joins the kingsmen would be a young person from seine saint denis ( the poorest/riskiest district in paris region ) and he would learn the art of dressing as a stereotypical french person in order to perpetuate the stereotypes about french people ( being arrogant , having a good taste in wine and food , smelling bad , dressing in haute couture and go on strike every week ), 
  from my friends point of view ( he lived in nyc for a year ) christmas and nye are probably the most overrated holidays to spend in nyc . 
  winter is snowy and cold as fuck . 
  on nye everyone is packed on times square in the cold weather . 
  you have to know that the wind is really strong in nyc and really cold from autumn to spring . 
  halloween is a good holiday to spend in nyc imo because everybody dresses up for it and the decorations are awesome . 
  you mean there are other cities outside paris ? 
  what 's a good answer other than `` it is illegal to do that '' . 
  i wo n't tell him something that 's wrong because it will please him . 
  calling for a boycott is simply illegal so nobody does it . 
  period . 
  that 's because associations started to ask for a boycott on israeli products, 
  calling for a boycott of a country is illegal here . 
  not if you lose it . 
  it is free if you have it for the first time or a renewal , if you lose it it 's 50 $, 
  they are also in catalan in perpignan . 
  yeah , it 's not like you were setting everything on fire for a tax on pollution, 
  you can have independence when you want my friend . 
  might be a bit too critical about the state of our country , but if i bragged about how good we are and how good it is to live here , guess what . 
  people would go and shittalk about the fact that i am arrogant , ignorant and say the exact same things i brought up as downsides . 
  yes we 're good , but we 're far from perfect . 
  same in france . 
  also i had a friend in law school here who was 47 and did not graduate from high school when he was young but instead he could pass a two year diploma in law school which is the equivalent of high school diploma . 
  after that you can enroll in uni . 
  not really , i ca n't say for sure because i 've never seen american immigrants other than students living here for an exchange . 
  as far as i know we do not care , but do not expect us to be all friendly , as in every country we have our share of assholes who are n't kind to strangers . 
  especially if you settle in a small village , but this is not a personal hate towards americans but a general hate towards everyone who 's not from the village itself . 
  the hardest thing when it comes to welcome americans or immigrants is the language barrier . 
  if most young french have a fair level in english it is clearly not the case with anyone over 40 years old . 
  but if you live here you should be able to learn the language fast or at least be able to understand someone speaking french slowly . 
   the grass is greener well , i guess that 's your point of view . 
  there are points where europe is one of the best places in the world but there are also reasons why it is not exactly better than other places . 
  i am going to talk for france as an example , we probably have the best cuisine along with italy , we have universal healthcare , the weather is quite nice , beaches are good and the scenery in general is very up to the standards but economically speaking we 're only recovering from the 2009 's crisis , the state is indebted up to almost 100 % of the gdp , 10 % of the population is unemployed and one out of seven are considered under the poverty thresh-hold . 
  so yes it might seem better from a foreing point of view and if you already have working options here , of course you 'll probably have a better life , but if you look to come here and try to find options after arriving , you might have a hard time especially if you do not speak the local language . 
  most people who say nationalism is gone in europe are obviously hardline nationalists from other countries or have absolutely no idea of how politics work ? 
  if an ideology does not run a country it does not mean it does not exist . 
  macron won against le pen , that does not mean that nationalist no longer exists in france , nor that since trump won , liberalism ceased to exist in the us . 
  nationalists right wing parties are round 10/20 % almost everywhere in europe , i believe that 's a fair amount of the voting population . 
  europe is pretty nice to be fair . 
  we have a fair weather , nice landscapes , enjoyable cities , some of the best lifestyles ( mediterranean diet for example ) and also i believe everyone thinks the grass is greener in other countries so i guess for westerners outside of europe , it looks like europe is some sort of haven . 
  thank you camrade caragor, 
  i do n't even know . 
  i 'd love to know why belluno is nobody 's land . 
  your country has such interesting urban legends and stuff . 
  why are people from the province of vicenza considered as cateaters ? 
  no that absolutely does not count as an argument . 
  retail employees in london have to deal with every fucking accent that exists on earth and from my point of view it 's very easier to understand a foreigner speaking english than a jamaicann south african or an indian accent . 
  change sucks , sometimes you have to pay a high percentage to the change company .
