  90 % it means white trash . 
  or gypsies . 
  where i come from , all gypsies ( gitans ) are named either after characters in the bible or characters from soap opera, 
   never having meals by yourself . 
  what if you live alone ? 
  yeah of course , trainstations usually leave you in the innercity which is what you mainly look for as a tourist , but seriously , train is really too slow and too long to me . 
  edit : too long instead of too fast, 
   the cheapest way is trains , sorry to say . 
  it 's not really true , trains on the inside of a country might be cheap , but if you want to cross some borders it gets fucking expensive and usually end up with a really longer travel . 
  you can probably find quite a lot of planes between 30 and 100 $ . 
  i just found you a plane to go from barcelona to paris for 30 $ with ryan air or transavia . 
  planes in europe are n't that expensive , usually they are even cheaper than trains ( which are fucking expensive , considering i have to pay the same amount of money to make barcelona paris than to make perpignan montpellier ), 
  i just can not stand her . 
  her songs are just trying to moralize people and i ca n't stand it . 
  oh my god , not zaz please . 
  yeah , i mean , it 's not like diseases were not contagious . 
  a country is like a big room , if someone is sick and you ca n't help curing him then the other people will get sick and so on . 
  everybody should access a proper healthcare . 
  there are a lot of what we call winter breaks in the french alps . 
  it 's kinda our spring break . 
  a lot of students go there and party all night , ski all day . 
  you should probably find quite a lot of ski resorts hosting these in february . 
  that 's what they 've been doing for the last decades so . 
  then you should probably go for somewhere on the mediterranean . 
  maybe ibiza would be cool it is probably the best place to party . 
  berlin has a lot of really good nightclubs but it 's quite cold right now . 
  amsterdam is also really good but with a bad weather ( lots of rain and cold winter ) . 
  paris has good nightlife but it might be expensive ( even though you mentionned budget was n't an issue ) . 
  barcelona is really good too and quite expensive compared to everywhere else in spain . 
  there are some good spots to party on the croatian coast but i think it 's more appropriate to go in the summer . 
  it depends , do you want to freeze to death or get a place where it 's mildly cold at night/fair in the day ? 
  why would afd join a coalition with merkel ? 
  are n't they opposed to her agenda ? 
   the noon meal is d\u00eener and evening meal is souper . 
  that 's the same in southern france . 
  i never used word `` d\u00e9jeuner '' for anything but the first meal of the day !, 
  what 's up with the petit d\u00e9jeuner ? 
  how should we call it ? 
  you ruin francophonie, 
  hey , just to clarify i was joking !, 
  filthy walloons and their weird number system . 
  german ones should n't be that interesting . 
  merkel is pretty much going to win it right ? 
  the coalition with the spd stands still , only extremists parties are on the rise but they all have pretty much no chances of winning . 
  french one might be interesting since fillon ( right leader ) is probably not going to go for it ( he 's in deep trouble since it has been discovered that his wife got paid 600k $ for doing nothing in parliament ) . 
  pretty much going to be either a right leader or a fake left leader . 
  le pen has almost no chance of making it . 
  no , in fact i 'm not born there , i 'm just here since 3 years , to study , i come from further south , near the border with spain . 
  yes of course , the city is only a few kilometers away from the sea . 
  you can actually take the trolley to go to the beach ( which is * really * nice ) . 
  in fact you can pretty much go anywhere interesting with the trolley . 
  english and italian . 
  it 's a particular cursus where i learn both languages and history of the two areas ( north america and uk for english , italia for italian ), 
  everyday i walk 5 minutes to this [ university ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsod9ihnbby ) i do not drive , nor do i bike , i usually just walk or take the bus whenever i need it . 
  my city also has a trolley but i never use it more than three times a week . 
  edit : when i say everyday , i 'm joking of course because i only study 3 days a week . 
  the rest is just me staying at home or out taking pictures, 
  i 'm not native speaker , but in my language , we do n't have a different word to name them . 
  i do n't really know if english speakers use any other term than native american , maybe amerindian . 
  but either way , that would be really stupid since most north american tribes and south american tribes share a lot , to me it 's kinda like european cultures , the people are not that different they just developped their own shit because they were too far from each other . 
  is n't it due to the fact that america and canada were build up by protestant migrants who wanted to practice their religion while australia was built on british citizens either leaving for a better opportunity or because they were sentenced to exile ? 
  hence the british are more present on australian soil while america welcomed protestants from all around europe ? 
  in france , burger sauce is mostly something you find in supermarkets along with burger cheese . 
  to me it tastes like big tasty 's sauce ( i do n't know if it exists in your country but big tasty is a burger in mcdonald 's ), 
  bonne chance , i would n't even dare starting to learn danish . 
  looks way too difficult !, 
  why is there the eiffel tower on this chips bag ? 
  i 'm not a specialist , but in most french innercities , you can not make buildings taller than some monuments . 
  that 's why you do n't see skyscrapers in the innercity of paris except maybe for the montparnasse tower . 
  there 's a law preventing it in order to protect the `` historical '' skyline of a city . 
  i personally think that skyscrapers are overrated and here a lot of people would rather live in an haussmanian type building than in a skyscraper . 
  old buildings usually have better appartments if you look for authenticity and older styles which is what most french buyers look for right now . 
  i feel like italians have kind of a weird accent . 
  i work with few italians and when they speak english i barely understand . 
  their pronounciation of the english `` a '' is quite weird . 
  `` to rap '' becomes `` to rep '' and so on . 
  french r is so weird that most french natives ca n't pronounce other types or r . that sucks . 
  casu marzu is also eaten in corsica , i guess we share this one, 
  i ca n't wash the dishes without wetting the whole kitchen, 
  you can not go to belgium and not visit bruges !, 
  socks indoors fucking suck . 
  imagine walking on a wet floor ? 
  this sounds like they have great cocaine . 
  obviously a good place to travel to . 
   everyone who says that things were better before , are wrong , taking statistics , human rights development , etc. 
  into consideration . 
  maybe for the upper middle class and anyone above . 
  for anyone below , everything is strictly worse . 
  yes the salaries increased , yes the overall hdi is increasing , but the prices went higher than the salaries , austerity is seriously threatening a lot of criterias who compose hdi and the gap between the rich and the poor has never been this wide . 
  qu\u00e9bec is probably the only former french colony to have kept strong bonds and good relationship with france . 
  i absolutely love the qu\u00e9becois, 
  i want to go to algeria , tunisia and morocco, 
  i do n't really know about it , can you enlighten me about the difference between nationality and citizenship in polish law ? 
  i 'm interested in it , but it 's really difficult to trace back your ancestors . 
  i do n't really know anyone from my great-grandfather upwards . 
  all my ancestors come from france , some of them from catalonia . 
  that 's it . 
   you are not eg . 
  polish couse your grandparents were from poland that 's not what polish legislation regarding nationality says . 
   romanians are descendants of the romans , that 's not a myth that 's not entirely true either .
