  it depends , for french phone network providers you usually could use your phone for almost nothing in the uk , germany , spain and italy . 
  it wo n't change that much . 
  casinos are legal but not that common , betting is legal too . 
  cock fights are legal in northern france because it is part of their tradition too . 
  looks good enough though . 
  my university 's football ground does not have grass on it . 
  for twenty euros i can travel 150km north of my hometown . 
  that 's pretty much what i pay when i go from my parent 's town to the city where i study . 
  and they 're all in the same region . 
  wolves and bears in the pyrenees , several types of vipers , scorpions and asian hornets in the south . 
  talking about it at home is not forbidden , you can do whatever the fuck you want , just you ca n't post about it in newspaper , you can not distribute papers about your candidate or make posters . 
  it is not outdated , simply as every other law , they can be broken . 
  people of social media will talk about it but they can be sued if they do it . 
  i like germany as every other european country , we 're a big family now , it 's just that i do n't share merkel 's views on how a country should be runned . 
  how can you like him personnally ? 
  you met him ? 
  from which point are we considered as a polyglot ? 
  i mean , i speak 4 languages and i would n't consider myself as one because i know few people who speak 5,6 or even seven languages . 
  yeah , that 's the closest thing we have to porco dio , i 'd love to have a french porco dio . 
  italian cursewords are so good . 
  sometimes i say `` putain de dieu '' which is basically the same as `` porco dio '' i believe . 
  fuck them both . 
  i absolutely love talking to foreigners living here . 
  their accent when they try to speak french is so cute . 
  they have no confederation , meaning that they can not take part in official competitions like euro or world cup . 
  i 'm from southern french coast so of course i will die if you get me somewhere where it rains more than once a month or gets under 10 \u00b0 c in winter . 
  depends where you live i guess . 
  where i live there are no poles , a little bit of portuguese , italians and spanish but mostly people from maghreb . 
  algerians , definetely . 
  stop interfering and fucking up with middle east maybe ? 
  what we already did should give us refugees for at least half the century , maybe if we stop now we could be good by the year 2050 or more . 
  yeah , i missunderstood sorry . 
   2 ) egalit\u00e9 & r\u00e9conciliation ( equality and reconciliation ) are mainly and antisemites antisionists ( lol ) please it 's clearly not the same . 
   lots of airlines offer drinks and snacks though not low cost companies  did you perhaps feel better because they speak french ? 
  i speak 4 languages , mate . 
  also on long flights the food is actually quite good . 
  the chef who runs the factories where they produce the food we eat up there is like three stars on the michelin . 
  air france is an extremely good company for me . 
  sure it 's expensive but everytime i had flights with them the crew was amazing and you always have a drink and a snack offered which is nice . 
  they can be larger than most european capitals , there is probably a reason why no one knows them . 
  a lot of big cities in china are big because they are working towns . 
  there 's absolutely no particular sign of culture or whatsoever . 
  also most people do n't know the names of chinese towns because we decided to change them . 
  canton is supposed to be called guangzhou or something like that . 
  train is really expensive in europe . 
  flights are much cheaper . 
  last year it was down the road because i lived in a small appartment . 
  now it is in my cellar because i moved to a three bedroom appartment with friends . 
  hard life i guess . 
  they 're having it much worse than the rest of us . 
  the housing is expensive as fuck to the point that some people who have jobs have to live in their car . 
  everything is damn expensive because of tourists , the weather is extremely unpredictable and most of the time it is grey with a chance of rain . 
  the tourists also make public transports really slow because they move slowly compared to true parisians . 
  considering all that , i kind of understand why they tend to have absolutely no chill . 
  i do n't know about latin , but hebrew and ancient greek are classics in almost every french university, 
  north - inbred people and alcoholics south - lazy people corsica - mafia britanny - alcoholics paris - assholes, 
  the exact opposite happens too . 
  when i go to spain every fucking time the waiter realizes i 'm french so he speaks french to me . 
  dude , i speak spanish and catalan , i just want to practice it sometimes !, 
  yes , they are mostly from the indignados, 
  spanish constitution does not allow such a referendum , nor does it allow a region to secede from it . 
  yeah , arabic is tough , probably some of the toughest language on par with russian and chinese . 
  but i like the fact that some words in french come from arabic and also that we still add some of them . 
  in europe a close call between spanish and italian , non-european probably arabic . 
  yeah i know , we sorta do well , but i ca n't remember the last time we won, 
  some said he was antisemitic, 
  my country never does good at eurovision but this year , i 'm all for moldova . 
  they bring back the epic sax guy . 
  no one gives a shit about it . 
  pasta with marinated chicken : 500g of your favorite type of pasta ( i prefer small ones like farfalle for example ) 2 chicken breasts 2 red bellpeppers honey , pepper , salt , curry , paprika , olive oil , soy sauce ( the salty type , not the sweet ) , garlic and onion . 
  start by cutting your chicken in relatively small dices in order to make it faster to cook and easier to marinate . 
  then you put it in a bowl , soak it in soy sauce , add olive oil , honey to your appreciation , crush a garlic in it , add the spices previously listed until it has a nice color and smell . 
  salt and pepper ( as always ) . 
  let it marinade overnight . 
  cook your pasta . 
  dice your bellpeppers or cut them into thin strips , cook it in olive oil until it gets softer , add your chicken and the marinade . 
  cook the whole thing until the chicken gets a nice color but not too much , otherwise it gets dry !, 
  add all that to your pasta et voil\u00e0 !, 
  for the cost , the chicken cost me 6 $ , the bellpeppers around 2 $ , 0.50 $ for the pasta and i do n't really know how much the spices cost but the spices and the soy sauce might be the `` expensive '' part of this dish . 
  then they should definetely , maupassant and celine 's work are considered to be some of the finest pieces of french litterature even though celine is a big controversial . 
  [ this one ] ( https://www.ecb.europa.eu/euro/coins/comm/shared/img/joint_comm_2009_belgium.jpg ) because it looks like a 4 year old designed it . 
  i had one once , and i genuinely believed that it was a fake coin . 
  are n't most of these classics in litterature in general or is it just for us ? 
  well , i did some research as a part of one of my courses in uni and i found out that most mediterranean countries used pretty much the same ingredients when cooking food , have a lot of history in common for example , spain with morocco , france with algeria and lebanon , italy with tunisia and libya etc. . . 
  i believe that there are more coherent culture in common between the mediterranean countries than there is between all the countries in europe itself . 
  i feel closer to the maghreb than to nordic countries for example . 
  morocco only has a small part of its shores in the mediterranean , most of it is atlantic ocean . 
  well it was dt 's decision though . 
  and he said it would be a bad idea to attack syria not that long ago . 
  i followed the election and i study american govt and politics and i believe that trump was elected because of his isolationist ideas while clinton wanted the us to remain involved as the world 's peacemaker . 
  it might be a bit dissappointing to his supporters now . 
  well at least for an international agreement , it is very likely that most western governments would have supported the strikes . 
   he should have waited for the investigation results . 
  he should have waited for the fucking un to decide for something to do . 
  just because he did it alone without letting us know before doing it , i would not follow them in this war . 
  and basque country, 
  well , technically , marine le pen wants to put borders back because we have no borders since schengen so i would say she is indeed advocating for border changes . 
  not only on the economic side , there were open conflict with azerbaijan last year iirc . 
   automatic transmission wow , you guys drive automatic ? 
  til,
