maille for mustard and amora for both ketchup and mayo . 
  i 'm sure we come last when it comes to the nicest people, 
  chewing with the mouth open, 
  pointy roofs versus flat roofs too . 
  lyon is considered to be the french capital of food so i 'd advise going there . 
  it is close to geneva and not that far from paris so you can easily make a stop there . 
  it 's also a pretty city looking as french as it can get so i guess it would be a good way to experience our culture . 
  yes , but they 're starting to get old , do not go everywhere and they 're really expensive, 
  la sncf , they run the trains in france and are hated because the service is expensive and trains are old as fuck/always late . 
  well struggling against fascism is an everyday battle that ca n't really be accomplished . 
  fellow catalan here, 
  yeah , that 's why i said `` from '' . 
  i meant it like it originates from france . 
  nowadays even seat and lamborghini belong to the german, 
  well , we 've had a fair amount of companies in those sectors here in france . 
  peugeot , citro\u00ebn , renault and bugatti are all from france . 
  we created the minitel which could have been the computer we use right now . 
  but yeah i get the point though , silicon valley is a hub for small and medium companies in the tech fields . 
  there are a lot of infrastructures and also big universities around that provide those companies with quality workers . 
  i guess there are n't that much places in the world with such infrastructures, 
  there 's always space between the wall and the car so you can go through , otherwise you can still walk on the road , it 's usually small streets without that much traffic, 
  yeah as you said in france it is quite usual , i have witnessed it in spain and italy too . 
  italia , foccacia and bread overall is good there . 
  spain comes close, 
  lothringen sounds so much better imo . 
  sounds like something out of the middle earth, 
  funny you used the german word for alsace , but kept the french word for lorraine, 
  here they get bashed because they have a lot of vacation time , but teachers have a big responsibility in teaching the youth, 
  there are a lot of spectators on the road of the tour that are n't french . 
  froome is generally disliked among the cycling community and bardet is cycling at home, 
  all your wallonian base are belong to us, 
  fuck you do n't have freeways ? 
  the `` highways '' are mostly 2x2 roads . 
  i only thought about mainland france, 
  yeah that 's where i 'm from !, 
  i mean in terms of roads and trains, 
  i wish, 
  nord pas de calais , languedoc roussillon for poverty and brittany for developement i guess . 
  yes i 'd live on the coasts only, 
  anything between the atlantic and the mediterranean coast, 
  i 'm not going to give my adress on a website like this, 
  yeah my high school had over 2000 students, 
  not that common , at least not where i live . 
  but i live in the far eastern side of the pyrenees so we do not live in the pyrenees but on the coast . 
  in my area , we get around one wildfire every week during summer ( pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es orientales ), 
  russia because i could be able to pursue a carreer as an actor who only plays bad guys in spying movies, 
  french and italian wine , scottish whisky , polish wodka , french cognac . 
  about food , i 'd say all european foods have tasty products , but the ones i like the most are spanish , french , italian and greek/turkish cuisine . 
  a federation means we keep the states , just like the united states . 
  it 's just that those states lose their sovereignty ( which is what they 're actually doing progressively ) . 
  so they can still be the heads of the states , it is just that they will lose the powers they have , which are already very limited . 
  liechstenstein is n't in the eu . 
  that would n't change the lives of the people in these countries since constitutional monarchs have close to no power whatsoever . 
  the terror was a piece of cake compared to the wwii in france . 
  the terror lasted for a shorter period and was far better than occupation/holocaust . 
  i 'm going to virginia, 
  fuck , i 'm going on an exchange this september for the entire year . 
  are they that bad ? 
  well , most website are hosted in the us so they are submitted to american legislation , are n't they ? 
  biggest selling genre right now . 
  and the best sellers are all in french . 
  pm me if you want a few artists to check out . 
  people who live close to the border between france and spain usually speak both languages , sometimes they share a language like catalan or basque or occit\u00e0 for some parts so communication is quite easy . 
  plus mostly if you 're a french going to a shop on the spanish side , they will automatically speak french to you . 
  and you used to have them all, 
  yeah bologna is known for its marxism background while tuscany is more socdem, 
  is n't tuscany a big bastion for the left too ? 
  bordeaux is like the southern paris . 
  it looks almost exactly the same . 
  haussmannien everywhere . 
   it : bologna ( not sure why but central enough and still more `` neutral '' than roma ) if it was a city other than rome , the italian capital would be milano . 
  it 's the economic capital already . 
  nature ? 
  because the people living on the outskirts of monaco are n't mon\u00e9gasques and even though monaco tries to extend its borders , monaco still gets big profit in the fact that owning an estate in monaco is very rare , thus very expensive . 
  not to mention that as soon as these lands go in the hands of monaco there 's a strong probability that the real estate gets crazy and these people will have to go elsewhere . 
  yep but recently there was a video clip in `` quotidien '' shaming a football fan because he could not speak english to the news anchor . 
  sad . 
  and quotidien/le petit journal have a long story in shaming people who do not speak english . 
   makes no sense to downvote legitimate questions in subs dedicated to asking questions that 's where it goes wrong . 
  usually americans are the one that post the dumbest questions on this sub . 
  they 're not downvoted because of their nationality but because they 're usually the ones that either ask questions that can be googled/have already been answered/are dumb . 
  i like latin music and reggaeton but only when i 'm drunk enough . 
  otherwise i find it fucking repetitive . 
   but there 's not as much open and isolated areas in europe compared to america . 
  that might be true for small and populated countries like denmark or netherlands but most european countries have a fair amount of forests/mountains to hike . 
  can confirm , my street get flooded every year, 
  also houses in the north are famous for their pointy roofs because snow and rain is more likely , while roofs are flatter in the south because it rarely snows/rains . 
  yep thomann is good . 
  i once bought a left handed bass thinking it was a right handed one , sent it back and they had no problem returning my money . 
  ratatouille . 
  it is just blank vegetable stew . 
  but ever since disney made that movie it is suddenly one of the most appreciated french dish abroad . 
  come on , there 's a lot better and tastier than that . 
  yes and it opened a period of persecution for an entire people who found their language forbidden and their culture endangered . 
  it only ended 40 years ago for fucks sake, 
  and its people slaughtered by either the spanish or the french army at various points in history, 
  google what happened on the 11th of september 1714, 
  i support it very much for the reason is that catalonia would be an independant state if it was not for spanish invasion/occupation . 
  yes because you have to harvest earlier , meaning that the wine will not have the same taste . 
  but it is not because the weather of bordeaux will be found in southern england that southern england wine will have the same taste .
