  the scientific high school degree is the most regarded and the most wished by students . 
  70-80 % for presidential and parliament elections 50-60 % for mayors less than 50 % for european elections . 
  i might be wrong though , i do n't have the official numbers . 
   i only wish they were n't as much a closed community as they often are indeed . 
  in france there are chinese who are living here for 60 years and some of them still do n't speak french . 
  they pretty much live on their own . 
   b ) you are a catalan fakeflaggin funniest thing i 've ever read . 
  no one fucking cares about catalonia , who would be fakeflagging for us ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  i clearly said why i did not want my part to be independant , and the arguments are clear . 
  we no longer speak catalan , most of the people in the region migrated from the north of france and maghreb . 
  why would we be with a country that we clearly no longer share the values and language ??? 
  not to mention that unlike spain , france does n't recognize catalan as an identity , does not allow catalan to be taught in public schools , does not allow sovereignty to regions . 
  edit : oh and you know , the referendum you do n't want to legitimate , would win in most of the paisos i talked about , but it would never win here in north catalonia . 
  that 's called democracy . 
  i feel like there 's disparity between north and south . 
  because i always hear hollandais , never n\u00e9erlandais . 
  i 'm from roussillon , feel really closer to barcelona than paris overall . 
  as a catalanist myself , i want the reunification of all pa\u00efsos catalans as a new nation in europe . 
  however , i feel like the french part should n't get independance because we 've been assimilated to france , almost nobody speaks catalan compared to our southern counterparts . 
  but majorca , catalunya , pais valenci\u00e0 and fraga d'aragon should get it . 
  edit : in the french part , there 's a very little part that 's native speaking in catalan , but actually a lot of kids learn it at school as second or first language . 
  fuck , erb are so cringy . 
  acting like any subreddit is n't biased . 
  this is n't the story of france , but there are points in my regional history that make me fucking angry . 
  - the siege of barcelona ( 1714 ) , basically france and spain teaming up against catalans , the beginning of the whole persecution of catalans in france and spain . 
  - the retirada ( beginning in 1939 ) where millions of spanish and catalan republicans fleeing franco and coming to france . 
  it makes me sad knowing that everyone where i live was fine with traveling to spain during the dictatorship which we knew was horrible . 
  i think a lot of wallonians have migrated to / r/france, 
  yep , i do n't know if it helps but sometimes two different companies share the same train . 
  every month i take the train from montpellier to barcelona and it is shared between sncf and renfe . 
  once i purchased a lefthanded guitar on the internet , thinking it was a right handed . 
  contactless credit cards because you do n't want to get those e-stds . 
  montparnasse must be the best view . 
  you have an angle in which you can see the eiffel tower in front of la d\u00e9fense . 
  you might also be able to see montmartre . 
   the restaurant at the top of the eiffel tower . 
  it 's shit . 
  must be hella expensive , is n't it ? 
  99 % of the cars i see in france are all manual . 
  only grandmas drive automatic . 
  florence or any italian city seem good to me . 
  you said it on reddit already . 
  he 's egyptian, 
  yeah , definetely . 
  even though it will probably be displayed weird hours since that 's a different timezone . 
  russia 's too far . 
  4 hours by plane to go to moscow , definetely too far/expensive . 
  plus the tickets will probably be sold out quickly . 
  as far as i admire his fight and consider most of the crimes he committed during the revolution were necessary and happen in every revolution , i also consider what he did when in office was really bad . 
  a two-faced leader , he represented the opposition against american imperialism but also what could go wrong with communism . 
  pasta with anything . 
  never disappointing . 
  life is strange . 
  definetely one of my best experience in gaming . 
  a good tip on how to cheek kiss someone is usually to wait for them to kiss you . 
  if they do n't go for it , do not go for it . 
  handshakes are for people i do n't really know or male friends which i 'm not really close to , cheek kisses are for friends or girls ( whatever their gender ) , hugs are for bros ( like in really close friends ) and family members . 
  pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es orientales is the best , we have really pretty mountains and wonderful beaches . 
  very nice landscapes even though we 're one of the poorest part of france . 
  but i guess i 'm just biased because that 's where i come from . 
  here 's a few examples [ collioure ] ( http://www.viree-malin.fr/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/weekend_collioure.jpg ) [ banyuls ] ( http://locationmer.info/images/diaporama/location-banyuls-sur-mer.jpg ) ( which is also really famous for the wine ) [ abbaye de saint martin du canigou ] ( http://www.lemoliere.com/photos/article_36_vignette_13_abbayestm1.jpg ) [ landscape ] ( http://www.tourisme-pyreneesorientales.com/upload/mediatheque/montagne/canpechers0801cl.jpg ) [ villefranche de conflent ] ( http://theudericus.free.fr/vauban/villefranche-de-conflent/villefranche_de_conflent.jpg ) [ mont-louis ] ( http://www.cheminsdememoire.gouv.fr/sites/default/files/styles/diaporama_fiche/public/lieux_vueaeriennecitadellemontlou.jpg?itok=apuwsajs ) [ perpignan ] ( http://www.foupix.com/photos/2008/11/09/h20081109200740f.jpg ), 
  well , even though she was against gay marriage and adoption , i guess some people feel like their ideas are more important than their sexual orientation . 
  there were black people supporting slavery after all . 
  because she 's the only far-right candidate who can make more than 1 %, 
  your small shopkeeper are chinese ? 
  here they are either indian or arab . 
  i think he meant that coins are n't that common in the us ( since they have a one dollar bill ) . 
  coins are really unusual in the us , everybody pays with bills . 
   if you wanted a shopping , you had to pay a quarter for a deposit , and they kept chained up so nobody could steal them . 
  i 'll be honest - a glance at that and i made sure my car was locked !, 
  i prefer shoppings being chained rather than left around in the parking lot like in us supermarkets . 
  they are not really chained so you ca n't steal them ( you can put a plastic coin in it and take it ) , it 's just so they do n't move if there 's wind . 
  yep , i follow catalan independance news a lot ( because i 'm from north catalonia ) and i think it 's a shame catalonia ca n't set up its own referendum . 
  there are actually polls saying that a majority of catalans is against independance . 
  as said above me , there 's close to no chance for le pen to win because we have a two round election . 
  she can win the first round with around 30-40 % but she will never get the 50 % because no one will ally to her for the secound round . 
  pretty much anyone would win against her in the second round . 
  in france , a lot of young people from the south have to go north to study/find work , adults and old people from the north go south because of the weather and the prices are cheaper . 
  south usually has less jobs than the north and universities are usually better in the north , so young people leave and families/old people arrive . 
  personally i had to go 200km north to study , some of my friends went to paris and other regions in the north while we all come from the southest point in france . 
  what do you personally think about catalonia 's independance ? 
  the language ( which i study at uni ) , the culture , the history , the monuments , the people . 
  so much things to love about italia . 
  well , it 's not exactly `` on its own '' . 
  since medieval times , andorra is governed by the french head of state , the bishop of urgell ( which is in spain ) and then the head of government elected by andorran parliament . 
  well , i may have a theory on why eastern districts are usually the poorest in big european cities . 
  somebody once told me that it was because the wind in europe is usually from west to east and the air was really bad in eastern districts so the wealthy went west . 
  never heard that , where are you from ? 
  here it is shifoumi or pierre-papier-ciseaux or pierre-feuille-ciseaux, 
  i used to play for a small club in my region , our kids team used to play against the youth team of usap ( rugby union ) which is my favorite team . 
  edit : i did not talk about football clubs because the closest professional football club is either toulouse fc , barcelona , montpellier and marseille . 
  and they 're all at least 1h30 from my city . 
  according to the web , the most interesting and memorable event from france was when we surrendered to the nazis . 
  it was such a big event that it made everyone forget how proeminent our army was in europe between 18th and 20th century . 
  law says you ca n't sell alcohol/tobacco to anyone under 18 yo , but i 've been able to since i was 13 . 
  french people are discreet . 
  it 's like that , except maybe around the mediterranean . 
  no , it actually pretty much the same distance , but there 's a freeway to go to spain but there is no freeway to andorra . 
  it is actually cheaper there , but you have to drive for two hours and a half to go there and during winter the road is sometimes closed .
