  professional soldiers and volunteers , i imagine conscripts generally make pretty poor soldiers anyway . 
  oh i 'm not upset , just amazed that the same people said brexit would lead to financial instability are now the same people calling for northern ireland and scotland to break away from the union that is keeping their economies afloat . 
  if the eu was really as benevolent as these people think then the uk would n't have voted the way it did . 
  i know , the posts i see from you are this weird mix of why your homeland is shit and emigrating was great while also lamenting how horrible it is for ni in the uk and they are quite the barrage indeed , but like a certain someone whom i obviously totally adore , i remain unbarraged . 
  you ever gon na change your flair ? 
  i wonder if northern irish posters who left the continent years ago ever wonder how constantly bitching about the english makes them look, 
  everything will be solved by scottish independence , of course . 
  hmm , i always forget about the lop-sided devolution for labour strongholds ... 
  i want to love blair and his sexy social democratic transformation of the labour party so much but his approach to many things outside of britain were rather terrible . 
  just like how the uk is supposedly crippling poor scotland then i guess, 
  so would you be fine with the uk doing what it can to cripple scotland or northern ireland should they have a referendum and vote to leave ? 
  this could really use a `` show all questions '' button interestingly , wales will produce it 's own section if you click on it , but no other nations of the uk will . 
  very interesting read, 
  because newspaper owners want to sell papers/get clicks on their site . 
  nationalism is only okay if it 's scottish or european nationalism , got it 2 million scots voted to stay in the uk 1.6 million scots voted to stay in the eu to me , that shows more scots that feel british than feel european ( not that you need to choose one or the other anyway ), 
  cuz i 'm missing more than just your market, 
  animals , birds , personifications and colours are the only ones off the top of my head . 
  i looked into this a fair bit earlier this year when i was designing banknotes , the nations of the uk each have a national tree , i think many other countries do as well . 
  i actually think boris being foreign secretary is a house of cards esque move by may , as he 's her only real competitor to her position as pm it makes sense to put him in a job he could very easily fuck up by being boris and therefore ruin his chances of being leader of the party . 
  we all think he 's a dope , do n't worry . 
  funny that farage denouncing the european empire caused all this to happen though , denunciations can normally domino but never like this . 
  we went for our domination victory too early and made the old mistake of overbuilding the military when those american territories fell to barbarians , our unhappiness and unit maintenance skyrocketed . 
  it was also pretty stupid to put so much effort into spamming missionaries at the irish empire when we could have just bought inquisitors and called it a day . 
  going for a diplomatic victory now , managing to hold on to a fair few city states . 
  those st. patrick 's blue jeans * are * really comfy though ... 
  if there 's one thing we know how to do it 's get drunk . 
  funny you should mention guinness , there 's a tourist shop at piccadilly circus that sells guinness memorabilia , turns out we still steal your stuff ... 
  although we do camp in your attic , maybe we found it there . 
   pacifists having a big stick does n't mean you want to use it, 
  ireland far, 
  if britain did n't invade them the nazis would have to encircle the uk and strengthen their control of the north sea and north atlantic ocean . 
   `` your campaign was populist '' that 's not what i responded to , i responded to leave being `` a campaign based on emotions and nationalistic rhetoric '' , i think you 're misunderstanding what populism is because something being emotional and nationalistic does n't immediately make it populist . 
   this is you agreeing that leave has those qualities yes , i agree parts of the leave campaign were emotional and nationalist , but so were remain , both sides claimed they were increasing britain 's sovereignty and power . 
   you said leave are n't ignoring the half of the country that does n't want to leave we have a remain pm who is making efforts to get a uk wide consensus on the way forward , and let 's face it we both know that 's going to be eea membership or something very like it because may is n't suicidal . 
  interesting how you think remain voters are being ignored though because leave voters are n't being ignored , it is possible to get an outcome that can appeal to both sides . 
   now we can get on with saying it was just english people that voted to leave i mean , if you want to just outright lie then sure i guess . 
  ( inb4 : `` well leave lied so i guess i 'll do it too hurr durr '' )  scots and northern irish can get out maybe you should have a chat with the 38 % of scots and 44 % of northern irish who voted leave before pointing the finger at us , if it were n't for the apparently english nationalists in those countries we would n't even be having this conversation . 
  1 ) you do n't get to tell me what i have or have n't done . 
  you said leave 's campaign was based on emotions and nationalism , all i was said remain was hardly in short supply of those things , the first two words of the official campaign was `` britain stronger '' for crying out loud . 
  2 ) all i was saying that the qualities of leave you mentioned were n't exactly exclusive to leave , i 'm not interested in debating the decision , it 's already been made . 
   so where 's the second referendum ? 
  the referendum question was n't `` should britain remain a member of the european union , or leave the european union , btw do n't worry about voting if you want to remain because we 'll give you another go if you vote the wrong way '' i mean , i know repeating referendums is n't exactly uncommon for the eu , but we 've had our vote , and polls are showing that a minority of people want to go through all the referendum bullshit again and it 's not like the lib dems have rocketed to 50 % approval ratings , there is no mandate for a second referendum . 
  write to your mp if you want one . 
   a campaign based on emotions and nationalistic rhetoric because remain had none of this , none at all  the leave campaign seems to have no problem ignoring remain votes they 're not ignoring it , we have a pm who supported remain for christ 's sake . 
  acknowledging the result of the referendum is not the same as pretending only english people voted leave . 
   populist english political campaign are you just gon na put this in every comment you make about brexit ? 
  surely ignoring welsh , scottish and northern irish leave votes ( without which we 'd be staying in ) is getting a little tiring . 
  iscotland could complain all they want , it 's our flag to change and if we do n't want to we wo n't . 
  also if i 'm not mistaken the snp said the ruk flag would be an issue for ruk back in 2014 , so i ca n't see them caring much , there will be far bigger issues to deal with . 
  the uk could call itself the uk even if everyone but england leaves , it 's just a name . 
  the `` countries '' of the uk are n't kingdoms anyway , they 're part of one kingdom , the uk , the name is n't `` united kingdoms '', 
  i live in the 50 's , still getting used to this reddit lark . 
  corrected it to sovereign . 
   uk and its flag ceases to be as you know it the uk has more than two members , in fact the `` united kingdom '' part of the name did n't exist until ireland was added , so for as long as ni remains , we can * technically * continue using the name and be correct . 
  also the flag was originally designed for the union of the crowns of england and scotland , not the parliaments ( which came about a century later ) . 
  the current plan is to keep the monarchy shared if scotland leaves the uk so the crowns would remain united . 
  also , the name and flag is a globally recognised brand , we would gain nothing by changing it and it would cost a lot to do so . 
  the uk could completely disband and `` the united kingdom of england '' would probably still use the union jack occasionally as a symbol of pan-british identity . 
  so , while a lot of things would change in the event of scottish independence , the name and flag would almost certainly remain the same . 
  the uk is a ~ ~ unitary ~ ~ sovereign state , the eu is a socio-economic union that may or may not one day become a ~ ~ unitary ~ ~ sovereign state . 
  we may call it a union and call the parts countries due to a historical quirk , but the uk and the eu are n't really comparable . 
  edit : i 'm not good with words today . 
  genuine curiosity , why is saying `` no '' to the eu seen as some insane special snowflake insult to so many people ? 
  surely no member state should have something forced on it it does n't want . 
  also , if you 're part of them then surely things like schengen and the euro should be great things we 're missing out on by not being a part of , not some curse we 've escaped via british exceptionalism . 
  we 'd have got it if only we 'd triggered article 50 straight after the referendum and collapse of it 's government . 
  so our pm resigns despite saying he 'd stay on , we get a new one two months ahead of schedule who within one week is already visiting european leaders to lay the group work for article 50 negotiations and that * still * is n't fast enough for you ? 
  expecting us to trigger article 50 when we 're not prepared to unravel 40 years of political union is on the same intellectual level as expecting the uk to maintain single market membership without having free movement . 
   one can not sell the surplus of an estate that already belongs to the crown to the crown , can one ? 
  do n't see why not , every other state-owned company gives it 's profits to the crown , the crown estate just has a pointless historical quirk like loads of other things over here . 
  yes , so they belong to the crown , the entity that acts as an embodiment of the country in legal matters . 
  not the person wearing the crown . 
  i suppose it 's more of a misunderstanding [ `` it is owned by the monarch for the duration of their reign , by virtue of their accession to the throne . 
  ** but it is not the private property of the monarch - it can not be sold by the monarch , nor do revenues from it belong to the monarch '' ** ] ( http://www.thecrownestate.co.uk/our-business/faqs/#whoownsthecrownestate ) basically , lizzie owns it in the same way theresa may owns 10 downing street . 
  we 'll mention it , and then they 'll tell us it 's fearmongering . 
  i 'm quite concerned for their future , a lot of scottish nationalists seem to think `` wants to join '' is the only requirement for joining . 
  this is what we 're trying to tell them but they wo n't listen . 
  you can have scotland on the weekends and every other christmas, 
  haha , well spotted, 
  the tory leadership was officially for remain , only a few major figures in the party were for leave . 
  we wo n't know whether or not it was the right decision for about 30 years though , in my opinion . 
  i do n't disagree , but there are ones with such huge flaws ( his monarchy one mostly , it relies on the myth that liz owns the crown estate ), 
  it honestly amazes me how someone could get so famous with passable animation skills and information no deeper than what you get in a wikipedia article . 
  he even implied farage resigned in `` what should have been a moment of crowning glory '' , even the laziest observer can tell that this * was * farage 's moment of clowning glory . 
  honestly , i do n't think he wanted a majority , he just wanted enough seats to form another coalition with the lib dems , so he presented a vote winning promise knowing he 'd have to `` sacrifice '' it to the liberals when they renegotiated their coalition . 
  he 's probably the only prime minister to get the news that they 've won a majority and think `` oh fuck '', 
  the latter , it 's a single nation that calls its regions countries due to a historical quirk . 
  however , any part has the right to leave should a majority of it 's people feel they want do , maybe one day we 'll see an independent yorkshire or the glorious rebirth of mercia . 
   the former colonies are some of the richest countries in the world they grow up so fast ... 
  it was , from the start , completely clear that every vote would be equal . 
  the snp tried to make that rule you mentioned , but were quickly told that that would horrendously deflate the votes of the english , who make up about 87 % of the population . 
  they may not have been allowed in the eu , their current deficit is 3 times the amount the eu allows for new members . 
  the snp said that in their white paper , they can hardly act surprised now , and anyone with even the slightest hint of political awareness knew a referendum was a long time coming . 
  scotland voted to take decisions with the rest of the uk , the uk is taking the uk out because the uk voted to leave ( and the scottish leave voters helped that happen ) also , the argument was `` you may not be allowed in and will lose the uk 's opt outs '' which remains true . 
   its the english by choosing then trying to force brexit on the scots and northern irish yeah , fuck those evil english people thinking their vote should be equal to their fellow citizens . 
  i do n't think we 've been asked . 
  48 % of us who voted remain would probably be okay with the close ties and free movement of eea membership , and not everyone who voted leave did so to control immigration , i imagine eea membership would win at least 55 % of the vote if it went to one . 
   did you just disregard history as a source of knowledge ? 
  no , i 'm just saying `` it 's happened before so it * will * happen again '' is a flawed way of thinking . 
  i completely agree with your points , but the world will never be like it was in the post-war era .
