  scotland 's and ireland 's histories and positions within the uk are n't really that comparable . 
  charles , go for charles , we do n't hate him but a lot of us view him as a bit ... imperfect . 
  thankfully he 'll never be king as the queen is immortal . 
  our views of our politicians are different to yours , it 's funny to watch you guys be so surprised when it turns out they 're morons , we 've accepted that quality is a job requirement for the pm . 
  err , yeah , but i was replying to someone calling these words evidence of a `` united front '' against the english ( i assume they meant british ), 
   united front nothing like mocking the treatment of one of your partners to show unity . 
  this was a very charming thread , \u00a1 gracias !, 
  article about uk still contributing to eu projects : `` while they 're still in the eu they should pay their way '' article about the uk vetoing an eu project : `` how spiteful , they 're leaving so why do they care what we do ? '', 
  i love this sub . 
  parents and the public have been let down by both sides, 
  more of a 52/48 situation to be honest ... 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / #voteinvade, 
  naturally , and had the nazis not invaded the uk and german forces would have continued to wear each other down , making the soviet invasion mainland europe easier . 
   hitler wanted to stop that before it got worse that and lebensraum , also the prospect of a defeated ussr being enough to finally bring the uk to the negotiating table . 
  certainly , without the support from the us the ussr would have been more vulnerable to collapse as well, 
  the ussr would have attacked if germany did n't , their confrontation was inevitable, 
  oh jesus fucking christ the thought of corbyn negotiating our exit for us , we 'd be a russian vassal state within a week . 
  i 'm more entertained by the number of upvotes he keeps getting, 
  i 'm sure it 's better than our german , do n't worry about it , seems a little silly to focus on grammar in such a multi-lingual sub, 
  * thank you * it was quite something to see the uk go from `` special snowflake , why are they even in the eu if they do n't want to be involved ? '', 
  to `` how could those monsters abandon us like this ? '', 
  overnight . 
  oh i know , you 're a lovely bunch , we joke about it but none of us seriously think ireland hates us . 
  totally the same here , i do n't think i 've ever met a white brit who does n't have an irish grandparent . 
  thankfully we just love you guys , but we do n't have the whole `` centuries of being oppressed '' thing to deal with so you 're just our familiar neighbours with sexy accents to us, 
  interesting to hear you use the sibling comparason , i 've always got the feeling we always kinda view you lot as younger brothers ( albeit ones we used to treat like shit and feel horrible about when it 's brought up at family gatherings ) economically it makes sense , but it 's strange to think we have much of an influence on social issues like homosexuality though . 
  do catholic voters really care what britain does ? 
  i 'd have imagined only your protestant minority would be likely to care . 
  large gap between being hostile and being friendly , from what i 've gathered boris and may have spoken a bit about moving towards cautious neutrality with russia , but no concrete friendship . 
  i know , but we 're basically reunning the 80 's so we may as well follow the script, 
  slightly , but there is a liberal/authoritarian split between them and they were still viewed as the moderates inbetween the two parties during the new labour era, 
  i 'd rather see a labour splitters-lib dem alliance/merger than the mps joining a politically toxic brand, 
  the labour leader is elected by labour party members , a vast minority of us elected him . 
  but yeah , labour have a weird habit of electing someone even further left when they lose for being seen as too left wing . 
  his mps hate him , but he refuses to step down despite the damage he is clearly doing . 
  no we do n't and cobyn is going to get absolutely destroyed in the next election, 
   40 % of british people are of irish descent we ca n't resist the accent, 
  * ricky spanish *, 
  maybe not , she could have got divorced and gone back to her maiden name . 
  if europeans competed as one and were allowed to enter 28 times the athletes as other nations , yes , we 'd probably do rather well, 
  * sigh * yes , the prospect of an eu army was used as a reason to vote leave in order to avoid the eu integration that could follow a remain vote . 
  this is because not only are there good arguments against an eu army , but it would be very likely that france and britain would be making the largest contributions to such an army . 
  but that was n't my point , my point was this sub has been loving saying `` the uk believes this '' whenever they want to discredit something that goes against european integration or in many cases their own opinion . 
  this was a huge decision with uncountable factors and reasons for votes so assuming everyone believes what the media or either of the campaigns told them is just foolish . 
  the uk is the current anti-integration paranoid strawman right now , not much point taking it personally or arguing against the sub on it , they wo n't listen . 
  the british are responsible for the irish potato famine , not just the english . 
  perhaps i was wrong to include ni in my original point , due to ireland 's history of basically being a colony even when it was formally added to the uk . 
  not that something that happened 150 years ago instantly destroys the legitimacy of a country , especially when you consider that most of the areas affected have since declared independence . 
  so you 're using the irish potato famine to try to pretend the uk is n't a country . 
  and you called me a populist ... 
  hang on , we were talking about england and scotland 's relationship and you 've brought the irish potato famine into it , how is that relevant ? 
  are you referring to the highland potato famine ? 
  that 's the only one in scotland i know of , i 'm not entirely sure how europe 's potato crops failing is england 's fault ... 
  pegging the theoretical scottish pound to the british one is one option , but it makes scotland 's currency heavily influenced by ruk . 
  although it is the most likely option , given the expense of starting a new currency and how long it would take them to meet the requirements for the euro . 
  last time we ignored a nation repeatedly voting for an nationalist party things got pretty explosive, 
  that 's never going to happen in westminster though , you 'd just be making the scots feel oppressed and disrespected, 
  how would you answer the question of independence ? 
  would you accept that for a scottish indyref ? 
   may explicitly said she would not let the scottish vote on independence ? 
  she * has * to say this to try and create an impression of stability . 
  maybe the scots should actually ask before assuming the union they voted to stay in 2 years ago is tyrannical . 
  it 's ironic that many yes voters do not accept the same arguments for the uk leaving the eu they themselves used for scotland to leave the uk . 
  ah well if some guy on reddit says it then i guess the vast majority of country-like features the uk has means nothing, 
  i do n't recall empires being big on devolution and democracy how evil england is , treating scottish votes with the same value as english ones i literally just explained to you why `` england is dragging poor scotland out of the eu '' is n't entirely correct, 
  like it wo n't be a federal state by that point although it 's hardly comparable as the uk was a unitary state from the start , if it ever acted like the eu then the `` each member is a different country '' thing would have some merit, 
  sure we are mate , that 's why we 've shared pretty much everything for 300 years also , `` scotland bankrupting itself and england wanting to close it 's only land invasion route '' is n't the weirdest of reasons . 
  let 's not pretend it 's some evil empire thing though , it 's down to england having the largest population by far  it is the english dragging the scottish out of the eu against their will would n't be happening without scottish and northern irish leave voters, 
   if they want to stay in the eu then they should leave the union , either by vote agreed  or unilaterally by westminster decree not entirely sure i 'd be happy with westminster kicking scotland out, 
  really winds me up when people refer to the uk as a union scotland , england , wales and northern ireland may culturally be nations , but let 's face it , we 're a country that calls our regions countries due to a historical quirk . 
  so the uk must continue to remain responsible for scotland 's economy while watching the majority of it 's business move up to a heavily secessionist part and also introducing border controls and increasing divisions of law between its own citizens ? 
  no thanks . 
  if scotland wants to be in the eu , then i completely understand that , but they must do so on their own . 
   controlled by the british ftfy edinburgh ca n't have her cake and eat it , if it wants to be sovereign then it must end the union , it ca n't keep the eu membership the uk voted against while keeping the economic protection of the uk . 
  part of being in a country means that sometimes you 'll be outvoted , the scots knew this when they voted to stay in the uk, 
  it 's really not open to interpretation , the eu has been quite clear that they wo n't have a member who is controlled by a non-member , so no region of the uk will be remaining in the eu . 
  scotland would have to become independent in order to negotiate with the eu . 
  scottish notes have a different design to english/welsh ones ( as do northern irish ones ) but they 're accepted as money and are of the same currency . 
  they 'd likely have to create a scottish pound until they 're able to enter the eurozone though , who knows how they 'll pay for that ... 
  no , it 's the uk that is leaving . 
  the uk is n't in the eu as 4 members , it 's in as one , it 's been said many times that scotland would need to become independent then begin the application process . 
  why ? 
  and then if it was 66 % for leave then it should have only counted if every nation voted leave , then if every nation voted leave it should have only counted if 16 year olds could vote , and so on and so forth, 
   but there 's not much we can do about it well , there are a fair few of you who are saying our country is full of idiots and are hoping it falls into economic ruin and then splits up , the sub could stop upvoting those kind of comments . 
  it has been dying down a bit though , which is nice, 
  everyone is talking about nations leaving and we 're gon na pull a fast one and gain an extra one instead ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / #voteinvade, 
  yeah , but not all of them would have and that would n't happen if we ever decided to complete the trilogy, 
  it will !, 
  the weather will suddenly improve , there will be free bulldog in every home and fish and chips to rain from the skies , any minute now ... emotion-led desires for greater independence , control and sovereignty at the expense of stability , trade and international relations are the best/worst thing in the world, 
  with the homeland under direct threat i imagine very few people would desert it . 
  i never said i would n't volunteer . 
  you 'd be surprised how many people would when faced with imminent invasion , especially given the number on non-combat roles . 
  `` those darn scots wanting independence '' implies the scots want independence a bit , do n't you think ? 
  i was `` whining '' ( read : joking ) about how independence as a cure for everything is constantly shoehorned into any conversation about scotland 's problems by this sub . 
  if the scots want to go it alone , best of luck to them ( and unfortunately they 'll need it ) . 
  i ca n't wait for the second referendum so we can hopefully put this issue to bed for a while , although knowing my luck the polls will remain in support for the uk or 50/50 and sturgeon will never call it . 
  last time we checked the scots did n't want independence , but i know you 've decided it 's inevitable so i 'm not gon na bother arguing . 
  i did n't complain about being called out , just admired your lovely glass house pretty sure i just fixed a spelling mistake ( it 's quite late in europe right now ) , i may have changed a phrase or two , but feel free to enlighten me in anything completely damming i 've desperately hidden . 
  i do n't remember telling you do anything , just asking if you were gon na . 
  guess keeping the tricolour gives your ramblings about the english some context at least , even if it does make you look like a stereotype .
