  i would advise against taking the word of our press as gospel though , and * especially * not our tabloids . 
  for what it 's worth i have never met a brit who holds prejudice towards germans , sure some dislike the german government , but not the german people . 
  if you want to punish a state for leaving then that is your decision i just feel it will backfire on you and only increase dislike for the eu in other countries , when we 've recovered from your punishment the resentment will long remain . 
  if the eu plays the ball a bit too hard euroskeptics in the eu will have a very clear thing to point to and say the eu is morally bankrupt that cares only about it 's own elite and all that other stuff that has been repeated here for years . 
  whether it is , was or will be true or false is up for debate , but it has been successful here , the eu would be wise to stop it from being successful in other areas . 
  this was a referendum , how was it not a democratic decision ? 
  of course i can , the two are hardly comparable . 
  however , are you not concerned by the rhetoric displayed in the comment i replied to ? 
  being punished for disagreeing or democratically deciding to leave does n't seem like the eu the remain campaign were trying to promote . 
  if the states are kept together by fear then is it really a positive union ? 
  ah , i was confused on the meaning of unilateral , it 's sometimes used to describe a hostile and uncooperative withdrawal so i thought you meant it in that sense , my apologies . 
  the world exists outside of reddit . 
  that flag is for all europeans , the eu is not europe . 
  also , part of me doubts the mods are going to start scanning ip addresses to block brits using the flag that will continue to represent them as europeans . 
  this decision is n't entirely unilateral , it 's not like we 've instantly cancelled all eu treaties and exported all eu citizens , we have two years to negotiate this , yes it 's not ideal but we 're not going to try and harm you . 
  and some people are still pretending that calling leave voters racist is n't part of what lost this referendum, 
   the common market we 're generally fine with this , we just do n't like the ...  free movement . 
  ... which , yes , will be a bitter pill to swallow for many leave voters , but we must avoid tyanny of the majority , i know many leave voters who voted for reasons other than immigration and remain voters do n't seem to have a problem with it , so eea is the fairest compromise between the two sides as well the economically correct choice . 
  we should also remember that eea membership allows free movement but not instant citizenship to eu-citizens , which will calm a lot of the leave campaign 's concerns about immigration affecting working class communities , as it will be harder for low-wage eu citizens to move here as they wo n't have access to the same government support offered to citizens . 
   but seeing as they still introduce all the laws they only introduce the laws relating to eu exports , not comparable to being a full eu member  its more of a pr thing full control over fishing waters and trade deals is more than pr, 
  if it 's that terrible why have n't norway or iceland joined the eu ? 
  are you seriously suggesting the uk and irish governments wo n't be able to work together to maintain the gfa ? 
  also , we 're likely remaining in the eea anyway , so none of this matters . 
   firmly 52 % , and no one on the leave campaign endorsed being hostile against europe  treating you as an outsider do you fantasise about every other country having large areas leave and being locked in a permanent recession ? 
   how can we not see this as the british people being `` against '' us ? 
  almost everyone on the leave campaign accepted that europe are and would ideally remain our close friends . 
  as this post says , the vote was close , and only a minority of people who voted leave hold a grudge against europeans . 
  well , at least you 're honest . 
  ironic how the eu was started due to imperial ambitions tearing europe to shreds , and now there are people inside it who want to see it act as an empire that undermines and absorbs its neighbours . 
  i voted leave . 
  i love europeans , but i understand a lot of them do n't like us , the excitement over our economy and country falling apart is just depressing . 
  the worst thing is , i 'm not really that surprised , those on the pro-eu side of the continent have quite a `` you 're with us or against us '' mentality . 
  yes , but he was also very adamant about the uk having no part in it . 
  yep , the remainers dismissed so many working class concerns as either non-existent or a cause of their ignorance or racism , in the same way a lot of our politicians and media have for most of this century . 
  i thought when the chickens came home to roost the people who voted remain would realise they ca n't patronise or insult others into agreeing with you , apparently not , the rhetoric has only grown more bitter as people have decided this vote is the result of the ignorance and prejudice of the undereducated ( read : poor ), 
  if they want to go that way and you want to start propping up their economies instead then be our guest . 
  that 's democracy , we 'd have no right to complain . 
  but it 's interesting to see how many pro-eu people are rubbing their hands hoping a country falls apart so the eu can re-acquire land and control . 
  it 's a rather ... imperial , way of looking that things . 
  you can use it forever . 
  the eu may use it , but it 's not theirs , the flag is older than the eu and represents the entire continent , not just the parts in the eu . 
  edit : is this place just downvoting brits ? 
  i 'm honestly curious , what was it that i said that was incorrect or irrelevant ? 
  maybe , but everyone saying the union is dead is discounting the scottish remain voters who are unionists, 
  it is right now , but i remember reading that if britain leaves it 'll be second after the us , that could have changed though . 
   the eu which is the largest economy not without us it is n't . 
   remaining in the eea would change nothing about immigration and regulations . 
  eea members can `` discriminate against '' europeans when it comes to certain benefits and eea members follow fewer regulations and pay lower membership fees . 
  all cameron has to do is say `` the uk will leave the eu but i will take every step necessary to protect our economy blahblahblah '' . 
  i 'd be perfectly happy with being in the eea and think the vote is close enough to justify that , although you 're right , it is a risk . 
  could have all been avoided if our government were willing to even discuss what they 'd do in the event of this , but they 've made us vote without knowing what would happen , and it backfired on them . 
  not in the short term , of course there will be arguments and anger , in the same way if scotland voted yes , but ultimately in the end we will work things out . 
  but this vote is n't about the next 5 years , it 's about the next 50 , and i think in 2066 the uk will be happier outside of the eu ( or maybe just in the eea ) and the eu will be happier without a major block to integration . 
  yep , maybe that union has run its course as well . 
  although 1 of every 3 scots voted leave , so unless half of scottish remain voters feel the eu is worth leaving the uk for scottish independence is not guaranteed . 
  well , probably not with that attitude ... 
  i voted leave . 
  but i 'd certainly call myself a europhile , this is n't a vote against european people , just the european project , i hope that this move will improve our relationship and we can be a friendly neighbour rather than a grumpy housemate . 
  i understand this may hurt for many people on both sides of the channel , but i think it may be the best thing for all of us . 
  hmm , well i imagine the irish ( and probably some scottish and welsh ) would be more likely to shorten it to the celtic isles , so long as we agree on the proper name of anglo-celtic we could each have our own shortening of it then again that could only serve to further deepen the divides within the uk , maybe it 's best to just stick with britain and ireland, 
  anglo-celtic has a lovely ring to it, 
  the isle of mann-ers will bitch and kick us with their extra legs . 
  y' know it sounds stupid , but i think that 's actually a part of it . 
  i feel like a lot of the eu resents us for opting out of things like the euro and schengen and constantly arguing against integration . 
  part of my reason for wanting to leave is that i simply do n't think the eu really wants us , i 'd rather us be a friendly neighbour than a grumpy housemate . 
  we really need to pick a name for these islands and stick with it , both uk and roi governments advise against the use of `` british isles '' atlantic archipelago ? 
  britire islands ? 
  hi caroline , while of course you support remain , what do you think is the most convincing argument in favour of leaving the eu ? 
  ** edit : ** boo, 
  two-tier eu is the best solution , but i doubt it will really come about , i share your feelings , it 's one of the reasons why i 'll be voting leave . 
  island mentality , we do n't feel as european as you do , this goes back hundreds of years and is not something easily forgotten . 
  therefore we have differing views for the eu , continental countries are generally on board with `` ever closer union '' , when we entered our people were told it was just a trade deal and want no part in further integration . 
  we have `` special status '' because we opted out of a few things like the euro and schengen and negotiated some other things from our position as one of the net contributors . 
  wow , an eu supporter who ca n't take a joke , i 'm shocked i tell you , * shocked *, 
  let 's just start our own eu , you guys see if you can get sweden to come , we 'll give the shetlands to norway and rockall to iceland to try and get them on side . 
  tea and viking longboats for all . 
   the tuition thing is due to all eu citizens except english , welsh or northern irish students in scotland ... 
  nah , that 's scotland, 
  you 'd be pissed too if someone said `` thanks for letting us stay at yours while germany smashed our place up , now we 're going to have a party and you guys ca n't come '', 
  suppose it 's a side effect from the peaceful-but-still-hostile merger of england and scotland , neither conquest nor complete assimilation meant that both countries held on to their own identities even as they merged into one . 
  the welsh and especially scottish take the constituent country thing a bit more seriously than the english , for fairly obvious reasons . 
  hilariously , many brits will then turn around a call northern ireland a province rather than a country like the other three , it 's madness . 
  with that being said i do identify as english , but it 's silly to pretend it 's a real country in the way somewhere like germany or finland is . 
  i view it as us being * culturally * 4 incredibly similar countries , but politically , legally , and actually one . 
  apparently not okay for pensioners who contribute to an economy without taking a job . 
  terrible graphic design conception graphique horrible, 
   there is also a complete lack of counterbalance to the overwhelming dominance of the interests of england vs. the rest of the country wales , scotland and northern ireland receive the highest per capita funding from westminster of all uk regions and have their own devolved parliaments , i do n't think it 's fair to say they 're overlooked or undermined , england makes up 84 % of the uk 's population , of course england will hold the most influence if you look at it as a union of four countries ( which , let 's face it , it is n't , it 's a single country that groups some of it 's areas together and calls them countries due to a historical quirk ) the problem comes from having one country be so much larger than the others and there is n't really an solution . 
  an english parliament would undermine the devolved and even uk government , but i doubt carving england up into regional parliaments would be very popular . 
  i really do n't think we have the balls yet , the problem simply is n't big enough to the non-muslim majority right now so any steps to end or even moderate this kind of activity is attacked as racist . 
  well , we can hope :p it will be fairly easy for the pm to deny a request so soon after the last one , especially when the snp did n't put a second referendum in their manifesto and the country will be busy negotiating its exit . 
  i imagine 2022 will be the earliest date for indyref2, 
  they can try , but the yes side would have to argue to start a new country with a giant low-oil-price shaped hole in their finances to join the eu without any of the uk 's current opt outs . 
   occupies and there i was thinking they had their own parliament and a very clear agreement that they would be allowed to leave the uk if the people voted for it, 
   that would either force them to fall back into line or gtfo . 
  and just yesterday i told someone they were being hyperbolic when they called the eu an empire, 
  when people say this i assume they mean us not being in schengen or the euro as that seems to be the biggest areas in which we are `` outside '' the eu while still being in . 
  and if that is what they mean then it shows a very concerning attitude towards integration , that a country not signing up to whatever the eu wants to do is somehow exceptionalism on the part of that country . 
  there was a uk-wide party , but in 1990 the northern irish and scottish branches amicably split to form their own parties , with the uk one focusing on just england and wales . 
  there is a semi-autonomous welsh branch within lucas ' party , in a similar way that the labour , conservative and liberal democrat parties all have semi-autonomous branches for wales and scotland . 
  i find it rather disturbing how often i see contempt for opposition in a democracy when discussing the eu , it feels like `` fine britain can stay if they shut up and keep paying for whatever we want to do '',
