well , fair enough . 
  personally , i like power to held closer to the people they represent , i think it 's better that differences big enough to cause division are out in the open rather than festering within a single state and for a government to be easier to remove by the people . 
  i certainly understand how continental or global government could look like a utopia though . 
  it entirely depends really . 
  the us is fine because it has been a single state ( and more importantly , a strong one ) for a very long time . 
  the eu ties vastly different countries together , weaker ones are harder to subjugate whereas the stronger ones can have their strength hindered , this would come into play when discussing a federal europe , the strength of which would depend on many variants and in some areas some of the member states would be weaker than they are in the union . 
  if federalists want their idea to catch on , they 're going to need a better argument than `` bigger is better '', 
  your country has n't followed the words of the founding fathers for a long time . 
   who gives a crap about netherlands ? 
  why do you care ? 
  ( let 's pretend i 'm dutch ) same reason why i care about my house , my street , my city , my region , my country , my continent , my planet . 
  because i was born here , i live here , and so do my family and friends . 
  why is this hard for some to understand ? 
  it 's odd to see people say caring about your country is stupid when they 're doing exactly the same thing for the undefined borders of europe, 
   it has proven to be unable to resist murdering its neighbors pretty rich coming from a yank ... 
  not saying this to be aggressive , just letting you know that in english it 's spelt `` coy '' `` koi '' is a type of fish , they are pronounced the same though so it 's an easy mistake, 
  certainly , but the thought of the monarchy being damaged and some countries rejecting him is a nicer one than charles ' smug face all over our banknotes . 
  til , thanks . 
  always assumed you guys just picked the easiest option like the rest of us . 
  but then again we have n't had a new monarch in bloody ages , who knows what might happen this time . 
  parliament decides pretty much everything with the monarchy . 
  i remember just before prince george was born the rules of who was heir were made equal among the sexes , did canada , australia , new zealand and everywhere else that has the same queen do the same ? 
  because if now and if george was a girl ( or his first born is ) , britain would take the daughter as monarch while the countries would take the eldest song , that 's one way it could diverge now ( although i highly doubt the other countries would retain the male-preferential rules ) alternatively , canada could just decide they want prince harry to be their next monarch , or have a canadian citizen be head of state , honestly what is charles gon na do about it if a country does n't want him to be king ? 
  honestly i blame the snp for trying to set scotland 's economy up on the back of such a temperamental thing as oil , it 's not like they had many other options but if i recall correctly , there were many professional advisers that said the oil price would n't last , or ever reach such heights again . 
  it 's a bit more than a case of one side being optimistic and the other not . 
  hence the comparisons to brexiters , i 'll be voting to leave but i completely agree that it 's rather foolish to think there wo n't be short term economic damage . 
  scotland 's income vs expense numbers are * very * dependent on oil , you 're right that in 2014 oil prices were at an all time high and scotland was a net contributing region of the uk , and that was used as an argument of why scotland would thrive outside of the uk . 
  however that argument turned out to be bullshit , did n't it ? 
  the oil price has plummeted even lower than the better together campaign said it would , the scottish people would be facing levels of austerity that would make george osborne wince in order to keep their economy afloat had they decided to pursue independence . 
  and that 's before you even consider the impossibility of both a currency union defaulting on their share of the debt and the effects those realities would have . 
   jeremy corbyn , the next prime minister ayy lmao, 
  interesting , thanks, 
  it feels very nice to hear an irish person say that ( although the welsh and scots are also brits , but i assume you meant english ), 
  that and the fact that labour now has a cabinet with some very serious ira links . 
  labour can complain about being twisted by the media all they want , but if they want to win an election they need to re-learn how to play the game . 
  yes , but if she ever used it it would be the end of the monarchy . 
  kinda , but not shared with 27 other countries . 
  for me it 's about the power of an overseeer , i do n't know much about ireland 's system but i would like the uk to have something to stop parliament , we have the lords but they can only prevent bills , not veto them . 
  technically the queen has this power , but it would be suicide for her to use it . 
  more tea for us then , i think you 're underestimating our consummation capabilities and god knows england needs some better weed and better looking people . 
  are you referring to the tea , weed and beautiful people in viking helmets ? 
  because everyone will want to buy some of that shit . 
  one of the reasons the pm won the last election was because the other guy looked a bit weird eating a bacon sandwich . 
  rule britannia . 
  you 're not invited until you 're able to take a joke that implies the eu is n't the best thing since sliced heroin . 
  you 're ready for a job in labour 's pr department . 
  * `` we 're not traitors !, 
  we want to rebuild the empire !, 
  but it sounds really , * really * cool . 
  there 's another problem : most of these countries are in the eu and there is no real support for eu2 , electric boogaloo in any of them . 
  alternatively , guess it 's time for ww3 so you can get that sweet sweet ~ ~ lebensraum ~ ~ trading space . 
  no , it 's about unskilled people moving to britain . 
  an unskilled belgian person has little incentive to come here because the opportunities we offer are n't much different to belgium 's . 
  someone from a country with a much lower minimum wage has a great incentive to move here and make some money . 
  you ca n't blame them for that , if portugal 's minimum wage was $ 20 an hour loads of people from western europe would flock there . 
  the unfortunately reality is that there are only so many opportunities , and the more people that go for them , the harder they are to get . 
  an unskilled western european would n't be more welcome than an unskilled eastern european , or an unskilled asian , african or american for that matter . 
  of course we 'll all vote not knowing that though , naturally, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ ^ ^ worry , ^ ^ ^ ^ we ^ ^ ^ ^ wo n't ^ ^ ^ ^ tell ^ ^ ^ ^ anyone ^ ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ ^ do, 
  yep i separated them as they 're not part of the uk or ireland, 
  i 'd imagine that i misspoke and you 're entirely right . 
   losing it i know it can come across as us acting like we can claim you , that 's genuinely not how it 's meant , it 's that many of us would find the average irish person as familiar as we 'd view the average brit . 
  you would have a hard time finding a white british person who does n't have an irish relative and has n't had irish culture be a part of their upbringing in the tiniest way . 
  i know that due to our history and british history education/ignorance it 's not felt as strongly on your side , that 's understood , but we bloody love you guys . 
  apparently for the swiss it acts as a door to the eu market , some people here have endorsed rejoining it because of that, 
  exactly . 
  that 's the argument against the current eu system , our economies are currently too imbalanced so the result is huge amounts of working class immigration that only makes life harder for the native poor . 
  there 's a reason why euroskepticism was a fringe view until about 10 years ago . 
  i had to google it , but it turns out it 's still around . 
  even switzerland is a founding and continuing member . 
  we can not limit immigration from the eu . 
  schengen refers to borderless movement , not immigration . 
  i 'm a brexiter , but a a dutch-british-scandinavian trade bloc is basically my wet dream , hell , i 'd probably even be able to get on board with free movement . 
  tea , weed and beautiful people in viking helmets for all, 
  of course the legal `` not foreigner '' rule , but i 'd say our shared culture and ahem ... mixed , history is what makes us so familiar . 
  to be honest the french are cousins to me ( assuming you take the uk as one entity ) i 'd view the irish as our brothers ^ ^ younger ^ ^ ones ^ ^ that ^ ^ we ^ ^ used ^ ^ to ^ ^ bully ^ ^ and ^ ^ now ^ ^ feel ^ ^ awkward ^ ^ about even if you break up the uk , to me it 's the welsh , scottish , northern irish , manx , irish grouped together and then the rest of the world in varying degrees of familiarity . 
  exactly , hence the influence you can have on our voters , one of the few people who seems interested in how i 'll be voting is irish ( guess which way he is voting ) i do wish we could vote for your president , must be nice to be able to vote for a head of state ... 
  / r/unitedkingdom is pro-remain / r/ukpolitics is pro-leave / r/britishpolitics seems a bit more centrist , but that 's probably because it 's tiny, 
  i can certainly see that , i think a lot of people here do n't even view the irish as foreigners and the possible complication of our relationship is n't something many british people have considered . 
  it 's not really about preserving our culture , honestly we have a few inter-cultural problems and i would n't blame them on eu immigration . 
  it 's more an issue of greater self-determination and immigration controls . 
  we 'll make our own , north-european union let 's try something neu, 
  well , that 's a question for them to answer and one that i ca n't see leaving scottish politics while the snp is still a serious force . 
  the british attitude seems to be `` okay our ancestors royally fucked this place up so let 's pour money into it and hope someone can figure something out '', 
  oh i was talking about the uk-eu divorce there . 
  wales and northern ireland seem a bit used to scotland saying she 's leaving england and shacking up with france , we all know what that northern lass is like when she 's been on the whiskey ... 
  undeniably , it 's why yes lost in 2014 , they simply did n't have a credible economic plan . 
  scotland leaving a post-brexit uk is possible , but would require the uk to encounter a huge amount of economic trouble while the eu stayed generally stable . 
  although there would of course still be the questions of culture , security , and what scottish eu membership would look like , if it would even be possible . 
  they 'll be a definite short-term drop , divorce is never cheap though . 
  well , yes , greater sovereignty is certainly an argument for independence ( it 's also one for leaving the eu ) . 
  but westminster only becomes another territory when scotland leaves , they send mps to london , the capital city of their country , the uk . 
  i know that sounds like i 'm just baiting nationalists but the scottish people have decided they want to remain as part of this country , so there is no legal reason why the various parts of the uk should be considered foreign to a uk citizen . 
  heh , i 'll give you the one about the notes , but honestly i 'd find my currency collapsing a bit more worrying than having to explain something to the odd ignorant welsh or english retail worker . 
  just saying that 's probably why you got downvoted , it 's not like scotland is a colony , if anything they have preferential treatment when you consider their level of devolution and funding per capita being higher than any other country . 
   as a student at cambridge university that does n't strengthen your opinions in the way you think it does . 
  no deal , the snp just say that would be grounds for another referendum . 
  honestly though , say we leave with scotland voting remain and they get a second independence referendum . 
  the biggest argument in favour was retaining the unique position the uk holds within the eu , do n't all new countries have to join the euro and schengen ? 
  that would be saying to scots `` we now have a greater control over our laws and industry , let 's increase that by leaving the uk then handing them away again to the eu in exchange for adopting an unstable currency we ca n't control and border controls with england '' i ca n't speak for them , but i really do n't think being in the eu by any means necessary is really * that * important to the scots .
