   it 's worth mentioning that even ukip did n't want to scrap farmer subsidies but to replace them with a uk version , more in tune with the needs of uk farms . 
  this was really just a vague promise though and ukip are n't in government ( and not likely to be with only 1 out of 650 mps ) . 
  farmers have historically been a core vote of the tories , but subsidies of any kind seem antithetical to the economic views of tory mps . 
  andrea leadsom herself said in 2007 that , '' [ [ farming ] subsidies must be abolished ] ( http://www.andrealeadsom.com/working-for-you/andrea%27s-blog/does-britain-need-its-own-farming-industry/64 ) '' . 
  during the brexit debate , she suggested subsidies would only be maintained in the short term :  on voting to leave the eu , the uk government will absolutely continue in the short term to provide those subsidies whilst we think about what makes sense . 
  even a small change has an impact - reform does n't need to cause sweeping radical change for it to be effective , and it 's hard to estimate how voting attitudes ( and election campaigns ) would change over time . 
  ( i realise you 're just replying to the person 's assertion about massive changes , though ) . 
  also these kinds of polls are limited ; this one only asked an average of 60 people per constituency , so it 's hard to see how results can be extrapolated from that . 
  ( for example , i remember sinn fein winning a seat in a constituency where irish nationalists were a clear minority because the unionist vote was split between dup and uup ) . 
  [ a study of the previous election ] ( http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/politicsandpolicy/if-the-alternative-vote-had-been-in-use-at-the-2010-general-election-the-liberal-democrats-would-have-won-32-more-seats-and-a-labour-liberal-democrat-coalition-would-also-have-had-a-commons-majority/ ) found that the lib dems might have had 89 instead of 57 seats . 
  it 's not that cut and dry . 
  saddam was responsible for far , far more deaths than isis/aqi have been over the last ten years ( though he had an entire state apparatus and decades more time to do it over ) . 
  people point to incidents like the halabja chemical attack ( several thousands deaths ) as an example of saddam 's brutality , without realising that was just [ one incident in a genocide that wiped out up to 100,000 civilians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/al-anfal_campaign ) , and it resulted from only one year of his rule . 
  this is incredibly tame by daily express standards . 
  just spend 5 minutes on their website . 
   it 's the uneducated syrians who are gathering at calais by the thousands that scare them . 
  i 'm not saying i agree with brexit , but you ca n't say that these people have it out for german anesthesists . 
   it does n't matter that they are not eu citizens . 
  they are in the eu and because of that nothing is stopping them from traveling everywhere they please to register for asylum in that country . 
  never ceases to amaze me how people on this sub find a way to blame syrian refugees at every opportunity : britain and ireland have passport controls on people who fly here ( they are not part of schengen ) ; non-europeans can not travel here unless they have a visa/waiver or they do so on the back of a lorry . 
  leaving the eu does not change that ; syrians will still face passport controls . 
  brexit may actually even make it even harder for the uk to prevent migrants getting in :  calls are growing in france to unilaterally `` terminate '' border controls of migrants in calais and shift them to britain in the wake of its vote to leave the european union . 
   news of the result has spread through calais ' notorious `` jungle '' camp , where the number of migrants has swollen to around 5,000 - many of whom believe britain 's `` independence '' from the eu may paradoxically make it easier for them to reach the uk . 
  for travel , yes , but for work/education it 'll be subject to new treaties same as the rest of the eu once the uk completes its exit . 
   the country will lose international signficance - right , because suddenly the fifth biggest economy in the world will suddenly collapse , along with their top-notch military , diplomatic involvement and especially the commonwealth of nations . 
  the uk is giving up its seat on the european council . 
  in recent years , the eu has become one of the `` big three '' in major international treaties and negotiations because it 's the joint-largest economy in the world and eu policy decisions have a major impact on world trade , peace negotiations etc. 
  but now the uk will lose its voting rights in the council and the eu parliament and thus its ability to influence the eu . 
  previously , if germany decided to pull one way on a certain issue , the uk & france ( particularly under sarkozy and blair ) could pull the other way . 
  incidentally , this is one of the main reasons that most senior republican ( not counting the extremist presidential candidates ) and democrat politicians in america are concerned about the uk leaving the eu because their main ally wont counterbalance policies that they do n't like . 
  i think the idea that av does n't change electoral results is n't necessarily correct tbh . 
  yes , it has a limited effect when you apply it to * historical elections * , but that 's because av enables new voting choices and behaviour that did n't exist in those elections . 
  with fptp you only need a plurality of votes to win a constituency , which could be as low as 34 % of the electora if there are two other candidates with similar support . 
  but in the same scenario with av , a candidate needs to be the preferred candidate of over 50 % to win . 
  also with av people are freer to vote for a 3rd party candidate that they * truly * prefer because it gives them the safety of knowing that they 're not wasting a vote . 
  this can impact subsequent elections because smaller parties can grow first preference votes over time , even if they do n't win . 
  ( i.e. 
  : `` 15 % of people voted for that party last time , maybe voting for them wont be a waste in the next election '' ) . 
  -- do n't get me wrong , av is significantly worse than stv and not much more proportional than fptp , but it makes politicians seek support from a wider majority of the electorate rather than focusing on their base ( i.e. 
  courting the votes of more than 50 % of voters rather than focusing on the 34 % in the above example ) . 
  i think pr-stv ( what we have in ireland ) would go down well in the uk . 
  it 's the same as stv except that constituencies elect multiple mps instead of one , which results in much more proportionality . 
  a 4 seat constituency might return : - 2 tory mps , 1 labour , 1 green - 3 labour , 1 ukip etc. 
  so if there 's a clear left-right divide in a constiuency and 51 % of people prefer a tory vote , the 49 % of left-leaning voters still get represented by an mp instead of wasting their vote . 
  yep . 
  if you try to silence extremists ( either by restricting speech or political representation ) , you give up the ability to debate and defeat their ideas -- eventually there will be a populist backlash . 
  i think part of what / u/tomarse is getting at is also that people are n't fully aware of which labour or conservative party they 're getting during an election . 
  people voted for a david cameron tory party in the last election , but this referendum has handed control over to the extremist wing of the party . 
  labour voters rebelled against the party for being too centrist and ignoring working class voters , but now the referendum might hand the party back over to blairites . 
  yes i do n't see any countries anywhere closer to leaving , apart from greece . 
  liverpool can come join us !, 
  incidentally , it 's the [ only part of britain that has ever elected an irish nationalist mp ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/t._p._o%27connor ) and it voted remain ... 
  i 'm seeing americans all over reddit saying things like `` it begins , netherlands , austria , finland , poland are leaving the bloated corpse of the eu next !!! '', 
  it 's definitely in his advantage to start the discussion now though so he can set the agenda . 
  star trek : tng actually predicted irish reunification in 2024 . 
  the sheep in wales are fucked ( in more ways than one ) . 
  welsh farmers get lucrative eu subsidies which will disappear . 
  subsidies for farmers in new eu countries were set to increase anyway . 
  just take the isle of man and cornwall with you . 
  maybe liverpool could become a principality , too . 
  it 'll be like the south of france , sure, 
  prince charles no more , finally he will become king !!!, 
  ... of wales . 
  do n't worry , the tory and ukip coalition that 's coming will restore that funding just like they 'll pour 350m into the nhs . 
  the conservatives had wanted a referendum on europe for more than 10 years ( it was a political football they stoked , especially while in opposition ) . 
  cameron thought he could dangle a referendum , get a deal with the eu ( he did ) , and grandstand by pleasing his base with a token referendum that would n't pass . 
  it blew up in his face . 
  look on the bright side , charles will probably be king soon and queen camilla will be a thing . 
  if scotland leave , the conservatives and ukip might form a coalition government for the next 30 years . 
  literally waving a grenade at the eu , only for it go off in his hand . 
  it is a mixed country at best . 
  i would n't describe it as primarily christian nor muslim . 
   islam 49 %  serbian orthodox 34 %  roman catholic 14 %  other 3 % [ 9 ], 
  this is great , do me next, 
   i agree that 's i how see it . 
  after cologne women should at least be able to have pepper spray or tasers . 
  pepper spray is legal in germany and allowed to be used for self-defense . 
  and there 's really no comparison between pepper spray and guns -- one is obviously non-lethal . 
  must ... crush ... ~ ~ capitalism ~ ~ unionism, 
   the rebate is controlled by the eu . 
  the pro leave argument here is that we send # 350m to the eu which we then do not control . 
  but that does n't happen . 
  you do control the rebate because none of that money leaves the uk treasury . 
  the rebate is n't a cheque you get back in the post from the eu . 
  i 'm also curious about what effectively means in that context , but i do n't see why you infer that it means that money is sent to to the eu and then sent back again . 
  it clearly says it is not sent at all . 
  [ from wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uk_rebate ) :  there is no transfer of money from the european commission to the uk treasury involved ; the effect of the rebate is to reduce the size of the uk 's payments . 
  [ 12 ] i 'm honestly trying to understand your point of view here . 
  are you confusing the rebate with the # 6bn that the eu spends in the uk ? 
  you said , `` then we send # 350m . 
  so yes , we do give them # 350m '' . 
  no , you do n't . 
  none of your links say that you do , and the pro-leave newspaper that i linked above explicitly says # 350m is not sent :  in fact , the rebate is effectively deducted at source , and so not actually sent to the eu at all . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say . 
  # 350m is an imaginary number ; it is not the amount sent to the eu . 
   # 12.9 billion is around # 35 million a day . 
  that 's less than the # 55 million-a-day figure that a lot of people campaigning the leave the eu cite . 
  that 's because the # 55 million figure is based on the eu contribution before the rebate is applied . 
  brexit campaigners use the phrase `` # 55 million is sent to the eu every day '' to suggest that the gross sum is paid to brussels before a portion is sent back to the uk . 
  ** in fact , the rebate is effectively deducted at source , and so not actually sent to the eu at all .
