  but since $ 13bn of it is now being paid in tax in ireland , that 's $ 13bn less that the us will be able to claim if apple were to pay the full rate . 
  even with a complete tax amnesty i 'm guessing a lot of that $ 13bn might still have ended up being taxed through capital gains on apple shareholders . 
  it creates work for a lot more people than that because of the services & goods that both apple and its employees use ( estimated at least 18,000 indirect jobs ) . 
  apple is also spending $ 850m on a data centre in another part of ireland , and it announced another 1,000 jobs in cork a few days ago . 
  and even though < 1 % is an absurdly low tax rate , it 's being paid on apple 's total international profits ( $ 16bn a few years ago ) , which could still result in $ 80m ( according to its all-time-low .005 % tax rate in 2014 ) corporate tax each year . 
   this is a bill for taxes on profits raised in other european countries . 
  can you expand on that ? 
  seems to me if the taxes are being avoided anywhere , it 's in the us and china ( where the products are designed and manufactured ) . 
  apple 's operations in other countries are mostly just point of sale or customer service . 
  most of apple 's non-retail european jobs are located in ireland as far as i 'm aware . 
  i 've read that the main reason such a disproportionate share of these profits end up in ireland and the netherlands ( and thence the caribbean ) is because they transfer profits from the us company to ireland via phony royalties . 
  yeah i do n't quite understand the us treasury response . 
  this is good news in that an american company dodging tax by routing profits overseas got its fingers burned . 
  does this ruling make it harder for the us treasury to scrape some of this money back in the future ? 
  i 've seen it mentioned that ireland may not get all of the 13 billion , subject to other countries suing for a share of the tax that might have been due in their jurisdiction . 
  they have existed . 
  the most prominent is arm ( they design 95 % of the world 's smartphone cpus ) - although they recently sold to a chinese company , and they do n't actually manufacture the chips - just patent them . 
  presumably the nascent ones in the 80s/90s got priced out . 
  electronics/mobile phone companies like amstrad , siemens , philips , nokia were successful for a while , though they 've all declined . 
  then we 'd use that tax revenue to buy more macbooks . 
  it 's laptops all the way down . 
  not to mention the australian flair . 
  using an american pejorative for the left when the `` liberal '' party in your country is centre right . 
  makes sense . 
  i think it 's russia post-breakup . 
  tbh i 'd expect satellite states to have been much more religious ( e.g. 
  i have the impression of armenia and georgia as being very christian , most people in azerbaijan being muslim etc. 
  or the resurgence of the russian orthodox church . 
  ( 31 % of population in 1991 , nearly 70 % in 2010 ), 
  oh you 've made an enemy now transylvania ... 
  yes !, 
  ok that video is making me reconsider my support for the eu . 
  never seen that flag before . 
  with the background of the page it looks like russia and germany had a baby . 
  well the implication is that an immigrant in an english-speaking country would either adopt or be conferred a name in english to refer to where they come from . 
  johnny frenchman arrives in dorset , and the locals call him mr. french and he just goes with it . 
  he was raised by secular parents ; what exactly was his ideology ? 
  some of them seem very modern and akin to wetsuits . 
  although i guess conservative muslims not only try to cover up skin but to hide women 's figure generally so many might opt for something [ like this ] ( http://www.realityravings.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/nigella-burkini1-712x1024.jpg ) . 
  i think it 's to introduce them to the swimming pool for the first time as a means to integrating with the community generally . 
  these women may have strong inclinations towards modesty and fear of showing skin in public , so giving them a day where they can use the pool as a group might encourage beginners to try it out and use the pool with the general public in future . 
  tbh there is much more to the story than this . 
  these appear to be the closing stages of something that 's been in the works for three or more years - the battle for control of the judiciary and other civil institutions between erdogan and gulenists . 
  you can read more about it here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_government_%e2%80%93_g%c3%bclen_movement_conflict, 
  [ the gulen movement operates up to 300 schools in turkey ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/g%c3%bclen_movement#schools ) . 
  james craig ? 
   russia , italy , spain did same not aware of any liberal western governments in russia , spain or italy ( was n't mussolini shot by rebels ? ), 
   dont behave like exper that 's not my intention . 
  but when i look at turkey 's history , i do n't see how it ever embraced liberal western values . 
  a military banning political parties , restricting freedom of expression , deposing and killing prime ministers etc. 
  is not liberal nor democratic . 
  well you would n't need to resurrect it because it 's still on the books : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capital_punishment_by_the_united_states_federal_government#capital_offenses several of the actions that the plotters carried out ( including treason ) exist on this list . 
  given that 260 + people died as a result of the coup attempt , it 's not unrealistic to picture a parallel scenario in the us that would result in the death penalty being applied . 
   they do not represent liberal western values anymore when did they ever ? 
  it was erdogan 's party that removed the death penalty ; the repression he 's carried out ( arresting journalists , dissidents etc. ), 
  is just an extension of previous regimes in turkey . 
  keep in mind the `` benevolent '' secular army has deposed and hanged prime ministers , disappeared people etc. 
  in the past . 
  well an identical knife attack happened in germany two months ago and people assumed it was a muslim refugee : [ it turned out to be a mentally disturbed german man ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/munich-knife-attack-family-of-german-suspect-say-he-is-no-terrorist-and-detail-drug-and-mental-a7024366.html ) . 
  safe to say people should wait until the facts are known ( as they are now in this case ) before making assumptions . 
  what does being an infidel have to do with anything ? 
  i 'm going to assume you are n't aware that the coup plotters killed dozens of civilians , including but not limited to firing heavy rounds from helicopters and crushing demonstrators with tanks . 
  this does not excuse the mobs that have beaten and killed a small number of soldiers , but the context is important . 
  this has nothing to do with religion - it is political violence , not religiously motivated violence . 
  edit : actually even calling it political violence is probably incorrect - this a mindless mob reacting . 
  not dissimilar to but even less premeditated than the la riots where mobs killed dozens of people . 
  a woman was tarred and feathered during the troubles in northern ireland because she was suspected of sleeping with a british soldier . 
  this was long after britain attained levels of civility that you claim have never existed in turkey . 
  it 's funny that turkey joining suddenly became an issue because of brexit . 
  turkey applied to join in 1987 and in that time has only closed something like 1 out of the 30 necessary chapters for accession ( not to mention the veto that greece , the uk etc. 
  might use ) . 
  there has been an ongoing legal issue with people the government accuse of plotting against the government . 
  this april the appeals court overturned the decision to jail them and ordered retrials . 
  looking at an electoral map that does n't seem uniformly the case . 
  there are pockets of support for different parties all over the country ; splitting up the country would be like splitting up the us based on who voted republican or democrat in congressional districts . 
  gulen movement hardly seems secular ; he 's a conservative , a religious leader , and previously opposed the secular military . 
  he was erdogan 's ally until only three years ago . 
  who is going to be the other side in this civil war ? 
  the akp and other opposition parties immediately denounced the coup ; erdogan is n't blaming them ; the coup was only supported by a few thousand soldiers , most of whom likely were just following orders . 
  there is no appetite to fight erdogan since he has at least half the country and , now , the military on his side . 
   theresa may was pro-remain , not leave as he states . 
  that 's not what he says . 
  he describes may as prime minister as `` pro-brexit '' in the sense that she plans to carry out the result of the referendum . 
  later he clarifies that , `` even the new prime minister who 's all ` brexit means brexit ' was against it before she got her current job '' . 
   he claims the torys were pro-referendum , officially neutral and secretely against . 
  absolutely not true . 
  there were many that were vocal on both sides throughout the campaign . 
  do you mean that he says the tories were `` pro-referendum '' in the sense of having a referendum at all , or in favour of a positive result ( i.e. 
  leave ) ? 
  or that the party was split between remain and leave ? 
  if the latter , i 'm not sure that he 's said anything that contradicts the true situation . 
  the party leadership ( cameron , osborne , may and most of the cabinet ) was pro-remain ; [ only 42 % of mps supported leave ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/cpsprodpb/ba5a/production/_90060774_mps_declare_eu_stance_22_06_16_624gr.png ) , but the results indicate a majority of tory voters supported leave . 
  it 's fair to say that the tory leadership preferred to remain in the eu but wanted to satisfy their core supporters by holding a referendum . 
   there is absolutely zero chance northern ireland would rejoin the republic of ireland and to suggest that so non-chalantly is ignorant and disrespectful to their shared history . 
  i think it 's unlikely in the short-term , but the good friday agreement means that a referendum can be held if opinion polling merits it ; contrast this with the scottish referendum where approval from westminster is required . 
  his odds of `` 45 % '' are too high ( at least for the next 10 years , in my opinion ) , but there is no doubt that leaving the eu has increased support for reunification . 
   like greys videos for the most part but i think his tendencies to simplify things lead to factual inaccuracies . 
  that 's the nature of the videos he does . 
  it 's not a tendency but rather an intention to simplify the issue as much as possible to reach his audience ( young youtube viewers ) . 
  certainly a lot of facts and subtlety get left out , but that 's hard to avoid when doing a breathless synopsis of something that would take thousands of words to properly explain to non-europeans .
