  for a few years there has been a particular debate happening in ireland & in europe about ireland 's corporate tax policy . 
  corporation tax in ireland , generally , is 12.5 % - which is much lower than the standard rate in other countries . 
  this has incentivised a lot of investment in ireland by many pharmaceutical companies & manufacturing since the early 1990s ( `` celtic tiger '' and all that ) . 
  however , in recent years , loopholes in irish & dutch tax law [ have come to light ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2010-10-21/google-2-4-rate-shows-how-60-billion-u-s-revenue-lost-to-tax-loopholes.html ) , as well as alleged private agreements between irish government and certain companies ( [ apple among others ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/ireland/apple-denies-special-tax-deal-with-irish-government-1.1409879 ) ) that allow profits from intellectual rights to be transferred to or through ireland , paying as little as 1-2 % tax . 
  bono is comparing the `` cranky left 's '' complaints about companies using ireland as a tax haven with the criticism of his own tax avoidance , weirdly/incoherently arguing that his tax avoidance is morally justifiable just like corporate tax avoidance is because it has helped `` ireland stay afloat '' . 
  but he 's misinformed/being disingenuous about ireland 's corporate tax . 
  certainly , ireland 's 12.5 % rate has probably helped it `` stay afloat '' by attracting investment over the past two decades ( to the detriment of other countries ) , but the 1-2 % some companies apparently pay is a whole other issue and is specifically what people are angry about . 
  do you mean * the independent * ( british newspaper ) or the * irish independent * ? 
  this took entirely too long and too many squints at the picture for me to get . 
  ** ireland ** * corrupt politician who accepted bribes in the 90 's has house raided by tax officials . 
  insists : `` anybody who knows me knows i pay my bills . '' ( defaulted on $ 1.4 m in taxes and is currently being sued for $ 1m by his own accountant over unpaid bills ) . 
  * government minister comes out strongly against default porn filters & censorship , to the surprise of everyone ( and ire of newspaper editorials ) . 
  * two new female supreme court justices , taking the number of women from 1 out of 12 to 3 out of 14 . 
  newspapers point ominously to a future 20 years from now where women might * gasp * outnumber men in the legal profession . 
  why is ireland trying to suck your nipples . 
  i think , in a european/global sense , ireland 's corporation tax is unfair since it contributes to a `` race to the bottom '' among neighbours in order to attract investment . 
  though some would argue that being a small country necessitates this since it has less to offer to foreign investors than a large country does or the market for homegrown corporate/industrial success . 
  however , it is absolutely in ireland 's own self-interest to have a low corporation tax ; iirc ireland has among the highest foreign direct investment in europe & a trade surplus -- during a period in which it 's faced recession , banking crisis , austerity etc. 
  that 's what i was expecting this video to be . 
  i would n't use the word `` sympathy '' or `` solidarity '' , but i think the press should give greater weight to the public 's views and feelings rather than some kind of complete objectivity . 
  ( objectivity is impossible , and even being completely balanced results in natural biases like giving undue weight to the powerful or entertaining the ideas of crackpots ) . 
  media is the fourth estate , and the other `` estates '' are occupied by people in positions of power and influence . 
  there is no other space for the public to share their views and speak to power . 
  elites ( politicians , economic experts , hedge fund managers , and even leaders of anti-austerity groups ) serve as excellent , regular , and easy sources and are overrepresented in the news . 
  in part because those elites are better educated and informed , and end up being more articulate and quotable for news reports . 
  ofc , i do n't find vox pops on the street particularly enlightening , and mass protests are unwieldy and often comprised of people with wildly differing views and aims , but there has to be extra space & a concerted effort to report on the plight of ordinary people . 
  agreed . 
  does it take into account longer holidays ? 
  iirc british summer holidays at school lasted 6 weeks , whereas in ireland it was twice this . 
  it would be interesting to also see this broken down further by age . 
  people aged 20-34 who have finished secondary school . 
  would give a better indication of how the top 5 are doing post-communism and in comparison to the rest of europe . 
  as a 26-year-old in ireland , i would 've assumed that at least 90 % of my age group finished school , and this sort of graph , comparatively speaking , is more of an indication of how ireland was doing in the 1980s . 
  edit : [ found the next closest thing : 20-24 age group ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nbr2akc.png ) . 
   this has been the case one ape wielded a bigger stick than his rival . 
  it 's been especially obvious since 1945 . 
  drones wo n't change that . 
   hundreds of helicopters have been shot down by insurgents in iraq and afghanistan . 
  no one ever hears about it or cares . 
  no one cares ? 
  whenever i saw a british or american newscast about a downed helicopter it was often one of the first or second items on the news , followed by images of hundreds of people turning out for military funerals . 
  when people are polled about their opinions on wars in those countries , friendly casualties overwhelmingly trump casualties of foreign civilians . 
  ( e.g. 
  the turn in american public sentiment over the vietnam war came about because of the high number of dead us soldiers rather than vietnamese/laotian/cambodian casualties ) . 
  i 'm not sure i agree that they lead to less collateral damage . 
  because they do n't put personnel at risk , they make it easier for countries to go to war and bomb enemy territory ( less chance of friendly casualties or negative media about losing soldiers etc. ) . 
  the `` risks '' of war are less , thus the threshold for going to war is lower . 
  as we saw with iraq , we ca n't always trust our governments ' motivations for taking us into war ; it being easier for them to do so is not necessarily a good thing . 
  the other side , faced with a technology they do n't have and ca n't compete with , are forced into asymmetrical warfare and resort to methods that put more lives at risk . 
  that is , if they ca n't properly strike at european military assets ( destroying an unmanned drone is nothing like downing a helicopter with pilots aboard or destroying a tank division ) , they will strike at civilians instead . 
  sweden has the shortest family reunification policy where the families of successful asylum seekers can legally travel to join them . 
  the nearest `` safe '' countries are turkey , jordan , lebanon . 
  these countries have hosted millions of refugees during the present conflict , and there is also a historical refugee problem where refugees from iraq and palestine have fled to these countries ( syria itself hosted over a million iraqi refugees during the most recent golf war ) . 
  those people have piled into long term refugee camps where there is little hope of a job or an education . 
  many of those refugees have already been there for 3-4 years , and it could be 10 + more years before things return to normal in syria . 
  some , who were displaced in the afghanistan/iraq wars have already been displaced even longer . 
  edit : thought i was replying to a swede . 
  as someone else points out , sweden has taken a higher number of refugees power capita than finland in the past , and it seems likely they 'll continue to do so . 
  i 'm a little confused on the details , but the way i saw one article frame it was this : the 2012 debt restructuring ( 50-70 % pay-out ) only applied to the remaining private creditors . 
  prior to that , a large chunk of greek 's privately-held sovereign debt was paid out in full ( 100 % ) using the 2010 bailout funds , which transferred greece 's debt over to other europeans/the imf . 
  i may be incorrect , but afaik there was no debt relief on the majority of the money greece now owes the troika ( though i see elsewhere that the 2012 debt relief applied to $ 200m-worth of privately held debt ) . 
  yeah , i really do n't understand it ? 
  i 've always liked the english-language articles i 've come across from der spiegel ... but this just screams daily mail/bild/ny post shite . 
  edit : oh , i see the translation now : `` how europe perceives germany '' . 
  that makes a little more sense ( i thought der spiegel was * criticising * merkel for being authoritarian ) . 
  that is naive and unrealistic . 
  conflict has been happening for 5 years in syria and is likely to get worse before it gets better ; more than 10 years in iraq and afghanistan ; 20 years in somalia and sudan and the drc etc. 
  asylum seekers being kept in permanent limbo , reliant on welfare , effectively cut off from any form of integration , and unable to work and contribute to the state is a recipe for disaster . 
  do businesses generally get money from eu grants ? 
  i 'm kind of ignorant on the subject . 
  in ireland , when we were a major net recipient , it seemed that the bulk of our grants were for infrastructure ( not considering farm subsidies ) . 
  would be interesting to see gdp plotted on a graph for these countries ( and have it stretch back into the 80s ) . 
  edit : here 's gdp/capita since 2006 ( could n't fit cyprus & malta ) : http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.cd/countries/ee-cz-lv-lt-pl-sk-si?display=graph not sure if gdp or [ gni ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.cd/countries/ee-cz-lv-lt-pl-sk-si?display=graph ) is a better indicator . 
  iirc gdp is pretty bad for countries like cyprus & ireland where there has been an intense amount of foreign banking . 
  beijing , sunrise = 05:15 , sunset = 19:09 urumqi , sunrise = 07:02 , sunset 21:12 i actually prefer how it works for western china . 
  in summer sunrise is even as early as 4:45 in beijing . 
  latest sunrise in winter for urumqi is 09:44 which sucks for farmers , but to me that 's preferable to going home in the dark at 6pm . 
  this can become a huge problem if the past few decades had a higher birthrate . 
  you end up with a small working population supporting a very large ( and increasingly long-lived ) group of pensioners . 
  and i do n't mean pensioners right now , but the people in their 20s , 30s and 40s who will be retiring in the coming decades . 
  if anything you 'd think ted cruz would grok best with saudi values . 
  well , apart from his plan to patrol muslim neighbourhoods . 
   he really soured my image of people from kauniainen . 
  tell me about it . 
   not like having a cecil rhodes statue means anyone is glorifying the man . 
  is n't that the point of statues ? 
  sounds like that makes the ira even more gentlemanly . 
  not really sure what your point is though . 
  [ it makes you nostalgic for the good ol' days of the ira ; they were decent british terrorists ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwkeeqxt3uq ), 
  i found brave new world a very difficult read because it 's so archaic and overly-descriptive compared to 1984 ( particularly the first 20 pages ) , but i do still think bnw has a more relevant message to those of us living in liberal democracies . 
  some of the concerns in 1984 about surveillance and language being used to control discourse are issues we face in many developed countries - but they 're not nearly as salient as they are in totalitarian regimes . 
  this quote sums up why bnw is and will be increasingly relevant :  what orwell feared were those who would ban books . 
  what huxley feared was that there would be no reason to ban a book , for there would be no one who wanted to read one . 
  orwell feared those who would deprive us of information . 
  huxley feared those who would give us so much that we would be reduced to passivity and egoism . 
  orwell feared that the truth would be concealed from us . 
  huxley feared the truth would be drowned in a sea of irrelevance . 
  orwell feared we would become a captive culture . 
  huxley feared we would become a trivial culture , preoccupied with some equivalent of the feelies , the orgy porgy , and the centrifugal bumblepuppy . 
  as huxley remarked in brave new world revisited , the civil libertarians and rationalists who are ever on the alert to oppose tyranny `` failed to take into account man 's almost infinite appetite for distraction . '',
