  you say it yourself , eu neighborhood , not eu soil . 
  but i see your point . 
  the question is if our politicans are willing to take action or if they are cowards and shirkers , once eu soil is involved . 
  all this is theater . 
  only to get an another day and an another billion for your atm 's . 
  i 'm so sick to see this shit every day in news . 
  just take the pill and make a default , it would be the best for all of europe . 
  if thats the way to go then sooner or later there will be a inner-european or proxy war again . 
  hopefully everybody is aware of that consequence . 
  there is just one small problem . 
  germany dont have the politicans to lead . 
  merkel isnt a leader , she is just good at managing things . 
  also there is nobody else with enough power and sane enough to take the lead . 
  you see germany even if it wants to lead , it cant . 
  there are three other nations within europe who can take the lead . 
  uk , but they probably want to leave . 
  poland , lacks the economic power but have some talkable politicans . 
  last but not least , france . 
  cant tell if they are suitable or willing or rational enough . 
  in short therm i dont see a leading nation who resolves the big problems . 
  maybe it isnt needed ? 
  yes , for europe and nato too . 
  ^ edit : ^ in ^ that ^ order, 
  but , its up to you to think what you want . 
  only a sith deals in absolutes . 
  its because they dont see the gain anymore , they only see the pain . 
  if something works too good for some time , people tend to take it as normal . 
  its the same with democracy as with security and freedom . 
  its sad , but once people lost these things they see the real value , not beforehand . 
  not sure if this is sarcasm or serious . 
  thats not true and you mixing up facts . 
  in fact there where honor killings comitted by muslims . 
  the last one in news where 2-3 years ago , parents killed their daughter because she wanted to marry an boy not approved by them . 
  the other fact is , that there where a neo-nazi group comitting crimes and murder some not-nordic looking businessman . 
  two facts that you mixed . 
  thats just wrong . 
  but ok , russians live in putinworld so maybe that makes sense there . 
  thats our entire navy , please dont break our broomsticks , we dont have replacements . 
  oh and dear szar putin , our beaches are now defensless , please dont send our troops on vacation ... 
  there is always the option to integrate into that society they are moving to , as every normal person would do . 
  you know , fsb/kgb is quite big and have its old soviet ties within the society . 
  people hide their real opinion in regular basis too . 
  in rural russia there are corrupt officals with mafia ties ruling the regions . 
  its quite near to a dictatorship . 
  fewer customers , smaller economy , lower tax income , smaller infrastructure . 
  nothing to worry about . 
  what matters is the statistical per head income and that would be the same as today maybe higher . 
  no we have not . 
  even if the population shrink to 65million or lower i dont see a problem . 
  whats the difference to today ? 
  the point is , thats all scare tactics . 
  halp , fewer people ... boohoo ... 
  no outrage of moroccan leftists who wants cultural enrichment of their society ? 
  but immigrants , illegal or not , are also needed for a workforce and someting like that . 
  / s wonder why only western leftists want forcefully destroy our society and culture with ` enrichment ' far beyond normal guided and healthy immigration . 
  oh there are ways to keep people behind bars for very long time in germany . 
  the court only habe to be alittle creative . 
  look to the raf people . 
  some of them come out of prison only to be found guilty for someting again and they geht again to jail . 
  or some random ` expert ' could say that the culprit is not sane and woosh you are for long time behind bars . 
  i 'm sure there are many more ways to reach the goal , fully legal , in germany . 
  no , now he needs a new palace , maybe the gezi-park is good a building plot ? 
  there will be some anti-corruption investigation on this state concil members soon ... 
  yes they should suffer . 
  they elected them , they approved them numerous times , they profited from ridiculous government programs and laws . 
  now that shit hits the fan they complain and refuse to take the consequences of their own decisions and mistakes . 
  edit : and they spit in the helping hand that could improve the fucked up situation . 
  i would write to a neanderthal clan leader `` run and hide your clan somewhere , home sapiens will exterminate your species ! '', 
  yes , let 's divide the eu again and let 's have some good old war in the name of russia or us again . 
  that 's what this caricature is all about . 
  even if you do n't like the european project it is the only way to keep the crazys out of politics and work together for the good of all european citizens . 
  most of the time it 's not a fault of the police . 
  and even a trained policeman is a human and can go angry . 
  sadly no , even if this program is more pain then a gain in a whole . 
  if you are interested look here as starting point : http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/working_opportunities_with_additional_expenses_compensation, 
  we in germany had this kind of jobs , called ' 1-euro-jobs ' . 
  does not turn out well . 
  they was doing useless work , like measure sights who was well measured by professional company 's . 
  or they destroy small companies who are doing street or park cleaning or something like that . 
  just because the benefit-jobbers are payed by the government to do the same . 
  not . 
  haha , not intended to be funny ... 
  if the eu do n't fails horribly then there will be some day who we will see a federation of europe or something similar . 
  of course , this is way ahead in the future . 
  if you look closely there is some brown in dresden , its not that big through . 
  looks like the rhein-river and the alps have some intelligence improvement rays or something . 
  germanys borders from 1918 . 
  does palestine recognize the vatican ? 
  the remembering of all that nasty stuff from ww2 have to stay in our memory until the last of this generation and their children died . 
  past that point i am with you , this have to be just another part of our history like all the rest . 
  even if there would be no usa , these people would hate someone other . 
  these people hate others more powerful and far away because they are small-minded and dont have self-confidence . 
  improving your live or that of others is not that easy , its more easy to blame others for your problems . 
  gulags , working to death , starving and stalins purging . 
  germany . 
  there are no defeat of germany without germany . 
  so germany contributed the most . 
  yes , you are true . 
  sometimes i think they are selling germany to all but german . 
  just like schr\u00f6der did to gazprom .
