  it would be funny to watch if germany would n't doing the same mistakes . 
  it 's good to be the king . 
  how does the kremlin finance infrastructure or even themselves ? 
  for sure their escapades in syria or ukraine are costly too and if i remember correctly they repayed their state debt one or two years ago . 
  it does n't come out of thin air that russian higher ups look down on their followers . 
  the russian society is not made out of equals . 
  that 's why it is remarkable when a higher up helps a lower one . 
  and you genuinely think such a society will ever threat a former soviet satellite state as equal if it does n't fight for it like finland and chechnya ? 
  i 'm impressed by your optimism and slightly turned down by your greenness . 
  edit : yes i 'm aware that chechnya lost but they reached a special status within russia and finland is a fully sovereign country . 
  just attention whores and the press gives them exactly what they 're craving for . 
  plot twist , it is ` nt a storage room , its a armory . 
  are you preparing for something greece ? 
  thats not how you 're attractive to london 's big money . 
  the only smart answer here is `` dont know '' . 
  and the only correct answer is `` all of them '' . 
  hey just visited for [ architecture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zbk7sf4.jpg ) and [ landscape ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uejkwnr.jpg ) . 
  my last trip to kosovo . 
  she did n't but gabriel did name them `` pack '' wich basically translates to `` lowlife '' . 
  that 's pretty near to scum , especially if a politician says it . 
  panic do that with you , it silences the rational part of the brain and gives all control to the lizard part . 
  until you realize what happened its too late . 
  they are indeed . 
  i would not use the same words . 
  but they 're burning cars with people in it , so to me that is one criteria to be called like that . 
  yes it was , but it looks like we need to move on . 
  looks like we europeans do n't change much without pressure . 
  and it looks like we need to begin to protect our interests ourselves . 
  without the ( military ) support of the us it will never be this comfortable again . 
  but we managed it in the past , so i think it will turn out good sooner or later . 
  would n't it be fair to pressure google to hand non-eu gmail massages to eu agencies ? 
  the goal should not be to tax fossil into oblivion . 
  instead it should be to make renewable the preferred source of energy . 
  probably , but he is also out of the game . 
  every bit helps to fight corruption . 
  keep it up , maybe someone important will step down soon . 
  does this map show how we partition the us after trump ? 
  so as a example germany gets california , pennsylvania and parts of washington or greece gets kentucky ? 
  you should consider also traveling by bus . 
  it 's not as comfortable and fast as rail but it 's often cheaper . 
  i care !, 
  but i ca n't do jack shit . 
  russia 's strength is europe 's weakness . 
  not saying that merkel 's way of politics is the cause , but it 's a big chunk of it . 
  combined with a political and economic weakened france and a leaving uk it works not very well for the future of europe . 
  what you are saying , the world belongs to you as long it pays in dollars . 
  haha , no . 
  outside your borders you have no juristication . 
  if someone outside your borders actually bents over to your laws , thats a different thing . 
  point is you guys need to work on your supriority complex . 
  your example does not fit here , the organisation in question is not formed here in the ` west ' . 
  thus can not form new branches there , just because its already there . 
  yes if the case takes its place within us borders . 
  outside of the borders you can wipe your ass with your us laws . 
  the case taked its place in london ( eu laws apply ) , involved russian citizens ( russian laws apply ) and a german bank ( eu laws apply ) . 
  you guys just want the free fine money . 
  greedy , just like the involved bankers . 
  who cares if its dollars , euros or stones . 
  the us is in no way affected by this case . 
  so again i fail to see how the juristication is in the us . 
  and on top of that do you think the fine money will be handed to the eu ? 
  not really , it will be used within the us . 
  you guys really like to meddle in things who dont belong to you . 
  at least , if you can get some free money out of it . 
  its up to uk , russia und to a lesser extend germany to investigate , not the us . 
  involved countrys in the laundering : uk , russia . 
  gets fined by : us , uk . 
  i fail to see why the us is involved here . 
  they should force apple to pay its bills , insted they fine european corporations . 
  heh the us again . 
  so after volkswagen they are at deutsche bank ( again ) ? 
  so we have other big corporations originating in germany you could fine . 
  like sap or dhl or lufthansa or others . 
  i guess you us trade warriors can ` find ' also some ` evidence ' to sqeeze some money out . 
  all you guys think trump will start a trade war soon ? 
  its already going on for years . 
   its been going on for like ~ ~ 6 ~ ~ 1400 years ftfy, 
  expansion into space will extend the time until we destroy ourselves to almost eternity . 
  and that sounds very desirable to me . 
  women kept stupid , submissive and indoctrinated = more babies . 
  or women allowed to think for themselves and properly educated men = fewer babies . 
  `` nestl\u00e9 '' revenge of the swiss . 
  europe 's security starts with common sense . 
  the lack thereof is the cause of most recent occurrences . 
  not only that , such cases can last months if not years to solve . 
  until that time nobody gets deported , illegal or not . 
  there is also a state policy that if someone stays more than 8 years he gets a residential permit . 
  it 's all fucked up beyond belief . 
  so if i do n't read you wrong , the main factor that holds france back is its centralization and it 's focus on big players ? 
  if so , that would be easy to overcome , give the regional governments more budgetary rights and freedom . 
  almost every mayor/local government will try to pamper it 's companies at home . 
  given the chance a lot officials will get creative in saving and creating workplaces too . 
  interesting , you think this is a contest . 
  wonder how many people are thinking the same way . 
  that a expression of empathy needs to be somehow repayed . 
  a good insight in your mind . 
  there is no problem if there is nobody who sees it . 
  so your solution is : they 're shitty , let 's do nothin ' here . 
  if the spd gets their shit together schulz could challenge her . 
  but obviously this party will `` wreck '' itself .
