  that 's the duty of men , protect their family , society and country and it 's not their duty to beat their woman because they do n't want to open their legs or such bs . 
  if you are a healthy man and you are leaving your family and country exposed to bombs , murder and rape than you are a coward without honour . 
  as soldiers they would be shot for treason . 
  it 's not the government itself , it 's erdogans family . 
  open secrets . 
  even if the ukrainian troops are not able to regain their territory they are standing their ground , they deserve respect for that . 
  if the political will in ukraine persist a few years they will be doing better than russia . 
  she is more the angela stalin type . 
  but yes , i worry that her politics do not turns out good for germany and the eu and i wonder why so many germans do n't have a problem with the same . 
  on the other hand a near nuclear power like russia , and their behaviour is also a thing to look after . 
  we should be a little afraid of who is coming after putin , chances are high that the next will be even more into dictatorship and warmongering than the current little ` zar ' . 
  but who knows , there are also the small chance that the russians will turn toward reason again . 
  almost nobody here , not even merkel , wanted the leading role in eu . 
  but if nobody else is even trying then we need to take it . 
  we would be happy if france or uk take it . 
  my personal opinion , the eu should be just a economic community , noting more . 
  true and most germans dislike to throw a shitload of money into a useless military action . 
  if you really want to get rid off isil you need to go 100 % including boots on the ground , casualties and so on . 
  that half baked thing what 's now going on there leads to noting . 
  they are hoping that these ` refugees ' solve the problem themselves and find a way into the uk . 
  this is basically the ` head in the sand ' strategy . 
  this will not turn out good for everyone . 
  and this is why our country is fucked for the next 10 years . 
  i will vote for a far right or far left party or for something like the pirates to sink my vote . 
  the winter is coming ... 
  they try to push some self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  maybe their stakeholders need some money . 
  who knows . 
  no , but i 'm german so maybe my opinion do n't count . 
  yes , it 's time for a mandatory census for these ` refugees ' and for us locals . 
  yes and this is why most younger germans do n't care now if someone calls them a nazi . 
  this word is simply overused and do n't have any power anymore . 
  the eu is like the un , almost all of it is pointless , money consuming and pathetic . 
  yes . 
  i would vote for arya stark , because what do we pray to our god ? 
  ` not today , not today . ', 
  really like the dark but innocent meaning of that . 
  ok , not cool . 
  and now why not do the same to the boys ? 
  you know we all are equal and so on . 
  `` playmobil expects increase in turnover in 2016 '', 
  german ( native ) , english ( good ) , bulgarian ( below average ), 
  holy shit thats hypnotic . 
  hot girls dancing in front of psychedelic lights . 
  will have to `` research '' more !, 
  nothing wrong here , it looks like at least at this single topic they are acting according to the opinion of their voters . 
  but dont be afraid , with ceta this will change , big buck will be made out of genetic manipulated food . 
  hopefully they will set a label , so i can vote with my pocket . 
  so i 'm illigally discrimitating genetic manipulated food just because i dont wan na eat it ? 
  guess i 'm a food-racist then , call the pc-police . 
  thank you for your submission and work done . 
  just one point : this is a european sub and we do not have any relation how much a us-dollar is worth in daily life . 
  wouldnt it be better to stick to the euro as most of us can image how much a euro is worth daily . 
  its up to you what you put in your mounth . 
  and please dont try dictate what i have to eat . 
  thats a silly comarsion . 
  specially pay raises are done because of various reasons , like inflation or gratitudes and such . 
  they have almost nothing to do with trade agreements . 
  canadas workers pay their income tax here in the eu ? 
  how generous . 
  i dont have a problem with us products too , at least if its not the genetic manipulated ones and if they are approved by our authorities . 
  there are already plenty selled and buyed within the eu , witout a trade agreement . 
  and tariffs serve a purpose , * basically * to make up for the loss of income tax . 
  as ceta is not `` evil '' or `` sacred '' as ttip , its just another name for the same . 
  of course a little more focused on canada , but still . 
  canada is a us trade proxy . 
  if ttip fails they will stick to ceta , thats why everyone and their granny dont want ceta too . 
  i for myself * dont think we * ( eu & us+c anada ) * even need * a trade agreement . 
  for decades trade worked for both of us and we both profited . 
  i dont see how a trade agreement will change this to the better or the worse . 
  all it will change is that the taxpayer will have a greater burden on both sides of the atlantic . 
  and because its naturally cheaper the standards on both sides will go down . 
  besides that , a really interesting insight into russian society and somewhat related . 
  is n't this pissing off russia as they are ~ ~ allys ~ ~ allies ? 
  edit : word, 
  i 'm glad that germany is not in this list . 
  it shows that our social system works as intended . 
  and that germans are sane enough to not waste too much money on the ` helping ' industry . 
  as i read this , first into mind comes toha heavy industries . 
   he can not rule out indefinitely that encouraging words had been spoken . 
  he can not rule out indefinitely that encouraging words had been * not * spoken . 
  both are non statements and mean nothing . 
  not really `` cheaper '' , all the bribes payed and money invested into such bases like incirlik is gone . 
  especially until the turks decide to throw us out . 
  with a carrier or two the money could just move away and serve as a base somewhere else . 
  cyprus is no option , it would shorten the operaion time of our aircraft too much . 
  israel is a difficult partner for militairy operations as the past shows and they are not part of nato . 
  the other options are somewhat politically difficult and as you say we would need to invest a lot on infrastructure until its really operational . 
  the best option would be a carrier or not to get involved in the sandy shitting . 
  its still one more carrier than we germans have . 
  we 're bound to the goodwill of recep `` the purge '' erdogan if we want to play in the middle east shithole . 
  only if you are selling something that people think they ` need ' , like apple , google or microsoft . 
  you call it eula and put a fancy design on top . 
  result : legal spying . 
  it 's autumn so the mediterranen sea is more stormy , just like every year . 
  self fulfilling prophecies , are best prophecies . 
  heh , laughted a way too much on that . 
  til why the middle east is such a shithole . 
  they are basically revengeing a revenge that revenges a revenge ... and so on . 
  and all that mixed with a religious ideology that basically says : killing , suffering and revenge is the golden way .
