  just like last time . 
  and he will not have a chance . 
  spain had some experience with eta . 
  of course they are somewhat experienced with uncovering terrorist activities . 
  it would be the same if islamists try to do something in north ireland . 
  besides that , good that they get caught more often than not . 
   i 'm not a muslim , in germany they are a minority and the vast majority of muslims are just ordinary people who live under brutal dictatorships . 
  every time we see they get rid of a brutal dictaor ( even if we not try to help them ) , they get even more brutal and ruthless themselfes . 
  all justified by their religion . 
  to me it looks like there needs to be a brutal dictator to keep the peace . 
  just like in their 1400 years history past . 
   if they really got to choose their rulers and the societies they lived in then it 's certainly true that the arabs would overwhelmingly choose democracy . 
  and still we have here in europe enough refugee-wannabees , out of so called stable muslim countrys to proove you wrong . 
  even turkey , a lagre muslim democracy , have offical approved lynch mobs and real refugees themselfes . 
   and last year the islamist party in tunisia , ennahda , made the strongest case for secularism i 've seen from the arab world . 
  a true democracy will deal with their problems themselfes . 
  instead they 're sending problematic people to europe . 
  and if asked they dont take them back . 
  so this party can sweet talk all day long to gain more votes or eurofunds , but in reality actions matter . 
  this is no real substantial progress . 
   the key problem is the homogenisation of different branches , schools and movements into a single ideology , islam when their are many variants of islam , some extremely peaceful , some extremely violent . 
  all that cruel stuff that muslims are doing is written in their book . 
  so the key problem is the violent nature of the islam and the inwritten order to interpret it literally . 
  like the stuff in the christian old testament . 
  the new testament have also some shit going but it dont claim to be interpreted literally wich is a substantial progress . 
  i agree that you dont agree with me , thats it . 
  it looks like more consensus is not possible on this topic . 
   ... we were the barbarians wrestling in the mud . 
  no , thats not true . 
  at 1300 there were already a unified entity of france , a holy roman empire of german descent and a rather active civilisation were also already here . 
  this story of the barbarism is a fairy tale . 
  start here https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/late_middle_ages its good to know your past . 
  bring the holocaust up all you want . 
  at that time my dad were a small kid himself and i were not even born . 
  so i will not feel guilty or something for our history . 
  and those hole phrases lost their power 2014 . 
  at that time regular people were called racist just because they pointed on problems . 
  you are doing the same . 
  and i doubt that you 're hating to bing it up , but that 's another story . 
  1400 years of muslim history show no progress . 
  that 's more than 70 generations and still the same shit . 
  as you brought the holocaust up , germany changed in just 2 generations . 
  you 're talking about minorities , but 1,4 billion muslims are hardly a minority . 
  stop with your victim complex here , it 's just a self-lie . 
  without substantial progress , our view on this religion and it 's members will not change . 
  * edit : removed a probably offending question and corrected generations count . 
   and also they are hated by almost all of population . 
  detest , not hated . 
  and seen as a brainwashing death cult , just like christianty before the reformation . 
   but how can you solve a problem when you do n't acknowledge where it comes from ? 
  its not about solving , its all about to put it out of the field of view . 
  yes spd demand but merkel were able to avert that if she wanted to . 
  no it does not make him a leftist . 
  point is merkel did almost nothing that makes her centre right . 
  i only see seehofer as german centre right . 
  and if petry proves the next years that she is able to compromize , i would say she is centre right too . 
   and by european standards merkel is centre right . 
  can you please explain how you get to this conclusion ? 
  the key points of her reign are all part of leftist or liberal goals . 
  * dismantle all nuklear powerplants = left * minimum wage = left * let every migrant in that manages to come without checking = left * rebuild the bundeswehr from conscription to volunteer = left * the scrappage program to help german car makers = liberal the only conservative what comes to mind are the sanctions on russia . 
  and they had to be enforced as the eu+usa pressurized . 
  without pressure the sanctions would be recently dropped by merkel and her government . 
  she is centre left at best . 
  as winners of the war , i guess , grab what you can . 
  industrial installations are better loot than some old wooden houses . 
  also to drop the bombs somewhere is way cheaper than disarming them one by one . 
   after all , africa is being given billions of $ and it 's still struggling . 
  yes its sad , is n't it ? 
  i think it has something to do with education , the possibility to get use of that education , the unstable social environment ( aka warlords and violent gangs ) and the lack of an age of enlightement . 
  but my troughts on this does not add to the discussion here about marshall-plan and eu fundung . 
  so lets stop here . 
  you have to explore the map a little more . 
  maybe there is some tiberium somewere . 
   germany was forgiven a great deal of its public debt after ww2 , and also some war reparations , too bad many people seem to forget that . 
  after the war germany was forgiven a big chunk of the ww1 dept. 
  that dept had to be taken because of the insanely high ww1 reparations . 
  we recently ( 2010 ) finished the last payment to the allies of ww2 reparations . 
   and about the marshall plan , germany was the country that benefited the most from it . 
  out of the marshall-plan germany recived from 1948 to 1951 in 4 years roundabout 1,4 billion us$ ( france 2,2 billion ) . 
  for a country of the scale of west-germany ( at this time ) this was hardly more than a first installment . 
  without that a way more people had to starve . 
  the marshall-plan contributed to the west-german economic miracle in that form that simply there were more workers , not much more . 
  dont get me wrong the marshall-plan were a really smart decision and without it europe would be looking a little different . 
  but its hardly the cause of every good thing after the ww2 . 
  edit : words, 
  why ? 
  i do not see how falafel is gon na enrich this old christian middle european tradition . 
  falafel is perfectly fine the rest of the year , if you like it . 
  but its just a everyday meal , nothing special . 
  and horribly failed every time in a epic scale because of human nature . 
   they did n't cover up anything . 
  they did . 
  its `` positive '' censoring and its a widly accepted rule and practice here . 
  and its the reason why you take every newsbit with some grain of salt . 
  and it works because most of the average people dont have the time to research information themselfes . 
  logistically its possible and doable and probably cheaper as to send them back in small slices . 
  just only frankfurt airport moved 61.032.022 million people in 2015 . 
  thats an average of ** 167.211 per day ** . 
  but to start such a operation it involves the will to do it and some planning . 
  and obviously the regressive left will work against it .
