  you trust dobby , yes yes !, 
  they demanded cheap , they received cheap . 
  this time you 're part of the club ( s ) and the new us presidents woman is of eastern european descent , so you 're pretty save i think . 
  you should worry more about the recently increased `` retardeness '' of putin and erdogan . 
  there are already a movie that faces in that direction : http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1535108/, 
  its propably a delayed reaction to [ that ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/film/2003/jan/30/harrypotter.news ) . 
  hello fellow gal , i consent with you . 
  religion is spiritual servitude , stirs up hate and obstructs free thinking . 
  glad that there are some ossis remaining with this in their mind . 
  haha , our government will bend over as they always do on issues connected to the us or china . 
  keep in mind that realpolitik ever toppels ideology as long as the average people allow it . 
   it 's a drama , also because the afd is a neoliberal party that is voted for by people who receive welfare , very small pensions or minimum wage . 
  losers of capitalism voting for more severe capitalism . 
  that post here provides more information as the whole article . 
  dont worship the past . 
  thats a mistake many do . 
  and it causes a lot of struggle . 
  just build someting new and promising , something better , out of the surviving pieces . 
  hard to manage or not , my point stands . 
  they are not refugees anymore as i explained . 
  besides that why do countrys sign the shengen-treaty ? 
  as they dont want or are not able to protect the shengen border ? 
  and why do we let them sign shengen even if it was clear that they dont want or are not able to protect the border ? 
  shengen is dead as nobody dares to stick to this treaty . 
  especially our government under merkel just ignores it . 
  i guess , we all are equal but some are more equal than others . 
   legitimate refugees almost nobody of the 890.000 + is a legitimate refugee here in germany . 
  they passed several save countrys and thus lost their refugee status . 
  the only real refugees here in germany are those who arrive per ship , plane or get accepted directly within our embassys . 
  the 890.000 + are just regular migrants and need to be processed as such . 
  but the bamf is unable to do it lawfully and logistically * or * are not willing to do it . 
  thus they keep an blind eye . 
  and you 're willingly or unwilligly supporting this untruth . 
  i try to explain this exaggeration for you a bit . 
  as you 're right its sometimes stretched and over the top . 
  those who do n't use it as a meme try just to point at a given circumstance . 
  i hope you 're fimiliar with `` wehret den anf\u00e4ngen '' ^ eng : ^ consider ^ the ^ portents ^ or ^ nip ^ it ^ in ^ the ^ bud . 
  and its in the nature of peoples mind that exaggerations get more attention . 
  i hope my clumpsy english let you understand it a little better . 
   well yeah , i need them uhm ... 
  how merkel tells us the `` cold hard truth '' : ... 
  i 'm not a particular fan of de maiziere but he is able to speak and do n't waits until the debate ends to voice his opinion . 
  yes you 're right . 
  it works well to suppress all promising new candidates until you 're the only choice left . 
  not surprised . 
  disappointed , but not surprised . 
  you dont understand , i said exactly this . 
  we were not involved into the creation of this mess . 
  just like a cashier is not involved into the cooking at the customers home . 
  do n't be delusional , the conflicts there are way older than the invention of guns . 
  and as if we would stop selling arms and somehow the mess would magically stop . 
  if we dont sell them arms , i 'm sure the us , russia , china , south africa or even walmart would step in . 
  so i 'm sorry but thats a no-point . 
  besides that we 're not responsible how these arms are used of if they 're used . 
  thats enteirly the decision of the owner . 
  edit : we 're not morally superior to anyone as everybody else . 
   could also debatably say we helped destabilize the region as a whole and plunged libya into a power vacuum creating a lot of these problems i 'm not and everybody i know also do n't . 
  i 'm sure my country did n't do shit to destabilize the middle east . 
  and also is doing an ridicolus amount to solve the inflowing mess . 
  so they 're better connected than [ scientology ] ( https://i.imgur.com/mbhct5e.png ) ^ ^ [ sauce ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/3r2rk3/map_official_recognition_of_scientology_worldwide ) should people be worried ? 
  in worldcat its only listed in french and i also didnt manage to find other unlisted translations . 
  looks like its not translated to german or english . 
  seems like i can not find this book at amazon , worldcat.org or wikipedia . 
  can you provide a link so i can look it up and see if its translated to german ? 
  thank you . 
  no , critical thinking makes you independent . 
  and here is where such filtering systems step in . 
  without some knowledge its very hard to question things . 
  and also you have to have the will and interest to critically rethink things , and here is where manipulated media and preachers with a agenda step in . 
  also the `` piece of paper every 4 years '' is not the essence of freedom or independence . 
  its just a certain aspect of a democracy . 
  the gdr , as a exemple , had elections too but that did not make it a free society . 
  good idea , two generations and all our problems will be solved . 
  image that , no more poverty , no more pollution , no wars , no suffering , no hate . 
  what a utopia !, 
  its your good idea , you should make a appointment for a vasectomy . 
  people will follow your example , for sure , if they see how well it works out . 
  [ linksfaschismus ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/left-wing_fascism ) , yes that 's a real thing . 
  i understand you . 
  from time to time my own people loose their minds and hurt themselfes long term . 
  there is little i can do about this . 
  but a system can be changed from within , its just that it needs a lot of energy , willpower , time , luck and support . 
  and i 'm not willing and able to provide this . 
  so i made my decision how to deal with that . 
  but of course there are always other options . 
  thankfully i 'm just a spectrator , so i can not tell you your options , only that there are other ways . 
  even then , the  place of safety is tripolis or tunis , thats where they 're coming from . 
  besides that it should be clear that almost all of those `` ngo `` s are chapters of organized crime networks , so i 'm not sure why you 're defending them . 
  yes it is remarkable , just because russians had most of the time a good education . 
  and also there were some russian philosophers who could think outside the box . 
  this shows me that russians should be able to see the wrongs and rights in their society . 
  and that they should be able to see how other societys work and their wrongs and rights . 
  yet they stay where there are supporting this system even sending their children to die for it . 
  we have this too , not as rampant and tumoruous like them , and yet , enough to cripple some advancement . 
  what propably is more remarkable is that russians belive and imagine that the whole world is as corrupted as their own system . 
  and how they think that they need to protect it , even to die for it . 
  its as if they deserve what they get . 
  `` the nearest port '' . 
  now , thats not italy . 
  yeah they wait for a new war chief to gater the horde together .
