  that figure is only for housing , clothing and food , basic things . 
  additional costs are not included , like health care , trainings , court & lawyer fees , activities and so on . 
  looks like / r/anime _ irl is leaking , nice . 
  no 150000 $ is what a pro refugee dokumentation of the ard said . 
  they stated the cost for the 2 years of education that the trainees were already at a cost of 100000 $ . 
  a regular education in a company lasts around 3 years , so 150000 $ . 
  be happy with the way you choose , maybe it gets you to tranquility . 
  maybe not . 
  but i will leave when i save enough , dont worry . 
  the re-qualification of a average syrian electrican to the level of a average german electrican costs a company around ~ 150000 $ . 
  also 60 % cancel the education themselfes . 
  as a regular mittelstand company there is no way to finance this . 
  the big companys dont need the workforce besides some few specialists just because of automation . 
  so the taxpayer have to pay . 
  1/2 of 1,5 mil * 150000 are 112500000000 . 
  thats a number with 12 digits , * only for education * . 
  with the cancellation rate around 60 % , you will have to spend almost twice the amount and without the warranty that they actually get a job . 
  thats just insane , like the whole thing in itself . 
  i ` am already saving money to get out of this insane country . 
  hopefully it will not implode within my lifetime , so i dont have to see germany collapse and suffer . 
  but is it really incompetence or did they do it with some sort of goal in mind ? 
  the eu will shrink again . 
  with the recent tensions between poland and the eu , the independence movenments like catalonia and others and the impact of brexit . 
  there will be some exits in the future as the ( world - ) economy cools down again and social cracks widen . 
  but all in all the eu will remain , just weaker . 
  after this shrinking period and if eu policy makers come closer to reality again , there will be a expansition period and this time more integration , but this is far in the future and of course connected to some ` ifs ' . 
  some nonviolent things like to show a banner on the brandenburger tor and other similar actions . 
  nothing really harmful . 
  as long as they do n't do violent stuff like the far left or the nsu i do n't see a problem here . 
  and these actions draw attention exactly where people should look . 
  as a german myself i do n't understand it either . 
  my theory is , the ` helping industry ' needs these migrants to have a purpose and a income so they are lobbying hard for it . 
  all those social workes , ngo economists and sociologists that graduate every year need something to do . 
  also a lot of aid organisations want a part of the cake , as it looks like pictures of ill black children dont generate enough income anymore . 
  of course the state pays also a lot more for housing of migrants than for natives without a job so that the real estate also profits off this . 
  but i 'm aware that there is more to it * ( like our nazi past and the silly ` white guilt ' thingy ) * and that this is only a theory . 
  i wonder where this is going , probably fun times ahead . 
  how long until its russian ? 
  if i remember correctly they recently increased the cm per hour advance . 
  btw . 
  it 's ok to protest , as in voice your opinion and demands in a loud and peaceful way . 
  even to blockade the hotels of the participating politicians in a peaceful way is also ok . 
  the police can deal with that . 
  if the trained german police need to deploy swat units to take control back . 
  shows that this was n't a protest . 
  it was a violent riot , with plundering , treating policemen with death and other shit going on . 
  that 's what the `` left '' is all about . 
  my view on them was never really positive but with this they lost all credit by me . 
  do n't understand me wrong the far right is n't better , [ rostock lichtenhagen ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/rostock-lichtenhagen_riots ) as a example . 
  looks like she could wrestle with putin and win . 
  unlike merkel . 
   dictator ship proudly presented by aida cruisers . 
  my way with words is n't good enough to find a meaningful designation . 
  the mistake was to assume that human rights apply to all people on this world , even if they do n't want them . 
  the ancient roman approach , human rights only for citizens , is more practicable . 
  the ideologies today also have this view that they apply to everyone and all societies , like religion . 
  this , both , does not work , the answers to problems in say botswana are vastly different to answers in thailand , even if the topic is the same . 
  people need to realize that , than we can find real answers to problems here . 
  because they are indeed oppressed recently . 
  but as i understand the issue its not done out of the blue . 
  they 're like scientology in the us . 
  pretty dangerous and sneaky and need to be fighted back at any posibility , otherwise it will turns out pretty bad for all . 
  even if erdogan an its goons are no better . 
  but my image of it consists of reddit comments and news articles , so i could be terribly wrong . 
  so now i want to see you in full body armor and exhausted by chasing shitheads , climbing over a steel fence the fastest way possible . 
  i 'm sure it will look funny if you even reach the fence . 
  lets write this in a strongly worded letter , this should do the trick . 
  we will show them !, 
  and dont forget to put the subsidy into the envelope . 
  haha , like harz4 , that , only renamed is handed to our new `` doctors and engineers '' . 
  and they recive that money without obligations . 
  as german you have to fullfill certain liabilities . 
  like to actively looking for a job , including proof , or they can put you in a obligatory training . 
  and if you dont attend , you get a reduction of harz4 , this can go to the point that you only recive foot stamps . 
  as a german without money you 're worth nothing to these bleeding hearts . 
  thankfully i myself have a work , but i know some that dont and how it is for them socially . 
  only citizens ... nice joke . 
  they can go home sooner and do not need to attend the g20 shitshow . 
  i think thats a plus . 
  and i 'm sure berlin will keep them busy , its berlin after all . 
  but that `` game '' is realty . 
  if you have bigger goals , something like to stop global warming or to stop people starving , you have to `` play '' it . 
  if not , you will achieve nothing and you will be on the mercy of the other powers . 
  dont fool you , you have to play , no matter if you want to or not , there is only the question which position you are in . 
  as if they profit from its position as a weak opposition . 
  so guess it continues to be a corrupt country . 
  even if you made some promising progress . 
  people must like to get robbed , to empower the thieves ... again . 
  but thank you for the reply . 
  only 10 % that 's not so much for such a important topic . 
  anyway , thanks for the insight . 
  this could be a chance for the anti-corruption movement . 
  i think it 's now the time to take over , or i 'm confusing something ? 
  this mob mentality you see a lot in the middle east and africa . 
  i do n't blame theresa may that she tried to avoid them , until they cool down . 
  and that the british queen is visiting a pre-selected group do n't makes it better . 
  you guys act as if may had set the building herself on fire . 
  i bet she did n't even had a say as the applying construction law passed your parliament . 
  and i wonder why this mob and the mob in the internet is n't casing the residents who set the building actually on fire . 
  yes she is hated a lot and i myself think most of her polices are utter nonsense and sometimes outright stupid .
