  but to use dead people as a excuse for a witch hunt is idiotic . 
  but agendas need to be pushed , is n't it ? 
  https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/rufnummernmitnahme#rufnummernmitnahme_bei_prepaid-vertr.c3.a4gen sorry only in german . 
  to sum it up , yes you can also port a prepaid number . 
  there have to be followed a slightly different proceed as by regular numbers . 
  but better ask someone with better english skills to translate the contract-german . 
  hey , your government worked hard for this . 
  and of course with the support of the average russian . 
  so enjoy it as long as it lasts . 
  bandwidth is good if there is 4g coverage otherwise you 're stuck with edge . 
  the coverage outside the city could be better . 
  they 're cheap and mostly only resellers so do not expect telekom coverage . 
  congstar is the telekom owned budget reseller , look them up if it has to be the telekom but it needs to be slightly cheaper . 
  google for winsim . 
  before you make a contract there , please look them up . 
  sometimes it is not the right provider for you . 
  habit is strong in germany , that 's why . 
  my dad is perfectly happy with 35 $ for 2gb , just because it 's the telekom . 
  i showed him my plan 9,99 $ for the same conditions , including monthly canceling . 
  but it 's not the telekom or vodafone so he stay with them . 
  he is 72 and not so much into tech . 
   the eu ideologues seem to miss that because they 're angry at britain and have cast britain as the enemy who now needs to be ousted . 
  at least here in germany i have the feeling that nobody is angry . 
  we just have no clue why you 're damaging your own trade respectively your own prosperity . 
  yes . 
  only the british can change their own negotating team , the eu has no say there . 
  so thats the way it is . 
  so you are borg ? 
  you do n't say ? 
  i wonder if this procrastination is intentional and continues to feb 2019 ? 
  nah its to show to others how really very faithful you are . 
  thats the entire point of religion . 
  you can even think about how hard you will be beating your kids with your buttplug when you come home . 
  even then its considered praying because , you know , others think how really very holy you 're praying . 
  but i 'm not permanently drunk , looks like this disqualify me as such . 
  the tgv have its own rail network besides the regular rails ( with leisurely plebian trains ) . 
  thats why they can drive safety that fast . 
  like a road , well build and maintained only for you . 
  and unlike the ice that drives almost that fast on the regular rails . 
  good , good , let the hate flow through you . 
  why ca n't our politicians be that entertaining ? 
  image merkel as leia and gabriel as chewbacca , hilarious . 
  the smiles of some of these faces are somewhat unsettling . 
   operated for two years they must be at least millionaires . 
  check next time the labeling of the yoghurt . 
  it 's stupid , not that he was gay and also not that he is honored posthumous . 
  but the marriage with a dead , it does n't make sense . 
  clam down . 
  if the internet makes you angry than you certainly have no other problems . 
  good for you . 
  guess you do n't fit his narrative . 
  if turkey drops out of nato and attacks greece afterwards article 5 would come to action . 
  i think a dropout would be not beneficial to greece but it would be safer than today . 
  looks a lot like something albert speer would have designed . 
  the blank and greyish stone walls , the evidently lack of ornamentation and the top to bottom red-white flag with a symbol in the middle . 
  the only thing that 's missing is a funny mustache , oh and some of my countrymen . 
  i do n't mean it offensive , it 's just a observation . 
   breaking various laws as if those bleeding hearts in my government will do anything . 
  at best they will blame estonia `` why they are not doing enough '' . 
  at worst they will just register the welfare shoppers here without to even try to force them back . 
  that 's the reality today . 
  and it sickens me . 
  no common sense anymore . 
  who cares ? 
  even if they where real people and not constructed by writers , they 're long dead . 
  just forget them and focus on the present . 
  what you are saying is : islam and greed is the problem . 
  yes , of course . 
  the world were always shaped like that , its just that you raised awardness to it around 1995 . 
  but the good thing is , as the world were always like that , you can rebuild your positive worldview just because only your own view need to change again , not the world . 
  i did not , and i 'm sure 99.9 % of all reddit users also did not do jack shit to destabilize the middle east . 
  you should grab your accusations and go a cemetery and throw them at the graves . 
  ugly . 
  i 'm sorry , but if it is n't a scenery like in blade runner or the fifth element skyscrapers always look ugly to me . 
  they sized a big chunk of ukraine and nobody did anything . 
  how do you think this will change in the future ? 
  first of all they , the russians , have nukes , second they have a lot natural resources and last but not least they 're a bigger market than ukraine . 
  i do n't see any eu country doing anything besides some self-defense and useless talking . 
  it 's a shitty situation the ukraine is in and i hope the people there will do well in the future . 
  that alien , set in stone , would be a cool tombstone for him . 
  they can get arrested , even if they need to be released afterwards , the situation would be under control . 
  so i blame the supervisor of them for not taking this de-escalation step . 
  ~ ~ they can get arrested , even if they need to be released afterwards , the situation would be under control . 
  so i blame the supervisor of them for not taking this de-escalation step . ~ ~ edit : sorry wrong comment for my reply . 
  they are only `` broke '' if they can get development aid , otherwise they 're well fed . 
  propably they do n't admire the murderer himself . 
  but they admire the power that murderers have/had over others . 
  and they propably transfer this feeling on themselfes to feel it by proxy , or something like that . 
  but its just a guess , a conlusion . 
  and its stupid and unnecessary and such persons need proper treatment . 
  is it the good old soviet style to protest one minor issue but really meaning the other big nobody-talks-about-thing ? 
  no shit . 
   like how low of a human can you be to take children , ... 
  if you slaughter and blackmail innocent too , you will be considered a prophet for more than 1400 years . 
  within german borders ? 
  of course . 
   also , `` logic '' is usually synonymous with whatever westerners believe at the time . 
  many terrible things were `` logic '' 50 years ago . 
  i have to tell you that the reason or logic behind the `` dont kill '' and `` dont force yourself on others '' is that you yourself , dont want to get killed and you yourself dont want someone to force himself on you . 
  one should not treat others in ways that one would not like to be treated .
