  you are correct . 
  but there is more to it like stubbornness . 
  stubborn politicians and activists who ca n't or are not able to rework their claims . 
  it changed not very much in kosovo . 
  this thing looks like a bunker and will obviously not burn . 
  only idiots try to burn something . 
  i bet it were some not very clever muslim youth that went on rampage . 
  yes i stated a wrong amount of wasted money ( and edited my post ) , this dosnt make the rest of my statement wrong or a lie . 
  right after the investment goes public , some of our politicans released a message that they will visit our troops in turkey . 
  the investment were indeet a fee , so no lies here . 
  nobody will be withdrawn . 
  the bundeswehr will invest ~ ~ 86mil ~ ~ 58mil $ into the base of incirlik in exchange for visiting rights of our politicians . 
  it 's a huge fucking joke . 
  * edit : wrong amount of wasted money , changed *, 
  there is really just one choice . 
  ethnicity can play a role in this decision but it must not . 
  socialization can also play role but it must also not . 
  one can think it as complicated as one want or just do what one feel . 
  gtfo . 
  to choose your loyalty is not so much about ethnicity , blood or socialization it 's more a inner feel who you relate to . 
  but indeed you have also valid points here . 
  i for myself would ask me who i would support in case of war between the two choices . 
  and if you say none of both than you do n't belong to not one of these countries . 
  if i remember correctly we had this prior to some law reforms . 
  but good that those changes can be reworked sometimes in the future . 
  maybe he/she should choose at 18 if he/she is loyal to germany or turkey . 
  its sad as thats today the only viable option to express your political opinion . 
  it proves that there is something truly wrong with the established parties or at least with their recent policies . 
  i had my fair share of such human behavior as kfor soldier . 
  besides that every one who looks unbiased into human history will come to this conclusion . 
  people also tend to forget that peace in europe is a relatively new occurrence . 
  history teachers us that this is human nature . 
  so yes ` no biggie ' . 
  yesterday a self-closing door hit my foot . 
  i wonder if daesh claims also responsibility for that . 
  dump them all on a overnight fly to french-guiana or somewhere to afrika . 
  as log as they are outside the eu nobody can do anything about it . 
  if the problem is absent the courts can rule all they want , it will change nothing . 
  hey that 's germany after all . 
  most of the time our politicians do n't have a clue what they are doing . 
  and that 's not meant in a funny way . 
  the only people in charge and knowing what needs to be done are the officials behind the scenes . 
  and they have to do what our ( clueless ) elected politicians say them . 
  yes , sadly , that 's how our government works . 
  keep your `` pan-slavism lead by russians '' - ideology to yourself . 
  and you mention it , ukrainian nationals , thats not russian business . 
  edit : sentence, 
   the borders of wwii are sacred , blessed by god , no one even dare to touch them , it 's blasphemy . 
  did you mention k\u00f6nigsberg ? 
  i heard you mention k\u00f6nigsberg . 
  i and a lot of germans are still silently salty about k\u00f6nigsberg . 
  but we are mature enough not to start a pointless war about it and to move on . 
  we try all possible and impossible , for a nation , not to stick in the past . 
  and it works . 
  yes as ukraine gets its indepency back odessa , crimea and donzek/luhansk regions were part of it . 
  deal with it and move on . 
   well , i can possibly say , every time russia is trying to create closer ties with `` the world '' , `` the world '' does stupid acts like odessa . 
  a honest question : what have the world done to russia in odessa ? 
  last time i checked odessa were ukrainian and had nothing to do with russia or little green men on vacation . 
   otherwise why would bmw , mercedes and vw all have assembly plants in the usa ? 
  well there are a couple of reasons . 
  the most imortant are propably its cheaper to transport parts than whole cars , also deals like selling permissions ( speak politics ) and of course adversing . 
  hey you are ready to kill people , i 'm not . 
  even if they 're disgusting pricks like these in calais . 
  and also they are not the problem , they are a symptom . 
  i think it 's possible to solve this problem without * deadly * violence . 
  our governments just need to get their heads out of their assholes . 
  there lies the real problem . 
   they should deploy the army and secure the area . 
  if you 're not willing to shoot deadly , you should not deploy soldiers to deal with crowds of people . 
  all this shit in calais should be dealt by the police and they exactly know how . 
  they just dont have a order to do so and this order will not be spocken out because of political correctness and such stuff . 
   he means real ( white ) ppl you 're a * bit * narrow minded it seems . 
  he ( u/getrectx ) means * our * people , native europeans . 
  but i can imagine why you are talking shit here , so dont bother to rethink . 
  if that 's the case then insurance fraud is possible . 
  form follows function , it 's a really good idea to dump nostalgia for usefulness . 
   we should be providing them ... no not really . 
  we owe them nothing . 
  its up to them to lift their standard of living in their homecountrys . 
  every time we try to help them their shit turns into more shit and suffering . 
  every time we dont try to help them their shit turns also into more shit and suffering . 
  so we should not care anymore and leave them alone to sort their own shit out . 
  just like our own ancestors had done this in europe before . 
  to let them all in and plug their butts full of money and wellfare will not help them to evolve . 
  and also it will not solve the problem , it just lowers our own standard of living and hollows and splits our society . 
  our home , our rules ? 
  it 's easy like that . 
  it 's not that they have agents and volunteers in germany it 's all about the amount of people participating . 
  not even the stasi ( former gdr agency ) had this much spies in west germany . 
  and the stasi were on par with kgb and cia in manpower and resources . 
  the good thing is , i 'm not a hipster . 
  i just enjoyed some ` dance ' , the electronic music and a few beers . 
   it 's not in italian waters . 
  they would have to get permission from libya or declare war . 
  nah , just enforce some action and deal with the consequences later . 
  russia and usa are doing that on a regular basis , why not italy too ? 
  the only time i enjoyed berlin were 1998 during a love parade . 
  all the other visits there i tryed to turn my back as fast as possible . 
  edit : word,
