sad but true . 
  no it will not , he soon will support a salafist sekt or a radical imam because ... islam , evil western citizens and so on . 
  when his children grow up they will join isis or some other islamist group and the story begins again . 
  these countrys these ` refugees ' are coming from are only stable until they are ruled by some violent uncompromising dictator . 
  there are no hope that these ` people ' understand ( and accept ) how our society works . 
  oh and for them there are no equality they see western males as unbeliever and our women as sluts , free to rape . 
  i do n't think they get it that there is a another way of thinking here . 
  the french muslim reactions of the charlie hebdo killings speaks for itself and that 's mostly the 2nd and 3th generation . 
  your hard working doctor are the very minority most of the ` refugees ' are just young males , normal workforce , not very educated and cultured . 
  throwing stones could be the ` normal ' reaction of them if they dislike something . 
  wall oft text but nothing said . 
  teargas is a humane way to stop masses from border crossing . 
  are you aware that every country have the right and the duty to protect their borders and if needed by lethal force ? 
  that teargas could be bullets or other lethal weapons . 
  be thankful that european countries are that peaceful not to use lethal force as first . 
  according to official numbers from [ german federal office for refugee and migration ] ( http://www.bamf.de ) only 30 % are from syria . 
  and i bet there are a significant number who have syrian papers forged to mimic a war fled refugee . 
  so most of them are illegally here in the eu or germany and should be deported asap . 
  leftists ignore the numbers and the concerns of the people . 
  they forcefully keep their agenda and ideology up , just like stubborn fanatics . 
  leftists do n't care about reason , they only follow their agenda and ideology . 
  even if they see it clearly that they are wrong , that probably encourage them to try even harder , just like all the stubborn fanatics out there . 
  yes . 
  and the sad thing is she managed to saw off every politician that potentially could replace her . 
  her cabinet is full of ` soldiers ' and not one ` general ' is there . 
  the best you can do is to force germany out of eu . 
  that 's also the case for most of these ` refugees ' . 
  most of them are from afghanistan , pakistan and central africa . 
  only a small minority of them are war fled refugees from syria , the major rest are economic migrants too . 
  tldr : poland are doing their part . 
  not germany , its merkel and her cabinet who are sitting there , waiting until the problem vanishes and doing noting useful as to burden their shit on us taxpayers and on the eu . 
  merkel is not a leader , she is just good at managing things . 
  and as a manger she ca n't be proactive she can only react ( or not ) . 
  but it seems the german people , we , want it that way . 
  we , or better most of us , are voting every time for her and thus noting changes . 
  he speaks only for himself . 
  source ? 
  look in your local newspaper . 
  or google the case of tugce , she is dead but her offender became a laughable punishment . 
  if you read carefully than its obviously that the whole organisation is for victims of crimes . 
  they will tell you that the legal system in germany is biased and unilaterally . 
  to say that someone is receiving his ` punishment ' is the same as you are laughing in the faces of these victims . 
  well , he will geht his moslem - , refugee - and brown skin bonus . 
  this will lead to probation , nothing more . 
  just ask the people of the ` weisser ring ' organisation they will tell you . 
  https://www.weisser-ring.de/internet/international/index.html ( scroll down for english ), 
  there are also others who see the russian mistakes in ukraine and are concerted about too much immigration . 
  like me . 
  too much unguided immigration in a short period of time can destroy a society and that 's the same that putin wants for ukraine . 
  do n't blame others if you are wrong . 
  most conspiracy theory 's are risen because people do n't get their facts straight . 
  this includes muslims , but they do n't give a shit about our opinion and continue to behead innocent or support these that doing that . 
  i do not want those people in my country . 
  if its necessary to vote for extreme rightwing people until our moderate politicians do something useful , then its the way to go . 
  france can take them to kourou in french-guayana . 
  this would be like australia 's way of dealing with the problem . 
  putin is the worst and all who follow him too . 
  end of this year there will be something like 400000 immigrants in germany alone . 
  now tell me all these people come out of thin air . 
  they usually arrive at greece , italy and spain . 
  even if its not 21000 per week it is significant more than 10000 per week until winter storms comes to the mediterranean sea . 
  my point is , the number per week is not that high but its high enough to be a problem for the eu . 
  this law is approved by generalissimo franco . 
  ^ sarcasm ^ is ^ intended . 
  which alice they are detecting ? 
  the all is good but blonde alice or the `` do n't get in my way , i know how to use a knife . '', 
  alice ? 
  i beat this with a burning thornbush in the middle of a desert + 10 % of a goat thrown into the bush . 
  look as far left until you see the right in russia . 
  yes , you see these with their nuclear dicks and violent puppet republics . 
  the nato may be a bit monolithic but its far better than this ( former ) red alternative . 
  to where ? 
  kourou maybe . 
  if our politicians do n't do noting to resolve this increasing migrant problem , people will try to ` resolve ' it by themselves . 
  if you ca n't prove that someone have committed a crime because the victim is too scared to get help or talk out then ` islamists win ' . 
  and that 's what they use to force their shit on other ethnic groups and to undermine our society . 
  it seems that you do not know what you are talking about . 
  ... and provide legal , highly controlled but possible ways of immigration . 
  not hate , frustration . 
  she does not lead she just manage the decay . 
  a leader would take action before a situation gets worse . 
  look at the greek-case , 5 years and she is waiting for someone like this comedian tsipras to do something . 
  on top of all we have no real alternatives here in germany . 
  it 's germany 's fault . \u2122, 
  yes merkel loves experiments but i think this is not one of these . 
  it looks like normal market reaction . 
  i feel old after reading this article ^ ( i 'm ^ 34 ) . 
  but its good to see that most of the younger generation are sharing my opinion of europe . 
  oh and the greek-case is only a small episode in eu-history . 
  i 'm sorry to say that , but it dosnt matter witch option you choose . 
  the offer was already withdrawn as tsipras stated that he wants an referendum to it . 
  so chose what you want hopefully it leads you and greece to a better feeling , at least . 
  enlighten me , what is so funny ? 
  i am wrong or is it the grammar ? 
  let others have a part of your eternal wisdom . 
  turkey hates kurdish people , not what i think but ok get it . 
  if they are already in syria why not wipe also is from the map ? 
  again i think kurdish fighters deserve honor as they are the only force who actively fights against is . 
  thats the reason how it started and what he said to his followers . 
  but short after the first victories and as everyone thougt he was a new sun tzu , he showed his side as megalomaniacal madman .
