  the german retail food market is one of the toughest in europe . 
  its very lucrative but you have to maintain high standards or very very low prices . 
  and if you fail there is always a better or cheaper market around the corner where cusomers will go . 
  i for myself have within 10 minutes walking range 5 stores and if something turns me down i will go next time to another store . 
  thats why the quality differs so much within europe , at least my personal opinion . 
   german government has no effective means to stop the influx . 
  our government are not even trying to stop the migrants or find solutions . 
  the infamous turkey-deal is also slowly falling apart and where initially just a cover-up for the accession negotiations through the backdoor . 
  you are right our politicans are either incapable or happy how things are going , so time to swap them out . 
  on paper it looks like a draw . 
  but in reality 2/3 of the german equipment is stored ( and rotting ) in depots and is not used because lack of trained personnel and spare parts . 
  just look at the case of a400m , the [ baainbw ] ( http://www.baainbw.de/portal/poc/baain?uri=ci%3abw.baain&amp;lg=en ) are already looking for [ alternatives ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/airbus-a400m-military-transport-plane-hits-more-trouble/a-19158917 ) . 
  that case is no exception . 
  yes it will destroy the eu just like the unification of brd and gdr . 
  keep clam man , if both sides austria and germany want this unification then there will be no problem and all will go well , we proved that 25 years ago . 
  overall its a bit too 2-dimensionsional ( for eu politics ) but other than that its a good way to fit human stupidity in numbers . 
  but people like to be more multidimensional so that the eu-political landscape is more like a [ multimodal distribution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multimodal_distribution ) and the political center is just this small consensus of all involved thinking directions . 
   how many nukes do you think are needed for deterrence ? 
  as many as you can get into your hands . 
  the good thing is she is not a dictator , the bad thing is people still vote for her because ` lesser evil ' and of course habit . 
  what about ... mmhm ... croatia ? 
  ... and still makes sense and can be used in conversation . 
  i thank the soviets and the allies for fightning facism in europe . 
  but i feel the need to clarify that after-war soviet-rule and this recent ` ruski-need-feel-stronk ' politics i 'm not thankful . 
  please stop that and come back to reason again . 
  amsterdam , berlin , burgas , split , porto, 
  you do not need to count on our government ( you shouldnt ) you can vote against palm oil . 
  * just dont buy * products who include palm oil and tell your friends and family to not buy these products too . 
  if enough people care about than the industry will automatically avoid palm oil . 
  there were a lot of fights between different maori tribes and also european settlers . 
  and around 96 % of the people are speaking english . 
  you had also a lot of violent fights to sort your problems out and even the most french-canadians are speaking english . 
  ok , let me start with china . 
  one kingdom overthrowing forcefully others , press its polity and language on them . 
  for a long time it was a empire , forcefully push its rules and culture on very different people . 
  under the hood there are different tribes and cultures but until today its a nationstate . 
  oh and new zealand is no different . 
  in reality its exactly the opposite . 
  if you look in history than you will see that you need a lot of exessive force to form a nationstate . 
  at first you have to surpress all our different languages and form a european language that are spoken by almost all of us . 
  common language , common identity , common feel to be part of a nation , and so on . 
  language is the key , because language also affect our ways of thinking and our empathy to others ( feel s/he is one of us ) . 
  all that is just the first step . 
  there are more to follow , like school-system , tax-system , institutions , europwide events and holidays and so on . 
  the current eu-thingy is designed to fail , its just the question when . 
  it will not work , because no nation in europe will give up their national identity . 
  if you and others have that dream of a united europe than it would be better to go back to the [ eec ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_economic_community ) and start from scratch . 
  thats exactly how it is meant to be . 
  and if you still go there to buy your stuff because its cheap , than it works as intented . 
   `` yeah , these guys are evil as shit , i will vote for them '' thats actually a better reason to vote for someone , as the usual reasons or to stay home and not vote at all . 
  that 's the spirit . 
  nah , do n't be ashamed of other people 's mistakes and hilarious wrongdoings . 
  better join the crowd and laugh your ass off for a good time . 
  no , not really . 
  but it 's the way it is . 
   and this is why belarus ~ ~ needs democracy ~ ~ ca n't have nice things !, 
  ftfy, 
  probably there are around 3,115,000 people involved . 
  true , but that 's trump we 're speaking about . 
  she most likely know how he behaves . 
  and if she is upset somehow she will payback this in the future . 
  she outperformed and outlived may like him , it 's basically her recipe to stay in power . 
  in negotiations everyone try to have the strongest stance , to dominate the opponent . 
  that 's what he is doing here . 
  i think she can endure his little games as she is long enough in power . 
  so if they get shit done let them do whatever they need to do . 
  this proper human interaction thingy is only for regular people like you and me . 
  to be fair , i do n't care if they shake hands or not , as long as they get shit done . 
  hell , they can refuse to be in the same country , if they want . 
  results matter . 
  is it the same plane that was [ intercepted ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijalftsn0ek ) by german eurofighters ? 
  no joke , there are serious initiatives to preserve gdr architecture in germany . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  ` filthy infidel money ' , probably . 
  in 50 years or so it will be classic chic , so be positive . 
  image you 're a passenger and you suddenly see a fully mounted eurofighter besides your plane . 
  honestly my adrenaline level would rise a bit . 
  war is always a option , this is europe after all . 
  * looks at russia *, 
  end of the occupation of crimea and donzek , yes . 
  but you will not want what comes after putin . 
  too many russians are now brainwashed as they could accept a moderate leader . 
  the next one will have to keep up the warmongering and ` strong talk ' to stay in power . 
  nah , we received some good profit out of this relationship too . 
  like the nato and a big wealthy market for our goods and other stuff . 
  but of course we were only the junior partner . 
  ha , yes . 
  pro common sense , pro use-your-own-brain and pro let everyone decide over their own fate including consequences and payoffs . 
  http://imgur.com/a/rtnom what does this make us ? 
  is it just like christmas ? 
  every year it accidentally shows up around the 24th december without someone to expect it . 
  or is this separation ` event ' something new ? 
  ` should be ' ? 
  that 's a international forum here and the submitting user is volunteering . 
  if you receive a translation than its their goodwill . 
  otherwise google has a service you can use or you can learn the language or you can move on to the next post . 
  that 's whatabouism , it does n't matter that the us has cities with no-go-zones . 
  the point is that europe 's lefties and sjw 's created such zones without the need to . 
  they did it to feel good , just like junkies that use dirty needles . 
  and they force the cost of all that on the community .
