  but they dont want our human rights they want their shitty sharia law . 
  human rights to people who want them . 
  self thinking and deciding hurts , eh ? 
  tell me why the ` west ' have to take action everytime if there are no western citizen involved ? 
  even their own people dont give a shit , so why should we ? 
  the opposite is also possible . 
  no one was aware of the momentum of the maidan and nobody outside suppose that it could change the country so mutch . 
  i think that the ukrainians can impress the rest of eastern europe . 
  war . 
  war never changes . 
  everyone knew that there was spying on eachother , the point is , it remained in the family ( eu ) . 
  the us , the russkies , brasilians and chinese are not even close to our family . 
  yes the us are somewhat related , but they dont need or deserve our help at spying . 
  franco would love this ... 
  i think the most of us dont see them as sub-humans , they have an another and almost incompatible culture . 
  thats the point why the most europeans dont want more of them to come here . 
  these of them that managed to come here should be integrated and assimilated first . 
  after that there will be room for more . 
  you could also say ` the rise of popolist left is an fault of the right ' . 
  to point your finger to someone and blame him isnt helping either and its the way popolism works . 
  10 % of 100 looks good , but 1 % of 100000 is even better , even if it looks very small . 
  percentages dont do anything without absolute numbers . 
  anyway , thanks for your effort !, 
  ... and then you shoot him and get some big war started ... ^ looks ^ like ^ a ^ plan . 
  not again serbia ... 
  no , not greece but tspiras and his comrades . 
  i think most of the normal greece citizens want to stay in europe . 
  the only thing i do not understand is why they voted for him , he is not better than the other greece politicans * and * he have no experience . 
  this cant be good for greece . 
  i 'm sure they alredy have become what they deserved , aka a nice bullet in their head . 
  sadly , religion in germany is slowly gaining strength again . 
  people try hard to forget the lessions from the so called ` aufkl\u00e4rung ' ( an movement of reason , secularity , rationality and humanist visions : http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/age_of_enlightenment ) . 
  ok they have a solar powered bulb and an usb . 
  yes . 
  good . 
  but where is the window ? 
  95 % done , ikea . 
  the moment they step out of the warzone they are refugees . 
  the moment they go further away they become ( economic ) migrants . 
  [ decide wisely . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhlxqyitz2q ), 
  german scientists are working on a [ solution ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/german-scientists-to-test-hiv-vaccine-on-humans/a-1116826 ) for that . 
   can it actually be worse ? 
  no clinic et all . 
  you are talking about voters but i 'm not talking about them . 
  the so called `` far-righters '' of today are in fact conservatives . 
  most of them have jobs and family and no time or will to blocade `` far-left '' events . 
  i 'm not talking on npd or neo-nazi groups ( the real far-righters ) , i 'm especially talking about afd , pegida and releated groups . 
  in contrast those antifa ( and close groups like the youth of die linke or die gr\u00fcnen ) are students or semi-professional demonstrators . 
  they have more time and will to blockade events they dislike . 
  thus they are more vocal and young people tend to be more impatient and agressive . 
  yes , because this will never gon na happen . 
  and no , because if you think further to group only similar economys in a currency will always be better than the today euro . 
  kick germany out of the euro , this would settle a lot of problems , not only currency releated ones . 
  why should we pay for the poverty in africa and the middle east ? 
  dont we aid these regions already for decades without any significant improvenment ? 
  and i wonder why african products ** have ** to compete on our markets ? 
  is this some sort of law or a deterministic principle ? 
  dont china buys already tonnes of food in africa ? 
  many questions , i 'm curious to read your answers . 
  you would be surprized how clever and foreseeing people are that have to think for themselfes and sort their own problems out . 
  i throught the bulgarians where the only axis-member who refused to send jews to the central european concentration camps . 
  but i could be wrong . 
  this reminds me of that eritrean ( khaled ) who get murdered last year in dresden within his flat . 
  there where `` protests '' and speeches and vigil and so on . 
  everybody was loosing their mind and even some dresen-citzens was calling dresden a swastica infestet nightmare . 
  turns out his comrade , also a eritrean , had killed him because he did not want to throw his waste outside in the bin , or idiotic shit like that . 
  link to the german wiki ( because pictures ) https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/todesfall_khaled_idris_bahray its the same as this sikh-temple bombing , as bad these things are . 
  its really not healthy for our society that such things get reguarly molested by leftists or other extermists and the avarage people fall for it . 
  its if reason get lost over time bit by bit , i feel bad for my country . 
  they have middleman who provide translation and other services . 
  sometimes these middleman rob their clients reguarly just because they can . 
  but most of the time it works , its stupid yes , but it works somehow for these migrants . 
  they can talk all day long , they are doing that and get paid for it all the time . 
  what really matters are the in fact done actions . 
  how many patrol-ships are and will be in action ? 
  what are they ( the ships ) doing with illegal migrants , smugglers and trafficers ( returning or importing ) ? 
  how they get national authorities to actually save their own ( and eu ) external borders ? 
  there are for sure more important questions , but we all know there will no real action implemented . 
  proof me wrong eu !, 
  in fact that 's why i stopped eating them here in my city . 
  just awful . 
  palpetine , is that you ? 
  yes , as a big player within eu , germany influences other countrys in the union . 
  but there are always two in this game , those who try to influence and these who allow to be influenced . 
  you see , only blaming germany for its use of soft power is biased . 
  just dont play the victim , do something . 
  you could call your deputy , write letters , start a ngo , write a referendum and there are for sure more ways to change things . 
  of course you can also sit at home , complain all day long and be happy how things are going . 
   polls show that only 25 % poles side with pis , and 45 % side with tribunal and opposition . 
  if that 's true than poland 's democracy is in better shape than here in germany . 
  at least you have a vocal opposition and some critical discourse within your society . 
  [ / r/panamapapers ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/panamapapers/ ), 
  the [ water ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boiling_frog ) is boiling already for some time and my fellow germans dont get the point . 
  they even shout that its not warm enough . 
  its a big difference between ignoring and acclaiming . 
  sad but true . 
  i think she is preparing things for her retirement , just like schr\u00f6der with ` north stream ' . 
  eliminate them and there is no problems anymore . 
  i 'm not sure if that is the whole story behind merkel 's recent political rampage but your points seemed to be almost correct .
