  check * appropriate for waving at welsh competitors at sporting events ? 
  check * appropriate for waving at scottish competitors at sporting events ? 
  ummm . 
  sort of . 
  but be prepared to hear the old line about `` sure , they 're british when they win but scottish when they lose '' . 
  * appropriate for waving at northern irish competitors at sporting events ? 
  yes , but some prefer the irish tricolour , and the red hand flag is even more complicated ... * appropriate for waving at the english , welsh , scottish or northern irish football team games ? 
  i mean , it 's ok , but the individual flags are preferred . 
  whereas the english flag of st. george is almost solely associated with the english football team now . 
   iceland , for some reason iceland has the misfortune to sit at a vital strategic point controlling access between the atlantic and the north sea . 
  in 1940 , iceland was ruled by denmark and denmark had just fallen to the germans . 
  if germany were to garrison iceland , they could base ships , subs and aircraft there to reach into the atlantic and attack convoys as well as have bases at the north and south of the north sea . 
  otoh , if * we * could garrison iceland , we could base aircraft there to `` bottle up '' the kriegsmarine in the north sea and prevent surface raiders getting out into the atlantic as well as providing air cover for convoys . 
  iceland remained a hugely important strategic base in the cold war which is why the us maintained a large base there . 
  well , there was '' [ operation unthinkable ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_unthinkable ) '' , a plan to go straight into war against the ussr in 1945 . 
  but i mean - its literally the job of generals to come up with plans for every possible scenario , however unlikely they may seem . 
  i 'd be willing to bet that the uk currently has plans for invasions of ireland , france and denmark , plans to defend against an american invasion and so on . 
  at least , i hope they do . 
  nobody wants to be in a situation where something unexpected happens and the generals are all just standing around scratching their heads going `` i dunno . 
  we have n't got a plan for this ... '', 
  you may be right , i 've not really been following the whole saga, 
  thought we 'd retired indy as well now . 
  musically , god save the king/queen is a bit of a dirge and lyrically it does n't really say anything about britain . 
  that said , i ca n't think of anything that would be an improvement . 
  rule britannia is faintly ludicrous when our navy consists of two tugs and a rowboat ... 
  there 's quite a lot i wish we 'd never touched in the first place . 
  yeah , the sw chief is the one that vaguely does route 66 , is n't it ? 
  then there 's the coast starlight along the pacific coast . 
  and the famous city of new orleans from chicago to no . 
  yeah , absolutely . 
  florida 's pretty popular here with the various parks , new york for a special weekend break particularly for a pre-christmas shopping trip . 
  personally i 'd love to do one of the great amtrak routes , the california zephyr or the empire builder , but even if i had the money , i 'm disinclined to go to the us under the current administration . 
  if you want to know about an english person , ask them which supermarker they shop at and what they drive . 
  i 'll recommend a book called `` watching the english '' by kate fox . 
  obviously it 's about the english specifically rather than europeans in general , but as a general rule for us ( as nicked from my previous post on the subject ) : * american `` politeness '' is concerned with including others , bringing them into the group . 
  this evolved in a large country populated by a huge number of disparate groups searching for some common ground . 
  * english `` politeness '' is concerned with respecting others ' needs for privacy , not forcing your presence on others . 
  this evolved in a small , crowded island where people are constantly all up in each others ' space . 
  when 's it called for ? 
  got a holiday booked in vienna in august , and i was there for the 1999 elections as well - hope i 'm not too much of a jinx ... 
  not the foggiest . 
  i 'm trying duolingo with swedish . 
  as i already speak german i 'm finding it reasonably good going at the moment . 
  if i find it works well for me , i 'll try something like polish which is n't germanic or romance . 
  back in the late 70s , there was a book - * the third world war * by general john hackett and others - that finished by outlining how europe was reorganised after the fictional war in question . 
  i 'm not typing the whole damn thing out again , but the gist of it was that every european had a triple nationality : belonging to the eu on a general broad level and paying a federal tax towards stuff like defence , science funding and what not . 
  at a local level they paid their community taxes to get the bins emptied and the streets repaved . 
  and then in the middle was a sort of `` cultural nationality '' which received some taxes and/or federal funding to support broadcasting , art and cultural activities important to that nationality . 
  the thing with that culture though was that it was n't linked to your ancestry , or your residency - you just chose what culture you felt you belonged to , regardless of where you actually lived - much like ended up happening with ireland , where anyone born on the island can choose and irish or british passport ( or both iirc ) . 
  it 's not a detailed manifesto or anything but it 's an interesting idea - surely divorcing `` nationality '' from residency is a natural next step from the free movement of peoples principle . 
  i 've never been to the us , canada or australia/new zealand , which limits my options in that department somewhat . 
  i come from york and one little titbit i 've learned is that new york is n't actually named after the city of york but the duke of york ( later james ii ) in one of those bits of colonial sucking-up that helped get royal backing . 
  one place that was named after york was toronto , which was originally york , hence the royal york hotel ( the big monumental hotel next to the station ) and the historic fort york . 
  20 or so years ago just after the velvet divorce i remember having some tourist literature branded `` czechia '' but it never really caught on in english and seemed to die a death until recently . 
  i speak french and german so i can have a fair stab at reading the romance and germanic languages - spanish , italian , portuguese , romanian , dutch , scandinavian languages etc. 
  i do n't think i could understand them spoken though . 
  dutch maybe, 
  see also gibraltar and sikorski, 
  the [ england and wales census ] ( https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/culturalidentity/religion/articles/religioninenglandandwales2011/2012-12-11 ) expresses it in percentages : * no religion 25 % * christian 59 % * muslim 5 % * other 4 % * not stated 7 % the accompanying notes say that islam was the fastest growing category , up from 3 % to 4.8 % ( rounded to 5 above ) between 2001 and 2011 , and that there was an decrease in people describing themselves as christian and in increase in everything else . 
  i think that 's probably just because fewer people default these days to putting `` christian '' or `` c of e '' because that 's just what you put , is n't it ? 
  so yeah , it is n't happening any time soon . 
  * when visiting a traditional bar or `` pub '' , take a seat and wait for the staff to come and take your order . 
  remember that approaching the bar is only acceptable if you are a `` regular '' - if you are visiting you * must * sit until the staff come to you . 
  [ ( image of finn being hugged at bus stop ) ] ( http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/scandanaviaandtheworld/images/c/c4/finland.png/revision/latest?cb=20120812083244 ), 
  millions of [ chinese `` volunteers '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/people%27s_volunteer_army ) took part in the korean war on the northern side . 
  they turned the tide when the un had almost won the war in late 1950 and drove the un forces back down to the current dmz . 
  one of the most heroic stands in british army history occurred in this period at the [ battle of the imjin river ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_the_imjin_river ) . 
  now , the us never actually dropped bombs on china itself , but only because president truman sacked general macarthur precisely because macarthur wanted to . 
  in fact , macarthur was not only quite keen to use nukes , but made it pretty clear that while he would take the president 's wishes under advisement , he would make the decisions in korea , thank you very much . 
   probably really pedantic as a driver but for all tourists please note that pedestrians have priority on zebra crossings , please just walk and not wait for cars in the distance to drive all the way up to the crossing and stop , plus wait 5 seconds to make actually sure they can cross and the driver has n't randomly coincidentally stopped . 
  odd thing i 've found , though . 
  i was always brought up to at least wait to make sure the approaching car is stopping before stepping onto a zebra crossing . 
  whenever i did this in europe though , the driver would simply keep going , often making `` well ? 
  are you going or not ? '', 
  gestures . 
  so i learned to step straight out . 
  i tried that back home and nearly got mown down by a driver who was expecting me to stop and check ... 
   nfl 's grown slightly in the last few years it seems to come and go - i remember back in the 80s channel 4 started showing nfl highlights and all of a sudden it was really popular at school and you had to have a team you followed and some merchandise . 
  the 49ers , dolphins , giants and ( la ) raiders were the main ones that everyone followed , so being an awkward sod i picked the jets . 
  i would hazard norn iron has more in common with the republic than with much of gb, 
  and croatia , oddly . 
  goodly sized croat minority there , since 16th c or so ; invited in to repopulate after turkish wars . 
  croatian is still spoken in some villages and i particularly recall seeing the villages of deutsch tschantcshendorf and kroatisch tschantschendorf either side of the main road, 
  i always thought that standard french was based on the loire region , but i could be wrong . 
  standard english definitely is n't london though - it 's originally the dialect of the sort of triangle between london , oxford and cambridge i believe . 
  but it 's changed massively over the years , so it 's almost unrecognisable . 
  standard english is essentially regionless which is of course the point . 
  i think a few other commenters have hit on the problem we have in the uk . 
  this phrase `` non-sexualised nudity '' just does n't seem to be a recognised concept here . 
  a mere glimpse of a nipple or scrotum will scar the poor kiddies for life , fatally corrupt the minds of impressionable teenagers and lead them into evils such as masturbation and ( gasp ) homosexuality . 
  we like to think we 're not quite as prudish as the americans , and we tend not to whip ourselves into quite such a religious lather about things , but i suspect that if the janet jackson superbowl thing had happened here there would be just as much outrage . 
  iirc , that was indeed the case , to the extent that for nearly 40 years the government was housed in a series of adapted and `` temporary '' buildings such as the old teacher training college that became the parliament building . 
  eventually , it was decided that the government really needed a proper purpose-built government quarter , and it was finally finished early in 1989 ... 
  ooh , and if it 's open when you 're there ( it 's a bit irregular ) i love the [ cold war bunker ] ( http://www.english-heritage.org.uk/visit/places/york-cold-war-bunker/ ) as something a bit different . 
  depends what you 're into , really . 
  a walk around the city wall is good i the weather 's nice , and the national railway museum is more interesting than it sounds even if you 're not into trains per se . 
  the jorvik viking centre is reopening soon - it 's been closed since christmas 05 after severe flooding . 
  it 's a bit pricey , especially considering it 's a fixed time `` ride '' , but it 's a great experience , really immersive . 
  i know they 've spent a lot of money on the restoration , but details are being kept under wraps . 
  if you 're planning to do a load of museums and stuff , it 's worth looking at the york pass - it includes some things outside york too - though it really depends how much you 'll use it as it 's expensive up front .
