  same with you ? 
  for me it was mr surname in primary , sir in secondary and mostly first names at university . 
  i remember teaching in austria that it always came out as hefessa and fafessa instead ... 
  russia in general is one thing , russia during a football tournament while being identifiably an english fan is something else . 
  i do n't know where u/theofficialruar ate but in 2016 the top three at the fish & chip awards were : 1 . 
  simpson 's ( cheltenham , gloucestershire ) 2 . 
  kingfisher ( plympton , devon ) 3 . 
  the cod 's scallops ( wollaton , nottinghamshire ), 
  anything in / r/britishproblems , and much of / r/britishsuccess too . 
  i act in my spare time , so i 've handled a few deactivated genuine firearms as props ( currently a [ mk . 
  i guess i 'd be curious to actually fire a real gun , just for the experience , and i 've learned a few things about handling them realistically to be a better actor * , but it 's not something i 'm particularly enthusiastic about . 
  \\* the show 's armourer recounted one story about an actor who rested a shotgun 's stock * on top * of his shoulder , insisted that `` that 's how you hold a shotgun '' and refused to listen to anyone else ... 
  it exists , but it 's a bit of a minority thing . 
  for us i think there are a few things going on here : * as a culture , we tend not to be very demonstrative . 
  we tend not to want to make a fuss . 
  all this `` thank you for your service '' stuff feels a bit over the top to us . 
  * one of our great national myths ( along with england 's football team being a leading contender for any given trophy ) is that the british army is one of the best in the world . 
  small but highly trained and motivated . 
  * in recent years , there 's been a lot of overlap between flag-waving patriotism , a misty-eyed reverence for soldiers ( i knew someone who would always substitute the word `` heroes '' for `` soldiers '' in pretty much any context ) , ukip , brexit and general right-wingness . 
  not that everyone who flies the union jack and says good things about soldiers is a fascist by any means , but you get groups like britain first fundraising by having men in khaki bomber jackets standing on street corners selling armbands `` to support our troops '' . 
  * counter to that , there 's been a tendency for critics of the wars in iraq and afghanistan , particularly on the left , to present an alternative narrative - that far from being highly trained and professional , our army is a bunch of savage thugs gleefully committing atrocities , abusing prisoners and deliberately bombing schools and baby food factories . 
  this i think comes out of a combination of a long-standing left-wing pacifist tradition and wanting to make an obvious rejection of the previous bullet point . 
  * separating opinions on soldiering as a job and soldiers as people from opinions on the rights and wrongs of the campaign they have been sent on seems to be given lip service at best in many quarters . 
  * this politicisation over the iraq war in particular has then , as others have alluded to , spread into the poppy day question . 
  there 's an increasing divide between the `` right '' , who often quite aggressively police poppy wearing by public figures - whether individuals on twitter or the daily mail - and the `` left '' who make a point of visibly rejecting the poppy and wearing either none at all or a white `` peace '' poppy ( which implies that the traditional red poppy is pro-war ) . 
  the red poppy has become almost a `` right wing , establishment , pro-war '' symbol and the white a `` left wing , anti establishment , anti war '' symbol . 
  sub captain . 
  his uniform is in the heeresgeschichtliches museum in vienna . 
  see ? 
  we do n't know . 
  it 's like us and * dinner for one * , also known as `` that weird unfunny thing germans like watching at christmas '' . 
  i 've come across the phrase `` tante-emma-laden '' meaning sort of corner shops run by little old ladies . 
  emma 's never really been an `` old lady '' name in english though . 
  basque springs to mind . 
  or hungarian . 
  basque not related to anything else , hungarian to finnish/estonian and that 's about it . 
  it 's not just america , that . 
  the riots in london a few years ago , sparked by ( i forget exactly , but to do with race and police ) turned into a looting spree , and 1st may anticapitalist demos across europe frequently involve smashing up maccy d 's . 
  not excusing it , but it happens when people are frustrated , angry and feel powerless . 
  well , you go to a gp for an appointment and yes , the doctor has an office . 
  but a `` walk in clinic '' is one where you just rock up and take a number . 
  typically they 're run by nurses with maybe one doctor knocking around in case needed . 
  the idea is to take care of the stuff that 's neither serious enough to need a gp , nor urgent enough to go to casualty/a & e/the er . 
  so they dispense flu jabs , do sexual health stuff , strap up strains and sprains , clean up and dress minor wounds , that kind of thing . 
  in the uk , they 're becoming much rarer now as budgets are cut , and their functions are split between pharmacies , nurses within doctors ' surgeries , and a phone line . 
  thanks . 
  familiar with the concept , not heard it called that . 
  i think we tend to call it a `` walk in clinic '' which i guess is pretty much just the translation of `` ambulatory '' . 
  what 's an ambulatory ? 
  did n't he win eurovision once ? 
  some good suggestions here already - i love vienna and would heartily recommend it myself . 
  a few other recommendations you might want to consider too bearing in mind your comments . 
  in particular , if you want to spend time wandering and just exploring in a relaxed way , i 'd look at some of the smaller cities rather than the huge spread-out ones like paris , berlin or rome . 
  a smaller city sitting on a railway junction with lines in all directions is a good one . 
  lille - a nice northern french town , direct connections to paris , london , brussels/bruges/ghent , amsterdam and even cologne within day-trippable distance . 
  great food , great beer - in flemish/belgian rather than french culinary tradition . 
  copenhagen - beautiful city , relaxed pace of life , plenty of museums and galleries , easy day trips out into sweden ( lund is lovely ) , or into danish countryside , roskilde viking boats , helsingor ( hamlet 's elsinore ) . 
  gdansk - northern poland , baltic coast . 
  fascinating mixture of painstakingly rebuilt medieval city , prussian/german architecture ( some still with bullet holes ) communist-era blocks and modern buildings . 
  day trips out by boat to the coast at sopot , to castle of malbork , historic elblag . 
  even hire a car and drive into russia ( kaliningrad ) , though not sure of the border procedures . 
  verona . 
  if italy 's your bag but florence , venice and rome are a bit crowded and big , verona 's * gorgeous * , well connected on the milan-venice line going east-west and the florence - innsbruck line going north-south . 
  easy day trips all over the area , including venice , lake garda and bolzano and the brenner pass for some mountain air . 
  lucerne - switzerland has the reputation of being really expensive , but it does n't have to be if you are a bit careful . 
  lucerne is lovely in its own right , and if you get a swiss pass travel card ( you need to do this before you get there or at the airport ) you can have the freedom of the country . 
  mountains , lakes , art and museums , mostly untouched by war . 
  conversely , the other thing i 've noticed is that with a zebra crossing in the uk , you 're taught to wait and make sure the traffic has seen you/is stopping . 
  my experience in europe is that if you do that , the drivers will just keep going , often making `` well ? 
  are you going or not ? '', 
  gestures , as they 're expecting you to confirm your intent to cross by just stepping out . 
  leads to some long waits at crossings in europe and some hairy moments in the uk !, 
   schuddebuikjes bless you !, 
  speaking of which - almdudler . 
  i know it 's sold in belgium and possibly a couple of other places , but i really wish we could get it here ... 
  so basically the german version of sovereign citizens in the us ... 
  malt vinegar . 
  as an accompaniment to fried potato , very little comes close - but it does seem to be a british oddity ( and as such is seen in places like australia as well ) . 
   i guess middelfart is pretty funny too i think bill bryson referred to it as `` curiously specific '' ... 
  yeah , me too . 
  i think they turn up her voice higher in the mix too . 
  i like `` port coton '' a lot too . 
  that 's the one - though it 's a slightly different version on the cd . 
  a far amount of zaz , particularly her eponymous first ( ? ), 
  album . 
  also indila , mini world . 
  i love the german word `` durchfall '' = `` fall-through '' ... 
  and in the other direction , it took me a moment to realise what it meant in german - it was obvious from the context , but still surprising ... 
  from the dutch `` pappekak '' meaning `` soft shit '' , iirc, 
  york, 
  we have two universities * and * are a favoured stag and hen destination for most of the north of england , particularly geordieland . 
  yeah , that one sounds funny in english too . 
  fair cop . 
  though i seem to recall that we do n't rank too highly on per-capita consumption compared to the czechs and austrians - it 's just that rather than having a can of beer with lunch , and then another one in the evening , we wait and then have ten beers in two hours at the weekend and make a big mess everywhere . 
  german speakers , i seem to have come across the word `` schotte '' ( scot ) in the context of being thrifty , saving money . 
  i lived in austria for a bit and i definitely remember the cover of one of the news magazines leading an article about saving money with a picture of a chap in a kilt , orange wig and tartan hat looking delighted to be holding one schilling up to the camera , and the headline was something like `` sei spar-schotte '' . 
  the stereotype in england is that scots are misers ; frugal , mean and scrooge-like . 
  is the `` spar-schotte '' a more positive stereotype ? 
  smells like ptsd for teachers, 
  also reminds me of the rather splendid german phrase i learned once : `` saus nicht hin und her wie ein furz auf die gardinenstange '' - do n't run around like a fart on a curtain-pole .
