  from my hometown , then the glory that is [ york minster ] ( http://www.yorkshire.com/media/12686/york-minster-west-view.jpg ) is hard to beat . 
  for a `` foreign '' landmark - i 've always been a sucker for vienna , and i can never quite decide between the art-deco gorgeousness of the [ secession building ] ( https://www.wien.info/media/images/2178-secession-3to2.jpeg/image_gallery ) ( aka the golden cabbage ) and the [ riesenrad ] ( http://diepresse.com/images/uploads/b/c/0/4934592/the-riesenrad-landmark-is-pictured-in-vienna_1456512162789995.jpg ) because who does n't love a city whose most recognisable symbol is a funfair ? 
  i did . 
  and of course spreading it around everyone else too . 
  my former employer - and this is a large part if why they 're a * former * employer - backed this up by not only not paying sick pay even to full-time permanent staff of years ' seniority , but hauling you in for a disciplinary for having more than two instances of sickness in a rolling 12 month period . 
  the staff handbook took great pains to point out that if you were off with , say , flu and then broke your arm before you were due back in , that would count as two instances , even if they ran together . 
   it 's almost like poles copied german law without thinking why it is like this and how certain laws go together . 
  i mean , it 's entirely possible that 's exactly what happened - i 'm just reading a book about the history of the habsburgs and it mentions that when the empire broke up , successor states like czechoslovakia and yugoslavia often adopted laws and structures from the old austro-hungarian empire because that was just how things worked ... 
  yeah , it 's like that here in places too . 
  i 've never been anywhere you 're expected to stay late even if you have nothing to do , but that 's because i 've never been anywhere where there have been enough staff to do everything anyway . 
  the choice has always been between `` leave on time and have 8 hours of work undone '' and `` stay late and have 6 hours of work undone '' . 
  worse for me is the cult of never having a day off sick - struggling in whatever horrible infection you 've got , then boasting about how you 've * never * had a day off sick . 
  woman where i used to work would always pointedly and loudly ask `` have a nice day off ? '', 
  when anyone returned from a sick day . 
  that 's our shrove tuesday tradition . 
  we eat pancakes . 
  traditionally with sugar and lemon juice . 
  people of a certain age share [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wermgyqbxwc ) on facebook . 
  do n't say we do n't know how to have a good time . 
  i studied german at university and did my year abroad in oberwart , burgenland . 
  i can still do the accent a bit . 
  relevant username, 
  the weather 's really grotty here right now but i 'll see what i can rustle up from yorkshire . 
  will it wait till the weekend ? 
  there 's a steampunk festival on near me ... 
  a fair few , yes . 
  i mean , i work for a historic railway where some scenes for the first harry potter movie were shot , that still brings in a lot of visitors , and the same thing a bit further north at alnwick castle and durham cathedral , both of which provided hogwarts locations . 
  we also get a lot of local tv-based tourism , as the `` harry potter '' station is also where long-running 60s serial * heartbeat * was filmed . 
  i gather it also ran in scandinavia under the name `` return to aidensfield '' or similar , and we get a few swedish groups coming too . 
  just up the road is castle howard , location for * brideshead revisited * ( both the 70s tv series and the 2008 movie ) which again gets a lot of domestic tourism . 
  castle howard was also where taiwanese pop star jay chou had his wedding reception a couple of years back , which was massive news in mainland china too so we 're starting to get chinese groups making the trip out from york . 
  all fair points . 
  i suppose you hear a thing often enough on the internet , you get to think it 's a more widespread opinion than it really is , in the absence of knowing many actual americans ( and the ones i do know , by definition , are a bit more knowledgeable by dint of actually being in europe ... ), 
  a fair distinction - though just because something is n't discussed does n't mean it is n't an accepted fact . 
  i mean , say someone 's never given any thought to the matter at all , and then reads something or is told by someone that europe spends no money on defence and therefore can afford nice things . 
  they probably accept it as a fact and think no more of it . 
  i 've done that myself - for me it was an `` accepted fact '' that red army soldiers in ww2 had to go two to a rifle because there were n't enough guns to go round . 
  i 'd seen it in films , it seemed plausible , i had n't any particular reason to doubt it . 
  it seems to be an accepted fact in parts of america that the reason we europeans can afford things like universal healthcare or potentially a universal basic income is because we spend literally no money on defence , relying instead on america to come riding to the rescue . 
  we used to call it the former yugoslav republic of macedonia , fyrom ( pronounced `` fie-rom '' ) for short . 
  but i 've seen that a lot less recently in favour of just macedonia , so i think we 've possibly just decided that it 's too much of a mouthful . 
  fun fact , the expression originates from arthur balfour , future pm but at the time a bit of a nonentity , who was given a cabinet post by his uncle robert cecil , pm at the time . 
  so originally it had overtones of `` it 's not what you know it 's * who * you know '', 
  `` there 's lovely '' is a stereotypical welsh expression , fwiw . 
  i do love welsh accents , they tend to be very sing-song and melodic . 
  if you make it as far as austria , graz is lovely . 
  recently visited kortrijk in belgium which was very pleasant too . 
  sopron in hungary close to the austrian border . 
  rural denmark - we stayed in jelling which is tiny but used to be harald bluetooth 's capital . 
  hire a car and just potter around jutland for a day or two . 
  while you 're in the area , pop over into southern sweden and check out lund . 
  third this , i live here too !, 
  i see what you mean . 
  the problem is n't one of facts though , it 's one of perception . 
  an open border with an eu member state could be a problem because we 've all spent the last x years being told that the eu is the root of all evil , and that the only answer is to stop up all the loopholes and literally inspect every person coming in and out of the uk . 
  in the end , i 'm sure something will be figured out - but the initial question was whether there was an incentive for northern ireland to leave the uk and unite with ireland . 
  the answer is `` who knows '' but if the uk government were to decide ( however unlikely ) to put the barbed wire and guard towers back , then that would be a potential incentive . 
  there 's a real confusion of ideas about the eu and schengen and free movement of goods and people , about the difference between legal eu migration and illegal migration , between refugees and `` benefit tourists '' and terrorists . 
  i 'm sure in germany there are similar things happening too . 
   what uk and ireland have now , where you have to show your passport , but if you 're an eu citizen , you can stay . 
  you do n't though - the border is open for anyone to walk or drive across . 
  it 's not even marked in most places , bar road signs being in miles/km . 
  wikipedia reckons there are 300 crossings along its 310 mile length , without even thinking about yomping through the fields . 
   eu citizens could still easily enter the uk from the republic of ireland , but they could n't work or stay . 
  i mean , are there actually hardcore-brexiters who would try to stop people from the eu entering the uk as tourists or travelers ? 
  i always thought it was about immigration and those evil foreign people taking their jobs . 
  we seem to have moved on from intra-eu migration leading to poles and lithuanians taking british jobs to `` muslim immigrants from outside the eu flooding in across unguarded , undefended , uncontrolled borders '' . 
  to the extent that britain first have been doing facebook videos in polish , trying to get the polish community to join britain first in fighting the muslim menace . 
  now , because the uk is n't in schengen ( and neither is ireland iirc ) , the borders are n't unguarded , undefended or uncontrolled , but facts have had relatively little impact on perceptions . 
  like / u/bertolous i 'm not local but there are some `` interesting '' issues brought up by the brexit vote that i 've seen raised . 
  the answer to your question really is that until we know what `` brexit '' looks like , we wo n't know what the situation vis-a-vis the island of ireland is . 
  i do n't know how much of the history and background of it you know but in * really * broad brush strokes , the majority of the population of the island of ireland is catholic , and preferred independence from british rule . 
  however , within the counties which now constitute northern ireland , the majority of the population is protestant and preferred to remain part of the uk . 
  the division of ireland was supposed to be a compromise that would allow those areas which wanted to remain to do so , while allowing the majority to leave the uk . 
  however , there were a number of problems with this , most notably that many irish on both sides ( but most loudly on the catholic/independence side ) were unhappy that the island was divided at all . 
  organisations such as the irish republican army , which had begun as fighters for irish independence from the uk , regarded the existence of northern ireland under uk rule as `` unfinished business '' and maintained a campaign of insurgency against british rule that included attacks on both british/northern irish institutions such as police and army , but also ( particularly after the increase of tensions in the 1970s ) against civilian targets on the british mainland . 
  this in turn led to more repressive measures against the `` terrorists '' which led the catholic minority within ni to feel oppressed as a group , and the cycle continued . 
  massively simplified , but i 'm sure you get the gist . 
  what seems - for the last 20 years or so at least - to have largely stopped the violence is an agreement between the british and irish governments that ( again in broad strokes ) * opened the borders between the uk and ireland , allowing free movement , and dismantling british army bases and fortifications . 
  * allowed anyone from the island of ireland to freely choose irish or british citizenship ( or both , afaik ) . 
  now , the legal basis for this settlement is that both ireland and the uk are members of the eu and so there was a pre-existing framework for dismantling borders and allowing free movement and trade . 
  with the brexit vote , the following problems appear : * the uk and ireland would need to negotiate a new agreement which does n't make use of the eu framework . 
  this seems less of an issue because there is goodwill toward the agreement on both sides and no-one really wants to go back to the `` bad old days '' . 
  * more potentially problematic is the immigration issue . 
  the leave vote seems to have had a lot to do with the fears over the levels of migration to the eu , and the call to `` take back control of our borders '' . 
  so if the uk decides to shut down its borders and pull up the drawbridge , we 're back to barbed wire and guard posts dividing ireland - a state of affairs that will not go down well in many circles . 
  alternatively , if the uk keeps its agreements with ireland about open borders - that 's a massive hole in those borders we just voted to `` take control of '' and would be problematic domestically . 
  as you can tell it 's massively convoluted and very uncertain , and there does n't seem to be a good option ; we 've found a `` solution '' that seems to work so far and no-one really knows how it will be affected by what 's decided in london , brussels and dublin . 
  ah , like our [ cadbury mini rolls ] ( http://www.logo-designer.co/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/robot-food-logo-packaging-design-cadbury-mini-rolls-2.jpg ) . 
  we think of a swiss roll as looking more like [ this ] ( http://www.fnstatic.co.uk/images/content/recipe/raspberry-swiss-roll.jpg ) - though it can be made with chocolate , but white/jam is the default . 
  i came across russisch brot when i was in germany at some point and looked it up . 
  i think the suggestion was that it was invented by a russian baker in dresden , or at the `` russian bakery '' in dresden or something like that . 
  what is it ? 
  chocolate part ? 
  which makes sense because minnesota was quite heavily settled by scandinavians iirc, 
  it was . 
  sorry , rubber band/ropey entirely unintentional `` pun '', 
   wrapping a green blanket around the eiffel tower and calling it the largest christmas tree in town that actually sounds pretty awesome, 
  probably less so these days but they used to be called `` rubber band cars '' because of the ropey ones that were around in the 70s , and there was a major stigma that they were only for old grannies and people who could ` nt drive properly . 
  in the uk you can pass on an automatic but then you can only drive automatics .
