polls by greek companies are always really off ( and always in favor or nd-pasok-potami ) . 
  as of now most of them show that there is a 1 % gap between syriza and nd , which not the case at all , they only do it to polarize voters , so that maybe nd will win over some more right wing conservatives from other parties ( mostly golden dawn ) . 
  to back that up , just look up the polling companies ' predictions of the referendum we had a couple of months ago , every single one said it was 50/50 and it ended up being 61 % no . 
  greek commercials are usually along [ those ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrnkhcb7ooc ) lines and they usually air only during the summer and it 's beer or ouzo , and very rarely wine . 
  during the rest of the year we have translated commercials from imported stuff such as scotch . 
  i agree completely . 
  just a small correction , in greece , ministers are not elected , they are chosen by the prime minister , and assigned to each ministry by him . 
  for someone to be a minister , he does n't even need to be an elected mp , but in the case of varoufakis he is also an elected mp in athens . 
  i would argue that varoufakis does have a place in the goverment , but not in the negotiations . 
  he 's a great economist , i think most of us agree to that , but he 's a long way from being a good negotiator or politician , that 's why he has taken a step back , and let tsakalotos take the lead in the negotiations . 
  but i ca n't really blame him for not signing a deal yet , since all the proposal were non-sustainable and would crush the greek economy even more . 
   the first two because they are money hungry bastards , narcisists and they should just get lost that 's a kind of baseless accusation , do n't you think ? 
  if you understand german i highly recommend you watch [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rc3balhdkwg ) a very informative view of the negotiations . 
  that 's true . 
  there is a lot of shady shit happening in europe now but what i 'm saying is not illogical , even though i 'm being downvoted . 
  do you seriously think when the european leaders said a no vote means grexit ( apparently they changed their mind now ) they just did it to share their opinions ? 
  they all obviously had an ulterior motive , and that motive is to terrorize voters into a yes vote , so the syriza goverment resigns and a goverment of technocrats is assigned that will sign anything the institutions put on the table . 
  how is no one seeing this ? 
  this is n't an unreasonable explanation , it 's just facts . 
  europe 's leaders do n't want to have to deal with a leftist goverment that calls them on their shit . 
  there is a wind of change in europe 's politics , with `` alternative '' parties starting to take serious ground against the christian-democrats and socialists and a syriza success story will only accelerate that . 
  so they are trying to crush syriza to send a message , but with that they crush democracy . 
  i 'm not going to go into the great lengths i need to in order to explain why you 're wrong . 
  luckily other people have done so , so whenever you have the time , take a loot at the following : [ paul krugman 's latest blog post ] ( http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2015/06/29/the-awesome-gratuitousness-of-the-greek-crisis/?module=blogpost-title&amp;version=blog%20main&amp;contentcollection=opinion&amp;action=click&amp;pgtype=blogs&amp;region=body ) [ recent article by the wire ] ( http://wire.novaramedia.com/2015/06/in-defence-of-greece-6-myths-busted/ ) [ joseph stiglitz ' opinion on the matter ] ( http://time.com/3939621/stiglitz-greece/ ), 
  thanks for clearing that out . 
  no offence taken . 
  the help you are mentioning has brought a great depression to my country . 
  how could i possibly be thankful for that ? 
  if someone is an idiot that 's probably you , you 're extremely missinformed and you throw insults around without being familiar with the subject . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2011/dec/08/europe-working-hours ) and many other results of stastical institutions regarding the matter , i 'd say you , the thread and people you mentioned are wrong . 
  common people of any nation ? 
  no the institutions ? 
  absolutely yes . 
  i 'd vote tsipras over every other leader in parliarment as of now . 
  he 's not willing to comprimise because the institutions are forcing austerity , and he was n't voted in office to bring austerity . 
  i would n't call him a deceiving personality , most of his electoral promises are on pause until the negotiations end , and greece gets on a sustainable program . 
  in my opinion it 's a negotiation tactic . 
  they are trying to terrify voters to get their proposal passed . 
  but i think the result will still be a strong no . 
  juncker 's speech has been playing non-stop on greek tv for that reason , to get the voters to vote yes , but it 's not going to happen . 
  i do n't follow . 
  how are you to blame ? 
  and yes what juncker is reffering is ' t helping . 
  and mr. juncker is punishing the other greeks instead of the greeks . 
  syriza 's proposal is a first step towards that direction . 
  but for some reason the imf refuses to allow them to tax the rich and the casinos . 
  the thing is that the situation in was n't unsustainable because of the living standarts , but because of corrupt politicians buying fighter jets and the elite not paying a single euro in taxes . 
  well in that case i should just bow down to my european emperors and follow their endless and unmistaken wisdom ( * cough * imf * cough * ) to get serious , greece wo n't fall out of the euro , no one wants that , just look at what the leaders of the institutions and most eu ( and non-eu for that matter ) minsiters say . 
  they will find a solution , wether it will be more austerity , debt cut , parallel currencies , greece letting an island go to pay off the debt , or nothing of the above , is why all this is happening . 
  everyone wants the best possible deal for themselves , nothing more , nothing less . 
  the plans he signed on and is currently pushing to be signed by greece have totally destroyed the living standarts . 
  no thank you mr. juncker , i 'd rather have closed banks and the fear of leaving the euro than even more unemployment and higher vats than now . 
  you 're thinking of a different goverment ( new democracy ) . 
  syriza has no intentions to spend eu money on fighter jets or tv stations and they have no objections on close monitoring of any funds given to greece . 
   easiest way to quote is to select the part you want to quote then hit the reply button . 
  i learned something today . 
  if greece leaves the eu it would be brutal for everyone and that 's why it 's not going to happen . 
  it has been estimated that a grexit would cost germany nearly 57 billion euros and the average german 699 euros . 
  ( source : http://www.businessinsider.com/afp-weighing-the-costs-for-europe-if-greece-exits-the-euro-2015-1 ) it 's not a blank cheque if it puts and end to the crisis . 
  i am and have always been in reality . 
  the institutions on the other hand seem to live in a world where austerity is a god 's gift and solution to all our problems . 
  i would quote your comment but i do n't know how to do it , so i 'll just copy paste the part i want to quote . 
  `` if finance greece the other nations will ask for financing too . '', 
  this is the most fundamental problem the eurozone has . 
  when you make an attempt to share a currency with such vastly different economies ( greece-germany or whatever ) you are going to run into problems like this . 
  and unfortunately the ez structure has no mechanisms to deal with this kind of problems other than simply throwing loans at countries . 
  i agree that this a classic `` the only flaw to an otherwise perfect plan '' situation . 
  hopefully his goverment can work together with the institutions and put a deal on the table that is sustainable and final , and in due time puts greece back to growth . 
  the magic money you 're talking about will have to come from the eu , and that 's the harsh truth . 
  but it will have come to without austerity measures , because that 's an experiment that has repeatadly failed . 
  because we share the same currency and banks . 
  it would be a lot less damaging from every prespective for the ez ( and the eu altogether ) to help greece recover than letting greece leave the euro . 
  hopefully he does what he has promised , to end austerity in greece . 
  i understand that there are many voices in germany who are against bailing out greece , and the referendum would probably end up a strong no . 
  i am gon na answer with another metaphor . 
  a sick person goes to a doctor and asks for treatment . 
  the sick person has made many bad decisions in his life and he is now in need of life support . 
  the doctor says he 's going to provide that support and writes him a prescription that is supposed to help the patient recover . 
  after 5 years of taking the medication , the patient is no closer in getting better but he 's actually in a really worse condition than 5 years ago . 
  the doctor is just as responsible for this mess as the patient . 
  when the institutions were issuing those loans , they knew they were n't going to work the way it was intented . 
  but they went ahead and issued them anyway for reasons unknown to me . 
  i 'll take a medicide that tastes bad but it 's going to help me in the long run , but the programs are not that , and everyone who is familiar with basic economics knows that . 
  leaving the euro is a solution , but it 's a solution that 's is bad for all the parties involved . 
  signing a program that puts an end to all this and puts greece back in growth is the best possible scenario , but the institutions do n't want that , judging from their insane proposals . 
  ultimate humilation is being asked to sign third program when the previous ones turned greece into a country with more than 25 % unemployment and more than 50 % of the population living below the poverty line . 
  and worst of all , not only these programs have been disastrous to greece , but the do n't help the economy at all . 
  someone needs to put an end to this , and this guy is probably tsipras . 
  and even if the greek goverment signs another austerity program , we 're going to be here having the same discussion in a year or two , because this is a non-sustainable solution . 
  here are few of the headlines that aired a couple of days before the january elections . 
  http://www.pinc.gr/images/2015images/ekloges2015-pic2.jpg hopefully some other greek redditor can translate a few for you , but my previous comment summarizes them pretty well i think . 
  so their position neither towards yes nor no . 
  they are trying to turn the referendum into something bad , by saying that tsipras wants the greek citizens to take the responsibility for his own mistakes . 
  it 's usually along those lines : `` tsipras is a reckless gamblers who is destroying the country and wants greece outside of europe - you need to vote new democracy back in office ! '', 
  if you have the emotional maturity to not be terrified by them , sure go ahead . 
  but most greeks above 40 do n't have it . 
  to all the fellow greeks that browse this subreddit : i highly recommend you stay away from mainstream media until the referendum . 
  find the proposal , read it carefully and vote on your conscience . 
  do not let the corrupt greek media brainwash you and your families . 
  are you suggesting syriza does not want to stay in the eu ?
