  therefore the questions `` should we implement a financial transaction tax '' and `` should the government increase taxation '' are two separate questions . 
  my personal opinion is that we should prefer taxation on things that have complicated negative impacts which are not borne by the parties in the transaction ( negative externalities ) like pollution , health risks , carbon , consumption ( vat ) or ultra-high-speed trading than real income ( this means things like wages for real work and things like profit from selling goods ) . 
  i also think that governments around the world are facing the absolute need to reduce their public debt and that means both reducing spending and increasing the taxes coming in . 
  it would also help if the u.s. would refrain from invading and occupying any more nations ... but here in europe the military spending issue is different and more complicated . 
  many eu members are now supporting ( or not opposing ) a ftt , i only pay attention to austria where the dividing lines of support or not are completely unsurprising . 
  doubtless nations with captured regulatory bodies will continue to oppose it ... so that 's the uk and us . 
  ( who would then be the main `` competitors '' / markets where the most volatile trades will go ) if the eu implements an ftt and along with it an offset of some sort for companies doing business within the eu and engaged in legitimate hedging , a ftt will stabilize our markets and most likely push the most volatile non socially necessary trading overseas . 
  so those other markets will become more active and more volatile . 
  if it is eu wide and successful it 's probable that a number of smaller markets will follow suite to stabilize their markets . 
  ultimately then it becomes a competition within purely speculative high frequency traders and not corporations who , along with their primary business , engage somehow in the financial markets . 
  because some time ago they tried a poor implementation all by themselves and their financial industry pitched a collective hissy fit and moved some of their trading overseas . 
  honestly it is not an apples to apples comparison but it 's one that gets made every time the ftt gets brought up . 
  do n't forget the republican fixation on israel has to do with a wild apocalyptic mythology / faux theology which has the jews rebuilding the temple of solomon and touching off armageddon . 
  this culminates in all the jews being murdered and going to hell . 
  so i 'm not really sure israel qualifies for an exception for republican xenophobia and bigotry . 
  i 'd like to see substantial reform to eu which could lead to tighter integration but i do n't think that europe should be looking to emulate the u.s. as far as how to organize federal governance . 
  fwiw : i 'm a us expat living in europe . 
  all of this delaying and political posturing is going to drag all of us into recession . 
  and naturally the currently fashionable `` response '' to recession is more austerity for anyone outside of the top few percent . 
  we 're going to stupid our way into being failed states . 
  if by `` our '' you are referring to the uk , they were warned on their credit rating and there is plenty of austerity fever among the ruling class ... it 's just a matter of time given the present course of economic policy . 
  well , i wound up in austria because my employer closed the site i was working at in the states , so it is possible to arrange employment ahead of time but i think unlikely in the extreme . 
  i also got a `` key worker '' visa but now i understand that this is also more difficult to get than i had been aware of . 
  moreover speaking english natively but not having a masters in english or teaching is not a highly valued marketable skill in most of europe . 
  bottom line , as an immigrant with imperfect language and with skills which are not closely aligned with local business , i believe it is going to be hard to find a well-paying job outside of certain industries and positions ( like marketing in the semiconductor industry ) . 
  so those are the reasons why i think that most folks who are under educated and not not fluent in a few european languages need to prepare themselves to return to university for some time to get the skills that are needed in their new place of residence . 
  if you have recent college experience in the u.s. it will probably transfer to most universities in europe ... so i do n't think you are looking at 6-8 years of work as i am . 
  i think that there is a very , very real possibility that much of europe will slide into recession for 2012 . 
  additionally the new fascination with austerity means that everyone who does not make political contributions is going to see a decrease in government services . 
  i see changes in both the offices which handle immigration and the university . 
  you are looking for [ / r/iwantout ] ( / r/iwantout ) . 
  you need to speak the language spoken where you plan to go . 
  you do n't need to be fluent on day one ... but you need to have a plan to get from where you are to fluency and have been on it for some time . 
  ( this probably means going back to school ) . 
  you need to have a better education and a more valuable skill than many of the people who live in the place you are planning to move to or you will find it very , very difficult to find a job . 
  given that many places in the eu have a much better education system , this can be difficult . 
  this too , probably means going back to school . 
  eu is not a monolithic place . 
  there is huge variation and part of your success depends on finding the right place for your personality , skills , goals , etc. 
  i 'm an american expat and if i had it all to do again , i would have signed up for university on the first day i arrived ... even a if it were just 6 years of part time language and philosophy ( which , now that i am in early retirement is what i am doing ) . 
  that and replace nato with a european self defense force . 
  a protracted & painful recession . 
  reactionary politics : more austerity ( for the middle and lower classes only ) and growth of populist right-wing parties ... which in turn makes for a deeper and longer recession . 
  this is a false equivalence . 
  the eu zone is not sweden and none of the serious proposals for an eu zone financial transaction tax are the same as what was implemented in sweden . 
  a skillfully implemented ftt would be nearly transparent to most socially beneficial trading and risk hedging . 
  companies doing legitimate business in the eu would not have the strong incentives to exit the market as were created by the swedish ftt implementation . 
  as much as asian or bric markets might like to have the business that is currently going on in the eu zone , they almost certainly can not tollerate a substantial influx of the lest desirable , most volatile trading schemes currently being perpetrated in the west as they already are among the most volatile markets in the world . 
  what 's interesting is that paul krugman did not write that article and that fact is clearly stated at the top of his blog . 
  this make me wonder if these folks saying how clueless and distant paul krugman is have actually read the article . 
  as a poorly regulated market is exactly what created the fuel and then ignited the conflagration that is the 2008 financial crisis . 
  it 's pretty clear to me that market fundamentalism is holding the wellbeing of hundreds of millions of people hostage to the profit potential of a vanishingly tiny minority . 
  and moreover cadre of very wealthy , very powerful people saying we should squeeze everyone but them for the cash that we spent putting out this and the next fire . 
  had europe widely became the buyer of last resort of failing banks by nationalizing them , there could have been some devision of rescuing systems our society depends on while exacting the penalty of moral hazard by firing the upper management , withholding 100 % of bonuses , and wiping out holders of synthetic derivatives and shares . 
  had a management focused on eu wide systematic risk and health been in place since that time , sufficient unrolling of debt and other derivatives could have taken place such that substantial portions of those assets could be ready to be sold back into the private market . 
  had there be such an unraveling of the machinations of these financial institutions , the details of their fraudulent and criminal activities would have become more readily seen and understood . 
  this could have paved the way for criminal prosecutions and civil legal actions . 
  instead we wound up with what we have now , which is essentially everything we need to create another financial crises and less resources to mop up the fallout when it happens . 
  i can only speak as their next-door neighbor but from where i sit it appears that their reaction to the financial crisis was to elect a fairly right-wing / authoritarian government . 
  that government then got up all sorts of things under the name of fiscal security and national stability that are not really designed for fiscal security . 
  as far as i know hungary has not gone through elections where the guys who enacted all that media control stuff got voted out ... so yes i think it 's the same government . 
  but i should emphasize , i am not hungarian and do not live in hungary ... 
  i only watch them from a distance and wonder what similarities fidesz has with fp\u00d6 / bz\u00d6 . 
  it 's actually pretty interesting ... or perhaps i should say , i 'm having a fairly bad day and i feel better now that i am listening to it . 
  sachs has a lot of interesting insights , i just finished reading his book common wealth . 
  he also did an interview where he argues that essentially the european institutions ( which are supposed to be dealing with these difficulties ) are [ not functioning ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/video/2011/dec/06/jeffrey-sachs-the-institutions-of-europe-are-not-functioning-video ) . 
  yes , there are ways to implement a transaction tax which have benefits which outweigh downsides ( though perhaps those benefits are not the ones some folks might desire ) . 
  so i think it 's important to keep in mind these are modest tax schemes with comparatively modest goals . 
  i suppose i need to stress that in reality a given market does not really want every possible or existing business or every trade . 
  so that a business or trading scheme flees a market in response to reasonable regulations is not automatically a bad thing . 
  in fact if such a taxation scheme drove out the most worst players in the market it would be a benefit . 
  the least socially desirable and most volatility inducing trades , for example . 
  this would make room for the sort of trades we all want and need . 
  like firms who hedge on commodity futures markets for commodities they actually and honestly use . 
  yes , certain types always find away to subvert regulations . 
  this is something both libertarians and marxists agree on . 
  personally i do n't really find their common responses of therefore no rules or no corporations completely compelling . 
  though i would support a reformation of the corporate charter . 
  however , as violations of these regulations are almost universally not prosecuted it 's hard to make the claim that these violations are inherent to the real world and not due to the lack of actual upholding of law . 
  yes the u.k. was selfish in their actions . 
  however , that hardly makes them unique in this whole debacle . 
  * all * of the world leaders have acting in these ways . 
  also i think it 's way to early to start saying things like the u.k. having an advantage or not . 
  their economic policies are going to drive them into a recession and likely drag the rest of the eu down with them . 
  if there is any advantage to be had , trillions of euros of bad debt are going to have to be unrolled , acknowledged , and dealt with . 
  as far as i have been able to find out the general consensus is that large crudely designed and un-offset financial transaction taxes have negative qualities which do not overcome the positive aspects , while smaller more skillfully designed transaction taxes with offsets have less drawbacks and sufficient stabilizing effects ... 
  surely they are not going to generate enough revenue to solve the debt problems in any of these countries facing them there was a czech study a few years ago that which modeled a few of these transaction taxes which suggested that crude and relatively high taxes would have few benefits . 
  and it 's the modified proposals after that study that avoid those sorts of problems ( and interestingly are not the proposals that people against transaction taxation talk about ) . 
  obviously the more markets that implement such a tax the better , and outside of the largest markets there is likely a sort acceleration of adoption as truly destabilizing practices ( that are not all that socially beneficial ) flee for less regulated markets ... thereby making those smaller already volatile markets unacceptably volatile . 
  however , as everyone has observed the americans and the british are more or less completely subservient to their large financial institutions and so highly unlikely to go along with broad intra-market tax harmonization plans . 
  this is where the proposals have to get really skillful . 
  for example , if there was an eu zone wide financial tax , it would encourage some firms to leave europe for the less regulated markets in the uk , us , or japan . 
  if all the revenues from that tax went to lower the corporate tax rate with the requirement to be eligible these corporations had to do business in , be listed in , and do the bulk of their trading in that market . 
  this sort of offset will help keep businesses which happen to employ socially beneficial trading or hedging in the market while pushing the most socially useless most volatile schemes out of the market . 
  something which i do n't know is the dynamic of the smaller markets adopting such taxes first . 
  for example if asian markets adopted a small transaction tax would that force market manipulators to flee to other bric markets and cause sufficient instability there to push those markets to adopt similar taxes ... and start a cascade without the us and uk ... or perhaps before the us and uk , because faced with a world of more stable markets and a flood of destabilizing trading schemes entering their markets , it could that the us and uk markets would not be large enough to absorb that level of instability . 
  so once the americans and brits have exhausted all the other options , they might actually do the right thing . 
  after spending the last 18 months watching european leaders work in a way exactly oposite leaders are supposed to work , i am completely unsurprised . 
  a financial transaction tax , if implemented in most of the big markets , could go a long way in stabilizing markets . 
  once the tax has raised sufficient funds to repay what got spent during the financial collapse , there is no real reason it ca n't be revenue neutral either .
