  it 's an absolute certainty that in the last decade or so , the united states has completely abandoned any facade of moral high ground and as such lost any authority to speak about any other nations ' behavior or policies . 
  in particular it is clear that the united states currently has negligent , obstructive , contemptuous , undermining , vindictive , incompetent , and corrupt governance . 
  however , germany has its own debt and transparency problems and since this whole financial disaster started german politicians have been both seeking domestic political gain and a depressed euro by loudly criticizing nearly every other member of the european union but themselves . 
  at some point they are going to have to face up to the fact that they are the ones with most to lose ; they are the ones who profit most from the union ; and they stood with all the other eu nations and said nothing while corporations based in their country made arms sales and provided inappropriately easy credit to greece ( and to a lesser extent the other piigs ) contributing to the large debts . 
  when all this eu reform eventually takes place public spending by member states * must * not be the only thing that is talked about . 
  private debt , arms sales , irresponsible lending , and casinos masquerading as financial institutions also urgently need serious discussion about reform . 
   we 'll miss him that 's an alarming and ominous prediction . 
  i am an american expat living in europe . 
  i travel between switzerland and austria often and to germany and the u.s. less so . 
  none of the places i have traveled to in western/central europe for the past 3 years show visible signs of economic degradation or stagnation , especially when compared to what i see when i am in the united states . 
  just manufactured hysteria designed to sell those silver coins they 're peddling . 
  another thing that i find odd is that there is a large difference between the united states ' federal system and the current eu system and it 's like this is some sort of boolean option ... either like the u.s. or like the eu as it is now . 
  so why do some many journalists word it like it is a boolean change ? 
  i swear they are just trying to make a minor crisis in to a major one so that they can report that . 
  speaking as someone who lives in austria and watches news from germany from the outside i see things slightly differently :  she is reactive to public opinion , rather than proactive . 
  i read about other german politicians ( and austrians also actually ) goading public anger by false and misleading statements about this crisis , the state of the euro , and cost of supporting it . 
  so this creates a strange and unfortunate dynamic of merkel reacting opinion which is substantially manufactured political outrage . 
  i do not know enough about internal german politics but i suspect that this clamor is ginned up by the opposition . 
  meaning merkel is reactive to the political machinations of her opponents . 
  that makes me wonder if we all in europe are being held hostage by german opposition bent on taking advantage of this crisis to secure political gain over merkel and her party . 
  if that is the case , it bears uncomfortable similarity to the republicans and tea party in america . 
   for merkel , german politics supersedes the health of the eu and the eurozone at large . 
  i think this is related to the point you made which i just commented on . 
  i 've read solid analysis showing that germany profits most from the existence of the eu monetary union , that germany has the most to lose from the failure of the euro , that germany stands to gain the most from a successful crisis resolution . 
  but this analysis has been drowned out by all the other hand wringing , teeth gnashing , and clamor . 
  merkel & sarkozy both should be emphatically making the point that we all ( members / citizens / residents of the eu ) benefit from a successful crisis resolution . 
  that leads me to unfortunately agree with your conclusion ... which is frustrating . 
  one last point . 
  i think , with euro bonds and tighter fiscal union , we are setting ourselves up for an interesting tension between parties which have n't been spoken about very much . 
  i imagine if euro bonds / tighter fiscal union existed during 2002-2007 . 
  some eu periphery nations have gone into debt buying military hardware from corporations in eu member states . 
  so on one hand the germans & french corporations will want to sell a lot of things but on the other hand the german state might not be happy with the sort of debt that creates . 
  what would the euro fighter deals looked like with that sort of tension ? 
  what would have the greek arms buildup look like ? 
  what sort of tension would involvement in nato / american boondoggles create ? 
  ok , so this is somewhat different that what they were talking about a while back . 
  at one point i read an article about these sorts of ultra high speed shorts , it was an opinion piece and i had been thinking it was from pr\u00f6ll , but perhaps not . 
  i see austria has not joined in , that 's unsurprising . 
  as i understand that ban was on the most speculative least invested form of trading . 
  other forms of short selling are , as far as i know , unaffected . 
  other than not liking hypocrisy i do n't have an agenda . 
  i simply commented on the only part of the article that i thought was even vaguely controversial , as i said earlier the rest is obvious but disappointingly stymied . 
  however , i am amused by your pretentious faux civility . 
  steinbr\u00fcck is one of the more popular politicians in germany today . 
  asserting that he `` only able to sit on supervisory boards '' strains credibility to the breaking point . 
  even after he stopped being the finance minister he continued to make negative statements about other nations finance policy and to support harsh austerity measures on other countries , while pushing to avoid such policies within germany . 
  this is not something i just made up out of whole cloth , it was n't all that long ago when i was reading the local paper featuring pr\u00f6ll calling his comments unhelpful and counter productive and suggesting that he stop with negative comments about other countries . 
  i 've read similar comments from christoph leitl & jean-claude juncker . 
  peer steinbr\u00fcck needs to stop with this cynical manipulation of economic matters by way of inflammatory and negative comments about other countries . 
  exactly what i outlined : stop being a hypocrite . 
  my comment is directly related in the distance between what steinbr\u00fcck has been saying publicly and what is printed in the article you submitted . 
  the rest of this six point plan is obvious and if so many people in power did not have unspoken agendas , as steinbr\u00fcck has , we would be doing all this already . 
  peer steinbr\u00fcck is trying to have it both ways . 
  for ages he has been making apocalyptic statements in public , attempting to drive the value of the euro down to spur german exports . 
  while at the same time in private doing pursuing `` no stone unturned '' policies to support the euro and deal with the debt crisis . 
  perhaps he should just shut the hell up for six months and lets just get on with reforms we need to get done . 
  you are thinking of the tsa . 
  unless you ask the dea , who see such horrible consequences under every rock and in every corner . 
  also we have our own nasty privacy problems . 
  here in austria the report that austria was going to go along with the data retention laws was in the last half of the paper . 
  fiddling around the edges reform , further erosion of the middle class , and business as usual . 
  oh ... and a cadre of right-wingers using the uncertainty , fear , and doubt to agitate the easily manipulated . 
  i 'm having a hard time coming up with an explanation which does not begin with inexcusable political and diplomatic failure and end with `` so we 're going to restrict other people 's liberties '' . 
  i think you 've wildly misunderstood what wikileaks is . 
  as far as i have seen they make no claim on factuality of the document and only assert authenticity . 
  in a best case scenario an actual investigative journalist would then take this information as they would any primary source ... determine it 's factuality by finding a secondary sources to corroborate it . 
  also , it would be interesting to see an investigative journalist attempting to get wikileaks ( or similar ) to publish * inauthentic * documents . 
  as this is the only real claim wikileaks has made , i expect that you would have some difficulty simply * `` write a bunch of crap on msoft word , print it , scan it , create a pdf file , and submit it to wikileaks . 
  '' * and get them to publish it as authentic . 
  but i do n't know for sure , i 've never read an account of someone trying . 
  ( as i have for peer reviewed publication , as an example ), 
  it 's really disappointing that being incompetent and an assclown is not a reason to continually reelect him ... but having sex or even paying for having sex might be . 
  i 'm a bit late to the party but i 'd still like to have the euro flag ... please & thanks , 
  i recall that summer things being pretty busy and having some more tourists ( and being pretty damn hot ) but nothing like say the olympics , world cup , world series , or super bowl . 
  but i guess my main point was i feel like we have festivals or events all the time . 
  we 've got jazz , symphonies , opera , pop music shows , foreign movie festival , harvest , ( what i call dress like an austrian farmer day ) , christmas , may day , bmx trial championships ... all sorts of reasons to wander into the city center and spend an afternoon/evening ... and i have the impression the main difference in 2003 was that we had a bunch more banners proclaiming that culture capital business . 
  we do have a newish museum for modern arts ... but i do n't remember when exactly it was finished . 
  it 's possible that was built to coincide with 2003 . 
  ahh ... having written all of that i remember there is a nice museum in leoben which had some great shows of loaned exhibits that year ... easily 2 or 3 times what they normally have . 
  i live in graz , austria which was the european capital of culture in 2003 . 
  we had a lot of weird and some really nice art . 
  we had a few festivals which were not unlike the other festivals we have . 
  i went to the symphony a few more times that year , than i probably would have ... but in the end i wonder if it 's really worth what was spent . 
  perhaps another mutual defense organization could be formed . 
  one which was not simply signing up for being a client state in the american hegemony and did not envolve gigantic sovereign debt from endless military spending . 
  really . 
  yes . 
  columbia . 
  but if you are in europe or canada you can mail order seedlings . 
  it 's a slow growing perennial plant and it 's finicky . 
  so this is a multi-year project . 
  also you 'd need a full on orchard ( which i do n't have ) to supply a single cocaine consumer ... but i am completely not interested in power or rock cocaine . 
  so mostly they 're just bushy house plants that i dote on . 
  the last time i was in peru i spent a wonderful afternoon with a group of activists who run a small museum / shop dedicated to decriminalization of coca . 
  there are hundreds of products which could be using coca somewhere in the ingredient list . 
  these are under produced because they can not be exported . 
  i 've seen first hand the coca fields and ad-hock production shanties . 
  it 's glaringly obvious that any competent agriculturist could dramatically reduce environmental impact of coca agriculture and that this would happen nearly immediately upon decriminalization ... it 's the clandestine nature of the operation that motivates environmental damage . 
  lastly in my opinion the traditional method of coca consumption ( chewing the leaf with a bit of lime or ash ) is an all together superior experience as compared to powered cocaine or crack cocaine . 
  i 'm convinced important constituents are lost during the improvised chemical processing which goes on .
