sadly , this is not the case . 
  the far-right in america is obsessed with all things related nazi and wwii era germany . 
  the canard that they were all homosexuals was the reason the ss or sa were so fearsome and committed so many atrocities is recurring theme in those circles . 
  yes , we are all in this together . 
  but i do n't really have the confidence that our political leaders will finally come to a cooperative and logical solution ... nor something which is substantially different than those decisions and strategies which have come before . 
  i think there are too many perverse incentives in this process and that the needs & goals of the people who currently have the money and power are too far away from those of people who could be considered average european citizens . 
  so i expect so see : * continued indecision * continued delay * more `` muddling through '' * more bailouts for banks and more austerity for regular citizens * and of course the usual steady stream of revelations of grotesque mismanagement of byzantine financial machinations causing huge losses , occasionally of of public funds , which then must be covered by ordinary tax payers . 
  i do n't expect to see : * effective prosecution of the criminality that was going on in these financial institutions , and to some extent continues . 
  * regulations to change to exclude financial practices which , while perhaps was just inside the border of legality ( of the laws the financial institutions themselves lobbied to change ) , produced substantially negative social consequences . 
  * a move to put the burden of repaying these losses on those people and institutions who were and still are participants . 
  * tax policy to change from giving preferential treatment to businesses centered on financial transactions at the expense of businesses centered on real labor or individual citizens . 
  when these things happen in northern europe it means that it 's an absolutely necessary response to the normal ( and completely natural ) business cycle . 
  it 's only when those dirty and lazy people in southern europe cause these things to happen to themselves , in spite of best efforts and hard work on the part of the northern europeans , that such issues are worthy of an armed invasion . 
  also to be clear ... 
  i live in austria and [ we have absolutely zero financial hijinks here ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/schumpeter/2013/12/financial-scandals ) . 
  so said dirty & lazy europeans come from ** well south of here ** . 
  no it 's an attempt to get us to talk more about our own countries flagrant abuse of our own domestic laws instead of falling into a trap created created by focusing on the americans . 
  for us , no matter which european country we live in , i feel that it 's much more important to focus public outrage on domestic politicians & governments who are after all the ones who cooperate closely with the americans in this abusive & coercive industrial scale espionage ; who created `` espionage exchange programs '' with the americans , expressly designed to circumvent the domestic laws put into place to protect our freedoms ; and who are now playing this completely disingenuous game of feigning ignorance while using this news and the public outrage it generates as crude clubs to bash their own domestic political opponents . 
  edit : terrible morning grammar . 
  the articles ... they were all wrong . 
  still waiting for the anti-bnd protest . 
  well , reading the news about corruption and industrial scale surveillance ... in not all sure that 's all that different than possible futures we face now, 
  that 's because they are closely cooperating with the u.s. in this wholesale , industrialized surveillance programs . 
  if they go against the u.s. too vocally , they risk losing the stream of `` sanitized intel '' that they get from the u.s. 
  if they 're too successful at uncovering & publicizing all the programs which the u.s. is running and getting international treaties signed actually forbidding them , then their own programs are almost certainly going to come to light and they 'd almost certainly be against those same treaties . 
  therefore , the only sort of stand against this that is going to come from any european state , is from people who are either out of power or in the backbenches of the opposition party . 
  moreover , whatever weak-ass ` stand ' comes to pass , they 'll all be nebulous hot-air comments focused on american asshatery ( i.e. 
  using the controversy like a club to beat their political opponents with ) and not focus so much their own country 's involvement or their domestic programs running parallel to the american programs . 
  i 'm sure it is ... but it just happens to be in the form of close collaboration . 
  everyday, 
  i do n't know if it 's made it into the international news in english but the german language press has been reporting hints of this sort of thing for the decade or so that i have been paying attention . 
  i have a better idea : 1 . 
  the us ambassador to nato and the rest of the american dod can go fuck themselves . 
  the uk & the rest of europe exit from nato , stop being vassel states and close the american military bases in their territory , and form a common defence treaty organization made up of countries actually in europe . 
  stop wasting trillions of euros on unneeded military hardware . 
  argentina saw better lending conditions immediately after their default , despite the best efforts of various vulture capitalists . 
  none of the nations who have defaulted went through `` not being able to get loans for a decade '' . 
  again , there is no historical basis supporting your claims and plenty that refute it . 
  why so ? 
  no other default has caused such reactions . 
  there 's absolutely no historical precedent for your claims . 
  every other nation that has defaulted has found that after all the dust settled they had an easier time securing loans with much better lending conditions than they had before the default or would have had at that point , had they avoid defaulting . 
  why would greece be any different ? 
  i 'm an american and i live in graz . 
  i 'm absolutely not ignorant of the statistics and frankly you are wildly wrong . 
  there are more shootings and killings perpetrated by american law enforcement and state security agents than any other developed nation . 
  talk about disgusting ignorance , it 's * you * . 
  amazing ? 
  not at all . 
  it is absolutely consistent with police training and common practices . 
  the police do n't shoot people in an instant like they do in the u.s. 
  probably more so . 
  i know that this is worst thing that has happened in graz in the 15 or so years i 've been here . 
  i 'm really , really disappointed with the vote . 
  even more so with the lame rationalizations i 'm hearing . 
  actually the economist recently had an article about the growth of golf in the in wealthy arabian nations . 
  in the past decade i 've seen so many ideas , some of which were even pretty good semi fleshed out policy proposals , to proactively address this point without forcing a major series of treaty renegotiations . 
  unfortunately none of them ever achieve any sort of traction whatsoever . 
  it 's almost as if it 's not so much that any particular policies are politically untenable but rather that the fundamental idea of simply trying not to create second class states is what is politically untenable . 
  sort of like how in america the democratic national party took one look at what bernie sanders was campaigning on and decided that is was more important to defeat that than it was to defeat the lunacy of right-wing populism . 
  have no fear , * `` when the president does it , that means it 's legal '' * is coming soon . 
  flapping of the gums and contortions of the face . 
  around here they 're called `` eagles '' so that would be just perfect . 
  both these arguments have a lot more to do with euro union skepticism/contrarianism than they do with the specifics of a ftt . 
  i have not read about a mechanism which would send the revenues of a ftt directly to the eu but this sort of implementation detail is n't peculiar to a ftt or necessarily excluded by a ftt either . 
  so it 's possible , though unlikely , that after unpleasant back room dealing that such an arrangement could be made for any eu wide tax agreement , ftt included . 
  much the same can be said about other eu member states seeking a competitive advantage in respect to ireland and uk though complicated tax harmonization agreements . 
  these are not peculiar or excluded by a ftt . 
  on the other hand there 's an argument to be made that the uk and ireland sought competitive advantages in the form of regulatory practices loose to the point of bad faith and that these issues among the largest contributors to the financial crisis , which in turn caused the obvious costs and misery to all of the members of the eu . 
  well , currently there is no `` eu b\u00f6rse '' there are only national ones , like the ones in london or frankfurt and there is no `` eu tax collector '' or `` eu taxation '' . 
  in that sense the structure of the eu is very different than the structure of the federal government in america and the relationships between the eu nations and the eu ( and other eu nations ) is very different between us states and the federal government ( and other us states ) . 
  so it would take substantially different sorts of treaties in the eu to create those sorts things . 
  which complicates matters because it 's completely possible that a italian owned company having a division located in austria making money on the b\u00f6rse in frankfurt , london , and vienna . 
  ( i just described my bank , bank austria which is owned by unicredit spa ) . 
  also while the us is a transfer union ( states pay in to the federal government more or less than they receive from the federal government ) the eu is not . 
  so not only does the mechanism for collecting a broad , eu wide tax , and then redistributing back to member nations not exist , the idea does not already exist either . 
  however , eu governance does cost money to run and currently there are bidirectional payments going on in this regard ... so it 's not a completely novel setup . 
  having said all of that , in broad strokes a skillful ftt would be collected eu wide ( this probably means harmonized national fft tax rates collected by member nations ) with some sort of offset ( which is probably a harmonized lowering of business income tax levied by member states ) . 
  so the need for everything to be equal to prevent market distortion would be covered by harmonized tax rates and local collection ( where in the us the federal government could just do all of this in federal tax law and it would apply to all the states equally without the need for specific treaties or agreements ) . 
  i do n't know if you follow us politics or are interested in us governance but i think this issue highlights the difference in the structure of governance between the eu member states and the eu and the us states and the federal government ( which i find very interesting ) . 
  fwiw : china has a different structure altogether and is equally interesting . 
  is there something that you need clarified ? 
  `` captured '' as it refers to regulatory bodies is closer to `` enslavement '' and it means that such institutions are subservient ( slaves ) to the industries that they are supposed to be regulating . 
  so that any regulation that might be happening is weak , ineffective , useless , and designed to hide what is truly going on . 
  `` volatile '' in this case is not `` fl\u00fcchtig '' but `` schwankungsanf\u00e4llig '' ( i have never seen that word in a sentence ) as it refers to markets where the rate and magnitude of change in the market are far greater than normal or conditions would otherwise indicate . 
  so that 's `` higher frequency '' `` more unstable '' `` less predicable '' `` less rational '' `` less beneficial '' i am not an expert in austrian economics ( yet ) and i do not know how large or central the austrian financial sector is compared to our overall economy relative to similar metrics for the german economy . 
  nor am i an expert in austrian politics ... i 'm just an american expat living here . 
  however , my understanding of the austrian politicians stance on ftt is that it is based more on their ideological beliefs and how corrupt they are than it does from a sort of technocratic assessment of facts and metrics . 
  the prominent exception are maria fekter & andreas schieder but i have the impression that the media has concluded that both are ` too boring ' to be allowed to go on at length least they actually explain something important using long words which many people do n't understand . 
  about the exposure of austrian banks to risky loans in eastern europe : a ftt does not directly effect the ability or likelihood that private financial institutions will engage in stupid and risky transactions and i have not heard a serious proposal from any competent person which would . 
  however , one thing is certain : there is n't anything about the markets right now that is all that different than summer of 2008 , there is no technical reason that similarly unpleasant circumstance might come together now as they did then and cause similar catastrophic events . 
  more importantly neither germany or austria has the resources today to deal with such a hypothetical event as they did in the end of 2008 to 2009 . 
  this emphasizes the need in some folks minds to gather those resources . 
  however , some politicians have a sort of ideological / religious stance : no new , more , or different taxes . 
  no agreeing with anything having to do with the eu . 
  no taxing people who have enough money to bribe me . 
  no management or `` interference '' in the markets . 
  then conversely `` no taxing the poor '' `` tax the bastards that caused all this mess to begin with '' , etc. . . having said all of that , from a technical point of view a ftt does not need to be a large tax , it needs to be a broad tax . 
  nor does it necessarily mean that the government must earn more in tax revenue . 
  a skillful ftt could leave the government with as much taxes coming in as it had before ( or not ) .
