  all the really would need to be done is lower some other tax ( like the first bracket of the income of capital gains ) to an amount equal to the previous year 's revenue . 
  all of the `` serious '' alternatives i heard from those in power place brunt of austerity on the working class , which is going to push the whole of europe back into recession . 
  moreover they 're likely to put most of europe on a path of increased wealth & income disparity ( along with all the societal problems that they create ) . 
  this in all probability cause long-term damage to both economy and the society of all the eu nations . 
  sure financial transaction taxes are not magical cure alls . 
  however , it obvious that the entire eu leadership is refusing to engage in actual leadership . 
  europe does n't need large and dramatic reforms , it needs minor reforms implemented skillfully . 
  tax reform which shifts a few percent of the taxes collected and exacts the cost of financial collapse on the sector that caused it is one of those reforms . 
  here in austria i have noticed that i am one of the few people in my social circle who seems to bring the topic up . 
  in discussions i 've heard a few comments which i found either interesting or disastrously misguided . 
  * this is a banking problem created by bankers and politicians , they must be the ones that solve it and i will be damned if i am going to pay for the solution . 
  * we 'd be better off without the euro and if it takes a european or world wide armageddon fine . 
  we will always have the deutschmark / schilling . 
  * you can alway count on the eu to do the right thing , after they 've exhausted all the other alternatives . 
  speaking as an american expat , this entire debacle has completely disabused me of the fantasy that the europeans were somehow able to face the challenges we all face with more skill and determination . 
  i now envision them ardently striding to surpass the united states congress as the most maliciously incompetent political system / legislative body in the free world . 
  i ca n't speak for the rest of the folks living in europe but i 'm not really welcoming the imf with their history of dysfunctional and extreme neo-liberal policies . 
  most of my friends are in `` core europe '' and are wealthy . 
  so in my circle the basic consensus is that the ows does not have any relevance to us and our lives in europe . 
  unfortunately this is demonstrable untrue . 
  just here in austria there has been a lot of coverage of corporations corrupting politicians ( complete with exchanges of plastic bags stuffed with money in back alleys ) . 
  furthermore the disparity of ceo pay , while not as extreme as in america , is on that trajectory and is apart from the pay raises the rest of us face . 
  and lastly there is evidence of malfeasance and incompetence of every description in austrian banks . 
  so it 's clear that we very much face difficulties of similar nature as in america , uk , or ireland . 
  the scale might be smaller but it still presents an unacceptable risk to our civil society . 
  i have n't really been paying attention but i am not aware of any large scale occupy movements in europe , the one in austria is / was tiny . 
  there have been similar protests in spain but i think the indignados predate ows . 
  instead what i see is highly fractured protest when small groups twig that they are going to be bearing the brunt of this newly fashionable austerity from their governments ... currently i think italian unions are waking up to this . 
  i feel that this is less effective as a unified european middle class protest could and must be . 
  certainly i think the most urgent issue is the rejection of failed neo-liberal economic theories which the old , wealthy , and powerful assert are as reliable as gravity . 
  winston churchill said that `` you can always count on americans to do the right thing - after they 've tried everything else . '' . 
  this pretty much sums up my thinking of all of the european leadership . 
  the discussion that is just now being discussed should have begun when lehman brothers collapsed and it became clear that business as usual had to change . 
  this idea that if the ecb engaged in any sort of quantitative easing `` then hitler '' is appallingly disingenuous and the apparent alternative , qe by way of character assassination of other eu member states , counterproductive . 
  the global market is dominated by nations who are manipulating their currency : the dollar , the pound , the swiss franc , the yuan , and the yen ... all are being manipulated to some degree . 
  at some point people , especially people in the status quo power structure , are going to have to acknowledge that some portions of the loans , bonds , and derivatives held by european banks are just not worth what the banks want everyone to think they are . 
  that the house of cards constructed of securities derived from synthetic debt obligation created wealth that is largely imaginary . 
  that if those in power go along with banks and push the burdens of these bad debts and recovery of imaginary profits on to the average citizens of the eu , instead of those actively participating in these financial machinations , it will change europe for the worse for generations ... it 's the anti-marshall plan ... and at the rate our leaders are going , we 'll all be dead before anything gets done . 
  i 'm an american expat living in europe and i have to say that this guy has got a lot of things right . 
  i 'm convinced that this is part of a `` long con '' to depress the value of the euro to bolster german exports and to pander to paranoia of the right-wing . 
  there is no way for anyone to become and then remain a `` staunch american ally '' ... this path always winds up devolving into a client state relationship . 
  which , if you look at it closely , winds up being far more expensive than anyone really acknowledges . 
  perhaps now someone will finally do a proper health impact study on these devices and actually publish it . 
  i live in austria and i have to say that from time to time i come across a disturbing sort of extreme right-wing thinking that i had hoped to leave behind when i left the united states . 
  there is a similar sort pandering and dog whistle politics that some politicians indulge in which is too seldom denounced or even acknowledged for what it is . 
  moreover , in the last elections where many people were dissatisfied with the political status quo , the right-wing extremist parties made significant gains on what was called a `` protest vote '' . 
  as there are more than a dozen political parties here in austria , it 's really hard for me to accept this `` protest vote '' as straightforward explanation . 
  all of this renewed fascination with neo-liberal policies like deregulation and austerity is going to both increase wealth desperately and push the whole of europe back into recession . 
  it 's not all about america, 
  given the rhetoric coming out of some of the politicians in austria and germany , this is totally unsurprising . 
  here in austria i have found it impossible to have any conversation at all on the subject because it gets stuck immediately on accusations that ordinary greeks are calling austrians and germans `` nazis '' . 
  which btw i have been unable to confirm and i would really like a greek 's input on . 
  i guess people are just not interested in having intellectually robust and nuanced opinions on these topics . 
  which is a shame because any fair understanding of this situation will suggest to you that the best possible solution with the most positive and equitable outcomes is going to leave everyone involved angry . 
  besides the explanations already offered , i think there is a solid argument to be made that the best possible deal for all parties is going to make everyone pretty angry . 
  if the government in greece is going to sign on to making that many people angry , perhaps they wanted some way to appear to absolve themselves . 
  also obviously they ca n't exactly agree to the deal with the rest of the europeans , take the cash , and then go to the people afterwards for a vote on it . 
  in any case it looks like the greek referendum is called off ... so now all of our politicians still have a chance to make things worse . 
  a financial transaction tax does not need to be very large to be effective . 
  it simply needs to be large enough dissuade trading for gambling 's sake but not so large it dissuades socially necessary business . 
  naturally , it 's more effective to implement a financial transaction tax in a way that it is harmonized across many markets . 
  however , it is possible to implement an excise tax on firms who do business in the economic area the ftt is operating in but do a majority of the speculative trading in a market with fewer regulations . 
  additionally the effected markets can use the revenues of the excise tax to lower corporate tax such that the overall policy is revenue neutral . 
  in this way the vast majority of businesses will see no substantial advantage of fleeing the regulated market for a much more volatile unregulated one . 
  though clearly some firms will increase their trading in such markets . 
  if the entire eu was to adopt a skillful ftt , the effect would be to shunt the most dangerous , volatile transactions towards other markets . 
  some the smaller markets in south america and east asia are already intolerably volatile , so the most logical step for them when faced with incoming highly volatile speculators is to investigate harmonizing their regulations with more stable markets , which in turn makes the ftt more effective and benefits all of us . 
  naturally there will always be markets who shun regulations in a bid to attract trading away from europe . 
  naturally there will always be firms who desire to speculate in frequent high frequency trading . 
  but this is no reason to prevent the eu from implementing a ftt ( but it is a reason to put effort into making sure it is well designed and optimized ) . 
  as far as sweden goes , my understanding of sweden 's dealing with the last financial crisis is that while they were severely effected , they were less severely effected that less regulated markets . 
  furthermore their response was more effective , created a softer landing , and a broader base for recovery than these less regulated markets . 
  perhaps it 's not perfect to be out front with a ftt . 
  and perhaps the initial implementation in sweden was not perfect . 
  but it 's clear to me that if the rest of europe had pursued roughly similar policies around and following the collapse , the current debt crisis would be less severe and less urgent than it is today . 
  perhaps , given the strong need for reform in the piigs , that 's not an unqualified good thing ... but that 's another discussion . 
  and yes , there were quite a few countries making money hand over fist just prior to collapse but it hardly does us any good if it starts a conflagration like what we experienced and most of that money vaporizes in a flash . 
  lastly i want to emphasize that i am not advocating for a punitive tax . 
  nor the end of speculative trading . 
  nor chasing 100 % of speculators out of the european market . 
  i 'm advocating for a slight and smart readjustment of tax policy and regulation of financial markets . 
  there 's a lot to disagree with in this article . 
  a financial transaction tax would not only bring some increased stability to the markets , it would also be a small step in address the imbalance of most european tax policy ; which is over reliant on taxation on real income and consumption . 
  naturally it does not need to be a huge tax to be effective , a little bit will go a long way to help us all out . 
  moreover , it 's extremely difficult to argue against the regulation of sort the speculation which helped create the largest economic contraction in a generation . 
  if such speculation can be effectively regulated then they can not be permitted to exist . 
  also , another very important issue is the unacceptable status quo of the ratings agencies . 
  this is another serious problem with financial institution 's ecosystem which must be addressed if we are to have any future security and not repeat past self-inflicted catastrophes, 
  i was just looking at the [ corruption perceptions index ] ( http://www.transparency.org/policy_research/surveys_indices/cpi/2010/results ) from 2010 . 
  while it does n't show that the rest of the piigs are `` just as bad '' , it does show that corruption is a problem and needs to be taken more seriously than it generally is . 
  that and when there 's two billion people on the internet , there is no shortage of commentary that fits with a preconceived notion ... irrespective of validity . 
  if by abandoning the euro , greece was able to either avoid reformation of their economy or foist the cost of all of this on the bottom 75 % of the population ( or both ) , i think think it would be a disaster for greece . 
  which goes to explain why , if they are even allowed , such synthetic instruments need to be traded on open markets . 
  i would add that it is n't like all eu countries need to instantly convert all of their individually sovereign bonds to `` euro bonds '' or even hold a majority of their debt as such . 
  if only a few percent of the total eu debt was held it would provide the increased stability and unity we need ... while also allowing an outlet for higher interest single nation borrowing through the existing bond process . 
  that , in-turn , might create a mechanism to moderate excessive borrowing which the eu so far is demonstrably incapable of mustering . 
  as far as i can tell , they are perusing the least possible action to fix a deeply ingrained systematic problem , while some other people are making political points & advertising dollars by wildly exaggerating the fix . 
  still , the eu financial system does need reform . 
  it 's really unfortunate that such reform has to take place in this climate because i do n't think we 'll wind up making the best choices . 
  certainly , i do n't think a chain of least possible options is one of them .
