private industry is clearly better at it ... 
  i agree there is bad blood , but most of that stuff is n't in living memory for most of the population, 
  definitely swings both ways . 
  there were a lot of bombs coming out of ireland in living memory . 
  i 'm not very surprised tbh . 
  honestly , i like the overarching protection of eu law , but i do n't see anything that directly affects me aside from missing some friends for a year as they studied abroad, 
  i think it is showing winner vs looser , but with the inconsistent colours overall it is def confusing, 
  depends i suppose if it is foodstuffs ( given i live in the uk ) then i would probably go for the british as it travels less etc. 
  but in general german  british for physical products . 
  if someone offers you a product from germany , then one form a different country for the same price , you probably get the german one , maybe , a nordic country would win out , but in general , you take the german, 
  for me it was cyprus . 
  the situation there seems more tense than anywhere between the cypriots and the turks, 
  hahaha, 
  tesco not even close within the uk , that is what i thought, 
  i highly doubt tesco employs more people in the uk than the nhs . 
  maybe globally . 
  in the uk especially the nhs is forced to use ie , and that is a large amount of the workforce, 
  male and female forms, 
  but 25-29 , why is that the demographic , and why such potentially old data . 
  i 'm just not sure . 
  i guess 25-29 is a more fuckable age , maybe . 
  what an oddly specific map , 25-29 in 08 ... 
  my crusader kings 2 flash backs , they a flashing back :o, 
  carrot beats stick, 
  he is talking about buildings destroyed in the war, 
  go for it ... and you get a holiday to a uk mobile phone shop too !, 
  yeah i 've even seen it before : /, 
  they are interchangeable in conversation :( edit : just like uk and briton , even if they are indeed slightly different, 
  so it is , i always through holland = the netherlands and when i looked up the populations on hollands wikipedia was not that big compared to all of scandinavia . 
  your right then definetly, 
  yes , but whether they link a state like germany to the same values that germany has , and thus they adopt those values , is unlikely, 
  yeah we are similar , but holland is pretty small compared to germany or scandinavia as an entity to compare too . 
  well , they are just known for their japery with sheep , and as the place they normally film dr.who, 
  did n't drum and bass start in the uk ? 
  a lot , it seems, 
  `` an irishman , an englishman and scottsman ... '', 
  in the uk ( well england ) it is irish , english scottsman , with irish being the fool in australia it is australian , new zealander and english , with english being the fool, 
  it was good !, 
  people do n't ever refer to pizza as a pie in the uk that i know of, 
  yeah , suckers, 
  true true . 
  there are lots of programer jobs in england . 
  unless you are leaving a war torn home land that is petty standard , getting a bit home sick, 
  that 's fair , if i get really good service at a hair dressers or the taxi driver had to put up with some less than sober ramblings then they would get a tip, 
  agreed . 
  you only really tip or expect an included tip in a restaurant though . 
  i 'm talking about uk politicians , not italians, 
  they do n't say , i 'm a tax evader , do n't arrest me, 
  as many as those who openly flaunt there tax evasion, 
  how horrible, 
  no , i recon a lot of western european countries are n't to hot on the russians either, 
  alchoholism can very often stem from drinking wine , starts of as a galss every day with dinner , then two , then a bottle then , two bottles and be for you know it you are an alchoholic . 
  damn , that 's some screwed up politics, 
  from the article she `` used that money to sweeten some of the marseilles voters '' but it does n't say how . 
  why is there one in london :o, 
  yeah . 
  esspecially as they are n't that expensive in the grand scheme of things and have their benefits, 
  i was thinking more uk royals, 
  there is an advantage to the head of state being politically neutral though compared to an elected one . 
  yeah , similar with the uk monach . 
  if the queen visits australia or india or whatever it is an event that everyone can come and see and what not . 
  the equivelent for a manach-less country would be obama or an angela merkel who really want to spend their time actually governing not of some crowd please-er, 
  that sounds reasonable . 
  just seems like a lot, 
  46 % of people fail to get their 4 year degree in six years . 
  shit , i wonder what those figures are like for europe, 
  it has happened to me a few times . 
  but it was many years ago, 
  because it would be damn interesting to watch what happens !, 
  i 'm not sure why that helps make them a leading force in eu football compared to the uk though . 
  because ( arguably ) lower quality teams do better ? 
  uk/england ? 
  unless you are talking about national teams then yeah, 
  also yes, 
  same reason you want free rice, 
  i see, 
  step it up kajikistan, 
  how ? 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kibkoop4aye not exactly obama, 
  if you ca n't parse it then maybe you are american, 
  they might be going to the american man jew love box, 
  you sound like a terrible cheesy tv add, 
  well . 
  at least 4000 eu civil servants earn more than our pm too, 
  http://fistfulofeuros.net/afoe/more-like-colmar-on-thames/ like i said . 
  the article was wrong ... 
  yeah that article was wrong , they did some bad stats , and it is n't even close to 4th largest by a long shot, 
  or maybe because mali was under french colonial rule, 
  what do you mean blockade . 
  did germany dis-allow netflix from operating a business in germany ? 
  i would love something like this in the uk . 
  vigin often suck balls, 
  the survey is may 2011 . 
  more recent surveys have a slight positive swing i believe http://yougov.co.uk/news/2013/01/21/eu-vote-stay-40-leave-34/, 
  you might be surprised . 
  the uk had the commonwealth set up pre-eu which is part of the reason it did n't join initially, 
  yeah i remember my dad saying people were weirded out whenever he asked to borrow a car from someone in the uk ( he is from australia where that kind of thing is more common and also insured ) . 
  it might even be covered by insurance , but it certainly is n't at all common here, 
  quick tip , if you have to renew your license a lot in your country ( for a fee every 5 years or something ) . 
  come pass your test in the uk and it will last for 50 years or something ridiculous like that .
