  that is what you should do if you plan on going to australia where they have fairly expensive renewal fees fairly often . 
  insurance wise you are n't allowed to anyway ( unless you get some kind of special insurance i 've never heard of ), 
  even though i 'm personally pro uk-eu love , the uk should have an easy enough time negotiating free trade with india + canada because they are ex-colonies, 
  uk is probably a driving cultural force as to why india and canada want free trade agreements/seem likely to get them . 
  they are ex-colonies of britian . 
  or maybe it worked the other way round , it 's hard to tell with things that happened in history and all that, 
  vodafone had success partnering with verizon , t-mobile not so much . 
  in general vodafone are arseholes though so i dunno what that says, 
  since 18-25 numbers were too depressing, 
  thanks . 
  i acted too rashly it seems . 
  i also did n't have time to delve when i made the comment, 
  why do n't websites date there articles . 
  i read a similar article on the bbc and i want to know if this is repeat journalism or if the bbc copied these guys but i ca n't because there is no date . 
  as long as there allow virtual mobile networks on the large networks i 'm game . 
  vmn always seem to offer the best deals, 
  yes , but only a little . 
  the nutjob thing is way more a factor, 
  fuck his sisters * ftfy, 
  i doubt the uk will exit the eu . 
  will just try to fringe it as much as possible . 
  unfortunately the recent sukiness of the euro does n't give people in this county ( where we are fairly well off ) much love for getting way more involved . 
  personally i would like the uk to be more involved but most of the public are euro sceptic and staying in the eu ar all is the best i am hoping for right now, 
  uk here . 
  not a particularly english or religious ( we are `` jewish '' ) family . 
  on christmas eve we often just sit around and watch movies and get a take away . 
  i never remember anything specific at all . 
  the big event is definitely christmas day . 
  the whole family gathers for the day , eats lunch , chats then does whatever until we all gather and watch doctor who/walace and gromit, 
  dutch would look so sully on a map , like alaska for the usa, 
  think of the map !, 
  uk here . 
  we 'll just swallow `` southern '' ireland and call it a day . 
  i do n't particularly want them but it would look better on a map imo, 
  last one i would assume, 
  i 'd guess logarithmic , a 5 % pay increase really is n't huge ( do n't get me wrong no one would turn it down , but it turns 25k a year into 26.25 k , which is often going to be the same bracket of worth, 
  how though , the people choose to act according to the courts even though they have no actual authority, 
  look at the previous election result to see that it 's not such a strong hold, 
  this is hilarious , zebras look ridiculous , i 'm going to book a trip to the zoo . 
  preferential treatment of certain internet activities . 
  it 's exactly what the article is talking about, 
  happens in the uk , one mobile operator ( called three ) allowed access to skype and msn for free on all it 's pay as you go sim cards , had to pay for the rest of the internet though, 
  `` why is belgium threatened ? '', 
  i do n't know france , what the hell are you planning !, 
  cyprus : `` you tell me why am i split in two turkey '', 
  i get there is some progress in type c , if apple going to use it for the iphone then i see a lot of value in pushing for it ? 
  as if it 's a truly universal charging port i 'll be happy , as then i can be at any house any charge . 
  wait , they are changing the base mobile phone cable . 
  dammit i have like 30 of them : s, 
  what if you are wrong , and `` we '' can take them in . 
  we 're basically double shooting ourselves right now if that 's the case . 
  when was the last time a large country was destabilised by immigrants ? 
  why are n't we willing to look after them again ? 
  swedes do n't use the euro as their currency . 
  all right captain hindsight . 
  fact is when britain and france together tried to stop they germans they also failed ( in continental europe at least ) . 
  perhaps if they moved faster they would n't have lost to that degree . 
  perhaps they would have lost so much harder that we 'd all speak a lot more german than we do now . 
  either way these were decisions made by people who are all dead now , along with almost everyone else who was alive at the time too . 
  i do n't know what you think gb could have done . 
  germany was an unstoppable wrecking ball , both france , poland and more collapsed , france even with the help of gb , yet for some reason it 's britain 's fault . 
  that 's a casus belli if ever i saw one !, 
  that makes sense . 
  so i ca n't just blame tony blair then . 
  ah well, 
  huh , in my entire life britain has always bit a joke in eurovision ... 
  how is that prnounced , check-ia ? 
  depending on the other party yeah 16 is old enough ( when it 's a teacher or step-parent or something then not so much ), 
  4 ppl , 75 per head . 
  think 10-20-10 for courses + 35 for wine . 
  sounds pretty doable , though i personally would n't, 
  pretty much, 
  nah ireland is, 
  in the same way that an oil spill does yes ... 
  many jobs , and as such many people are employed doing just that !, 
  no they do n't ... 
  they absoultely do not . 
  a small self selecting group of people choose to move , a very small ( relative to overall population ) percentage see that huge population in bulgaria ( ~ 8 million people ) who are poor compared to britain , germany , france , italy e.t.c. 
  well bulgaria still has ~ 8 million people before and after joining the eu . 
  similar in poland and most of the other states . 
  do n't be so naive, 
  if there is one thing australia does n't have , is the ability to take in more people . 
  do the robots print money that pays pensions ? 
  how is it solved by automation, 
  but if they were able to make a better map app than google maps , they would n't be able to give/sell it inbuilt in the phone because it would use up too much space to have both it and google maps . 
  if here maps , or bing maps want to bundle with an android phone , they currently are n't able to solo , as google maps will always be there . 
  it 's unreasonable to require bing maps to also have a fully fledged suit of phone software including application market in order to compete and produce a map application, 
  hate ? 
  why hate ? 
  ireland ( and the uk ) has the advantage of having only 1 neighbour , who it gets on very very well with politically and socially , and some of the most distance . 
  from russia / middle east, 
  it may not be the case overall per constituency , but if you just considered the values of those that voted for you ( conservative voters ) then brexit wins by quite a bit i think, 
  so imports as in the cost you pay out to a foreign country ? 
  so if you buy from china for # 1 per item , and sell in the uk for # 3 per item , then gdp is increased by # 2 ( roughly ) ? 
  how so ? 
  good job prospects imo, 
  yeah , but as a learner it breaks the rules , as an is normally used before words starting with a vowel, 
  i know it makes no sense as european starts with an e , but it 's ' a european ' not ` an european ' the rest of your english was flawless , and you are still completely understandable regardless, 
  they forbid themselves , which is also the case for some muslim women, 
  is there a large open area though like in the picture of the school ?
