  france leaving does n't seem completely mad to me ( from a ` selfish ' french perspective ), 
  why would it make nato weaker , is she anti nato ? 
  edit : yes she is, 
  well over the last 5 years there was that suicide passanger plane thing . 
  so over the last 5 years the average may be higher . 
  yeah but a country would rather have +2 % a year every year than +7 % then -3 % then +7 , -3 etc. 
  consistency is valued, 
  at the same time , not being in one for 25 years is a massive success for poland , and the contrast is very visible, 
  any contraction is bad tbh, 
  uk + noway i think, 
  but being in the eu after leaving now is also just a huge unlikely outcome ( because of spains veto ) . 
  also it was just one of the talking points , there were.amy others , and the vote was not that close . 
  they literally voted to stay united ... 
  yeah but if you go back to before britain or the usa even existed as countries , there are fairly intelligible written english texts ( like shakespeares plays ) . 
  in general you are correct . 
  but english with a standard as a language has been around for a while . 
  because the language is english not british, 
  yeah . 
  thanks usa, 
  man the us flag looks so wrong with white lines at the top and bottom rather than red, 
  got ta have a bunch of flags !, 
  subjugated, 
  to be fair , it 's often not the english flag either , but the british . 
  i doubt it , as that would imply india is counted , and 2 % of india population even then would far far higher than british losses ( 5million people = 2 % of indias population . ), 
  same it true by that reasoning of almost all reasonably large economies . 
  edit : ok looks like i am wrong on this . 
  germany by contrast has 50 of gdp as exports ( and a similar looking number as imports ), 
  12.6 % of the usas gdp is bigger any eu country aside from france , uk or germany . 
  it 's absolutely massive, 
  why are these bets only from uk bookkeepers ? 
  no , it 's higher than 3000/4 = 750 euros a month, 
  uk , i thought i was on r/unitedkingdom for some reason, 
  do you work part time , that is less than minimum wage, 
  they do , it 's not easy to just move 13 billion around without everyone seeing, 
  castle -  cattle -  kettle is a language progression of sorts . 
  is it pronounced a bit like butch ? 
  that 's a word in english, 
  in fairness there are a lot of wonderful cities to visit all across europe . 
  i 'd put porto above several of the cities in the linked article though, 
  japan has n't improved in 20 years . 
  it 's not a contentious issue . 
  nope , not in the slightest , on sir-ee, 
  i hope never, 
  oh yeah , i do n't think there will be a war ( aside from maybe pakistan ) but there are border disputes with all of those countries aside from myanmar , which is in some turmoil itself which could spill into india, 
  there are border disputes with all of those countries aside from myanmar i belive . 
  potential war between pakistan/bangladesh/myanmar / afganistan/china . 
  there is n't a war . 
  but definitely do n't get into one . 
  it 's still a lot of people . 
  it 's still more valuable to have a low unemployment rate . 
  even if it 's achieved with emigration . 
  i think due to scotland unioning over england after the norman invasion , it makes more sense to blame the scots, 
  or , we can just blame the germans , as our queen descends from them !, 
  it also confuses things , as it makes scotland look non-complicit in all britains dirty past , which is definitely was, 
  it 's not britain without scotland :(, 
  yes i can, 
  with modern day gdp, 
  would n't be the most powerful country today if it reunited, 
  gdp today is less than the gdp of the usa, 
  i would assume it means lookup up and continually posting + emailing + harrasing someone online . 
  anything that is just looking surely ca n't reasonably even be proved , and additionally wo n't cause any damage to the stalkee ( unless it 's then brought to the real world , thus causing it to be regular stalking + harassment ), 
  probably like top 30 or so in the world . 
  which is decent given the 200 + countries, 
  britain is in the eu, 
  yeah , but basically no one has studied it at age 18 , like , at most 2 % i 'd guess, 
  or do you have to choose it ? 
  in my country you have to actively choose to study maths/physics at that level ( 16-18 ), 
  yeah , that 's not school maths for almost anyone i 've ever met ( uni maths really ), 
  nah , just a nod to natural selection against asthmatics, 
  it 's just something that 's easy to hate . 
  even though it 's effect is pretty minimal . 
  i 'm trying to think of a parallel , i guess it 's like losing # 5 . 
  it sucks , you ca n't really do much about it , and its effect is basically irrelevant . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/datablog/2015/nov/10/eu-migrants-on-benefits-separating-the-statistics-from-the-spin honestly though i 'm not a huge fan of that as a source . 
  i also do just think that people by and large do not move across the continent very often to get slightly more welfare, 
  seems like largely a non issue to me.a very small amount of people doing it, 
  man britain is gon na be pissed with thier war participation !, 
  generally positive i would say . 
  war time prime minister in a war that was hard fought and won . 
  unless you ww1 style field marshall haig it , you are going to be viewed positively, 
  what do you suppose should be done . 
  hand out potatoes over ireland now to people who 's parents were n't even directly effected as an apology ? 
  they literally acknowledge it at the time according to the information above ... 
  different times , and they also do get shit for it ... 
  the survey just shows that people do n't really understand percentages or large numbers . 
  given the average of 21 % there have got to be answers in the 30 % + bracket . 
  but i do n't think a single person in the uk thinks 1in 3 people are muslims . 
  yeah side from the wars they 've been besties, 
  i think it 's clear that everyone overestimates . 
  in japan , where there is a muslim every 1000 people if not less , they think they are 1 in 20 . 
  it 's such pointless useless data . 
  people do n't understand statistics , these surveys are always dumb . 
  show me any survey were average people actually predict small percentage values correct on social issues . 
  well there was a period in that time where portugal was in a union under spain , and britain has definetly did n't have an alliance with them , so not really true no, 
  eu imagrants are not allowed to vote though, 
  wrong world war i think, 
  yeah but then you are n't in the single market ... 
  yeah , and the world political landscape has changed a very large amount since the times when britain went imperialism all over everyone . 
  spain was doing such things as well , they have no moral high ground either, 
  i do n't see what the point is of the you thing above you sent me,
