  are you trying to convince me more speed accidents are less dangerous than high speeds ? 
  just like both gibraltar and britain were both part of the roman empire, 
  why ? 
  again , 1 hour in a city is much more dangerous than 1 hour on a motorway . 
  yeah like 300 years ago . 
  spain can also stfu when they have cities in the north african coast . 
  km driven is n't that great . 
  if you have a lot of city driving that is much more likely to cause accidents than on a motorway, 
  yes , if it was to access a service . 
  the times i see a cake or bottle of wine gifted is generally after the service is provided . 
  like after the doctor cures your illness , or at christmas for a bin man . 
  which is a bit different imo , though there is a line somewhere . 
  you would n't really go to the doctor and bring a cake in the hope of getting a better service, 
  not a basic service, 
  yeah , seems weird to think that people do it ... 
  i can believe that in the uk . 
  i 've never heard of anyone trying to bribe local councils for bin pick ups or school places etc, 
  the drink or the breakfast cereal, 
  not really, 
  always wanted a looming fear of annexation . 
  never got that in britain . 
  china was anything but a united country at the beginning of the japanese invasion . 
  it 's equvelent to confusing germany for europe, 
  sounds delicious, 
  you want like 95 % tea ( with boiling water ) , 5 % milk , maybe even less milk . 
  it 's just for a tiny amount of smoothness and cooling . 
  please do n't boil milk and add tea leaves, 
  just live near shops, 
  uht milk is for camping and throwing away, 
  as long as you do n't mind literally constant rain , then you 're golden, 
  that 's a shame, 
  then locked them in a year long approval process so they can only be outdated, 
  one of the big film companies are building a theme park in kent i think, 
  fair enough, 
  his point is that reducing military spending is n't cutting money for the everyman . 
  you can take it as a thinly veiled insult against the usa but it 's absolutly on topic as a supporting argument for his point more than political slamming, 
  from a uk perspective , we care that the next gen royals are n't total fuckwits in terms of insulting other cultures . 
  and other than that it 's like any state visit , just not a political one . 
  we are doing a decent job of keeping everyone employed , what are you talking about ? 
  something something war something something, 
  perhaps , though , if washington took a more dictatorial role as leader of the united states as opposed to successfully handing off power the story would be different . 
  it 's east to say in hindsight that usa was bound to do well , but history shows that success is n't guaranteed . 
  argentina was once nearly as prosperous as the usa per capita in the early 1900s , then later fell into disarray and is now far less relatively successful . 
  eh , i think the northern industrialised states probably would hold their own against the british . 
  it 's the western coast that was n't even the usa at that time that would probably have ended up british i 'd guess, 
  if southern us had succesfully seceded , then the european powers as well may have waged war against the north or south seperately too, 
  not true . 
  if the states had n't federated once becoming independent and instead wared among themselves like european states . 
  the usa could have fallen apart like grand columbia in south america . 
  only maybe if you 've been an independant country with no wars ravaging through you for 150 years and no signs of any coming too . 
  does n't mean they deserved france + uk, 
  all were part of ww1 and ww2, 
  microsoft do n't kill things quickly, 
  you can import more than your gdp if you export what you import, 
  hmm , i understand your point . 
  but as it 's an unobtainable goal ( as you also agree ) it serves no practical use . 
  i also still disagree that it 's better to just be killed quickly . 
  imagine if you had a kid and had the chance to watch them grow up , even if behind bars . 
  they might still visit you even !, 
  that alone could make life worth living . 
  yeah i was thinking they were crazy , but one can point them towards the ground with a shovel and watch the ensuing madness without much pointing at all . 
  is most certainly going to offer some level of deterrence , but the level it offers may not be worth implementing at all ( as 5 years is gon na stop almost everybody ) !, 
  it may even be backwards and costly in fact , whilst also being amoral too . 
  that sounds very much worse . 
  how can you be so sure , and then also deny any appeals from the accused !, 
  it does n't take much for a dirty cop / judge / prosecuter to tip the scales and there to be an additional murder now !, 
  but the death penalty is not a deterrent for you then ( and the same is true for almost everyone ), 
  if you reduce gdp enough then the reduction in defense spending will be a relative increase !, 
  but you , in your current state , as you are now , as a person would n't do it . 
  if you are doing it under duress ( criminal threat from others ) then you are n't liable for the crime anyway ... 
  i have no idea what you are talking about now, 
  you would typically sit on death row for many many years, 
  yeah , it 's kinda crazy how poor so much of the world is : /, 
  i 'd wager they are happier than those in death row . 
  but you would n't . 
  except the facts do n't back that up ... 
  yeah , but you were n't gon na do it anyway . 
  you would n't do it if the punishment was 5 years . 
  it 's easy to say that looking in . 
  but i do n't think many on death row would share the sentiment with you, 
  doom for poland/chekoslovakia + others = / = doom for europe . 
  show me the consistently peaceful part of the world that is bigger than a few villages . 
  us would n't have joined, 
  everything was always shit-show before the world wars as well . 
  even the us was involved in many wars prior to ww2 ( war of 1812 , mexican -- american war 1840s , second opium war 1850s , civil war 1860s , spanish american war 1890s , philipine american war 1890s-1900s ) . 
  there would n't be a generation for most of human history until after ww2 that had such peace !, 
  not exactly , many countries around the world call the uk whatever england was directly translated to in their language . 
  so a direct translation often wo n't see any difference between england as part of the uk , and england as the uk, 
  who ever needed poland ? 
  indeed . 
  it 's a mistake in war , not france or britain disrespecting poland . 
  if a british general losses a battle he could maybe have won , you do n't sit there and think britain are acting like malicious dickheads twords some other country . 
  of course they wanted to win that battle too !, 
  but they did sign up , and also hel thier end of the bargin by going to war with germany at no small cost . 
  ww2 was thought to be like ww1 at the time though . 
  sit there and hold the line , grinding germany into submission , as long term france and britain will win out ( in such a grind ) . 
  turns out that is n't how ww2 was fought , but who really would know at the time . 
  you have two options sir , no hope , or some hope ? 
  poland : i 'll take no hope please, 
  almost certainly the uk could have allied with germany and not fought against them .
