  you can talk about parliamentary representation all you want and shout it 's unfair . 
  but the results are plain to anyone that when a party with a single aim achieves that aim the it 's existence was a success . 
  assume then that south , east , north and west belfast become one constituency ( as you would want to quadruple the number people per constituency if you do that for mps ) . 
  now the north , west and east belfastians vote standard con and labour at 50/50 , you would have 2 labour and 2 conservative seats with pr stv , and south belfast and it 's local populace now has no representation at all in the new system . 
  edit : minor clarifications, 
  it 's possible to construct ridiculous hypothetical with any system ( i though the 26 % was con votes among voting population including non voters btw , which is a lesson on why you should explain a number you throw about like that ) . 
  in a pr stv system , south belfast would be so disunited in a larger constituency that they end up with no representation at all for their popular parties . 
  and be even worse that it is now . 
  what system would allow parties to not ignore areas of population though . 
  if anything it 's clear from the uk that the ` local ' aspect of elections is very powerful , through the success of the snp , and the two party argument from ukip , that two parties are n't entirely dominant . 
  so i just do n't really accept that argument ( in the uk , usa is worse imo due to how much of a swing a large state like florida is ) . 
  also do n't quote absolute numbers , it only seeks to confuse , saying 26 % when it 's actually more like 40 ( i think ) is needlessly disingenuous . 
  the argument holds regardless of that . 
  however , having a different representation system is better in what way with this , please explain , i do n't disagree , but i also would like to know what we should be doing . 
  much clearer , thank you !, 
  it 's not undemocratic . 
  it 's just less democratically efficient . 
  go see north korea for the results of an undemocratic regime . 
  i 'm for voting reform , but no need to actively lie to achieve it, 
  what do you mean when you say ` fits the general trend ' you did n't describe the trend just left me to infur it from a graph without and idea what . 
  am i seeing labour rise ? 
  con stable ? 
  snap stable ? 
  u kip fall ? 
  what is this so called general trend . 
  are you referring to other elections trends . 
  man i 'm confused, 
  croatia ca n't hope to compete with the us in content volume . 
  so they should be punished by being refused access to us media products ? 
  well none of them did with ukraine . 
  so the study kinda makes sense edit : looks like it 's nato , not eastern europe, 
  protectionist bs . 
  it 's not reasonable for a small country to produce media in the same volume as large countries . 
  the sea is for conquest and trade !, 
  free lunches for disadvantaged families are not being removed by the cons . 
  just now there will be also free breakfast , that is my understanding, 
  well , they offer free breakfast + existing free lunch system ( only for poorer families ) . 
  so i kinda think their policy is better than lab/lib dem . 
  if it is cheaper then so be it . 
  just because something is cheaper does n't make it worse . 
  edit : everytime i think of the arguments about such policies . 
  i always do n't understand who these people are that do n't want to feed the children ... 
  different tax and legal obligations from a german retailer compared to a czech one, 
  is germany cheaper than the uk , i always think supermarkets . 
  are pretty cut throat as well . 
  ` everyone else is stupid ' - esc, 
  you make no sense, 
  i kinda want to be french now ... 
  if you do n't have travel insurance though the airline would pay ( well they pay either but your travel insurance deals with that ), 
  the problem is everytime someone tries it they end up back with ms. 
  it 's not about the actual base sofware features but the support and trustworthiness from everyone else as well . 
  as a business or a consumer you all things remaining equal ( and likley more expensive too ) you will trust a company that uses microsoft products over any others, 
  i was saying kut gus tat , but that 's well wrong apparently . 
  whatever , i did n't even clock it was german . 
  sadly all i know about moldova are - it 's a shithole , even compared to other shitholes in europe - they make a lot of wine - a part of the country is an automous seperatist state, 
  they really seem to keep on strong there, 
  ( it 's a theresa may joke ), 
  200k jobs is a huge amount of jobs . 
  that 's like an entire city of employed people if not more ... 
  the previous uk general election was the real fuck up . 
  predicted a hung parliament by quite a bit . 
  and conservatives ended with a majority . 
  slang for brits . 
  not sure if it 's specifically english brits, 
  but how is that gay ? 
  confused : s, 
  everyone lost, 
  sure , but you ca n't then legally leave your house , continue yo use your phone line , use your water/gas/electricity . 
  so have fun with actually trying that, 
  do n't want to be part of the uk =\\ = want to be part of argentina . 
  different referendums for different things, 
  who is actually in support of argentina ? 
  aside from themselves . 
  nah , apparently it 's more like money made in luxembourg or ireland off of british coin, 
  would uk aic vs gdp include overseas tax haven territory 's like bermuda and isle of man etc. 
  as the would skew uk gdp downward if not i 'd have thought . 
  which may help explain it, 
  if aic exceeds gdp per capita is that like , debt fuled spending or something ? 
  are there lots of rules about how a property can be rented out , because it seems like someone could make a killing by starting a rental company in the netherlands that does n't charge an arm and a leg, 
  no one on a reasonable salary could rent anywhere in london with that rule, 
  [ we even have a holiday about it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guy_fawkes_night ) !, 
  like , money ? 
  ignore dirty non true arab yemani bastards, 
  wew , uk spends a lot . 
  dw , the uk took the real india , rather than this fake india shit, 
  there was no germeny, 
   rupert 's land it was named after prince rupert of the rhine , a nephew of charles i and the first governor of the hudson 's bay company from wikipedia, 
  fair i suppose . 
  it 's a pretty place to go on holiday that 's for sure, 
  irish americans should go back to ireland if they love it so much . 
  it 's not a shithole any more, 
  thank you . 
   services , which the uk excels in , not so much . 
  the uk has often tried to extend the single market to services , again to no avail . 
  even the supposedly less protectionist germans did n't like the idea as they wanted to protect their own uncompetetive service providers . 
  i 'm by no means trying to accuse you of lieing , but can you guve an example of this . 
  i would be very interested to read about it !, 
   sweden to declare war on portugal this also did n't happen for 200 years prior to the formation of the eu . 
  not sure why the eu would then get the credit, 
  i 'm of the same mind as you .
