  but no one is saying what should have been done . 
  your point is flawed . 
  if you do n't care either way , then you should n't be dragged into the remain camp, 
  what if belgium leaves the eu , what then mr llyods !, 
  i 'm not saying there were treated with respect , but aside from the roads the water the public health the education the public order the opertunity to travel blah blah . 
  people do n't see what they have , asking them does n't work other than to avoid my argument entirely . 
  if i ask you if you are happy you will easily come back with 10 things that will make you happier like every other human . 
  compare the opertunity and support an aborigonal in australia has now to one 300 years ago and by all measure the aborigonies have much advantage now available to them . 
  if you want to talk about general human happyness as the measure of success then we 're probably all better of being actual monkeys in a cult where we are brainwashed to be happy . 
  can you give a quick explanation/example of consideration . 
  i 've tried wikipedia but am strugling a bit . 
  edit : hmm , actually , i think i need the explanation of the system that does n't have consideration ... 
  that 's the key . 
  they use the bad bagguetes to do the smacking . 
  big on recycling those french are, 
  it 's complicated . 
  are the aborigines in australia better of now , or before britain colonised australia . 
  they 're certainly have a higher standard of living , access to healthcare , social services , schooling etc. 
  none of this would be available in virtually any form without colonisation , just look at somewhere like papua new guinea where people still live in tribes . 
  but no one would sit back and say the australian aborigines had fair treatment . 
  so you tell me what is better ? 
  sounds like it does n't remain unclear to you at all based on your comment, 
  and you do the same !, 
  its been so deep for so long though that your theory does n't hold, 
  possibly . 
  i doubt it will happen for 50 years unless the uk does something completely mental ( no leaving the eu is n't completely mental , just a bit dumb ), 
  personally i 'm pro an esperanto like construction more than anything but there is no will for that these days, 
  it definetly could ( hurt more than having a hard border , as ireland , both the northern part and the roi part become subject to terrorist attacks by people who do n't want to be forced into a union ) . 
  the whole country speaks english primarily ( that is my understanding ) . 
  it makes more sense to teach french , german , spanish or some other foreign language that might actually be of some use other than national chest beating . 
  britain has has a large trade deficit for like 100 year . 
  why would it need to haul arse now of any other time , where it also has n't needed to do that ? 
  did the british ever attempt a genocide that you know of ? 
  what about the good shit ? 
  i suppose . 
  i think it 's pretty clear though , and anyone with a bit on knowledge of history would understand that the whole of the island of ireland existed within the one country that was the british empire . 
  it 's dumb to call it out in the same way you would n't ever call out someone who said that the ( area that makes up the ) republic of ireland and pakistan were never unified , despite both being within the british empire . 
  berlin not in top 20 cities in the world for sure, 
  they are not british . 
  you can not revoke thier citizenship, 
  it definetly definetly could, 
  ireland has compolsory gaelic . 
  that seems pretty stupid to me . 
  but whatever, 
  so you want to displace 600k people as your plan for reunification . 
  you might need to rethink that . 
  i do n't think the eu allows countries to annex terriroty in warfare anymore . 
  lol there never was a unified ireland . 
  in my eyes us is top . 
  so many of the best things come from there, 
  no , but i suspect it is less . 
  london/se is most likley more productive per head than the netherlands, 
  than netherlands ? 
  are you sure, 
  you know it 's affordable , with a london salaray !, 
  wow , london has a larger gdp than sweeden or netherlands . 
  sadly for sweeden , there are more people hating dutch than there are those that hate danish . 
  wow , 80 % + of the population go on holiday every year ( and to aforeign country no less ) . 
  that 's super impressive . 
  cool statistic !, 
  if you solve the homeless problem by killing anyone who 's homeless is that really a good thing ... 
  some of those best at 's seem like real consolation prizes . 
  ` least noisy houseing ' ` best at handling notes & coins ' ` highest cork production ', 
  uk , german , chech and australins do good beer too, 
  are there any two counties that have identical numbers for all cases ? 
  none jump out at me ? 
  makes me not believe the map edit : ah ha , switzerland and croatia are the same , who 'd have thought !, 
  be happy achieving things . 
  presumably the british shareholders would sell their shares , otherwise the company would have to take a huge financial hit in the lost routes , and the shareholders would suffer because of it ( and thus they would sell ) ? 
  please also tell this to scotland when they try and leave, 
  always aim higher, 
  i thought ryan air was irish, 
  if japan is the only case , and they had thier government re-written by the usa , and the usa has a very similar system of govenence to the uk , haveing broke from it . 
  it 's not unreasonable to exclude them . 
  you have to remember if it was n't the uk , then it would be one of the other european powers at the time . 
   how others had progressed without such oppression example case , that is n't the usa or japan, 
   would have been far ahead of where they are now how can this possibly be knowable, 
  no , but on balance overall force for good, 
  everywhere else was a paradise comparativelyt, 
  in the way that catholics in ireland lived side by side with the protestants maybe, 
   without great issue for a large portion of time please enlighten me as to this peacefaul period across the entire indian subcontinent pre-british rule, 
  well , it was more about the peaceful ness at the point of disbanding compared to others, 
  independence wars that won ... 
  yeah , i mean the 100 year s war was like a french independence war in some sense as well, 
  not that i know of in the last 300 years, 
  usa and ireland , anyone else ? 
  yeah but if all those things are true but you are super happy and so is everyone else , is it that bad ? 
  perhaps so . 
  i 'd be interested to compare japan / usa/australia/canada as well to see what other successful countries are like . 
  before we go ahead and say that it is simply a sliding scale, 
  it 's not blaming eastern europe with anything other than less secular society . 
  nothing to do with the turks, 
  except that basically all innovation in the modern world comes from developed countries . 
  the more developed , the more innovation in general, 
  it 's a much nicer coastline . 
  and cheaper than oz, 
  yeah but why do we limit ourselves to continents , britain is n't conncted . 
  it does n't make sense imo that the eu ca n't really expand it 's free trade bloc because there is a russia and a turkey in the way, 
  my point is more why is it not looked at for canada to join the eu ? 
  he said similarities,
