  some things need physical stores for , like shoes and clothes i think . 
  but country innit, 
  oh no , you get to pay a business for some goods and services . 
  how sneaky and manipulative, 
  yeah , but there will always be some excuse . 
  plus the papers are largely in part printing stories that their base wants . 
  not just whatever the fuck murdoch thinks that morning, 
  i 'm of two minds . 
  we have yet to see any country in the east actually catch up with the individual productivity of usa , canada , australia or western europe ( uk france germany benelux and nordics ) . 
  japan kinda did , but has then not grown for 20 years which is pretty horrendous . 
  even south korea is n't caught up , it 's just relatively successful . 
  only hong kong and singapore , but with very very western inherited and uniquely situated systems are there . 
  we will see . 
  it 's so unbelievable that india has a density similar to the netherlands . 
  it 's so big , and has inhabitable mountains and deserts too !, 
  wow, 
  you are basically just saying they are n't a good idea ever . 
  there will always be some excuse in many people 's eyes ( spurred by recent events , media too influencing , people not educated enough etc ) . 
  what a bunch of bastards . 
  cad , aud , and the nordic country ccys are ok as well , but not really over gbp by any stretch, 
  over russian ruble , or whatever is used in ukraine or belerus ? 
  what about azerbaijan ccy ? 
  or georgian gbp is a very stable very trusted currency the world over . 
  sure usd and euro more so . 
  but it is still very strong . 
  that 's not the question though . 
  the question is do you take the contact in gbp or turkish lira , those are your only options ( assume it 's a very profitable contract that you would be mad not to take ) edit : eur and usd are two ccy that are more ` valuable ' than gbp , arguably also yen , but the list stops there . 
  everyone who 's opinion on the matter counts . 
  would you take 200 gbp or an equivalent amount of turkish lira right now if someone offered . 
  there are dumber ccy choices . 
  that 's all, 
  i suppose if you get hit in the head hard enough you can belive anything, 
  that 's like # 600 a month . 
  that 's good for a standard rent price for a room in kensington, 
  it 's still considered a safe , reserve currency . 
  i agree euros or usd is better , but gbp is not unreasonable, 
  it was n't even a german narrative though ... 
  but the future western betrayal is n't a factor . 
  this was pre that narrative, 
  how would that absolve germany for doing the destroying ? 
  especially as britain was still fighting ? 
  as in . 
  the brits are n't helping you ( poles ) rebuild the city we ( germans ) destroyed ? 
  and are instead continuing to fight the war i mean , it almost seems like the opposite message ... 
  no , if a new law supercedes an old one the old one does n't need to be revoked . 
  there is no ambiguity , new trumps old . 
  lel , your life man, 
  i should be equivalent of a full day ( ie 7/8 hours of work ), 
  you earn holiday at the statutory rate compared to a full time worker surely, 
  that makes sense . 
  any idea why auto . 
  is it like autonomous , as in self decided auto ? 
   auto-defense guns what type of gun is this ? 
  nice, 
  so it can launch/land lots of planes lots of the time for a long time, 
  what are sorties ? 
  or am i missing a joke ? 
  yeah but if you get sweet fa from one government and showers of money and housing from another then that will influence your decision, 
  * foreign policy, 
  with unlimited tethering ? 
  not with unlimited tethering a.k.a. 
  home broadband replacement, 
  then they need to compete better :( i figure it 's because they did n't want to canabalise thier home broadband, 
  slower but not slow . 
  4g normally runs at like 15 - 50 mbits for me, 
  pretty much they are the same companies . 
  there are maybe like 4 telcos who have wireless network infrastructure and 3 out of 4 offer home broadband . 
  the 4th , three , do offer a 4g home broadband package but it 's limited to 40gb per month for # 24 . 
  maybe in time ... 
  jealous :(, 
  well , it 's limited in that there are no unlimited plans ( in the uk ), 
  why not just scrap that and use the phone internet with hot-spot functionality, 
  i would be very withdrawaley if the internet disappeared ... 
  that 's the future !, 
  i want to move on , but no company is selling ... 
  including tethering ? 
  do you also pay for home broadband/fibre connection ? 
  unlimited means no need for home broadband connections , so no company in the uk will offer it cause it will cannibalise those sales :(, 
  is it actually unlimited including tethering ? 
  cause it i could get that then bye bye home internet connection . 
  not really . 
  high cost of living and even higher pay, 
  pay is relatively high compared to a lot of europe, 
  i have read them , and i do n't like a lot of them . 
  my actual problem with pr stv is n't fairness , but the lack of an individual responsibile for an area . 
  with av or fptp you get an mp for an area , a single individual who you can hold accountable , and who you can know to contact . 
  with pr stv which of your mps do you go to ? 
  all of them , the labour one if you vote labour . 
  does the labour guy even have any power locally in a 2 con 1 lab constituency ? 
  pr stv is decent . 
  but you misunderstand what we are talking about . 
  you said ` show me that pr stv would do this thing ' . 
  and then i did . 
  it was n't an argument for or against the system . 
  that same article literally explains that there are other quotas that can be used ... 
  how is the quota determined ? 
  you 've assumed there are second transferred preferences where i have assumed there is not . 
  that same party is literally achieving is singular goal of leaving the eu as the large parties are forced to bear it in mind . 
  just because ukip got no seats , did n't meant they had no impact . 
  the majority of the country wanted to leave the eu , and they were able to achieve that with the current voting system .
