  apartments tend to have small rooms , where , as you mentioned , the walls can be the supports, 
  the # 10k is because they sold you the product at a better interest rate , and they could sit back with the confidence you wo n't leave the contract ( because of the # 10k ) . 
  if there was no fine you would immediately move to a different provider as soon as a better interest rate appeared and just pay off the whole lot , borrowing from the new guy . 
  it 's probably better than in the 70s , but realistically the whole world has a way to go . 
  not every country is so progressive, 
  i paid of in the long run , maybe . 
  yeah , that holds up , the english ( name ) person i know in england is of irish heritage, 
  the only english i know are irish . 
  and i live in england !, 
  we did n't exactly ` let them ' they very much took it into their own hands, 
  that 's not true . 
  it 's quite clear to see that it 's bad to have very low productivity growth like italy, 
  they 're mostly friendly foreigners so not really, 
  ukraine not last ? 
  huh ... 
  japan has a lot of stuff to see outside those cities though . 
  the nuclear bomb sites , mountains , hot springs etc. 
  who hates londoners :( ? 
  still counts , the production capacity remains ... 
  low abortion rates is n't necessarily positive, 
  london groceries are the same prices as the rest of the country . 
  ha ha , we should just have a conveyor belt as public transport really , then you do n't queue you just get on !, 
  if you can raise the revenue through taxes rather than charging each individual each time a bus is used , then a ` free for all ' system is going to be mighty efficient as you do n't have to deal with ticketing . 
  the problem is of course the ` raise the revenue through taxes ' aspect of that . 
  compared to other member states it is, 
  fines for what ? 
  they will be following eu directives , that xyz will be implemented by 2019 , except that in 2019 the uk no longer is bound by the eu court of justice . 
  you can dismantle them in that you stop implementing things . 
  the eu normally gives members x years to become compliant with some new directive . 
  so it 's basically just not bothering to do all those things . 
  negative numbers are contributing , positive are receiving, 
  i thought the bailouts are from the imf not the eu . 
  maybe that 's a greece only thing, 
  ireland is the only ` very wealthy ' country that is n't a contributor . 
  seems odd to me, 
  vatican city has the advantage of mandatory drinking and no children !, 
  crimea , russia , ukraine . 
  is that basically decided now then ... 
  it 'll be fun to find out !, 
  we can always hyper-inflate our debts to pennies, 
  does n't mean it 's untrue, 
  denmark would be nice i think . 
  they are supposedly pretty happy !, 
  ireland , from the uk , cause i do n't want to learn some other language . 
  i just ca n't stand learning them :(, 
  google does have a monopoly . 
  a monopoly is n't 100 % market share , it 's just very very high market share ( e.g. 
  80 % + ) intel and microsoft are both considered monopolies , though neither has 100 % market share, 
  my first job out of uni started me of on a salary higher than the average wage apparently . 
  london really does skew things . 
  uk is rich ... 
  tax haven , but also other things . 
  just tax haven is n't fair, 
  ah ok , i figured it was a piece of meat reference of something, 
  go hard , like an erection ? 
  it was the prevailing theory at the time even for many intellectuals . 
  it 's just that even in comparison to others at the time it 's about expected behaviour . 
  why do the irish get so much mention vs the political famines all over the world . 
  just because the uk government has survived as a contiguous entity compared to basically anything else so there is someone to direct hate at, 
  that 's not my barometer . 
  yeah , they were n't fans of the irish . 
  if you consider that they thought of them as sub human , then the actions are n't reprehensible . 
  in comparison to say how the nazis treated those they considered sub human . 
  it was at the time . 
  it 's not my personal opinion on the matter, 
  if you are pm of the uk and you belive in the free market no matter what then the decision makes sense . 
  however that is no longer the prevailing thought . 
  they did, 
  no , crops failure to grow was the primary reason for the famine . 
  without that there would n't have been one, 
  should have learnt to empire better . 
  everyone else was doing it !, 
  emigration not immigration . 
  one is leaving a country ( emigrate from ireland ) and the other is coming to ( imagrate to britain ), 
  yes there is ? 
  they tripled/quadrupled in population if not more, 
  we used it to great effect, 
  it 's really not that packed . 
  you are very optiomisic about reunification imo, 
  i would be completely shocked if eu citizens did not end up with visa free travel to the uk once brexit negotiations have completed . 
  they would have to have broken down to such a ridiculous level as to practically start a war with spain over gibraltar, 
  yes , uk is ded . 
  true true . 
  i 'm british and only ever heard about that fact from americans . 
  we really do n't care that much if you like the melody of the national anthem . 
  haha , i 'm british and the french anthem makes me proud, 
  russian anthem is awesome, 
  star spangled banner ( us english ), 
  are you saying the people are happy to be taxed to support businesses but only in small countries . 
  i 'm a bit lost on your point ? 
  true . 
  the problem becomes a big problem though as soon as the currency is even a little noticeably over/under valued . 
  and the government bears the full brunt of that . 
  aka the citizens . 
  so it 's kinda a stealth tax / hand out to business . 
  currency pegging is just generally a bad idea imo . 
  who does it help . 
  it only seeks to ultimately hurt the government doing the pegging . 
  how would you have them respond ? 
  shout all you want .
