  as opposed to casual ethno nationalism twords european countries ... you cut off your nose to spite your face . 
  better hope of treating all nationalites equally by not being in the eu, 
  shoe rack/heap at entrance , shoes off no rack/heap shoes on, 
  ok , had a quick look , and yes the uk is also trying to leave the european convention on human rights , which is kind of the only power base of the council of europe . 
  never heard of it, 
  i think i am missing your point, 
  from the perspective of some in the uk , we are moving away from bulgaria , poland , romania etc though . 
  and twords usa , canada , australia though, 
  i do n't think the canadians or australians consider themselves beaten children ( though the natives might ), 
  dammit france , uk was so close to being top at something . 
  but no . 
  you had to be better at sex, 
  you would think the significantly larger german-turk population would send more money if it was all down to private individuals . 
  or maybe the more generous turks just end up in netherlands, 
  independance, 
  more asset equal at the very top maybe, 
  hey i 'm not the soltision but maybe that works, 
  except that over large time periods , the ratio persists at a very different rate to other countries . 
  showing that its foolish to think of it as just one off our lucky, 
  i do n't really feel like explaining that it is clearly very statisticaly significant . 
  having 6 more people randomly die of a rare thing ( 2 in the whole population in a year ) would be a very big surprise , the sample size is huge as it is the whole population . 
  the average rate per 100k women over the last 10 years ( google it , there is a pdf that i ca n't link on mobile ) has been less that 1 . 
  do n't trick yourself into thinking they got lucky/unlucky last year . 
  if malta has a low female suicide rate they may be doing something right wrt women 's health that should probably be looked at in the hope of saving more lives . 
  similarly they may need to focus on men 's health if they are n't already . 
  unless there was a suicide cult 16:1 vs say 4:1 is incredibly significant , even with small samples . 
  and btw the population of malta is n't a small sample , it 's almost half a million people, 
  not france or netherlands or austria ? 
  britain does n't want a norway/switzerland deal, 
  but that was the result of it, 
  ( the ottomans ) turkey had greater losses than germany in ww1, 
  it does n't take much to make someone express interest in joining the army , just show young boys some tanks and planes and shit . 
  does n't mean they will want to fight and die in foreign lands as adults, 
  how do we get more people to join the army ? 
  increase salaries more benifits nah , just make them do it but they wo n't vote to be forced into the army well then make it those that do n't have a vote !, 
  ah good news . 
  my info is like 6 + years out of date at this point, 
  no , you are bashable because you are and should be accountable, 
  germany still has national service of some kind though . 
  a german guy who studied at my uni was given the choice of a year of armed forces or civil service type job . 
  know your meme is so good, 
  was n't it in norway ... 
  in 35 years the world will be a very very different place . 
  the climate in the uk might want the euro . 
  which by and large it does n't right now, 
  uh , are n't you guys land locked ? 
  that 's not really something we deal in, 
  do the irish speak some weird variation of english that is both entirely comprehensible to all english speakers yet has extra tenses ? 
  but in comparison to french which apparently has only city ( no town/village ) usa is more like the uk, 
  something other than city  town  village ? 
  like what ? 
  ` thankfully ' britain giving a shit tends to mean india , australia , canada , usa , south africa etc tend to give a shit as well which is like 30 % + of the world 's population . 
  in the uk the lines are a bit blurred , but city 's are larger than towns that are larger than villages that are larger than hamlets . 
  though i know some towns with 120k + people , but cities with < 70k so not always a population thing . 
  is it a city with only 12k people ? 
  i 'd definetly class that as a town , if not a village, 
  it 's there a steam group or a subreddit or something for this specific campaign ? 
  well the game goes at speed 2 , so it 's slow regardless, 
  can i get mutapa please, 
  is n't it bad fiscal practice for a country to have a budget surplus , better to have a deficit and grow such that the debt to gdp ratio is relatively stagnant or reducing . 
  not that much so in the northern parts of scotland . 
  but then basically no one lives there ... 
  water at the top might be too cold, 
  very interesting . 
  thanks , 
  hmm , having said this , ca n't you just use the hotter water back into the steam process in the power plant as it has a higher temperature ? 
  i do n't know enough about power production , but maybe you need colder water than that, 
  we can only hope, 
  if everyone has their own relatively local boiler anyway . 
  is it still efficient to pipe hot water everywhere anyway ? 
  i do n't see why not , but does n't seem quite as grand as it used to . 
  especially if they are not even gas boilers , which are much cheaper to run ( though i guess that depends on local gas costs . 
  edit : just been realising , it 's waste heat that heats the water , so it does n't matter the efficiency , as it 's kinda free . 
  personal heating units that require a small amount of hot water to provide enough warmth to easily fall asleep, 
  because ? 
  yeah no industry left at all , except all of it , you retard, 
  by everyone i meant every household . 
  it would be mad to have per person boilers . 
  though it now seems just as mad to have per household boilers ... 
  yeah i 'm getting mixed messages . 
  definetly thought it was coming out the tap at one point, 
  i suspect building it in london would be quite a challenge , there is a lot of shit underground already, 
  i have several electric heaters in my house that go on plug sockets , but the central heating is from a gas boiler that puts hot water around radiators, 
  also seems good for if you pass out drunk on the pavement it will be not so cold, 
  higher temp / pressure =  more heat loss ... 
  wikipedia said 200000 homes , so that 's a fair few, 
  ongoing boiler support costs, 
  electric is n't common in the uk for heat . 
  it 's mainly gas i think, 
  it does sound better to have lots of pipes , i just wonder which is actually most cost effective, 
  so gas , hot water and normal water are all free ( well , paid for by tax ) . 
  that seems like the big difference then . 
  if it 's all free then there are n't individuals with cost incentives in the same way, 
  are pipes better though . 
  i 'd have thought they lose a lot of heat and cost more to maintain . 
  i dunno how the costs stack up , overall or individually . 
  gas is free , that makes a ( gas ) boiler seem even more attractive than paying for hot water . 
  you pipe hot water around the city ? 
  that very unlike the uk where everyone has their own boiler, 
  france is n't in a precarious position and the us is the main driver of the defensive aspect of nato for pretty much all countries .
