  that is just what faith is about . 
   if you stop looking at your priest and church , what they have to say , and rethink other things , you may come up with different conclusions absolutely right . 
  different . 
  the point is i do not want , 
  i would appreciate much more the map of sunny days , not hours . 
  sure the more to the north the shorter the days . 
  great . 
  so i am protected and allowed to think that above is wrong , not right direction . 
  to make it more understandable . 
  why are you referring to the 1939 though , not to the 1917 ? 
  and guess where that lands came from , 
  so what ? 
  there was also arab state in iberia till 1492 . 
  it does not change the obvious - the history of modern europe is history of christianity . 
  aaa !, 
  i see now . 
  may i ask you first . 
  are you democratic-minded ? 
  liberal in a way ? 
  in favor of freedom ? 
  may i humbly ask . 
  what are they proud of ? 
  if they are common people , like others - what is the matter of pride ? 
  or do they think that they are better than others ? 
  champions of some kind ? 
  this way it makes sense , sure . 
  you are right . 
  but it looks like now everybody is afraid to point the main thing that have made europe a europe as it is . 
  christianity . 
  ok , somebody may be an atheist , but it does not change history . 
  what is slovakia ? 
  you are right . 
  from the moment europe became ** post ** christian there are no common unquestioned values . 
   the sun used to go around earth it continues now . 
   it is just the matter of choosing the reference point . 
  not at once . 
  you still have your morality from the family mostly . 
   like soviet russia and china do not know about china , but soviet russia conserved christian morality in fact . 
   how can people be so negative but it is basic human right . 
  to like something or to dislike . 
  even a coffee or beer , can you imagine ? 
  unless you are spilling somebody 's coffee or beer in his face because of disliking it - it 's ok . nobody should be forced to like a coffee !, 
  freedom to the beerhaters !, 
   annexed big chunk of poland i understand , that everybody would try to remember the time , when some territories were their for some reason . 
  and fully forget the times when some territories were not . 
  it 's so human . 
  but be realist and admit that poland have won from that war . 
  ( ussr have won it for poland ) . 
  let me remind you https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/kr%c3%b3lestwo_polskie_ ( kongresowe ) # / media/file : congress_poland_in_1815 . png, 
  yeah , i 've already seen it . 
  ( from some other comment ) . 
  obviously pilot 's mistake . 
  as we call it , ` bardak ' !, 
   you said you 're in a mid 50s right  and an officer . 
  did not said , but almost right - i 'm captain retired . 
   then you know that 3 estonians are worth 30 russian conscripts wrong . 
  are also an officer ? 
   russian propaganda blasted you are interested in russian propaganda ? 
  looks like you know everything about it . 
  your own propagandists have enlightened you on this matter , i guess . 
  as before ? 
  from this point on - pure imagination . 
  except the last :  2017 - estonia has no reason to have an army ... 
  they are absolutely safe !, 
  it 's up to you . 
  i do not care . 
  and , you may believe it , if it makes you proud , it 's ok with me , but never you ` cast aside ' you were granted . 
  by yeltsin . 
  the decision of ` the three nations ' did not need somebody 's approval . 
  not me . 
   but politicians an top brasses have to feed they children too . 
   our goal is to be able to defend ourselves and we are making a steady progress it is ok , why should not you ? 
   at any point your unfriendly advice ... where have you find this ? 
  and all further from this point ... 
  trying to be polite ... is your imagination, 
  not in this case . 
  look for ` potsdam agreement ' that approved postwar borders ( with clear territorial benefits for poland and czechoslovakia ) and expelling the germans correspondingly . 
  polacs to kazakhstan - it was stalin 's , yes , before the war . 
  if you do not like something - blame the russians . 
  ( now antisemitism is not in honor as it was , but you need to have something handy ) . 
   the three governments , having considered the question in all its aspects , recognize that the transfer to germany of german populations , or elements thereof , remaining in poland , czechoslovakia and hungary , will have to be undertaken . 
  they agree that any transfers that take place should be effected in an orderly and humane manner . 
  ( potsdam agreement ), 
  bulgarians were tricky . 
  though they have declared the war to the uk and us , have maintained diplomatic relations with the soviet union . 
  great !, 
  thank you . 
  sorry for disturbing , have not noticed . 
  thank you . 
   it happens . 
  though may i point a high threat in this very case . 
  right . 
  visit paris . 
  look at all those ` assimilated ' people , living in france for many generations . 
   lavrov 's are you serious ? 
  to risk with foreign minister on board ? 
  please , show me the link . 
  could not google one . 
  not my fault , friend . 
  refusenik - this was the word for russian jews refused to emigrate from the ussr,
