  what are the protocols about ? 
  dividing the spheres of influence . 
  the similar division was made between big three after wwii . 
  so what ? 
  it 's politics . 
   the territorial gains were just a nice coincidence the territorial gains were the right thing for everybody at that time . 
  look at the previous war , at post wwi years , look at munich , it was just common . 
  look at this . 
  russia is too big . 
  in 1942 already 850 factories were working at full strength replaced to ural . 
  already producing more munitions and armaments than before the war . 
  so , even possible lost of moscow would not mean any peace agreement , as may be germany was hoping . 
  as for lend-lease - it began to work in our direction in full force only in 1943 . 
  that time hitler was more than stopped in russia . 
   how much blood shall you spoil for a war as a country ? 
  russians - all of it . 
  that is the point . 
  i know , i know . 
  there are freaks in many ways on our tv and other media . 
  believe it or no - it 's the other side of freedom of speech , 
   purged every experienced officer not only that . 
  we had had very ineffective army tactics , especially in offence . 
  started to change it only in late 1942 . 
  yes . 
  but not many people in free europe can imagine that we in free russia allow to be lunatics on our tv not state-supported . 
   us material and russian blood have to admit - without us supplies , the war would be longer and bloodier . 
   a separate yes . 
  not as a part . 
   molotov-ribbentropp ( and in particular the secret protocols ) about this - no ` secret protocols ' were shown . 
  but even if this suspicious stuff somebody point at is unique - we do not care . 
  we were the last in europe to have some pact with hitler . 
  after [ munich agreement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/munich_agreement ) we were left alone against hitler germany . 
  it was a try to postpone the possible future war . 
  as of winter - nobody much remembers it . 
  it was short and infamous . 
  i am also dissappointed . 
  not many . 
  i myself know nobody . 
  as of those with bad education - i think that they do not know about this war at all . 
  right way . 
  but nothing tricky , it 's common here . 
  no , you 're biased . 
  we lost about 20-30 mln in war with hitler . 
  half of them civilians on the occupied territories . 
  inner victims of the stalin repressions ( 1921-1953 ) were about 4 mln sentenced , 780 000 of them sentenced to death . 
  i do not say that it 's ok . 
  but let propaganda remain propaganda , not serious talk . 
   the weirdest ( but understandable sure . 
  it was pure aggression ( not like in baltics with collaborators ) , and it was very ineffective war . 
   rewriting history : claims the false fla. . . no , not rewriting . 
  leaving it the way it was in soviets . 
  alas , and bad , it is still more or less official point of view , though there are studies of russian historians that show some indirect , circumstantial evidence that the shelling was made by our artillery . 
  alas , again - no direct orders have been found ( or showed to public ) . 
  sunday . 
  from 10 am . 
  anyway , you can look [ archive ] ( http://www.1tv.ru/news/2017-07-31/329884-glavnyy_voenno_morskoy_parad_rossii_v_mirovyh_smi ) two videos there, 
   he 's a known russia fan . 
  is n't it already a crime in free europe ? 
  such a shame !, 
  nice show it was . 
   if your country produces russian standard yep !, 
  sorry , i 've thought you are swiss , 
   swedish state survived two world wars without calling for the citizens to defend it are you not ashamed ? 
   a few strategic missiles oh . 
  just one would be enough to receive full sized back strike . 
   produced in us everything is produced in china  even iphones . 
  can not imagine , what should i buy manufactured in us ? 
  caterpillar asphalt paver ? 
  sure , i can not afford one . 
  the law does not affect users . 
  it is about providers . 
  and does not overall prohibits proxy or vpn . 
  but nobody gives a shit to read the law itself . 
  media is reading and reposting each other panic headlines . 
  you 're right . 
  it 's another sort of mirror . 
  the number of the us diplomats here would be now equal to the number of russian ones in the us . 
  obama kicked , trump does not allow to replace them , so ... 
  we try . 
  this year could not . 
  too heavy clouds . 
  putin was waiting . 
  it is the answer to expelling russian diplomats by obama in his last days of the presidency . 
  so called mirror sanctions which are usually instant , not like this time . 
  but trump administration did nothing to change that obama decision , more - they have refused to give visas to russian diplomats who were to replace expelled staff . 
  to tell the truth i am rather indifferent to food . 
  i 'm specializing in the bars with lower alcohol prices , 
  sure overpriced . 
  crazy . 
  even for moscow . 
  what kitchen do you prefer ? 
  \u041dave a [ ukrainian-russian ] ( https://www.tarasbulba.ru/restorany/ ) upd \u041e\u043d !, 
  you can even chose serbsky language to browse their page mentioned, 
   in moscow ??? 
  i suppose you had a bad guide . 
  yeltsin did it . 
  not enough ? 
  sure not . 
  we have to do it on daily basis . 
  germans were unlucky with their jews issue .
