  are you old enough to read russian ? 
  if yes , maybe you can comment on the article ( i could not find it in estonian ( can not google in estonian ) , though it is from there ) . 
   is n't going to happen under putin that is the thing you do not see there , so can not understand russians with their support to ` regime ' . 
  it is with putin we have really grown and became noticeably wealthy . 
  fact . 
  and people here see it . 
   average income in estonia it does not matter . 
  we 'll have more sanctions at least . 
   kind of milk economic support from the allies . 
  to support claimed instability . 
  is not the border with russia the best exported product for estonia now ? 
   ukraine and georgia are far more valuable geopolitically than estonia is . 
  sure . 
  they close our borders . 
  surround us . 
  even lithuania controls ground access to kaliningrad . 
  nothing of the kind for estonia . 
  i 'm really interested . 
  how it is for bulgaria in the long run ? 
  being in the eu . 
  as an insider you must know . 
  ( yeah , i 've seen propaganda from both sides  edit downvoted in a minute for this serious ( and no catch ) question . 
  who is harmed ? 
  i really want to listen to locals , not just read the papers . 
   russia would gain literally 0 things from invading estonia it already does not have . 
  200 % true more . 
  we will lose . 
  money . 
  we are ready to spend some on russian crimea , not estonia . 
   until the crimean invasion and the eastern ukraine war why do you disagree ? 
  until that russia was not considered such aggressive as it is now . 
  all fits . 
  more aggressiveness , more milk . 
   i 've a feeling that 's part of that cult of personality i 've a feeling that so many people are happy to see or imagine or invent some russian national craziness . 
  to explain themselves something i do not understand   and yet you know , we are doing better and better . 
  especially with putin - it 's the fact . 
  and second - we are fed up with revolutions of any kind . 
  1917 and 1991 as well . 
  too bad experience it was . 
  excellent . 
  it was ` new year ' vacation . 
  you know , in russia we have new year holidays at least for a week long . 
  was surprised ( but not unhappy , because my money went to the locals  that prices in yalta cafes are rather high . 
  not the ` top moscow ' , but average moscow for sure . 
  the same for the food in shops . 
  average russian prices . 
  ( not the way it was in kiev , where i have been the previous winter ) . 
  people are calm . 
  tried to ask what do they think about ` all this ' , stopped . 
  the usual reply : `` do not even remind me of ukraine '' . 
  ( no propaganda , i swear  yes , yet more poor than in some of russia . 
  in some . 
  some regions can be compared . 
  as for serbia to join eu - it could be a good idea for them . 
  their economics is at the bottom , so they have nothing to lose . 
  it would not be worse at least . 
  as for russia - no . 
  it is not good for us . 
  we have some industry and market to lose . 
  and we would not accept so many of eu rules losing our political independence also . 
   how '' serbia '' was the victim in the 90ies , yugoslavian peoples has their long an hurting history of relations . 
  especially during ww2 ( look at it , google fex ` jasenovac ' ) , and you can imagine that people still remember . 
  but . 
  when the last clashes began the west practically unanimously took any side in this conflicts if it was against serbia . 
  the only loser there is serbia . 
  only serbia was blamed , only serbia was bombed , only serbia have lost it land , only serbians were sentenced at the ` court ' . 
  i think eu does not care much about an ideals . 
  sure less than about expanding markets . 
  cant blame them . 
  it 's capitalism , so it 's ok , seriously . 
  may be he is russian ? 
  does it already became a crime itself in free europe ? 
   are proud of their current state . 
  point this - with putin the ` current state ' have risen significantly . 
   their county cares nothing for them ? 
  it is so simple . 
  we do not feel it this way . 
  it is just not true . 
  see the 85 % putin support . 
  why ? 
  we live here , not only watch and read western media on our life , 
  switzerland also . 
  edit . 
  sorry it is not in eu, 
  do not forget our powerful hackers that have elected trump !, 
   there were much less nato troops in estonia yep . 
  estonia is milking having the boarder with aggressive russia quite successful , 
   since they left us out to dry in the 90s you now , we are really sorry about that . 
  it happened because russia was weak then , or had weak and western-corrupted government , or both . 
   choosing russia over the eu at this point is really really unlikely to happen do they ( politicians ) ask people there ? 
  or just money matters as elsewhere ? 
  first . 
  i do not think so . 
  second . 
  everybody has a right to be concerned with anything . 
  this is a free world . 
  even kremlin . 
  an old joke . 
  and looks like not only about americans : an american can not understand two things . 
  - first .
