  especially on alcohol . 
  just look at estonia rating . 
  i love america . 
  ( as geography and people , not politically though  have brought an anecdote from there ( local friends 've told me )  an american is asked , what is the difference between ignorance and apathy ? 
  i do n't know . 
  and i do n't care !, 
  for me american people are the same way self-confident as russians . 
  but their government - sure as englishmen . 
  i love it . 
  about 10 years ago i was in brest . 
  february . 
  asked the local friends to show me the peasants market ( \u0420\u044b\u043d\u043e\u043a ) . 
  walked , looked ... and where are potatoes ? 
  you should have a lot and various potatoes here ( \u0431\u0443\u043b\u044c\u0431\u0430\u0448\u0438  ? 
  after some search we have found two rather sad men with one sack of potatoes with them for sale . 
  my friends tried to find an explanation for this strange fact - almost full absence of potatoes . 
  after half an hour of hard thinking they got an answer : - but nobody would buy it !, 
  everybody has potatoes of their own !, 
  you have ( as many others here ) misunderstood tolstoy . 
  he does not say : all the nation is self-assured . 
  he says : if somebody is self assured , there are different means - such and such . 
   thanks, 
  i am . 
  as was tolstoy , can you imagine ? 
   tavrida which was part of malorossia mistake, 
   you are little liar shame on you . 
  not because you are so ignorant and do not want to look at the facts ( maps ) and sort out anything that does not fit your ignorance . 
  because you have such insolence to say ` liar ' . 
  rare people that had dared to say such thing to me in person had affair of honor with me at once . 
  fare thee well, 
  sure . 
   does n't have the capability to fully occupy ukraine ... detest ... 
  right . 
  and so no intention . 
  to big headache it would be , you pointed good reasons for it . 
  same in russia . 
   if someone would show a gun ( like on the picture ) it is ramzan kadyrov , can you imagine ? 
   at home . 
  not in berlin . 
  perfect !, 
   much of chechen diaspora in western countries was offered asylum because `` evil russians were oppressing them '' . 
  you are 100 % right . 
  bad to europe - that half of them were in fact gangsters-criminals , using this chance . 
  and have not become law-abiding citizens after crossing the border . 
  ` chechen mafia ' are not empty words in russia . 
  sure he is . 
  and it is very calm now there . 
  islami\u0441 terrorists left moved to the neighboring regions . 
  yes !, 
  ( mean do n't ), 
  please , noooo :(, 
  chechnya is very safe now . 
  even for no-chechens . 
  being flooded by money . 
  may be not for some of this guys ? 
  may be . 
  first , some of caucasians ( chechens among them ) still have the strong blood feud traditions . 
  second , some of them could have committed a war crime , so there is jail waiting . 
  some of them are and were here gangsters-criminals , so jail again . 
  sure . 
  it 's named ` not in my backyard ' , 
   especially for war ( ships ) no , mostly for agriculture . 
   i have a hard time following what you actually want to say not my fault, 
  surprised by russian figure . 
  where did they get it from ? 
  we even have no no-go zones , not even one in some city or town . 
  never and nowhere ( i 've travelled a lot in russia ) i felt myself unsafe . 
  edit have to admit . 
  white male . 
  though 55 yo , 186 cm and 85 kg . 
  kind of sportive . 
   so you think that when soviets went on their murder mayhem without particularly targeting the jews and still managed to kill almost no , it is you who think so . 
  second - i 'm highly antisoviet . 
  and was antisoviet already in the ussr , you can relax about it . 
  but being not blinded by propaganda ( as may be you are ) i am free to look at facts and figures . 
  at both sides . 
  as of deportation from estonia ( yes , it was awful ) figures can be find at two clicks . 
  i am not sure that you are really interested though . 
  so full with emotions . 
  - soviets did not kill jews . 
  some were deported ( and not for their nationality , with estonians and else , for political reasons - sure it was bad , but not killing ) , some later escaped to russia - while you are right about  independent estonia ** before the invasion ** of soviet and nazi monsters did n't kill anybody - still should look at the chapter ` estonian collaboration ', 
   free market that is the point . 
  they can not give it cheaper ( and still with profit ) with ns2 . 
  ( with the current level of expenses on production and transportation ) . 
  without ns2 - there would be insufficient gas supply - and here they are !, 
  never would i wait for poles to be grateful . 
  though , as everybody else . 
  even bulgarians . 
  i agree, 
   ukraine is malorossia - it is history man . 
  ** do not dare to say it to ukranians . 
  they 'll kill you  ** because such position takes away half of their current lands . 
  ( though even not all of malorossia could be honestly considered ukrainian . 
  see further ) . 
  region named malorossia in russian empire consisted of 6 ` gubernias ' ( regions ) - volyn ( volhynia ) , kiev , podolia by the right bank of dnieper river and chernihiv , poltava , kharkov by the left . 
  ( here and further i mention administrative division from xix century . 
  in xviii there was malorossia gubernia not divided in smaller gubernias , but approx . 
  at the same territory . 
  the same for novorossia gubernias ) . 
  part of it ( malorossia ) - sumy and kharkov ( together named slobozhanschina ) , chernigov and some more was taken by ivan iii ( 1440-1505 , also known as ivan the great ) from grand duchy of lithuania , long before bogdan khmelnitsky ( i 'll say about him onword ) .
