  football fan . 
  agreed . 
   are actually conscripts up to the last time . 
  this year was announced that now we have more on the contract . 
  mind that by the law only contract soldiers in russia can be sent to real fight now . 
  may be it was for the means of energy saving . 
   compares checks from the stores . 
  lol do you read russian ? 
  do you see , which stuff has the bigger rises as they claim ? 
  ( and some lies there also ) . 
   we 'll be freezing is not one of the reason i think it 's not about the freezing . 
  most of gas is used by the industry . 
  buying ( may be 2 times ) more expensive gas from us would mean the significant rise of the manufacturing cost , thus losing the economic competition to the same us . 
  yes, 
  you have a point !, 
  thank you for asking . 
  but i think , we do n't want to . 
  thank you . 
  interesting . 
  the moscow also is in a good shape . 
  55.781374 , 37.489567 strange though that for moscow one was enough , 
  should i translate this , or you can read some russian ? 
  really ? 
  did not know . 
  but in leningrad or moscow you just should go a little from the city - and could hear everything . 
   half of europe hence estonia is 1/6 of europe . 
  really big state !, 
   common military parades in occupied poland there was just one , that is called such a ` parade ' . 
  though it was not a common parade . 
  it was ceremonial leaving from brest by german troops . 
  thank you . 
  i 'm a little surprised to receive such a profound note from latvia , 
  thank you . 
   they were being jammed only in moscow and leningrad . 
   a lot of people 30 + who i have met from russia i 'm sure i have met more people from russia , 
  the figures are there not only from the russian historians , as you can see . 
  5 from russians , 5 from western scholars . 
  give you the free will to compare . 
  english one is short and not informative . 
  almost the statement ant that 's it . 
  the un does not take it as genocide . 
  and sure it was not with different nations involved ( in killing themselves , i should mention ) . 
  anyway , the article does not deny that it was bad and intended government decisions that made it happen . 
   but not outright false statements i agree . 
  but what should you do if he thinks so ? 
  this way he is not lying . 
  he mistakes . 
  i 've heard that there are even people who deny the holocaust and write a book on it . 
   how is the percentage lower if they have a smaller population and more people died that 's the point . 
  obvious contradiction . 
  does not match . 
  figures are from the 1926 and 1937 population censuses . 
   far over 80 % constant russian tv-watchers are women over 40 . 
  and give no fuck about politics at all . 
  if it makes you feel better and more self assured , you 're welcome . 
  it 's up to you , free west to feed more opposition press . 
  the media do make its living on advertisement . 
  so what should you expect from them ? 
  if their audience is mostly pro-putin or apolitical ? 
  different historians point different figures . 
  and percentage in ukraine was lower . 
  though it does not make it less sad . 
  visa versa - it 's me , who is paying kremlin . 
  in the above mentioned wars there was no question of survival of the state and nation . 
  oh , in wwi it was the question of survival of the soviet government . 
  so they have surrendered . 
  listen to radio echo moskvy or read novaya gazeta . 
  200 % opposition to putin , 200 % free to speak, 
   it was designed to wipe out the ukrainian independence movement total ... propaganda  a comparative analysis of the population censuses of 1926 and 1937 shows a reduction in the rural population in the regions of the ussr affected by the famine of 1932-1933 : in kazakhstan by 30.9 % , in the volga region by 23 , in ukraine by 20.5 % , in the north caucasus - by 20.4 % . 
  on the territory of the rsfsr ( without ukraine and kazakhstan ) , 2.5 million people were killed from starvation, 
   i do n't want to hear yours . 
  why do you want to read the bullshit from above mentioned ` journalist ' ? 
  makes you feel better ? 
   were n't something like 10 million ukrainians starved to death as a direct result of shutting off food supplies to the country some of them were ukranians . 
  bad administration of collectivization processes all over the country . 
  wrongful decisions . 
  and i hate it . 
  my granddad had nearly starved to death . 
  as some of his relatives had . 
  ` holodomor ' - ukrainian word for it . 
  but they are some ( hm ) biased , trying to point that it was meant to be against ukrainians . 
   you 'd have a hard time making a case that russia has freedom of speech no . 
  i would not ( have a hard time ) . 
  i am not interested to make you believe . 
  if i was - sure hard time - can not compete with bbc or cnn . 
   zvezda is state-supported though does not mean state-cenzored, 
   and 1945 were killed that 's the point . 
  it was really bad . 
  mistakes of collectivization . 
  i hate it . 
   why do you think the reporters at zvezda are promoting this view then i see only one . 
  why ? 
  because it is his point of view , i think . 
  we have rather free press , can you imagine ? 
  and not only one freak . 
  same to you  at least finnish can show their war . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/ae/tallinnvabadusesquare17_july_1940.png/1024px-tallinnvabadusesquare17_july_1940.png http://img-fotki.yandex.ru/get/9320/141128800.250/0_c649b_b74395ec_orig.jpg [ more pictures here ] ( http://photochronograph.ru/2014/04/15/prisoedinenie-pribaltiki-k-sssr-v-1940-godu/ ), 
   direct consequences of those protocols . 
  nobody managed to show the paper . 
  but as i mentioned , it does not matter .
