  every citizen of ukraine must speak the state language as the language of his nationality . 
  article 9 . 
  the use of the state language during meetings events , meetings and communicationworking 1 . 
  the language of meetings , events , meetings and communication working in government , government of arc and local governments in ukraine , state and municipal enterprises , institutions and organizations , and other entities of state and municipal ownership state language . 
  if the meeting organizer , event or meeting said that the language of the meeting , event or meeting has to be a different language than the state , it provides translation official language . 
  if the application during the meeting , event or meeting other than the state language , the organizer of the meeting , event or meeting must provide simultaneous or consecutive translation official language if required at least one participant in the meeting , event or meeting . 
  article 17 . 
  state language in the field of education 1 . 
  every citizen of ukraine has the right to receive education in the state language . 
  the use of the state language in educational and educational processes in all educational institutions is obligatory . 
  the state provides every citizen of ukraine with the right to receive education in the state language in state and municipal pre-school , general secondary , vocational , extra-curricular and higher educational establishments . 
  the language of the educational process in preschool educational institutions is the state language . 
  article 15 . 
  the use of the state language in the process of elections and referenda 1 . 
  the language of elections and referenda state language . 
  article 19 . 
  state language in the sphere of culture 1 . 
  the state ensures the use of the state language in the field of culture . 
  the language of cultural , artistic , entertaining and entertainment activities is the state language . 
  the use of other languages during cultural and artistic activities is allowed if it is justified by the artistic , creative intention of the organizer of the event , as well as in cases stipulated by the law of ukraine `` on the rights of persons belonging to national minorities '' . 
  the provisions of this part do not apply to the use of languages during the performance and reproduction of verbal-musical works . 
  accompaniment ( conferance ) of cultural-artistic and entertainment events in ukraine is carried out in the state language . 
  in case if the accompaniment is conducted by a person who does not speak the state language , the organizer ensures the simultaneous or sequential translation of such a speech into the state language . 
  the peculiarities of the accompaniment ( conferance ) of cultural , artistic and entertainment events in ukraine , which are carried out to fulfill the international obligations to the european language union , are determined by agreement between the parties . 
  announcements , posters , other informational materials on cultural , artistic and entertainment events , as well as entrance tickets are executed in the state language . 
  article 18 . 
  state language in the field of science 1 . 
  the language of science in ukraine is the state language . 
  scientific publications are published in the state language . 
  with the consent of the relevant academic ( scientific , scientific , technical , technical ) council of a scientific institution or higher educational institution , a scientific publication or a part thereof may also be published in the official languages of the european union . 
  theses of persons who receive the degree of ph.d. , and dissertation ( or scientific reports in the case of the protection of scientific achievements published in the form of a monograph , or a set of articles published in domestic and / or international peer-reviewed journals ) , persons who obtain a phd degree , as well as abstracts and reviews of opponents are performed in the state language . 
  with the consent of the corresponding scientific ( scientific , scientific , technical , technical ) council of the scientific institution or higher educational institution of the dissertation , the persons who receive the degree of the doctor of philosophy , and the dissertation ( or scientific reports in the case of the protection of scientific achievements published in the form of a monograph or a set of articles , published in domestic and / or international peer-reviewed journals ) , persons who obtain a ph.d. degree , or a part of them may also be executed in the official languages of the european union . 
  article 22 . 
  state language in book publishing and book distribution 1 . 
  book publications in ukraine are issued in the state language . 
  at the discretion of the authors , publishers , the book edition may be issued along with the official language in other languages . 
  in this case , the text , volume , appearance of the book edition in another language should correspond to the text , volume , and appearance of the book edition in the state language . 
  the number of such language versions of the book edition is not limited , and the circulation of the book edition in the state language must exceed the circulation of this book edition published in any other language . 
  the provisions of the first and second parts of this article shall not apply to book publications issued at the expense of state or local budgets in order to meet the needs of persons belonging to national minorities , as well as dictionaries and textbooks on the study of languages . 
  an exhaustive list of exceptions not covered by sections one and two of this article is established by the central executive body in the field of book publishing and book distribution . 
  in order to protect national security and counteract massive imports , the state may restrict the import of books in ukraine into languages other than the state . 
  article 25 . 
  state language in the sphere of public events 1 . 
  the language of public events in ukraine is the state language . 
  if one of the participants of the public event speaks a different language , the organizer provides a full-fledged sequential or simultaneous translation into the state language . 
  article 27 . 
  state language in the field of technical and project documentation 1 . 
  technical and project documentation in ukraine shall be produced in the state language . 
  article 28 . 
  state language in the field of advertising 1 . 
  the language of advertising in ukraine is the state language . 
  article 29 . 
  state language in the sphere of public health 1 . 
  the language of health care , medical care and medical care is the state language . 
  at the request of a person seeking medical care or medical care , his personal service may also be carried out in a language acceptable to the parties . 
  health care establishments make all documents related to the state of health of patients in the state language . 
  the language of internal acts regulating the activities of healthcare institutions , record keeping and document circulation is the state language . 
  health care establishments use medical terminology in their documents in accordance with the standards established by the national commission on state language standards . 
  article 32 . 
  state language in the field of transport 1 . 
  transport services in ukraine are provided in the state language . 
  the state language is the language of information , announcements , announcements , inscriptions , reference services , etc. 
  in all types of passenger transport , at railway stations , bus stations , airports , sea and river ports , etc. 
  if necessary , this information may be duplicated in english , and in international passenger communication , also in the official language ( s ) of the country , the communication with which the vehicle is used . 
  and so on and so on . 
  mind , the country is 85 % russian speaking . 
   poland only buys gas from germany from time to time thus you agree that poland can not be energy blackmailed by russia - this gas would be obtained through germany . 
  everything is connected . 
  ok . let 's be serious , calm and unbiased . 
  stop me at the moment you would disagree . 
  - sometime for some reason country became unfriendly to each other . 
  - politics are often made by economic means . 
  ( see anti russian sanctions ) . 
  - ukraine is now unfriendly state of russia . 
  - nobody should be forced to support somebody . 
  not mentioning the supporting of unfriendly ones . 
  so why should russia pay ukraine 2 billion a year ? 
  they have european friends - ok , take money from them . 
  and if you look at this from the russia point of view - until new tubes would be made the ukraine would still be able to blackmail russia with possible failures to fulfill european gas supply deals . 
  what about california , texas ... 
  they have hispanic as the official . 
  what about finland and sweden language there ? 
  they want more examples ? 
  by gallup : 83 % of population thinks in russian . 
  is it european to forbid the minorities to use they own language anytime they want ? 
   how disconnected and brainwashed some people are agreed, 
  sorry to upset . 
  just to demonstrate some abilities and disabilities . 
  do not mind . 
  it was not enough to have 75 % of ukranian on tv , show must go on http://w1.c1.rada.gov.ua/pls/zweb2/webproc4_1?pf3511=60953 would you please explain it to our tolerant european friends ? 
  \u041e\u041a look at the further and current moves of the ukranian legislation on language . 
  listen to their mps, 
  do you know why the rebellion in east ukraine have begun ? 
  they were scared by the odessa massacre . 
  nobody wanted to be the next . 
  they would not listen . 
  they would not look at the refugees figure and their nationality . 
  they would not care about the destiny of christian culture there . 
  you know why ? 
  it is unforgettable for serbs to be orthodox christians and to like russia .
