  fucking sanctions !, 
   could it be the good century of dictatorships and hostile foreign policy ? 
  do not you see it makes you weak ? 
  al this whining an scapegoating to russian dictatorship . 
  relax at last , live happily , be strong . 
  sure , you can continue to milk the fact that you have the common border with aggressive russia . 
  but not for eternity . 
   of russophoby are they not ? 
  thank you . 
  it just looked like , 
  i am not enough educated and is banned at google . 
  can you help me to understand how come they have sweden as the second official language in finland ? 
   the question wa about russians and how they feel let me answer . 
  to tell the truth the majority here does not much care . 
  even the interest to ukraine dropped dramatically in three years . 
  not speaking about so called baltic states . 
  after 26 years , what do you think . 
  though with our sound education we can still find them on the map . 
  topic was started with propaganda example , you may relax . 
  they 'll downvote you to the bottom . 
  their tolerancy can not accept such intolerant people like you . 
  democracy is not for allowing ~ ~ different ~ ~ wrong opinion to exist !, 
   the hate festivals like in russian tv does n't happen in the west . 
  i really need the guardian and you to enlighten me that we have . 
  did not know . 
  another european supporting pre-ww2 borders ? 
   i agree . 
  take back lw\u00f3w . 
   i heartily recommend russian state tv  ) ) looks like somebody watches it , wow !, 
  now i know where - in poland !, 
   but aggression and fearmongering ? 
  not really . 
  i am sure that is the common attitude ( i mean yours ) . 
   their mentality towards the soviet era and stalin in particular please , do not believe your papers , 
  because delfi.lv has a russian pages also . 
   latvians creating concentration camps for russians sure not , we are not so silly to believe such shit . 
  but some news makes us to feel a little sorrow . 
  like http://ru.delfi.lt/abroad/global/latviya-shtraf-140-evro-za-russkij-yazyk-v-fejsbuke.d?id=71916606, 
   if you want to watch teledebates on how awful nato countries are , once a week or more nobody i know watches them . 
  though i think there are some political-oriented freaks . 
  as elsewhere . 
   i do n't think that your country 's propaganda is much better yep . 
  propaganda is propaganda everywhere . 
  and the topic was started with the good example , 
   how are things working out for actual russians since the crimea annexation ? 
  better ? 
  not much worse . 
  and please do not believe obama or your propaganda that it 's because of some sanctions . 
  our economy highly depends on oil price . 
  and the price dropped dramatically . 
  year ago i 've met canadian while travelling in the us . 
  he said , the same for them . 
   russia ... despite it 's rampant racism and nationalism so wrong . 
   that sometimes your country can do yes we can . 
  but how long ago did it happen last time ? 
  as for the portugal and like - it was sometime not so good empiring in africas . 
  especially at the beginning . 
  but you made it worse leaving the colonies on their own , do n't you think ? 
  just like it was in the ussr it is the same thing now . 
  estonia has the right for the nationalism . 
  they suffered . 
  same with latvia . 
  same with lithuania . 
  and do not forget about ukraine - they have doubled right for the nationalism . 
  only russia has to be internationalist . 
  and it is . 
   putin is n't nationalist . 
  not even near . 
  unfortunately  ) ), 
   want to push their ideology on us sorry . 
  from here it looks as though we do not care much . 
  visa versa may be . 
  we do n't want pushing some of yours  as for myself - i dislike soviet union . 
  but for me it does not mean to dislike russia , as it may be for you . 
  mmm . 
  so it would be from lutherans , i believe . 
  and i 've some thought about latvians . 
  it looks for me that sometimes they are closer to germans than to estonians . 
  ( yes , their history , i know ), 
   france and germany had more wars than poland and germany you can not compare . 
  the guy is speaking about the last war . 
  last german-french war lasted less than two months and ended in embrace . 
  oh , i 've just seen in this topic - very tolerant :  putting czechs and polish and others together with russia is kinda racist . 
   central europeans do n't trust us westerners some om them who i talked to - because of the friendly help they received from the west to their industry and agriculture . 
   stewed beef canned one . 
  for sure . 
  the best . 
  i by this only belorussian for camping . 
  ( and sure it 's two-three times more expensive - for having more meat ) . 
  not at all . 
  i agree with you . 
  in ussr times ( and later ) i 've been there . 
  you 're pointing right vector for the mentality : polacy - lietuviai - latvie\u0161i - eestlased - suomalaiset ( have striked out russians . 
  so many people here are afraid and offended to be associated or to say something even neutral about r. , 
   we share nothing with russia i love lithuanians . 
  and sorry , we have a lot in common . 
   we are northern europeans :d really ? 
  i used to think that even st. petersburg is more to the north , 
   estonia and latvia have a lot in common and so do latvia and lithuania , but not estonia and lithuania but sure . 
  the border .
