  even considering to have better relations with putin-putin-putin should be the crime nowadays in free europe . 
  but - [ turkey ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:historical_europe-asia_boundaries_1700_to_1900.png ), 
  how could they ? 
  they were quickly put into the ghettos and prison camps . 
  and killed . 
  poland was out of almost all their jews before they got communism . 
  nazi camps ... 
  poland the same as ukraine was historically highly anti-semitic . 
  poland get rid of almost all their jews before they got communism . 
  we had had . 
  and the bulgarians also had some reforms and do not have these letters now . 
   an end to the russian denial of direct involvement and what ? 
   recent moldovan one was based on russian russian alphabet is based on bulgarian . 
  we have just three more letters ( now ) . 
  they have russian mirror - you can switch the language there . 
   cell-mates matter of translation ? 
  and mind , the source is highly anti-russian . 
   if the major wanted to build a huge prick in the middle of the city he would be praised by all free europe / s except for some feminists may be . 
  they will claim for a ` pair ' corresponding monument by the side . 
  yes, 
  the answer is : they are flat !, 
  i hope they would have a rental bikes , so you would be able to reach your own , parked far away in acceptable time . 
  right . 
  yes . 
  the thing is that we do not like even anti-putinism from foreigners . 
  we think that it our problems are our problems , and do not like outside criticism . 
  the map shows it clear - what a ridiculous figure is this gdp per capita . 
  that 's the facts , sorry , not conclusions . 
  i do not think of them as \u00dcbermensch , but should recognise the military effectiveness of their regiments . 
   what conclusion you want to present what do you know about my conclusions ? 
  you have some , i suppose . 
  i do not care , let you have any conclusions on any matters , even about conclusions of other people you invent for them so easily . 
  not me . 
  i 've just quoted the wiki for you . 
   south ossetian aggression was fine aggresion on their own land ? 
   the huge red army that time it was not a huge and very weak army . 
  surrendered to the germans . 
  latvians was good for their strong german-stile discipline . 
   5 million troops on a field . 
  on a field ... revolution was made in the big cities . 
  latvian riflemen became also the personal lenin 's and kremlin guards . 
   the riflemen took an active part in the suppression of anti-bolshevik uprisings in moscow and yaroslavl in 1918 . 
  they fought against estonia , denikin , yudenich , and wrangel . 
  after victory in oryol-kromy operation against denikin in october 1919 division of latvian riflemen received the highest military recognition of that time : the honorable red flag of vtsik . 
  sprats, 
  right . 
  i was in london 8 times in last 16 months . 
  and i should agree - there are the same apples . 
  and i do not like them , sorry . 
  you know , i hope that i 'll visit poland this autumn and would have a chance to get some real apples . 
  but the stuff from poland we had had in our supermarkets - it 's all the same as everywhere . 
  nothing special . 
  in moscow official minimum is 1,72 . 
  but nobody will work for this money . 
  with current exchange rate russia has 0,76 now . 
  but it is very artificial figure . 
  used mostly for calculating penalties and unemployment money . 
  and the above is all-russia minimum . 
  different regions are allowed to make their own . 
  for example in moscow it is $ 1,72 . 
  \u0412\u043e\u0442 \u043e\u043d\u0438 : http://www.bbc.com/russian/features-40716206, 
  sorry , but your apples are the same shit as all over in europe and america . 
  i do not blame polaks . 
  it 's modern agriculture - they care not about the taste , but about long lasting . 
  an apple that can lay on the shelf of supermarket for a year and a half !, 
  good apples can be found now only in small private gardens . 
   the people are starving now here i am . 
  starving . 
  send me 100 . 
  yep . 
  still have to buy our missiles from romania . 
  he will show you the recent russian bbc article . 
  i lol , reading it . 
   always use an excuse for banning imports not always . 
  this is from time to time , often as political or economic reply . 
  but the most current sanctions are without such explanations . 
  they are simple countersanctions , and are put like this . 
   are up 79 % over two years . 
  the real headline should look like this :  russian on-air attack sparks propaganda debate on \u0412\u0412\u0421 and reddit, 
  the humor is that pitynski himself was thinking only about anti soviet fighters , not mentioning any anti german resisting . 
  ( see wiki ), 
  thank you . 
  that was ** diplomatic ** comment from peskov . 
  not some threats . 
  we are not . 
  he was the first . 
  praise . 
  but there are better books already . 
  he had no good sources . 
   `` we believe that all parties , especially those countries that pretend to play a role in the settlement , should avoid any actions that could provoke an increase in tensions in the already-difficult region , '' kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov said . 
  misinterpreted for sure . 
  not a warn at all . 
  call for general restraint, 
  how should we behave towards us ? 
  make our apologies ? 
  listen and obey ? 
  not a soldier . 
  football fan . 
  very drunk . 
  not a paratrooper .
