  right . 
  but  while technically they are who knows ? 
  it is rather complicated engineering task . 
  while nukes for tomahawks are ready . 
  as for nato i would be concerned more with the potential capabilities of our new kalibr cruise missiles . 
  edited admitted . 
  the are nuclear warheads for iskander . 
   actually actually they claim . 
   i 've found one incident that may really have taken place . 
  russian boarder guards plane an-148 , see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antonov_an-148 serious threat . 
  it could have dropped there !, 
    since sanctions and war in ukraine and since that much more reconnaissance flights at russian border . 
  so what ? 
  it 's natural for both sides . 
  and it never broke any zones , you should admit . 
  everything was legal . 
  be precise , please . 
   nukes are not that easy to move quietly between countries why ? 
  inside the same container that anti-missile rockets . 
  they are the same size , this is the point . 
   russia has nukes in kaliningrad and crimea too no . 
  we have no g-g nuclear missiles of short and middle range . 
  see ` intermediate-range nuclear forces treaty ' . 
  and no sense of putting there strategical ones . 
   you do n't need to have a missile shield on your territory we have only one . 
  around moscow . 
  may not have more . 
  see ` anti-ballistic missile treaty '  i do n't believe there will be a nuclear war i agree 100 % . 
  but it is not what politicians and top brass are paid for . 
  perfect !, 
   enjoy living thank you . 
  now allowed . 
  this is just what i was begging for . 
  they are in their right , i agree . 
  what is concerning russia in us positioning anti-missile rockets in europe close to russian borders - is not the weakening of potential strategic strike , no . 
  military experts claim that the launchers of this anti-missile systems can be used for launching an existing ground-to-ground missiles . 
  and with nukes as well . 
  the problem ( for russia ) - is that we would not know . 
  the problem ( for europe states admitting ) - is that because of such fear ( and too short time for such positioned missiles to reach russia ) these positions would be the first aim . 
  edit - and europe can be innocent , that would be american nukes and american war , but ... :(, 
   baltic nations air zones are constantly broken name just one incident  nearly all russian army excercises involve using nukes may be we have such . 
  but such you 'll never see . 
  these are happening at deep underground headquarters , 
  right . 
  he really is majoring in poland political history , i 've looked . 
  i do n't know . 
  but why not ? 
  with so many economic and family and cultural links to blockade them would be silly . 
   about sound education by the way may be you are right . 
  and in ten years or so we we will forget about estonia completely . 
  and lose it on the map . 
  but if you know something about war - the major ( incompatible ) losses were from heavy artillery already in ww2 . 
  neither europe nor usa have the means to quickly transport heavy weapons . 
  thus - americans tanks are already in estonia . 
  but this is small regiment . 
   and want everyone else to live in shit too . 
  live as you like . 
  we really do not care . 
  though with our sound education we are still able to point you on the map . 
  but , please , reciprocate . 
  forget about us . 
  let us live in any shit we want . 
  you can not stop the invasion you are afraid of with conventional arms , alas . 
  ** but , repeat , relax . 
  they will just join the eu , that 's the patron . 
  might makes right . 
   russia would be defeated by combined eu and nato power no . 
  nobody will defend estonia to death point . 
  and it could happen to the world with all that nukes . 
  but relax . 
  we really do not care much about baltics , really . 
  i agree . 
  - do you think that for russia , serbia in eu is bad ? 
  - do you agree that any country should defend its interests ? 
  - is the propaganda one of the means to defend one 's interest ? 
  ( as for myself , i would say ` no ' to the first question ) . 
   they were n't so hung up on nostalgia and still in the prime of soviet years is exaggerated by media , beleive me . 
  sure . 
  because it is turkey in nato . 
  not armenia . 
  money is the force in this world . 
  remember the golden rule : * whoever has the gold makes the rules * , 
  thank you . 
   why someone would think the eu that 's why i am interested . 
  to listen to many opinions . 
  i 've visited bulgaria couple of years ago . 
  and was quite on my own , not having any conversations with locals . 
  ( to tell the truth nobody seemed to have much interest in such conversation with russian . 
  worse than that  . 
  except one contact - i have hired a man with a car for a day trip - to go with my son to shipka from the coast . 
  he was highly negative about eu . 
  but he was of my age ( i 'm 55 now ) , former military officer . 
   still does n't mean he 's doing a good job may be be , may be . 
  but for the people - all the improvement was with his rule . 
   crimea/ukraine/georgia incidents , how does that actually benefit russians yes . 
  that is the point . 
  let me remind something from the roman law : is fecit , cui prodest , 
  nope . 
  that is how some people in estonia thinks . 
  may be they are wrong , but i listen to both sides .
