christian values ... sure , you are ready that i 'll say : family values . 
  right you are . 
  but this is only on the surface and just one of the consequences . 
  the modern west does not want to now the concept of sin . 
  there are no more sin or sinful . 
  just - legal or illegal - that 's what counts . 
  you are allowed and ok to do everything within the current legislation . 
  but if this is within the leaky law - you 're ok . ( should i continue with very political incorrect examples ? 
  / s ) ( step upper ) what is the sin ? 
  sin in religions - is not obeying the moral rules ( note , all the religions are about the moral rules , this is their meaning and purpose ) . 
  ( one more step ) in classic christianity ( orthodox , catholic - i have to mention , because some of the protestants have rejected the following ) -- man has a free will . 
  it is very important concept for the christianity . 
  just because you have a free will granted by god , it 's for you to decide - steal or not to steal , murder or not to murder - there from comes the difference between the sin or purity . 
  ( without your ability do choose there can not be sin ) . 
  what do post-christian west have now ? 
  it is throwing the ` sin ' out with the ` free will ' . 
  sure , they are closely connected . 
  and free will is not only in doing , also in thinking . 
  and now - smb is even not allowed to have opinions , that differ from the legislation approved . 
  ( or from the majority , excuse my french ) . 
  smb is deprived of his own free will . 
  - resume : post-christianity deprives the people of freedom . 
  not who . 
  what . 
  christian values . 
  ( thus - the european civilization ), 
  influence of the western post-christianity . 
  one . 
  sure , less chances . 
  more money in moscow , so the manufacturers prefer to bring it here . 
  second . 
  believe me , cheese is not a big deal in russia . 
  we have no big historical habit of eating cheese , do not last for it . 
  especially in the province . 
  i am myself rather indifferent to it . 
  i buy it only for my girlfriend . 
   he can became dictator and ban further elections . 
  / s  anyway , 4 years is enough time to make such shit that you will deal with it for another hundred . 
  he can became dictator and ban further elections . 
  / s anyway , 4 years is enough time to make such shit that you will deal with it for another hundred . 
   can get rid of the president in 4 years not necessarily . 
  he can became dictator and ban further elections . 
  / s anyway , 4 years is enough time to make such shit that you will deal with it for another hundred . 
  pm me when you 'll be in moscow . 
  i 'll show you . 
  for making profit . 
  ( and mackba there is also right ), 
   stick to the topic at hand and remain civil towards other users . 
  deficit is when you can not find , not when you can not afford . 
   oil crash that is the main point , i think . 
  everything imported just became two times more expensive here . 
  the ruble is still tied to the oil price . 
   life changing decisions should not be made by a ( highly volatile ) simple majority that 's right . 
  i fully agree . 
  but it is democracy , alas . 
  elections of some president is the same thing - it can be a life changing decision . 
  and i would go further - the more sophisticated the issue the less people are able to make a right decision , so the majority would be wrong . 
  ( nobody is making a poll on how to heal the person - it 's for doctors to decide / s ), 
  and our troops were entering . 
  name it as you want . 
  i envy czechs . 
   deficit of good one not a deficit . 
  but it is capitalism - so the price depends on supply/demand . 
  they started making hard cheeses here not long ago . 
  much more we have than year ago , but still the manufacturers can afford to keep rather high prices . 
  smuggling is about making profit . 
  you can say that caviar is deficit - with the same reason . 
  smuggling is a sort of business . 
  we have decent food . 
  and cheese also can be good . 
  and can be bad . 
  as in england , us and everywhere , i suppose . 
  depends on the price . 
  about bullshitting - when you have visited russia ? 
  to rely on your experience , not propaganda articles ? 
   the samples of the equipment passed all necessary tests and corresponded to the standards . 
  but later , as the investigators say , the actual head of the company aeroservis llc decided to reduce the cost of this equipment and make a profit , so he went to the trick . 
  implementing the plan , the suspect in the period from january 1 , 2015 to july 2016 organized the production and sale of air purifiers without equipping the above equipment with the necessary cleaning catalysts and other details , in the absence of which their use does not have a bactericidal effect on airborne viruses and bacteria . 
  as a result , in the specified period of time , falsified equipment was delivered to clinics in over 100 cities and other settlements of the russian federation, 
  that 's funny how much more europeans care about navalny than we are / s, 
   even our cheese is much better that the shit the `` superpower '' produces . 
  cheese differs . 
  ( as i am sure it is in ukraine ) . 
  we have good one also . 
  starting from about $ 10 for the kilo . 
   why not just start a company that makes great cheese but many did so after the sanctions begun . 
  really . 
  i can see it while shopping . 
  big difference in three years . 
  even some italians quickly came here and started the local production . 
  sure we would not try to teach ukrainians about smuggling . 
  as everywhere . 
  you can found the same in london . 
  but you can get real and good russian made . 
  it is just two times more expensive . 
  not much . 
  what is causing pain here - are the oil prices . 
  they differs . 
  yes , if you pay 5 $ for a kilo of cheese - it would be bad . 
  the good one starts from about 10 $ .
