  is this that only in russia somebody remembers , that us sanctions against russia began before ukrainian events ? 
   now , president donald trump has a different goal : energy dominance . 
  ( that 's why us is aiming at ns2 ) http://www.cnbc.com/2017/06/28/trump-america-energy-dominant-policy.html, 
  sure . 
  those who gain financially are for , those who lose are against . 
  it 's natural . 
  i would say that russia has agreed to sell , 
   to fake ffids or steal nato assets signals are encrypted, 
   that was invested by bolsheviks https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4a/coat_of_arms_of_austria.svg/200px-coat_of_arms_of_austria.svg.png  ), 
  i would say that it is rather neutral ( as it could be for the soviet time  the film is good . 
  piece of art . 
  they have it on youtube , in lithuanian . 
   very peculiar way i 'm about bbc and stuff . 
   serious stetement ? 
  serious . 
  if you are ready to be objective . 
  hummer and sickle is not symbol of stalinism ( as with swastika of hitlerism ) . 
  it had had and has much wider use . 
   was n't that hard to google it either : propaganda wars / just as with discussed case . 
  i live here . 
  i do not like stalin . 
  i am unbiased . 
   to put the swastika and hammer and sickle on an equally prohibited yes , it 's crazy decision, 
  you can already have visa from your europe vacations  i now a lot of people that were shopping that way . 
   users are no longer allowed to communicate anonymously wrong . 
  for ex . 
  go and register yourself with any fake name in fb , lj ( now totally russian ) and so on . 
  and with fb account - you can use it almost everywhere for anonymizing without extra efforts ( another accounts ) . 
   and their data is stored exclusively in russia . 
  yes , if they have such data . 
  but see above . 
  stick to the topic at hand and remain civil towards other users . 
  you 're right . 
  too far for them it was  though they were in greece and yugoslavia . 
  agreed, 
  kremlin already stated that this ` move ' is wrong . 
  just matter of words . 
  english is not my native . 
  let it be ` fine ' . 
  we had an anecdote . 
  ( do not know , whether local or translated ) . 
  two finnish traffic policemen are standing by the road . 
  some car passes by with such speed , that they could not notice the license plate . 
  - whooo ... it waaas ? 
  * ( very slow speaking ) * - mikaaaa haaakkineeeen ... shame of the nation . 
  yes . 
  why should i be against ? 
  similar , but not . 
  i am not critisizing the uk . 
  they are in their right . 
  if it would make you happier - it 's not fine , it 's more , it 's great !, 
   it 's nature is for the pricing the same for some goods in finland ( before the rouble dropped ) . 
  the same was poland for people in kaliningrad . 
  but it is natural for some prices to differ and for the people to have advantage of this . 
  what is the matter for criticism ? 
   it is `` fine '' . 
  for me , it 's not fine . 
  it 's just not the matter to be concerned about . 
  i do not care . 
  just like finns who incidentally go through the trouble of applying for visa and crossing the russian border just to buy our vodka . 
   economic output no . 
  the most impressive example - latvia . 
  ( no surprise , it was the most industrial developed in baltic ) . 
  and figures of economic ( not industrial ) output are tricky . 
  put an offshore banking - they rise while doing nothing . 
  rise the prices and salaries - people eat the same amount of bread , but again figures rise . 
   and standard of living is improving may be - i 've mentioned . 
  give them money so they can spend it on western goods , 
  forget it , downvote , feel happy . 
   stop trying to shift the blame and own up to your ... oooooooo !, 
  please stop blaming me for blaming . 
  we do not . 
  yes , it was our yeltsin , it was our kozyrev , it was our history . 
  blaming is for east eur , they are good at it  but facts are facts . 
   what your point is the point is - eu is suffocating if not killing local weak industries . 
  young people leave because they have no jobs . 
   it 's logical to be aggressive towards west we are not aggressive . 
  but we lost our economy with a great help of west . 
   their success 1 . 
  the smaller the country the easier to reform , the less money is needed to help 2 . https://worldview.stratfor.com/article/baltics-emigration-and-demographic-decline, 
   parliament has adopted numerous laws that limit not a one named  most independent debate now takes place online listen to ` echo moskvy '  parliament passed a law requiring telecommunications and internet companies to retain the contents of all communications for six months nothing to do with freedom of speech . 
  security measures . 
  ( look at the us , ` patriot act ' he ), 
   basically blame no . 
  i do not blame . 
  just let us accept , that everybody looks for its own economic advantage . 
  it is natural , so i would not blame . 
  us looks for their , eu for their , even countries inside the eu sometime can have different interests . 
  in the interest of every country - to produce themselves and to sell . 
  would you disagree , that russia was and is interesting to west as a market first . 
  and last  and you can not compare us to estonia or latvia . 
  it was rather easy for the eu just to buy them . 
  give them money , close their small industry . 
  let them buy from developed countries . 
  left them some jobs , invite others to go to weur . 
  but it is too expensive to buy russia - too many people to feed . 
   significantly lately sure , only under putin . 
  time was worse than wasted under yeltsin . 
  it was expected . 
  sure you are about the last poll of levada-center .
