  so the consequences . 
   kinda racist agreed !, 
  do not mix us with czechs and polaks !, 
  you know , i was just relaxing with my little son . 
  at the beach . 
  sozopol is not such crowdy . 
  rather calm place when compared to . 
  imho, 
  i was there !, 
  ( two weeks vacations ) . 
  nice place . 
  now they have a lot of unregistered guns . 
  by this began not after the ussr . 
  it began with their chaos and war in 2014 . 
  yes . 
  and i bet all of them are left libertarians . 
  - son , where is the gun i gave you ? 
  - o , father , look at this fine swiss watch . 
  i exchanged it for the gun . 
  - and now , if somebody will tell you ` go fuck your mother ' -- you would show him what time it is ? 
  i am not a big fan of ukraine , as you can guess , but this is by far surpassing ` russian propaganda ', 
  right . 
  and maybe more beating murders that with knives , 
   states that allowed for concealed carry without permits had a 31 percent lower murder rate and 28 percent lower violent crime rate than `` the seven jurisdictions with the lowest percentage of permit holders . '', 
  looks funny , but in stalin times in ussr you need no licence to by a hunting gun ( not rifle though ) . 
  russia - 7.1 for 2016 . 
  it looks like the same they did for russia . 
  russia today : 7,3 mln guns , 4,5 mln owners . 
  ( official police figures ) . 
  population 146,8 mln . 
  it makes only about 5 per 100 . 
  as i mentioned before , gazprom does not care for politics in its media in a way you could suppose . 
  not so much , i tell you . 
  oil price really matters . 
  if you look at rouble / $ rate you see that it is tied to oil . 
  though local made stuff ( food , gas , etc. ), 
  goes up ( in roubles ) slow with usual inflation rate . 
  and such as electricity , water , heating bills are slightly changed only once in couple of years . 
   president obama reported oh !, 
  really , obama himself !? 
  i give up . 
  how could not i notice this tatters before , silly me , living here in russia . 
  so what ? 
  if it 's gazprom owned copyright it is not real copyright ? 
  the guys have been blocked in india for a long time and are blocked in kazakhstan also . 
  pyatnitsa tv is purely entertainment ant tabloid style . 
  not as the gazprom owned radio echo moskvy , political and extremely opposition . 
  for gazprom their media is just business . 
  have not you noticed that today 's liberals are extremely intolerant to everything they see as non-liberal ? 
  there can be only one decent opinion - theirs . 
  tolerant , sure , have n't you knew ? 
  and woe to them who disagree . 
  you 're wrong . 
  it have not started at all . 
  thank god !, 
   were not people there who were carrying out certain tasks correct . 
  people , not servicemen . 
  right . 
  proof ? 
  link ? 
  : i will deliberately freeze my ears to make the grandmother be angry that was west politics towards serbia . 
  they 'll do everything silly and foolish if it was bad for serbia . 
  correct . 
  relatives would confirm everything now . 
  they 've received a call from his captors . 
  yes . 
  free lance , soldier of fortune . 
  i know some . 
   unless they 're secretly happy that crimea and donbass are n't voting against them . 
  sure they are, 
  you are right . 
  i checked - http://www.dailymotion.com/ is blocked . 
  edit looked at the court decision . 
  copyright claim from the owner of content - ` pyatnitsa ' tv channel . 
  ~ ~ checked . 
  everything started with http://www.elysee.fr/videos/ ... ( all videos ) is blocked ~ ~ no . 
  just their videohosting is blocked for some reason . 
  this one http://www.dailymotion.com/ edit looked at the court decision . 
  copyright claim from the owner of content - ` pyatnitsa ' tv channel . 
  in this video we see canadian instructors in the ukranian army . 
  may be there are some russian instructors in the army of rebelled republics . 
  but not in this video . 
  omg !, 
  smile . 
  now they can . 
  as well as spain . 
  it 's that easy - obtain the gun after obligatory training and exam . 
  like a driver 's license in some countries . 
  right . 
  just do strike moldova out from the list of developed . 
  ( no offence , but this is it ) . 
  another point is - why not ? 
  freedom should not be restricted by the governments without serious means . 
  and we have insignificant number of crimes with ** registered ** firearms . 
  ask citizens of israel . 
  there is . 
  but you can not evaluate it correctly by comparing different countries . 
  ( with different peoples ) . 
  you should compare the crime in the same country with or without gun restrictions . 
  surprise !,
