  if not - now hitler would be praised in europe for his war with bloody russia . 
  we are not america . 
  in all our history we could invade only neighboring . 
  thank you . 
  now please stop to care about what happened in 2014 . 
  it 's history already . 
  that 's what you get from ukrainian media ? 
  i was in yalta this winter on new year holidays . 
  banks , credit cards work , people are fine . 
  and the winter before i was in kiev . 
  i really hope that it is better now , than it was then . 
   all this ideas it 's not some ideas . 
  for ` ideas ' you have a lot of great thinkers in kiev . 
  it 's principles on which the current world 's map was made . 
   small drop sure not a big deal - considering better life for people in crimea . 
  it 's worth it . 
  there are some common accepted historical principles . 
  some state may claim or speak about current or former territories if there had been the state at all . 
  with this very territories . 
  thus lithuanians and belorussians may argue about something when remembering the territory of grand duchy of lithuania ( xiii c. - 1795 ) . 
  poles may about ... and similar . 
  thus . 
  anything ( and the only territories ) that can be spoken as ukraine is cossack hetmanate ( also named ruthenian state or zaporizhian host ) . 
  the hetmanate was founded by the hetman of zaporizhian host bohdan khmelnytsky during the uprising of 1648 -- 57 . 
  before all this lands had belonged to poland . 
  and this state was even smaller than six malorossia gubernias within the russian empire . 
  novorossia was affiliated to ukrainian republi\u0441 by soviets only in 1920 , without azov and crimea ( and such shit had happened all over the map of ussr lenin-made borders , preparing the ethnic clashes of late xx ) . 
  and crimea only by krushchev . 
  and nobody in the soviet time had considered all this ` soviet republics ' boarders as serious . 
  what was your land you are speaking about ? 
  ok , everybody . 
  i give up . 
  russia ( ns ) had been disliked , is disliked , will be disliked . 
  whatever had happened , have not happened , and would happen . 
  i just forget . 
  praise yourself even for your losses , blame the russia even for its losses . 
  so postsoviet . 
  they know better . 
  look for tampere lenin museum . 
  we closed such in moscow . 
  on 18 december ( 31 december n. s. ) the soviet russian government issued a decree , recognizing finland 's independence , and on 22 december ( 4 january 1918 n. s. ) it was approved by the highest soviet executive body , the all-russian central executive committee ( vtsik ) . 
  signed by lenin as head of gvmt, 
   unreliable partner surprise !, 
  why somebody would be reliable to unreliable ? 
  why somebody have to be friendly with unfriendly ? 
  translation ( google , i am lazy ) [ ukrainian source ] ( https://ru.slovoidilo.ua/2016/02/12/infografika/jekonomika/kak-menyalas-cena-rossijskogo-gaza-dlya-ukrainy-na-protyazhenii-24-let )  however , with the signing of the contract for the supply and transit of gas between gazprom and naftogaz ukriny for the period from 2009 to 2019 , it radically changed the rules of the game . 
  the cost of blue fuel began to be determined by a formula with reference to the cost of oil and products of its distillation in world markets . 
  there are so much claims in this law , that russia never ever would be able to meet all of them . 
  so it would not consider ** any ** changes , no sense . 
  it means the dead end - this sanctions would last forever . 
  do not stop at 2014 peak . 
  [ further ] ( https://media.slovoidilo.ua/media/infographics/2/14877/14877-1_uk_normal.jpg ), 
  for how long now ? 
  suppose lenin is loved more in finland than in russia . 
  what for ? 
  impossible in free markets world . 
  we need money . 
  but it would be liberating army !, 
   ( and i 'm sure , not russian . 
  american , as always ), 
  sure . 
  for the allies we can always drop the price . 
  why not ? 
  as it is for belorussia , as it was for ukraine . 
  considering that half of the country and military are against the current rule - invading for ` democracy ' would be not so hard for anybody . 
  too much people with sense of humor here . 
  as about guerilla war with turkey ... 
  i think we should leave it to the kurds . 
  they know better , 
  you should listen to https://youtu.be/qej9hrzq7ro , 
  sure . 
  they say it in open when imposing these sanctions . 
   the us senate said it was the policy of the united states to continue to oppose gazprom 's nord stream 2 pipeline project , saying it would have a detrimental impact on the european union 's energy security , gas market development in central and eastern europe and energy reforms in ukraine . 
   russia does care about baltics because russia baltics think so , trying to feel them important . 
  i live here . 
  so do n't need to waste time looking for fitting examples on our tv channels propaganda . 
  we have some care about ukraine , yes . 
  but baltics ? 
  same as finland , or some moldovia for us . 
  no sensible transit or economic links . 
  have you seen this law ? 
  they 've put every possible blame there . 
  even the russian hackers vs us elections . 
  omg !, 
   such comprehension means that this sanctions would last forever . 
  saves time for american congress . 
  now they have no need to think some new sanctions again and again . 
   russia is not friendly towards my country oh , no . 
  what for ? 
  we just do not care . 
  apparently they have hot and dry summer this year . 
  conventionally these barriers have to be filled with water . 
  if oresharski was not blackmailing russia in 2014 ... 
  thank you !, 
  to the bookmarks !, 
  :( i do not qualify with my russian residency . 
  though do know now , what to look for . 
  right  now , president donald trump has a different goal : energy dominance . 
  no much care there about ukraine . 
  it is a pretext .
