  profit margin for mcdonald 's in norway is 8,9 % . 
  in sweden it 's 14,17 % . 
  it 's not true though . 
  norwegians can afford and many do buy new furniture and new cars every few years . 
  it 's just that it is n't necessary to buy new stuff just for the sake of it . 
  also taxes are lower than in denmark for example . 
  on a regular income you pay 25 % income tax . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  first of all eating lunch at a cafeteria are getting more common and second of all many norwegians prefer to eat a sandwich because it 's fast and easy . 
  it 's all up to personal preference . 
  the places i 've worked you always had some people going to a store or bakery to get their lunch . 
  we can afford it , it 's just that we prefer to use money on other things instead . 
  i 've never had to call of something because i could n't afford it . 
  i think a lot of it can be explained by culture . 
  norwegians are very conservative with their money . 
  we do n't use money unless we feel we get something from it . 
  that 's why we do n't drive around in nicer cars even though we can afford it , yet we use millions on real estate . 
  buying a car is a loss , while buying real estate is n't . 
  i guess that 's why we 're rich in the first place . 
  [ i think us beating brazil in 1998 is by far our proudest sports moment . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvkqxonx_ig ), 
  the f35 is a very capable plane that will suit our needs well . 
  there is literally no reason to buy a previous generation plane when you can get the latest version . 
  with every new product there may be some problems in the beginning , but most of them have been sorted out . 
  if you listen to the pilots that fly the f35 they much prefer it to the f16 . 
  around 50 % of electricity in norway is imported , often from coal or other fossil sources . 
  i do n't know what the numbers are from other countries though . 
  same here in norway . 
  norway exports hydropower and imports coal from europe so the cars end up being run off coal anyways . 
  people will suspect them to cheat here in europe too . 
  cigarettes are heavily taxed . 
  they 're actually # 8,60 in norway . 
  but assume they 're cheaper because of the strong pound . 
  well , i guess that 's also true  nah , just kidding !, 
  happy cakeday by the way !, 
  i love that city . 
  was there in the winter and returing now in the fall . 
  cheap , beautiful women and great nightlife !, 
  i would say that is a valid reason to give away the position . 
  it must be political suicide to be conviced !, 
  wait . . 
  does n't he loose the position as a mayor if he goes to jail ? 
  or our previous government . 
  it 's the same here in norway . 
  never heard about the concept before i joined reddit . 
  do n't really notice a thing . 
  they say food and other goods like clothes and cars have become more expensive but only by a small amount . 
  most necessities are not imported so in that regard it 's no big change . 
  actually the only time it 's really noticeable is when travelling abroad . 
  but considering how much cheaper the rest of europe is it does n't really stop people from travelling . 
  more people have taken their vacation in norway though . 
  this has lead to a record summer for the tourism industry !, 
  but shrinking it in a time with low demand in the private sector is just stupidity . 
  the public sector is inefficient everywhere , but it does create jobs in the end . 
  finland could with no problems at all create a stimulus programme and upgrade infrastructure etc. 
  their debt is fairly low and the state is dependable when it comes to taxes etc. 
  i would imagine the problems in finland is structural and not because of wages ( which are n't that high compared to western europe ) . 
  when you cut public sector wages you are basically removing demand . 
  internal devaluation sucks . 
  here in norway our currency just made us 12 % cheaper than we were against the euro without having to cut wages . 
  i do n't think you realize how important gas is for europe . 
  the industry is absolutely relying on it . 
  the eu do n't even want to sanction russian gas since they rely so much on it . 
  do it in the winter months and it will send a good and cold message down to the rest of europe . 
  the eu should just be a trading block , and not interfere with a sovereign country 's politics . 
  now we have a government that wants reduced immigration , so i doubt they would cave in to eu 's demands anyways . 
  implying eu is our only trading partner . 
  i 'm sure non eu countries would be more than happy to trade with the richest country in europe . 
  but i bet the u.k would be quick to demand the eu to remove sanctions considering they are completely reliant on our oil and gas . 
  we have enough money to keep the state running for 4 years atleast . 
  so no . 
  it 's rather the industries on mainland europe that will notice it when 40 % of the gas supplies suddenly stop . 
  well you can depend on the swiss to do business . 
  but when you throw a lot of politics in the mix you are more or less destroying a mutural beneficial relationship . 
  i 'm a norwegian and i would be more than happy if we shut down gas supplies to europe if the eu wants to play dirty . 
  aaaand the wealth is gone . 
  it would n't be in the eu 's interest to create a tax with a trading partner that imports more from the eu than it exports . 
  the contruction sector is already on track to pass oil as the biggest employer in the country . 
  they are already booming because of massive investments in infrastructure . 
  not enough money to pay their wages . 
  when will it end ? 
  oslo has more concerts in a year than stockholm and copenhagen combined . 
  do n't want to be in a union with you poor germans !, 
  why does cost of living matter when they get money from the government to cover it ? 
  cost of living is low in gemany when you compare it to the rest of western europe . 
  i assume you can get by on minimum wage just fine . 
  that 's the old one . 
  it 's the brand new one that is currently in the u.s. 
  it 's kind of facinating to see how different immigrant policies are between denmark and sweden even though they share so many other similarities . 
  gave or lent ? 
  yes we can . 
  we have 3 choices within the efta framework when it comes to eu regulations . 
  either implement it without changes , implement it with changes or veto it . 
  it 's not often used , but the possibility is there . 
  i would assume most bailouts are paid back with interest by now . 
  spot on !, 
  i 'm so tired of hearing politicians say that we need to increase taxes to keep the welfare state going , while at the same time reading that the state could save billions on better purchasing practices alone !, 
  usually neighboring countries have some sort of agreement . 
  for example did the scandinavian countries have a passport union way before schengen . 
  do n't know anyone who has won an election by wanting to increase immigration .
