  even though you can plan your meals , it often happens that you forget a few things . 
  luckily the town i grew up in had a store that were open on sundays , and i ca n't count all the times it saved me when i had forgot to buy something . 
  and pay twice the price for stuff ? 
  you are already aware of the possibility that you might have to work on sundays when you sign the employment contract . 
  just like any other occupation that requires someone to work on sundays . 
  i know several students who would love to have to opportunity to work on sundays to get some extra cash . 
  watch out so you do n't ruin his free day by bothering him ... 
  i do n't need to shop everyday , but i like the opportunity . 
  for example if i have been away for the weekend and find myself going home on a sunday afternoon . 
  i would like to be able to shop at that day since i was n't able to before i left . 
  is n't it the opposite ? 
  if you live a busy life you appreciate the convenience of being able to shop on sundays ... 
  it 's not really . 
  the only reason why we do n't allow fully sunday open stores is because of christians and scare propaganda from the trade unions . 
  i 'm sure most people would be more than happy to shop on sundays . 
  give it 5-10 years and we will get there . 
  we 're just kind of conservative . 
  the convenience is great , and students and other people looking for part-time employment benefits . 
  one of the things that really bugged me about austria was the very short opening times and the lack of stores being open on sunday . 
  i though we were strict in norway but you are on a whole different level . 
  in norway people like to say that they are being opposed to stores being open on sundays . 
  yet they flock to sweden and the few stores that do have open on sunday in norway . 
  the double standard is hilarious . 
  what 's interesting is that the city with the most tourists in norway , oslo , is n't classified as a tourist town and does n't have this possibility . 
  oh yes . 
  the tiny spar at wien hbf is absolutely packed on sundays . 
  i feel the opposite . 
  after i moved to a country where stores are open on sundays i would hate to go back to my country where that is not the case . 
  i have worked in retail and would love for stores to be open on sundays in norway . 
  it 's all fun and games until you actually need something . 
  one of the things i love about poland is the convenience of being able to get what you need at any time of the week . 
  the same reason why skateboarding used to be illegal and there was a huge debate about allowing colour-television . 
  norwegians are very conservative and afraid of change . 
  their probably have locked in the exchange rate for several months at a time . 
  that 's why price increases/decreases tend to take some time . 
  western europe already owns eastern europe so there is not that much left to buy . 
  these are some good theories that could help explain why it is that way !, 
  it is more expensive yes , but the difference in high earners is actually quite large . 
  it says in the article that 450 000 danes earn more 459 200 dkk a year which is about 559 000 nok . 
  now the amount of norwegians that earn more than 600 000 nok a year is 919 200 . 
  i know that salaries are high in norway , but according to [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage ) the average gross wage in denmark is actually higher than in norway . 
  this is why i found it interesting that it was so few that earned more than 1 million . 
  did n't know only 50 000 danes earned more than 1 million a year . 
  thought it would be way more . 
  they could join on the day if they wanted to . 
  to be fair i also have no trust in the eu 's military capabilities . 
  i 'm sure it would end up in a huge gridlock where only some countries would actually take responsibility and give a half-assed response . 
  the us is currently nominating other airports in europe to also have pre-clearance . 
  so in not too long you will no longer have that advantage . 
   we really need to bring in norway as a uk replacement . 
  does n't seem tempting to be brussel 's cash cow to be honest . 
  already have the u.s for that . 
  it would not surprise me . 
  i 've talked to friends who have been to iceland and they say it 's actually kind of expensive . 
  being on an island probably has something to do with it !, 
  i do n't find it expensive at all compared to wages to be honest . 
   of course i believe every multinaitonal and corporation should be included as well ( or maybe they are ) so we can all see how little they are contributing to society . 
  if the company is listed on the stock exchange they are obliged to show their financials , which includes taxes paid . 
  and this is why the eu will never federalize and the euro will stay broken . 
  not gon na lie , that 's actually kind of cool !, 
  visit eastern europe . 
  still cheap and it has lot of things to offer !, 
  it also increases domestic production in addition to exports . 
  a weak pound also increase domestic production . 
  it 's not all about exports , even though they also increase . 
  a weaker pound would increase domestic production and exports . 
  something that should more than make up for the loss of imports . 
   except , no one gives a shit about the numbers in that currency , everyone looks at the value in us dollars . 
  ppp dollars . 
  because it does n't change as much when it comes to exchange rates . 
  experience , contacts and a better well being ? 
  a weak pound would actually increase growth , not decrease it . 
  [ the uk is actually one of the countries in the eu that relies the least on imports ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ne.imp.gnfs.zs ) . 
  obviously the uk measure its gdp in pounds , just like other countries measure theirs in their own respective currency . 
  [ only germans , austrians and luxembourgers ] ( http://60811b39eee4e42e277a-72b421883bb5b133f34e068afdd7cb11.r29.cf3.rackcdn.com/2015/04/pew-research-centre.png ) . 
  yes this is the same experience i have too . 
  however if you are an expat from the west you can get very good working conditions and pay compared to the locals . 
  not like the eu is so good on the environment either . 
  come here to poland and you too can enjoy the nice smell of fresh burnt coal wherever you go !, 
  what you said in the last message . 
  people complaining about the lack of sovereignity and people wanting more power to the eu . 
  if the eu would have stayed a trade block and gave the members the opportunity to negotiate trade agreements this would not have been an issue . 
  for example could every country except belgium have a trade agreement with canada and everyone would be happy . 
   pleas spare me this redicilous theory xd its an outdated 90s concept of the end of history . 
  and than war happened , so pleas spare me . 
  have you forgotten that europe has been at war with eachother pretty much since its existence ? 
  it 's only been calm lately , because of international cooperation . 
  we do n't have to go back later than the 90 's when the balkans was at war . 
  or more recently in ukraine . 
   eu got created to compete on the global scene more easely , not to give canada a runing start . 
  europe must look towards the interests of europeans , not canadians . 
  how is the interest of europeans not being safeguarded as a result of this agreement ? 
   not neceseraly , trade can also result in the distruction of local industy , los of jobs ect . 
  it can , but it is in 90 % of cases muturally beneficial . 
  you may loose some jobs in one sector , but you will gain a lot in other sectors . 
  this is literally something that every econ course will teach you . 
   there is a reason we call it protectionism , it protects us from them . 
  it strenghens domestic economy , by eliminating outside conpetition . 
  it 's also a reason why countries have gone away from this way of thinking . 
  since it does n't lead to prosperity .
