  eh companies can do that already ? 
  and the u.k ? 
  i hope what you are saying is true . 
  a few icelanders i have met at uni said that the country was going down the shitter so they would stay in norway . 
  but i wish all the best to the icelanders !, 
  glad that some northern norwegians are embracing the weather . 
  me , i want to get away from here asap . 
  especially after living in the south-east for some years and realizing that nice summers do exist even in this country . 
  iceland is n't doing to well at the moment according to icelanders i have spoken to . 
  also the weather is even more horrible than in norway . 
  switzerland or u.k. for language and economic reasons . 
  milk is literally 4 times more expensive here in norway !, 
  where did i say break the bank or use the pension fund ? 
  i said prioritize . 
  that means that instead of funding the opera which needs heavy subsidies one could instead use that money on roads . 
  there is a lot of things that could be cut which most people would n't notice to free up money for infrastructure . 
  pretty sure we would be more secure with nato . 
  the u.s is willing to help allies in a war time situation while polls have shown time and time again that huge parts of europe is n't . 
  i do n't know how to feel about that project to be honest . 
  it 's a lot of money spent on a road that does n't have that much traffic . 
  i think the money could have been spent better by upgrading existing roads that are in a desperate need for repair . 
  would have been cool to how the project would turn out however . 
  impressive use of technology . 
  the reason why infrastructure is bad is because it has n't been prioritized , not because it 's expensive . 
  governments have always looked at roads and rails as an expense , instead of an investment . 
  it 's the simple truth and you do n't have to vote frp to understand that . 
  that 's what happens when governments do n't care about infrastructure . 
  kind of true . 
  however if i take an example from norway many large companies have their hq in cities , despite that it 's in rural areas they make their money . 
  aluminium and fishing companies come to mind . 
  so on gdp measurements the value creation happens in oslo , while it actually happens on the coast . 
  you think an unemployed eu citizen has a better chance of getting a car , especially considering wages are lower in the eu and cars cost more ? 
  this is what many people grow up with . 
  in the western world , not so much . 
  you honestly think the us is like that ? 
  it 's the business owners that are the most affected by it . 
  ownership of a company count as personal assets . 
  not that smart . 
  we have it in norway and first of all it 's only norwegians that are subject to it , foreign owners are not . 
  second of all it does n't care if a business runs a deficit or profit . 
  that means that the owner has to pay dividends from the struggeling company to pay it . 
  that 's why it is slowly getting phased out . 
  maybe it 's different for canada considering the us is richer . 
  for norway the 20-30 % drop against the eur did n't really matter as we are still way richer than the eu average . 
  inflation did rise though but in return the nok got stronger as a result . 
  you should know that considering the cad dropped by a higher amount after the oil price fell . 
  for comparison the nok dropped over 50 % vs the usd without it affecting quality of life in any way . 
  car taxes in norway are lower than in denmark , so no way would you end up paying 300k in tax on a 150k car . 
  ev 's do n't have any taxes or vat . 
  in addition parking , ferries and toll roads are free . 
  so while an ev like tesla may cost the same as a good similar fossil car , it is cheaper in the long run because electricity is cheap and you have lower running expenses . 
  some cars are taxed more than 100 % if they have a large engine . 
  most regular cars are not taxed that much though . 
  maybe you are also paying too much ? 
  [ the norwegian paradox ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norwegian_paradox ) . 
  i 'm sure us scandinavians are already well underway to join brits as the drunk tourists in krakow . 
  met quite a few when i was there . 
  well , they work pretty well in norway where the roads are shitty . 
  deflation hits peoples mortages , which is way worse . 
  about $ 24 000 in debt after two years of my degree in norway . 
  some of it will turn into a stipend , but i expect around $ 23 200 in debt when done with my bachelor degree . 
  education is . 
  cost of living is not . 
  does n't even need to be that hot for it to be dry enough for a forest fire . 
  [ we had a wildfire that burned down a village in january here in norway . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wyqagve.jpg ) in the summer the chances of forest fires are even larger , which is why you are not allowed to make a bonfire in the summer months . 
  a more free and flexible economy would be my guess . 
  also having their own currency and aggressive monetary policy . 
  different levels of taxation . 
  i hope so too . 
  at a time with low interest rates this is the perfect opportunity !, 
  germans do love their saving though . 
  norway would have been fucked in the euro when the oil price fell . 
  also austerity is n't really our thing germany . 
   without the uk in the way , we may have a shot at a federal europe . 
  good luck selling that idea to swedes and danes . 
  which is where the fiscal transfers come in . 
  care to explain what you find not to be correct in this article ? 
  the difference is that the badly performing german regions get large fiscal transfers from the central government . 
  one would have to do the same on a ez scale for it to work . 
  good luck telling your voters that large amounts of their tax money is going to fund another countrys budget . 
  it will be interesting times ahead . 
  hopefully it will end up with an agreement both parties are happy with . 
   but much less . 
  it 's a matter of time before employers start to look for loopholes to staff production centers too at weekends . 
  if people work voluntary i do n't see the problem . 
   if all these people were coming during weekdays , they could pay you that much as your ordinary wage  good luck trying to get the unions in on that . 
   it 's just hard to see why uk voted for brexit when all it does is cause an economic downturn . 
  it also causes the uk to regain more sovereignity . 
  economy is n't everything . 
  most workplaces are closed on sundays so traffic will still decline . 
  for workers weekends are the best time to work in regards to pay . 
  i work at a supermarket and saturday evenings are one of my favorite times to work as i earn 10 euros more per hour than on weekdays . 
  it 's worse off , but we 're talking about a small percentage change in growth . 
  so basically it 's not like there will be a massive change as the uk will still remain a rich country . 
  the imf has already slashed ez growth predictions : http://www.bbc.com/news/business-36743862 considering the ez struggles with sluggish growth and high unemployment , i do n't see a rate hike coming in a long time . 
  some municipalities are exempt because they are `` tourist municipalities '' . 
  fun fact , oslo which gets the most tourist arrivals in norway does not fall under this category . 
  so do store employees that work on sundays . 
  do n't know how it works in poland but here in norway if you work on sundays you get other days off to compensate .
