  they must have cut welfare to the bone !, 
   i 'm french ( european ) for the context . 
  delfation is pointing out in europe : http://money.cnn.com/2014/06/04/news/economy/ecb-interest-rates/ in europe yes . 
  but that is because the ecb are a bunch of idiots who are afraid of printing money . 
  both the u.s and the u.k have good inflation . 
  did i mention that they do n't do direct transfers to the citizens ? 
   but then expect the gov to go whining about how they `` freeze the country '' and go all tatcher on the unions and crack skulls during riots with thousands of cops with orders to hospitalize people and arrest union workers one by one till they drop the unions and cease to be effective . 
  elect people who are pro-union , but no anti-business . 
  something in between . 
   it 's not that they ca n't afford it , it 's that they do n't care . 
  if they can force an employee to do it for free on top of his or her job , they will do so and keep the difference in their pocket . 
  we actually could n't afford it since we were running a deficit . 
  it hurts them wither way as they have to pay us ovetime in addition to extras for working evenings . 
  on saturday we are talking about overtime + $ 14 in extras per hour . 
   euro zone has strong workers rights & protections . 
  uk is busy undermining those & trying to leave . 
  the u.k is not in the euro zone which plays a large role of how well they are recovering . 
  what country does n't loosen up on labour laws during recessions ? 
  we even do it in scandinavia . 
  if you do n't then you are clearly doing something wrong . 
   and used chained slaves . 
  which caused big scandals . 
  and those were n't lifted out of anything . 
  do in no way think that i support the way workers are being treated in china , or any other developing country for that matter . 
  the thing is that despite the bad things that come with industrialization , it also leads to a better society in the end . 
  here in the west we have gone through the same phase and we now take our rights and economy for granted . 
  that 's why we think it 's brutal . 
   they 're already starting . 
  which is why we should move back some critical lines , i think . 
  ( real men have fabs . 
  ( c ) jerry sanders , amd ) good for them . 
  but for the time being i prefer german cars , dutch refrigerators , swedish ovens and american computers . 
  if they are able to match the quality of these products , good for them . 
   bank . 
  playing by the rules . 
  pick one hahahah . 
  no , really , you do n't know the half of it . 
  inexistant money printed on their own accounts , falsified trading , falsified libor , fake loans amongst each others , mafia money everywhere , betting and trading on their entire reserve till they have no liquidities , emptying clients pension funds and 201k to cover their losses , falsifying insurances , theft at every level ... yeah i 'm pretty disillusionned of that one . 
  honestly , there 's not much to save there apart maybe a few eurozone ones . 
  in the us they 're all rotten to the core , to the last . 
  when you are handling the large amounts of assets that banks do , it 's very hard to not in some way or another participate illicit activities . 
  even if you have no intentions of doing it . 
  it would also be interesting to see if you have any proof that every single bank in america is taking active part in these activities . 
  another thing i should mention is that you as a consumer are free to not support the big banks . 
  i do n't know if you have them in the u.s. 
  but start banking through your local savings bank or credit union . 
   there is so little money in circulation for end users ( consumers ) we 're looking at massive short term deflation . 
  [ where is this massive deflation you are talking about ? 
  ] ( http://www.statista.com/statistics/244983/projected-inflation-rate-in-the-united-states/ )  tax breaks make sense when people still have enough money to pay said taxes . 
  pretty good then that the lower income brackets pay pretty much no taxes then . 
   nothing else short of direct cash transferts will reach the end user nowadays . 
  oh you mean like wage labour . 
  revolutionary concept . 
  why has n't anyone thought of that before ? 
  / s  everything else is stolen by intermediaries , bank fees and stuff , ... 
  nothing is stolen when you agree to the terms and conditions . 
  like bank fees for example . 
   because shit job are already minimal wage . 
  if you go below , it means you are suppressing minimal wage . 
  which is already very short for survival . 
  maybe unionizing could be a start ? 
  do something instead of feeling sorry for yourself . 
   businesses uses their `` usual '' `` jakes of all trades '' employees who also do cashier , fill in the shell , ... they pay nobody on top of it . 
  it 's usually franchaises that has to use the employees for everything because their profit margins are low . 
  i know this pretty well since i 've experienced this first hand . 
  in my town i worked at the only one of the grocery stores that were francaised . 
  because of this we could n't afford to rent someone to clean the store , so we had to do it ourself . 
  the other stores where owned by the company themselves , and had dedicated cleaners . 
  if cleaning were cheaper , maybe franchaise owners also start to hire cleaners ? 
   because norway has a very strong welfare and worker rights system that prevent employers treating employees like shit , tossing them away without pay `` because they did n't looked down when asked '' or stuff like this ? 
  because we did n't sit there and felt sorry for ourself and cried for the state to help us from the evil corporations . 
  instead we fought for our rights and now has very good laws for both the employer and employee . 
   so the economy is a lot better . 
  the eurozone disagrees . 
   foxconn is already automatizing their factories to end their recurrent slavery scandale ... 
  the factories in china has lifted millions upon millions of people out of poverty . 
  now they have to stay competitive since western companies move their production back to their home countries since it 's not profitable to produce in china any more . 
  maybe china for ones will start inventing their own stuff instead of manufacturing blueprints from the west ? 
   after having falsified their account to generate a ton more cash , and doing negative percent borrowal to the fed , then embezzling mexican mafias funds to ensure they have proper margins like hsbc is doing ? 
  what one bank does is irrelevant compared to the thousands of other banks that play by the rules . 
   yeah , like the general population that wants to survive . 
  cheaper food and heating is great for survival in my opinion . 
  not sure how you feel about it though . 
   ahh the good old `` trickle down '' bullshit . 
  spoilers : they just put the subsidies on their bank account and lower exactly nothing . 
  subsidies does n't have to be direct transfers . 
  it 's usually tax breaks and other incentives . 
  `` in 2009 -- 10 , more than a dozen people with immigrant backgrounds were shot in the whole city . 
  [ 6 ] [ 7 ] roseng\u00e5rd has also been the place for several violent clashes between local youth and authorities . 
  [ 8 ] fire crews have also been threatened and attacked . 
  as a result , the malm\u00f6 fire department refused to respond to fire calls in roseng\u00e5rd without police escort . 
  [ 9 ] in late april 2010 , incidents of violence occurred in which cars , wagons , kiosks , building sheds , recycling stations and bicycle sheds were set ablaze . 
  firefighters who attempted to put out the fires were subjected to stone throwing and fireworks , and thus had to receive police escort . 
  twenty riot-equipped police patrols were eventually also set in . 
  [ 10 ] '' seems like a great place i agree . 
  good for the thrill seeking people out there !, 
   they are not done by anyone but a mechanic . 
  like the roomba . 
  those jobs do n't exist anymore . 
  asking servants to accept a non living wage to stay instead of those would be seen as an insult .
