  the sustainability of our welfare state is the biggest problem , but that is another debate . 
  the gypsy debate was very big in norway the last two summers . 
  we want to help them , but they do n't want to cooperate . 
  you ca n't just drive ( yes , they drive cars ) into a country with a tourist visa and demand to get a job and housing . 
  actually you are n't even allowed to enter norway if you do n't have the necessary funds to stay here . 
  we have actually tried to help them some years ago . 
  we gave them housing . 
  guess what happened , the entire place was ruined and everything was stolen . 
  how can you possibly work with someone like that ? 
   fortunately , he 's only 18 so maybe he 'll grow out of his racist garbage . 
  and there was the racist card thrown out . 
  ill just leave this here from a earlier argument : `` i find it hard to have a factual argument with you when you just throw out the word racist for no reason . 
  honestly i have lot of very nice immigrant friends , and they hate immigrants who do stupid shit aswell . 
  just as i hate when some of my white friends do stupid things . 
  i do n't even care what ethnicity you have as long as you behave and follow the laws ! '', 
  allright , i can see what you mean . 
  [ for me this is the perfect example of swedish press ] ( http://www.expressen.se/ledare/eric-erfors/galenskaperna-i-vara-grannlander-i-norden/ ) . 
  it is very biased and not factual . 
  what i consider to be centre ground ? 
  i think most people are aware that that most swedish media is well to the left of centre . 
  in norway the largest newspapers are pretty good at being neutral . 
  if you want biased news you can either read right-wing business newspapers or left-wing labour newspapers . 
  in sweden the newspapers most people read is n't neutral . 
  i think the major media have a certain social responsibility of providing neutral and unbiased journalism . 
  that is my opinion , feel free to disagree . 
  are the biggest swedish newspapers very tabloid ? 
  if that 's the case it may be the answer . 
  in norway the two of the largest newspapers are . 
  luckily we have aftenposten which has a lot of good journalism , which is rare nowadays . 
  sadly there has been a little increase in crap from them aswell in the last few years . 
  wow , put that strawman down . 
  i think a good press is independent enough to see things from both perspectives . 
  in sweden all major newspapers are very biased . 
  i think it 's a sad development . 
  yes , it makes sense , but you loose respect for it after a while . 
  the reason is that now and then we hear about full water reservoirs and cheap electricity . 
  and yes the electricity is cheaper , but the `` grid rent '' increases so you end up paying the same . 
  electricity companies run huge surpluses , but do n't bother lowering the rent . 
  it sucks . 
  not necessary shot . 
  i am thinking the problems are more related to corruption and bribery than censorship . 
  i would say that plays the biggest part . 
  a press that is n't free ca n't write what they want . 
  in norway we have the state owning the grid and `` private '' companies distributing it . 
  the private companies are mostly owned by municipalities and counties . 
  i am not quite sure how it works though because where i live it 's the local municipality company who maintains the grid , but you can have other companies as suppliers . 
  the electricity here is actually very cheap , but the `` grid rent '' is pretty expensive . 
  mostly because counties and municipalities wants high dividends . 
  the reason is that they can write about stuff without being shot or persecuted . 
  there is nothing stopping you from writing what you want . 
  what the media decide to write about is another factor . 
  yeah , sweden should be downgraded when it comes to press freedom . 
  it 's so politically correct that i feel bad for you . 
  i would say social market ecomomy is the most accurate description . 
  we are n't more socialist than other western european countries . 
  country is still capitalist . 
  i can run a business here just like i can in the u.s. 
  the more correct version would be a capitalist welfare state . 
  how so ? 
  we 're a capitalist country ... 
  i am actually pro-eu . 
  doubt it would change life quality . 
  it would be nice to have good roads and a better selection in the grocery store !, 
  living here is like floating through life , pretty easy to be honest . 
  town of approx 2500 inhabitants , northern norway . 
  maximum available : 120/10 speed i pay for : 30 mbit down 5 up . 
  price : 55 euros per month . 
  ping : 16 to bod\u00f8 ( county capital ) 29 to oslo ( country capital ) [ speedtest ] ( http://www.speedtest.net/result/3063131071.png ), 
  did n't know we stood out so much . 
  yeah , this sounds like a more realistic way of looking at american life . 
  yup , reddit is wierd like that . 
  hate corporations but loves google . 
  what is up with that ? 
  yep , people are different . 
  well , hot weather is something you get used too . 
  i am so sick and tired of living in the north of norway with snow and darkness . 
  the summer is also terrible . 
  maybe a week a year with 20 + weather . 
  i will admit though that a nice clear summer day in northern norway is really beautiful . 
  but it does n't add up to the rest of the year . 
  i agree . 
  but if i were to get a good job offer in america where i would earn maybe $ 100k and have good working conditions , i would take it in a heartbeat . 
  a $ 100k job in norway is pretty easy to find , but half of the salary goes away in taxes . 
  you do n't get nearly as much for that amount of money here . 
  it also helps that the weather is much better in the u.s. 
  the thing i love most about the u.s is that you have everything available inside one country . 
  is this the case for the regular american then ? 
  i doubt the average american works 80 hours per week . 
  vacation time varies a lot depending on employer . 
  student loans is something we have in europe aswell . 
  why would you get a degree which noone wants anyway ? 
  over 80 % of americans have health insurance . 
  also if living there is so shitty , why on earth is the u.s the country which most amount of people in the world wants to move to ? 
  is it really ? 
  it seems like most of you enjoy a pretty high standard of living . 
  well , you always have a neighbor to the west !, 
   we have some of the lowest corporate taxes in europe at 22 % . 
  how is this a bad thing ? 
  would like to move to southern norway . 
  the weather in the north sucks most of the time .
