  yeah , most norwegians do n't pay over 50 % in taxes . 
  the net seems pretty wrong . 
  if it makes you feel better we had no snow this winter either , and i live above the arctic circle . 
  it was great , no snow shoveling !, 
  love it !, 
  as a norwegian i find this the other way around . 
  the most amount of heat i heave experienced is around 40 degrees in southern europe and the u.s. 
  i much prefer this to cold . 
  give me a little under a week with hot weather and i have adapted to it . 
  cold is completely different . 
  not to mention everything stops working in the winter . 
  you would n't have any problems with a flat battery at 40 , but you do when it drops below -20 . 
  luckily i live on the coast so it 's pretty mild . 
  nothing like cheap booze , guns and polar bears !, 
  strangely enough the margarine was n't made by the monopoly farmers cooperative . 
  we are literally run by stalin !, 
  the more you know . 
  there is a reason why a swedish minister called norway `` the last soviet state '' . 
  it is pretty cold here yes , 
  [ our net debt is -165 % of gdp so it 's rather the other countries who should pay us back ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_by_public_debt ) !, 
  for the real number you need to go to the official norges bank website [ here ] ( http://nbim.no/ ) . 
  here you can see that it goes both up and down in value . 
  it could have been true . 
  but norway has n't used much money on infrastructure until recently . 
  but the public roads administration really do love streetlights it seems . 
  it gets prioritized instead of hard shoulders for example . 
  but i assume these streches were made without lighting from the start . 
  in belgium the lights are there , but not turned on . 
  in norway pretty much every motorway has lights . 
  and they stay on at night even in more remote areas . 
  [ like here for example ] ( https://maps.google.no/?ll=58.223298,8.2471&amp;spn=0.013311,0.042272&amp;t=h&amp;z=15&amp;layer=c&amp;cbll=58.223298,8.2471&amp;panoid=4iuohycvpqwbzlhtewotoq&amp;cbp=12,31.16,,0,2.1 ) . 
   some cities only turn off every third streetlight . 
  it does n't make a big difference in visibility , but saves a lot of money . 
  smart option . 
  i like when streets are lighted up . 
  in addition to it being more cozy , i also feel safer . 
  i did n't know that this was such a common practice around europe . 
  but with the potential of saving 30 % of energy costs , i can understand how this is a simple way of reducing deficit or spend on something else . 
  guess us norwegians are spoiled with cheap hydro energy !, 
  labour is also pro-eu . 
  there is a majority in the parliament for joining the eu , but the support among the people are n't large enough . 
  is the economy in such bad shape that you ca n't afford to have lights along the highway ? 
  it 's kind of sad really . 
  i wonder how much money is saved by doing that . 
  come to northern norway !, 
  here you can see stars really clear , and if you are lucky you get some auroras aswell !, 
  why did they decide to do that ? 
  the people in her party is not satisfied by her leadership . 
  it also did n't help that a few days ago it was revealed that she had called another minister when she was in government to move a new proposed road away from her house . 
  two things made this much worse , first of all the road would now be 400 million nok more expensive since it has to be put in a tunnel , second of all this happened after they had lost the election . 
  it is not seen as polite to make changes when country is in a transition phase . 
  nothing like having previous politicians using it as a political tool eh ? 
  the value is pretty strong though because the ecb is very scared of inflation . 
  i think he was refering to the fact that the progress party is n't really `` far '' right . 
  they are pretty moderate in their economic policies . 
  they are for state control in key areas . 
  they are also nowhere near as privatisation friendly as the conservatives . 
  in short they are a little bit all over the place . 
   why do you say the summer is terrible ? 
  basically it is too cold where i live . 
  between 10-15 degrees most of the time . 
  20 + only happens a few times . 
   i thought most of the summer days were clear sky and nice cozy weather not too cold not too hot . 
  in southern norway sure . 
  the summers especially on the south-east is wonderful with perfect temperatures ( 20-30 ) all summer long . 
   and how far north are you , actually ? 
  69 degrees north on the coast . 
  i completely agree . 
  i do n't think a political head of state has the ability to assemble the people in the same way . 
   why does efficiency matter ? 
  because society will end up loosing a lot of money on inefficiency . 
  if we for example treated patients instead of writing reports they could go back into productive work sooner . 
  this will benefit anyone . 
   as long as people need a job in order to live a good life , then who cares if the government creates ` useless ' positions ? 
  because you are not guaranteed to be able to pay those positions in the long run . 
  what happens when in our case , the oil runs out ? 
  in 2025 we will run a deficit with current policies . 
   the only other option is to simply give everyone a citizens wage . 
  or actually encourage entreprenaurship to create brand new jobs . 
  there is plenty of jobs in the private sector too . 
  government jobs are very popular however because work load is minimal , great pension plans and the best job security , for now atleast . 
   no , disposable income is what you have left after paying essentials such as rent , food and bills . 
  not always . 
  if these things are covered , then your entire income is disposable . 
   if everyone simply negotiated their salary on an ` after tax ' basis then there is no problems and the government gets a nice pot of money to spend on essential services such as transport and healthcare . 
  i do n't see how this would work . 
  it seems to me like it 's a discreet way of taxing more . 
  i do n't think it 's good for a state to have too much money on their hands . 
  in norway the extra money is used to create more bureaucracy to lower the uneployment rate . 
  that does n't really promote efficiency and smarter ways of working . 
  your income is what you make before tax . 
  disposable income is what you have left after you have taxed the money . 
  yes of course . 
  it 's still feels wrong to me that it is that way . 
  especially when you see how inefficient government spending is . 
  the employers share varies from 0 % to 14,1 percent . 
  so even if you reach maximum taxation you are not near 75 %, 
  max income tax in norway is 47,8 % including social security . 
  i guess some people belived the propaganda the former government served before the election ... 
  for a government to seize more than half your income is wrong to me .
