  getting a job here is pretty simple if you are not too picky . 
   when the oil will run out , things will adjust themselves quickly , if you 're going to have a sound monetary policy . 
  we have plenty of cash stacked up so i hope so . 
  we need to start inventing things though . 
  our new government is more supportive of entrepreneurship so hopefully more people will be willing to start up new and innovative businesses . 
  we try , but it 's not exactly going well . 
  we get more dependent on the petroleum industry every year . 
  it does n't help that we use nowhere near as much on education and research as our nordic neighbors . 
  something which is ridiculous considering our labour costs are 60 % higher than the eu average . 
  at the same time we are struggeling with the worst infrastructure in western europe . 
   whats with the high amount of ultra-feminists in scandanavia ???? 
  sweden *, 
  just like us !, 
  we do have that stuff in norway too . 
  just look for products like `` revet '' and `` topping '' . 
  wow , in norway you have to pay at least 36 euros for a bottle of 70 cl vodka . 
  we 're getting robbed !, 
  as long as it does n't say anything in frp 's election campaign about supporting `` reservasjonsretten '' i will take their official stance in the issue as the real one . 
  this has more to do with pleasing krf than anything else . 
  so what ? 
  they did n't support the 55 % rule and that is what counts . 
  it also has to be said that the redgreen coalition removed krl because of eu telling them to . 
  if they did n't do it i am sure it would still be there today . 
  the social democrats being conservative has more to do with their nanny-state attitude . 
  just suggesting more liberal laws like snowmobile driving , less state monopolies etc creates a fuzz . 
  it 's also known that they are very hesitant to change the organization of the state . 
  the infrastructure sector really reflects that . 
  the previous minister of transportation marit arnstad really nailed this attitude in an interview . 
  when asked why we did n't let professionals decide what roads should be built like they do in pretty much all of europe , she said : `` we have a tradition of doing it that way in norway '' . 
  fortunately we have gotten someone with common sense in that department now . 
  that 's krf . 
  h\u00f8yre , frp and venstre are not like that at all . 
  wierd how things are so different in other countries . 
  strangely enough , the social democrats in norway are the ones who are most conservative when it comes to thinking differently and being progressive . 
   i ca n't wait until conservatives come running with this eu proposal and try to turn back time just to hurt people they consider `` unrespectable '' . 
  is n't it the social democrats that would push for this model though ? 
  i know in norway that it 's the convervatives who want more liberal prostitution laws while the social democrats implememented the law in the first place . 
  nope , more important to pay people who do n't work . 
  since we have oil we can afford to not research and upgrade infrastructure . 
  finland , sweden and denmark has to use a lot on research since they rely on it for competitiveness because of their high labour costs . 
  it 's the same here . 
  so priviliged to have good plumbing !, 
  the thing is that everything in norway is average . 
  [ this letter explains exactly what i am talking about . 
   i 'm amazed by the infrastructure thing . 
  how good can it be with population of denmark ( ~ finnmark ) spread out in the area of germany ? 
  [ road in the middle of nowhere in sweden ] ( https://maps.google.no/?ll=67.66243,21.275167&amp;spn=0.307418,1.352692&amp;t=h&amp;z=10&amp;layer=c&amp;cbll=67.66243,21.275167&amp;panoid=0a90z8nnuk7rpdamtav1zq&amp;cbp=12,67.91,,0,9.23 ) [ road in the middle of nowhere in norway ] ( https://maps.google.no/?ll=66.555914,15.325928&amp;spn=0.643623,2.705383&amp;t=h&amp;z=9&amp;layer=c&amp;cbll=66.47287,15.047638&amp;panoid=i7dssfkiky2assxmb9vugw&amp;cbp=12,337.09,,0,6.21 ) both these roads are european highways which should have good standard . 
  [ actually they are so bad that we are breaking a un-resolution we signed ] ( http://www.vg.no/bil-og-motor/artikkel.php?artid=10081128 ) . 
  the infrastructure is there , it 's just in horrible condition . 
  hopefully our new government can improve this . 
  that 's what we heard all the time before the progress party took got in government in the fall over here . 
  now that 3 months have gone there is n't much change in welfare benefits and they do n't have any plans either . 
  other than making the state more efficient , which most norwegians are agreeing with . 
  i can assure you that it will change if they get in government . 
  it always happen . 
  people want stability , something they will quicly realize when meeting the bureaucrats in the departments . 
  and who is selling dong ? 
  oh wait , it 's the left-wing government !, 
  in norway the left was in power when large state companies like statoil and hydro got partly-privatized and listed on the stock exchange . 
  they are just as pro-market as everyone else in practice . 
  the right says the same thing in norway , but they do n't dare to sell too much or reduce to under 50 % in very profitable companies . 
  it will ruin their popularity by a lot . 
  which clearly means there are two realistic alternatives for a government in denmark . 
  the left and the right which are both centre in practice . 
  this is similar to most of europe . 
  over here we change governments because we are bored . 
  no real difference anyway . 
   every right-wing party in denmark certainly wants to either dismantle or severely diminish all these points . 
  wierd how this has n't happened already considering the right-wing being in power for 10 years ( 2001-2011 ) before the left took over . 
  accoriding to the polls it looks like the right will regain power again after this period . 
  the danish people really want to ruin their welfare state i assume ... 
  what european countries are you talking about ? 
  in my experience all the right wing parties in europe want a welfare state . 
  it 's like this here aswell where we have the most right leaning government in a long time . 
  without a doubt [ northern norway ] ( http://www.photosight.org/up/2008/05/24/83162.jpg ) . 
  but there are so many beautiful places in this country so it 's hard to choose !, 
   yes yes , lets make it into yet another `` last soviet state '' argument . 
  when it comes to agriculture norway is really bad . 
  the agriculture sector is run by cooperatives and monopolies . 
  there are quotas for production and farmers get 60 % of their wage from the government . 
  i hope the new minister of agriculture can clean up this mess . 
   but because this was a farmers cooperative and not a private company ( blessed be their share value ... ) , msm had to create a shit storm about it . 
  if it were a private company and there was competition other producers would come in and provide butter . 
  also if the import tolls were lower butter could be imported . 
  but tine is too greedy for that shit . 
   never mind that the only ones inconvenienced were those that insisted on making their christmas pastries using butter . 
  it was not famine conditions . 
  but you really start wondering what is wrong if this actually can happen at all . 
  i ca n't remember hearing anything like this happening in the u.s. or western europe . 
  no wonder why every other country was making fun of `` rich '' and progressive norway which ca n't even provide a basic diary product . 
  no matter what you say , we all know that norway has the highest food prices in europe while the quality is not up to the same standard . 
  the lack of choice in the stores compared to pretty much anywhere is also well known . 
  go in to any norwegian store and it 's all the same tine , nortura and toro crap . 
  it had a lot to do with it . 
  farmers have quotas which means they ca n't produce as much as they want . 
  similar system like the soviet union . 
  if toll barriers had been lowered and there were more competition it would n't happen . 
  clearly tine failed their task of providing food to the population and should n't have come so easy out of it . 
  food shortages is not something that belong in a modern western country . 
  an embarrasment for the country .
