  considering the lack of commitment to nato among many of the eu countries i can hardly see how an eu army would be any different . 
  would love for them to prove me wrong though as europe has been riding the u.s ' back for way too long . 
   that does n't change the fact of major increases in individual product categories . 
  [ i do n't really see the major increases ] ( https://www.ons.gov.uk/economy/inflationandpriceindices/articles/consumerpriceinflationdetailedbriefingnote/dec2016 ) . 
  the increase in transport costs are due to an increase in air fares , which is notoriously volatile . 
  one thing that 's interesting is that clothes actually decreased in price , something that is kind of surprising considering the weaker pound . 
  i was referring to the other countries on the mainland . 
  low taxes does n't mean have to mean worse social security , see switzerland . 
   its not up to us in the republic , it is an external eu border . 
  the only remotely workable solution is to have borders between the north of ireland and mainland uk but that wo n't help customs . 
  why not have the same arrangement as on the russia-norway border where those living in towns close to the border can cross it freely ? 
  maybe extending the eligibility to cover all irish and northern irish citizens ? 
  way to put the blame on others instead of fulfilling the 2 % guideline of nato . 
  denmark is n't a euro country either . 
  they do have a peg but it can be removed if desired . 
  u.k will still be a part of europe . 
  the eu does n't define if someone is european . 
  london is far from alone in that regard unfortunately, 
  wonder why you are experiencing massive price hikes when your inflation is at 1,6 % which is pretty low . 
  you do n't even have it bad compared to the nok when the oil price fell and the usd got more than 50 % more expensive . 
  exports does n't have to be industrial goods . 
  it also accounts services and tourism , which has great potential . 
  it 's not relatively inefficient if it 's cheaper than the same import product . 
  what do you mean there is nothing to export ? 
  there is plenty of things to export and new markets will open up with the cheaper pound . 
  [ exports are already on the rise ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/exports ) . 
  getting an education and work experience is pretty much guaranteed to get you a full time job in the end . 
  for smaller businesses flexible contracts can be very useful so i do n't think they should be outlawed . 
  these are predictions . 
  as of right now real wage growth in the u.k is well over 1 % considering an inflation rate of 1,6 % and a wage growth of 2,8 % . 
  tanking is a bit of an overstatement . 
  would you also claim that the eur has tanked against the usd the last year ? 
  why is people saying that a weaker currency is a bad thing ? 
  i was very happy when the nok weakened like 20-30 % against the eur when the oil price fell . 
  it made us able to sustain growth and employment during the shock . 
  our other industries prospered and tourist arrivals increased a lot . 
  if we were using the eur we would have been fucked in comparison . 
  are n't most people on zero-hour contracts students or other people wanting little hours ? 
  i know in norway atleast having such a contract is very common among students and others wanting to work part time . 
  that also means that domestic goods and services become more attractive . 
  it 's basic economics , a weaker currency means more exports . 
  that also means increased export value of products that are already being exported . 
  it 's a start . 
  currency fluctuations take time . 
  well , the pound got stronger after the announcement so if you want to book a flight you should probably hurry . 
  you can go somewhere , but maybe not where you intended in the first place . 
  ca n't get everything in life . 
  just be patient and wait until the pound strenghtens again . 
  some countries sure , but many countries are so cheap that it does n't really change much . 
  but that might be my norwegian opinion . 
  ah , the [ norwegian paradox ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norwegian_paradox ) at work . 
  that is of course nice . 
  however it will come with sacrifices . 
  today scotland is a net reciever of money from the rest of the u.k. 
  it does suck when the majority votes for idiots . 
  however the politics of a country reflect the country 's population . 
  for better or worse . 
  i do n't see the u.k getting in to a recession any time soon . 
  maybe the growth will weaken , but it is not certain as growth has remained stable . 
  even if the pound would weaken further , there is still plenty of destinations that would be relatively cheap . 
  i do n't think the exchange rate matters as much when it comes to travelling as people may think . 
  our nok lost 50 % against the usd and something like 30 % against the eur when the oil price fell . 
  did n't impact travels as much as one might have thought . 
  despite the crazy politics the anglosphere seems to do better than mainland europe in a lot of aspects , especially economic wise . 
  especially the u.s is doing great at the moment and recovered pretty fast from the recession . 
  the same can not be said for france or italy for example . 
  stop voting for idiots would be a good start . 
  why would n't you be able to afford it ? 
  travelling to for example eastern europe is so cheap that you almost save money in comparison to staying in the u.k. 
  riots because the government would be incompetent . 
   the goverment can not create jobs they have several tools that can help job growth . 
  infrastructure investment , taxation policy , business regulations , bureaucracy , corruption etc. 
  needless to say there is plenty of room to improve in a lot of those areas . 
  because you complain about the u.k having opt-outs when they are not the only country that has those . 
  i do n't see what 's wrong with trying to get the best possible deal if you are able to . 
   not sure how she 's going to manage that one , but still . . 
  it could be possible . 
  for example does norwegians and russians living on the border have free access to cross over to eachother . 
  well may did say they would try to find a way to solve the ireland situation . 
  should be possible to find an agreement on that front . 
  and that will probably remain the same after brexit . 
  it 's not like trade will stop if that 's what you believe . 
  if the unemployment rate was 19 % here in norway people would riot in the streets . 
  even if it 's falling it is in no way good . 
  maybe you will get it down to 10-15 % before the next financial crash , and then the rollercoaster will start again . 
  so scotland will lose out on the transfers from the south of england while most likely not getting to join the eu because of a veto from spain . 
  sounds like a good plan . 
  just kick out everyone that has exceptions . 
  maybe start with all the countries that have opted out of the euro ? 
  the drunk tourists will be there regardless , sorry mate . 
  did n't tesla pretty much stop selling cars in denmark after you slapped a huge tax on them ? 
  thank you denmark for making norway 's car taxes seem sane in comparison . 
  here a v90 starts at $ 52.900 . 
  that 's very similar to norway . 
  people will cheap out on cars ( allthough it has changed in the last few years ) but have no problem bidding tens of thousands above the list price for an apartment . 
  cars are generally a bad place to spend money unless you are really interested in them . 
  that means that for most people a skoda will be more than good for their needs . 
  i think that mentality is long gone , especially in norway atleast . 
  skoda is seen as incredible value for money . 
  even though the quality is not as good as vw , you still get a pretty good car with a lot of equipment for a reasonable price .
