  the fact that everything is so close is another reason why it 's so tempting !, 
  sounds very good . 
  anything in particular that makes it stand out ? 
  sounds very nice indeed . 
  i have gotten the same impression from the ones i know that has visited the place . 
  in addition having experience from brussels is a good thing on your cv . 
  it looks like prices for most products are almost half of what they are here so i do n't think that will be a problem !, 
  yeah good luck telling the people in eastern europe that it 's back to the times where you had to stand in line to buy food . 
  so in other words it 's just like oslo ? 
  i was referring to the notion that brussels was n't representative for the rest of the country . 
  the leadership is very chaotic though and not very common !, 
  what you describe is the case for most capitals though . 
  how is living in brussels ? 
   when you 're here , try to travel to different cities and areas ( antwerp , ghent , the coast , the ardennes , namur , dinant , ... ) and you 'll notice the difference . 
  i 'll definitaly do that . 
  one of the reasons why brussels seems tempting is because it 's so close to everything . 
  that 's the case for most capitals though . 
  but do you happen to know how it is to live there ? 
  i 'm curious by what you mean by that . 
  considering going to school in brussels in about a year . 
  from what i 've heard by my friends the city is pretty good . 
  ca n't think of any place in particular . 
  but if you want to get the `` real '' norwegian experience then oslo is n't the best place to go . 
  the city has improved a lot , but it 's more international which makes it pretty similar to other capitals in europe . 
  that 's interesting . 
  politicians here use sweden as an example of what happens when you privatize too much of the school system . 
   it does n't matter whether it 's a russian or western oligarch fucking you over for minimum wage . 
  or ukranian, 
  i think it 's more severe over here though since they have a more diversified economy than us . 
  12 % of the population is directly or indirectly employed by the oil industry . 
  our unemployment rate has increased to 4,1 % , which is higher than we are used to . 
  yes , we 're pretty spoiled . 
  it 's included in my rent . 
  the drop in oil prices leading to a lot of people being laid off . 
  that 's wierd . 
  maybe it 's restricted in some way . 
  should be gigabit . 
  try to use a cable instead of wi-fi . 
  when i use wi-fi i get the same as you . 
  [ this is included in the rent for me . 
  ] ( http://www.speedtest.net/result/4359866904.png ) gigabit brothers ? 
  telenor ... got ta love em . 
  a lot of places , even remote , have access to altibox nowadays though . 
  i pay 0 euros for [ this connection ] ( http://www.speedtest.net/result/4359866904.png ) here in norway . 
  really impressed by how good the u.k is performing . 
  rimi is actually norwegian, 
   so is it a consume it til you love it thing ? 
  damn , do n't know if i can afford that much ol at scandi prices d : it 's an aquired taste yes . 
  one of the reasons why we drink beer is because it 's cheaper than other alcohol . 
   rarely get invited out . 
  but you never forget the times when someone has vomited into your hair xd never had that happen to me actually . 
  the only thing that comes close was when my friend vomited in my car . 
  that sucked !, 
  was n't too fond of beer , but i just started drinking it a lot when i began studying . 
  now i love it . 
   oh and it 's not my puking that i worry about : never done it . 
  it 's everyone else 's !, 
  does that happen so often ? 
  i rarely notice other people doing it since they usually go away to do their deed . 
   i do n't mind it but when the puking starts that 's when i start wanting to go home do n't we all . 
  just stick to beers or ciders and it 's easy to avoid getting so far that you want to puke . 
  i would recommend you to just participate at all the activities in the beginning . 
  as long as you have gotten to know them it 's no problem finding things to do that does not involve drinking . 
  also there are plenty of people that does n't drink and those who do are usually understanding . 
  good luck !, 
  that could be a problem as drinking is pretty much mandatory if you want to talk to the locals in scandinavia !, 
  swedish girls are very pretty so i doubt you will be able to resist , 
  if it makes you feel better the norwegian student grants and loans are not enough when studying in norway so you need to work to save some money up . 
  interesting . 
  looking at my school 's website it says that the grant for 2014-15 is 400 $ for students studying in denmark , finland , france , ireland , italy , liechtenstein , sweden , united kingdom and austria . 
  for other countries the grant is $ 350 . 
  i was convinced that the erasmus programme was funded by the eu . 
  well til . 
  but it 's eu money , not something i get from norway if i 'm not mistaken . 
  that 's not from norway though , that 's what i 'm going to get from erasmus which is an eu project if i 'm not mistaken . 
  why so little ? 
  for us it 's 400 $ a month in western europe and 350 $ a month everywhere else in europe . 
  that 's only for the norwegian part of my grants and loans . 
  350 $ of it is from erasmus . 
  in other words 726 $ is loans , a little under half . 
  we 're going to have the plane for atleast 40-50 years so a small delay is not a issue , in addition we 're getting the first plane any minute now . 
  costs is n't much of an issue . 
  you get what you pay for . 
  from erasmus or in total ? 
  i work in the summers to have some money saved up for my studies . 
  this means i can live pretty comfortable and go on trips a few times a year . 
  being able to live off only student loans and grants is pretty hard if you stay in norway , in the cities it 's impossible . 
  that 's why going abroad to study is a very good deal for norwegian students . 
  the horrible climate in qatar alone is enough to keep me away from there . 
  how do you finance your education if you go abroad ? 
  saving up some money beforehand i can imagine ? 
  probably only on / r/europe . 
  do n't think federalization is a good idea due to the massive variety europe consists of . 
  come on , who would n't want to be knocked up by a norwegian being guaranteed a life in the greatest country in the world !? 
  60 % of it is a loan ... 
  if i finish my study with no delays . 
  if i average out what i get from norwegian student loans and grants + erasmus during the two semesters i will be spending abroad . 
  i get 2450 $ in the start of each semester ( aug , jan ) and around 920 $ in the other months from norwegian student loans and grants . 
  in addition around 360 $ a month from erasmus . 
  if you distribute it across all months it becomes approx 1570 $ a month .
