  i would argue that it 's socially left , economically right . 
  sweden is very business friendly . 
  the finance sector in the uk is n't as large as people make it out to be . 
  latvia did n't have the euro for a currency . 
  that 's a major factor . 
  they have benefited from the single market , not the common currency . 
   it actually worked in a lot of countries , the baltics and eastern europe for example . 
  because the majority of these countries use their own currency instead of the euro . 
  now the baltics have basically given part of their sovereignity away . 
  going to be interesting . 
  spot on . 
  it 's so logical that i just ca n't understand why a common currency was introduced in the first place . 
  actually us norwegians could pay it all and still have a negative debt to gdp ratio !, 
   road quality is good relative to the national level , and in many cases surpasses a lot of places in terms of traffic being low , since it 's relatively calm . 
  that is in no way true . 
  roads in the north are horrible . 
  after living in the south i do n't understand how people accept it . 
  they 're getting fucked over so hard by politicians down south and the public roads administration . 
  [ guess who gets the least amount of asphalt this year despite having the largest area to cover ] ( http://www.tu.no/samferdsel/2015/04/18/sjekk-kartet-her-kommer-det-ny-asfalt-i-ar ) ? 
  and then it 's the railway that is non-existent . 
  nordlandsbanen is still not electric yet and probably will not be for decades ahead . 
  the distances also make it hard to find cheap plane tickets . 
  often you need to stay over for a night in oslo which easily make the trip several thousand kroner more expensive ...  easier to commute up north than down south , that 's for sure . 
  it really depends on where you live . 
   it-wise infrastructure is n't a problem , and nor is cellular coverage . 
  cell coverage is 2-4 years behind the south . 
  we only recently got 4g ...  saying they 're bad is something , but what in particular drags them down ? 
  they do n't have a lot to offer and to be honest they are ugly . 
  full of 60 's architecture and lack of green-spaces . 
  they are also far away from eachother . 
  you ca n't really take a daytrip to a larger city . 
   worthwhile mentioning how while housing are magnitudes cheaper up north , the wage difference is n't remotely as high as the housing costs ? 
  this is n't true either . 
  [ only oslo is the exception ] ( https://www.ssb.no/kvadenebol ) . 
  housing in troms\u00f8 is for example insanely expensive . 
   right now it 's shitty , but that greatly depends on the season !, 
  which is annoying . 
  when i 'm in the south i know that we will have weeks , even months with 20 + degrees in the summer . 
  here it 's a question if you get a week with 20 degrees at all . 
  not to mention when it actually gets warm there is insects like mosquitos everywhere !, 
   plus , we have midnight sun -- and that 's something i absolutely love every damn summer i spend up north . 
  i find it annoying to be honest . 
  but sometimes it 's nice . 
   what is a bit lengthier than intended is not to say that the north is on par with the south in terms of exports , nor necessarily growth . 
  actually they are . 
  which is great , but i just imagine that living in the north would be much more enjoyable with proper infrastructure and cities . 
  however , i 'd hope it is a slight chance that i could convince you that the regional situation is n't remotely as black and white as you seem to have imagined , especially not when you say it 's better in pretty much every way . 
  it 's mostly because of politicians to be honest . 
  the climate would n't be an issue if the region was as developed as the south . 
  politicians always talk about `` nordomr\u00e5desatsing '' but they do n't really do something . 
  rather they do the opposite like closing military bases that employ a lot of people . 
  sweden is often used as an example of the horrors of centralization . 
  in reality northern sweden and cities like kiruna and gallivarre looks much better than cities in northern norway . 
  nice and well kept houses , greenspaces and roads/railways . 
   perhaps you 're currently in the middle of a smaller district , far away from a smaller city with proper fiber access and similarly ? 
  not really . 
  i 'm in harstad and have access to a 100/100 fiber connection . 
  kind of helps as i 'm stuck inside for the summer if the weather keeps being this bad . 
  i find it sad that things have turned out the way they have . 
  northern norway is probably the most beautiful region in norway , yet it 's been neglected for years . 
  hopefully this will change , but for the moment i 'm convinced the south is the better place to live . 
  that is my opinion after having lived both places . 
  feel free to disagree !, 
  you mean if your plan is to be able to change monetary sovereignity when the situation calls for it . 
  in the euro you are pretty much locked since it 's the ecb who runs everything . 
  so what policy do you implement if one country is doing good , while the other is doing badly ? 
  it 's simply impossible . 
  that 's the creditors risk . 
  germany is pretty backwards in that regard . 
  in scandinavia even my grandma pays with card . 
  something something having monetary sovereignity . 
  romania is not in the euro , which puts it at a much better position . 
  you mean giving money to banks , not greece . 
  that 's what is actually happening . 
  that 's why you should n't join the euro . 
  loosing monetary sovereignity is probably the most stupid thing a country can do . 
  shitty infrastructure , long distances , bad cities , shit weather , lack of jobs . 
  i could go on and on !, 
  first of all arizona has infrastructure to cope with the heat . 
  second of all the humidity is much higher in europe . 
  send some marseille weather back in return . 
  i 'm freezing my ass off here !, 
   but yeah , cloudy 8 \u00b0 c do sound like paradise to me right now . 
  you do n't know what you have until it 's gone . 
  staying at my parents in northern norway at the moment . 
  seriously depressing not being able to do basic summer activities because of the shitty weather . 
  hopefully we will get some summer temperatures soon , but then the mosquitos come ... northern norway is extremely beautiful , but living here sucks . 
  southern norway is better in pretty much any way . 
  they should n't have joined the catastrophic eurozone . 
  it was more of a union thing . 
  if i recall correctly norway had their own government , currency etc during the period . 
  the south-east has always been warm and sunny in the summer . 
  that 's why a lot of norwegians own holiday homes on the coast there . 
  the rest of the country however only experience good summer weather a few weeks in the summer ... 
  what figures did you use ? 
   i 'd like to see this series continued with 1945 and 1950 or something . 
  it would be interesting indeed . 
  norway started lagging a bit behind in the 60 's as shipping rates and aluminium prices lowered , but western europe in general had huge growth in that period !, 
   between 1880 and 1925 , your country is pretty much average if compared with the ` rich ' european countries . 
  that i agree with .
