  all of western europe plus some countries in eastern europe , for example poland . 
   whether you 'd get enough benefits as a single parent of two children ( the criteria used here ) in the nordics i do n't know , though . 
  after doing some research i found out that you are entitled to around 16 000 nok ( 1 900 $ ) per month in benefits after tax if you are a single parent with 2 children here in norway . 
   relative poverty here has been defined as making less than 50 % of the median household income . 
  median household income after tax is 35 915 nok ( 4 277 $ ) a month . 
  so in other words you are theoretically in poverty by using that standard . 
  the poverty line is even higher in norway where it 's calculated based on 60 % of the median income . 
  living on 16 000 nok a month is possible , but with two kids it can get difficult . 
  you will not starve to death though . 
  build proper roads and railways . 
  my impression is that large amounts of tourists come here using a camper van and therefore stock up on food before they come here . 
  asians are the ones who spend the most money here so they do n't seem to mind it . 
  if everyone did that then low paid work would pay a lot more . 
  i would have though it was higher in germany . 
  not to mention you get enough benefits that you do n't live in poverty despite not working . 
  they are usually represented by the confederation of norwegian enterprise . 
  i have worked with an employer that was n't part of a union , but they followed the general guidelines anyway just because it 's practical . 
  you will get no one to work for you if they do n't get the benefits and wages that are negotiated and agreed on by the unions . 
  the only attachment i get from eu symbols is a large undemocratric bureaucracy . 
  so they are the only sane ones in the union in other words . 
  it 's rather your post sounding something like `` if people continue to vote for parties i do n't like they should just leave '', 
  because fuck what the people want . 
  not any different from the eu if i 'm honest . 
  has uk redditors gone together to create the party `` cannabis is safer than alcohol '' ? 
  does n't really tempt with another union with denmark . 
  but if you bring some cheap alcohol we might reconsider . 
  on our terms this time , 
  the u.k kinda has both . 
  oil in the north sea and london being a financial centre . 
  which is what ? 
  where do you get mess from ? 
  i think it has gone pretty good so far . 
  they can join us norwegians and swiss in our not-relevant corner . 
  not a bad place to be in if i say so my self . 
  in norway food has a 15 % vat . 
  it 's a bit lower than the general vat of 25 % though . 
  seems like us norwegians actually have a reason to complain this time !, 
   one obvious difference is that the latvian network coverage is poor . 
  our sixth biggest city ( and probably the 2nd most important economically ) has no rail link at all . 
  too many small towns are unreachable by rail . 
  then there is the speed - the trains are old and slow . 
  the train ride between our two largest cities is some 220 km , but takes close to 4 hours . 
  many trains ( including on this route ) are still diesel locomotives . 
  i do n't think our trains go over 70 km/h . 
  could have been a description of the norwegian railroads . 
  it 's true though . 
  real estate taxes suck and are a good argument against it . 
  people have to sell their properties since they have inherited it but do n't have the income to pay the taxes . 
   most are taxed already : if you sell ( or receive dividends ) you pay a tax on the profits . 
  25 % in germany . 
  the difference here is that you get taxed when you sell them . 
  when they are not sold you ca n't tax the holdings because you need to sell them to pay the tax . 
  in a full time job you work 37,5 hours a week . 
  do n't know how it is in sweden but i would imagine it 's not that different . 
  how would you go about taxing non liquid assets like real estate and stock holdings ? 
  or because for the average worker it does n't matter that the richer get taxed harder . 
  it 's not like that money end up in the voters hand anyways . 
  why ruin the system that has made europe prosperous ? 
  disagreement in labour terms should be resolved before industrial action is even necessary . 
  guess two weeks on , four weeks off and a salary of 800 000 - 1 000 000 nok a year is n't good enough ... 
  not true for norway atleast . 
  captains easily earn 130 000 $ a year and first officers 60 000 $ + . 
  this is despite having 200 free days a year . 
  i do n't think we work less , it 's just that more of our workers are working part-time . 
  could be wrong though . 
  appearantly it 's popular to take the friday off -, 
  cameron will get a good paying job when he 's done being pm so it 's probably more of a `` personal goal '' . 
  here in norway politicians either go into pr-agencies and spend the rest of their career lobbying government or they end up in company boards ... 
  here in norway we use sweden as an example of what happens when immigration is not discussed openly . 
  [ among journalists in norway it 's much more balanced , but still a left-wing bias ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mjqf6ax.png ) . 
  besides , what politician is n't career-minded nowadays ? 
  that 's all we have over here atleast . 
  norwegian workers have it better than ever . 
  but we do have more issues with underpaid labour from especially eastern europe working construction and other type of manual labour . 
  it should rather be the opposite . 
  strikes are annoying as hell . 
  the interesting thing is that it 's mostly the highly paid jobs with the best benefits that go on strike . 
  oil workers , pilots , it-workers , air traffic controllers and public workers . 
  they have the most bargaining power so it 's not that surprising . 
  it 's the same here in norway though . 
  well obviously norway does n't have a worldwide known cuisine since we are a tiny nation on the outskirts of europe . 
  despite this we do quite well . 
  norwegian seafood is world class for example . 
  one ca n't expect more from a country of 5 million . 
  i doubt you will find any other countries with the same population that has a known cuisine . 
  that does n't mean the food is bad , it 's just that it 's not that well known . 
  the new and modern scandinavian cuisine is beginning to gain popularity lately . 
  if you go to a city in norway there are loads of good restaurants that serve world class food with local ingredients . 
  i am absolutely sure that there is a bright future for norwegian food ahead . 
  we still have a way to go though as most people know almost nothing about norway in general . 
   that is true but norwegian is usually not brought up in the best european food debate . 
  it is probably brought up in the worst european food debate more often . 
  people do n't know norwegian cuisine . 
  it 's the same as saying british cuisine is bad because it looks like shit even though it taste amazing . 
   you do n't see norwegian vs italian or norwegian vs french often . 
  i do n't have any statistics but i assume norwegian would lose by a lot ststistically . 
  you are wrong though . 
  norway has always won or been at the top in cooking competitions . 
  [ we actually won this year 's bocuse d'or ] ( http://www.bocusedor.com/norway-wins-the-bocuse-d-or-2015 ) . 
  they only think so .
