  the hivemind has already made up their mind . 
  summer is coming to norway as well next week . 
  20\u00bac + as far as the forecast goes !, 
  pretty happy about that tbh . 
  that 's the case for any legislation ever ? 
  the public gets to voice their opinion after the draft is complete . 
   food and enviroment safety getting destroyed would be primarily the issue . 
  reading the documents i did n't find anything that would suggest this . 
  what i found however was this : '' the parties recognize that their respective societal choices may differ with respect to public policy decisions affecting agriculture . 
  in this regard , nothing in this agreement will restrain the parties from taking measures necessary to achieve legitimate policy objectives such as the protection of public health , safety , environment or public morals , social or consumer protection , or the promotion and protection of cultural diversity that each side deems appropriate . '', 
   that is the trick , these laws need to be already in place , that is why i said check what legislation individual countries are enacting , proposing , on the works etc. 
  why does these laws need to be in place when the documents state the following ? 
  `` articles 4 ( 1 ) ( a ) ( non-discriminatory treatment and commercial activities ) , 5 ( courts andadministrative bodies ) , 6 ( adverse effects ) , 7 ( injury ) , 8 ( transparency ) , 9 ( committee ) , and 11 ( dispute settlement ) shall not apply where the state-owned enterprise is : ( a ) established or maintained by a party solely to provide essential services to the general public in its territory ; or ( b ) subject to government mandates defining its public service function , such as universal service obligations , or requirements to provide services at below market rates or on a cost recovery basis which are not imposed on similarly situated private companies . '', 
  seems to contradict your claim . 
   seriously , do you think `` private healthcare '' and finland in the same sentence ? 
  sure why not . 
  in finland there is both private and public healthcare provdiers . 
   you know the reputation nordic countries have and does that sound at all what we have been known for ? 
  no one is forcing the nordic countries to privatize their services . 
  so if that is the case in your country you can blame your politicians . 
   no , normally new legislation in democracies ( at least in my country ) is made public and is publicly discussed . 
  so will ttip when the draft is complete . 
   the irony stings -- how can one be informed if the negotiations are secretive ? 
  because this is how every trade agreements is negotiated . 
  the public gets to voice their concerns and add inputs when the draft is out for public hearing . 
  just like any new legislation . 
   agreed . 
  and i hope there will be a backlash against people passing this , if they do pass it , due to the nature of how the negotiations went . 
  the eu has already ratified several trade agreements during the last decades that were negotiated the same way . 
  do you believe that there should be a backlash because of these agreements as well ? 
  otherwise you 'd be a hypocrite . 
   you see lots of privatization and preparation for ttip , even thou it seems there is no one it could pass . 
  i have spent som time reading the documents and i have n't found any indication that governments are forced to privatize public services . 
  do you have a concrete paragraph ? 
  what concrete points are you dissatisfied with . 
  just curious ? 
  one of the few on here with good and factual arguments . 
  we need more like him . 
  the public are often way to uninformed to come with any meaningful input . 
  just look at this thread and it becomes pretty obvious . 
  also voters do have a say as their national parliaments will have to vote for the treaty in the end . 
  the public also gets to voice their opinion and come with input when the draft is out on a hearing . 
   complete public before all involved countries vote on this . 
  and complete public does not mean by accidental leaking , but as a result of a plan . 
  of course it will be public before it gets voted on by the parliament . 
  it 's standard procedure during any new legislation . 
  remember it has to be passed through numerous parliaments and each of them will have discussions on it . 
   governments must have the ability to change this treaty before its brought to vote . 
  that is literally the point of having a hearing process when the draft is complete . 
  again standard for any new legislation . 
   if these conditions are not met , democratic influence is completely gone in accepting this ( kept secret ) treaty , a no is the only viable answer . 
  i do n't even know why you feel the need to say this as every modern country operates with a public hearing period . 
   no democratic influence possible with this treaty before its accepted , then fuck this one-sided treaty . 
  stop reading biased sources and maybe you will get a more nuanced view . 
  also a basic course in legislation would be recommended . 
   more over , the ability to sue a government for profit is just a balls-on-face retarded idea . 
  this is already a possiblility so not much would change . 
  [ i 'm sure you have heard of the vattenfall dispute in germany ? 
  ] ( https://corporate.vattenfall.com/press-and-media/news/2014/why-vattenfall-is-taking-germany-to-court/ ), 
   i want to see what the experts say when ttip papers hits the ether tomorrow , before i form a strong opinion , but the secrecy surrounding the negotiations does not count in favor of it . 
  considering pretty much every free trade agreement to date has been negotiated in secret , what makes ttip different ? 
  especially considering the u.s is a modern first world country . 
  i would be more worried in regards to the other free trade agreements that are being negotiated with countries that have lower standards . 
  that free trade is good is one of the few things pretty much any economist and scholar agree on . 
  as long as fossil powered cars are cheaper you need to give people a good reason to buy ev 's . 
  economic incentives are a good start . 
  one of the few times a car is cheaper in norway than in germany . 
  an e-golf costs 28 700 $ in norway with the regular version starting at roughly the same . 
  considering how much extra benefits you get with the e-golf ( free tolls , parking , ferries etc ) there is no wonder why it 's very popular here and not in germany . 
  if you read the article it also makes a point of smaller exporters having to put much effort in to meeting two different set of regulations . 
  this is despite the product being basically the same . 
  a pretty good argument in my opinion . 
  that 's pretty sad . 
  how does he make ends meet ? 
  i know cost of living in bulgaria is low , but how on earth can you live on that ? 
  i totally agree . 
  [ if we look at eurostat it says that norway has the second highest consumption in europe after luxembourg ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/gdp_per_capita,_consumption_per_capita_and_price_level_indices ) . 
  these figures are adjusted for purchasing power as well . 
  i would imagine a lot of it has to do with high growth figures from the u.s in addition to a strong dollar . 
  she does n't even support immigrants . 
  norway has one of the strictest immigration laws in europe because of her . 
  as far as i see it this is just transfer pricing . 
  which is legal although frowned upon . 
  if you have more expenses than income you are indeed losing money . 
  funny as it 's the completely opposite here in norway . 
  the company itself is doing great while the franchaised restaurants are struggling . 
  is n't the unemployment rate in italy very different between the north and the south ? 
  i highly doubt that . 
  in addition we have other perks like being able to negotiate our own free trade agreements etc which eu members are not able to . 
  [ we accept less than 10 % of eu regulations ] ( http://www.aecr.eu/less-than-10-of-norways-laws-emanate-from-brussels/ ) . 
  in addition we pay way less than countries of similar size and economy . 
  we have own regulations in regards to fishing and agriculture which are important to us . 
  [ also less than 10 % of our laws originate from the eu ] ( http://www.aecr.eu/less-than-10-of-norways-laws-emanate-from-brussels/ ) . 
  oh and we pay less than equivilent countries to be a part of the free trade area . 
  it 's the same here in norway . 
  appearantly the goal is to protect the prostitutes themselves , because of course no one of them could prostitutute themselves voluntary . 
  there has been some debate about the law lately , but it do n't see it getting removed any time soon . 
  do n't know about finland but for a dual income household that seems pretty middle class . 
  upper class i would assume is 100k + when looking at my own country norway i can see that the median household income for multi-person households is about $ 80 000 after tax . 
  i know that incomes in finland are lower , but i would n't expect them to more than $ 20k a year lower .
