  this is because they are guaranteed to get interest on it since the u.s ca n't go bankrupt , while banks can . 
  right now the u.s use 20 billion dollars a month on interest for their debt , while they get 250 billion in taxes . 
  in other words , they have no problems at all . 
  now it gets dark at 2 pm :(, 
  u.s is getting pretty decent growth at the moment . 
  everyone prints money except the ecb . 
  they need to start doing the same . 
  i realized how good we have it here compared to a lot of other countries . 
  : / we take it for granted to have a bright future and a stable job . 
  ah , so many memories from christmas morning . 
  i think his calm voice really makes it special !, 
  i agree with you . 
  we are still at the top !, 
  yeah , i found it to be wierd : /, 
  would n't the increased labour costs cause trouble for the export industry ? 
  that could hurt the eurozone even more . 
  i have no idea . 
  everyone here speaks english ... 
  ok , thanks for the info , 
  it comes from the same guy who claims that norway is n't a welcoming country for strangers and that the progress party is a anti-immigration party on par with sd . 
   i never said they hated immigrants . 
  i was referring to the way in which norwegian society handles ` outsiders ' . 
  the example i gave of my dear old mum was a society that is accepting and welcoming and friendly to outsiders . 
  i asked you before , but you did n't answer . 
  how many people do you know that befriended a ` fresh off the boat ' immigrant and tried to introduce them to the ways of your society ? 
  is the treatment your mom got very normal in australia ? 
  everyone is queueing up to help fresh off the boat immigrants ? 
  i know noone who has befriended a fresh off the boat immigrant . 
  that is mainly because they keep to them self . 
  i know the municipaly has arranged several activities to get them in contact with the locals . 
  it seems to have worked so far . 
  i should also mention that norwegians are cold people in general . 
  most people does n't even say hello to their neighbors . 
  we only really talk to eachother when we are drunk on the weekends . 
   i want to very strongly reiterate again : i do n't think norwegians are xenophobic or racist . 
  that said , i do think that they are n't particularly open to foreigners as shown by the discrepancy in employment and problems with integration . 
  aaaaaaaand , of course , now we 're back to you not answering most of my points and instead deflecting it all onto australia . 
  i would like to see similar employment statistics for australia . 
  non-western immigrants of course . 
  about australia , i just think it shows the double standard when you say that australia is so open and welcoming , but at the same time has had tough asylum policies . 
   you know diddly squat about the election in australia and our immigration policy . 
  the liberal party did n't win , the labour party lost because they had two public leadership betrayals in the span of a few years , and because the murdoch press , which owns around 50 % of newspaper circulation in australia , was heavily siding with the liberals . 
  their main newspaper , the australian , once claimed it 's goal was to destroy the australian green party , which was in coalition with the labor party at the time . 
  the liberals did n't win because of immigration policy , the labor party lost . 
  really ? 
  it seems like a bad excuse to be honest . 
  that 's like saying labour lost our election . 
  most people wanted abbots policies , simple as that . 
  interesting thing about the media . 
  [ in norway labour owns most of the media . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amedia )  secondly , the ` immigration ' debate in australia does n't have anything to do with traditional immigrants . 
  it 's rather centered around the fact that many refugees , that have already reached safe destinations , but continue on to australia regardless , board shitty boats in indonesia and try and land in australia to claim asylum . 
  now , i personally have no problem with people coming and wanting to claim asylum , nor do the overwhelming majority of people . 
  what most australian 's do worry about is the frequent boats that sink on the way , including one that had around 30 children on it a month ago that all died . 
  so please , in future , if you 're just basing your opinions off of half remembers newspaper articles and reality tv shows - do n't . 
  sounds like something similar to the boats that sink with several hundreds outside italy . 
  the only difference is that the eu think the solution to this is to let these people come , while australia wants to remove the boats . 
  and we get called racists ? 
  i would say [ aftenposten ] ( http://www.aftenposten.no/ ) is the most neutral newspaper in norway . 
   the white australia policy was in the process of being dismantled from at least the early 60s , before formally being destroyed in the mid 70s ( it had withdrawn in practice for years before that ) . \u00a8 but you did n't like the current immigration policy so you voted in tony abbot . 
  [ ill just put this here . 
  when legitimate political parties gets excluded from debates i find it to be a legitimate concern . 
  denmark even wanted un to monitor the swedish election because they were concerned about the coverage . 
   the overwhelming majority of them try and learn norwegian , try and find a job , try and obey the laws , do n't cause trouble . 
  but when the host society demonizes them through populist politicians railing against immigrants , or in the media ( which , admittedly , is n't as common in norway with respect to the media ) , how can they not feel like outsiders ? 
  [ the vast majority of norwegians have nothing against immigrants . 
  ] ( http://www.ssb.no/innvhold/ ) the media has actually been very anti-frp ever since its beginning . 
   first . 
  this point is n't relevant , it 's a distraction . 
  second , australia takes the third or second highest rate per capita of refugees from un camps in the world . 
  as for ` strict immigration policies ' , about a quarter of australian citizens were n't born in australia , and in the city i 'm from , melbourne , that number is somewhere around 34 % why is n't it relevant ? 
  now you have gotten a new government which is even more stricter on immigration . 
  the liberal party got twice the amount of voters as progress in norway . 
  un refugees will never be the same amount as asylum seekers . 
  we accept our fair share and it 's not un refugees people complain about . 
  in oslo almost 29 % of the population is immigrants . 
  the most popular baby name for males have been muhammed for three years in a row now . 
  we have our fair share . 
  in australia most foreign born immigrants are from europe , it really is n't comparable . 
   as to frp , are you really trying to tell me it 's not a right wing populist anti immigration party ? 
  because i just checked wikipedia ( to refresh my memory ) , and they claim it is , with multiple sources . 
  the left-right axis in norwegian politics is very narrow . 
  the right here is the same as many european labour parties . 
  frp was funded on a small state and lower taxes , so you ca n't compare it to sverigedemokratarna for example . 
  they are the only party in norway who wants to limit immigration . 
  they do n't even want to stop it . 
  how about this then , 84 % of the population voted for parties that wanted immigration at todays level or more . 
  the wonderful history you have yeah ? 
  australia was fucking racist until only a few decades ago . 
  i find it funny the shows we have here called border patrol . 
  it 's from sydney airport where they just throw immigrants out like garbage . 
  at the same time i do n't expect journalists to know everything either . 
  if you want factual news i would recommend you to read magazines or newspapers specializing in the field you want to read about . 
  i like to read about innovation and technical stuff . 
  that is why i like the website '' [ teknisk ukeblad ] ( http://www.tu.no/ ) '' which have lots of interesting articles . 
  spot on !, 
  well , you are right about it being a debate article . 
  but it does reflect the newspapers view because it is written by their editorial writer . 
   in the post i linked , you literally said that ` most do n't even bother to get a job ' . 
  which was wrong by me .
