  i do n't think they want things in return . 
  considering the u.k contributes more than it gets i would say they would be better off . 
  completely oil based ? 
  it 's 25 % of our economy . 
  that 's interesting . 
  not my experience at all in norway . 
  it has n't been used , but we have the option . 
  i do n't think they would be . 
  the uk is still a large and easy market to get in to . 
  it 's about the same as the rest of the western world . 
  many rich people are taxed less than the middle class in percent since they get income from stocks etc which are taxed at 27 % here in norway . 
  nato is more important . 
  what about switzerland ? 
  eea countries can choose not to implement eu regulations . 
  we have a veto you know . 
  companies are still interested in doing business with countries that are outside of the eu . 
  as long as there is money to be made , business will happen . 
  fuck what people want right ? 
  keep holding on to that power . 
  how is it not ? 
  it 's like that in norway as well . 
  quality can vary a lot depending on municipality . 
  small municipalities often have more trouble getting doctors . 
  true , often you can see huts and houses that are located in a `` forest '' and wonder why they were built there . 
  but more often than not it was n't any forest there when it was built . 
  because it 's much nicer to see a well kept farm that has `` life '' in it . 
  instead you have farms that are rotten and falling apart , often with rusty farming equipment beside it . 
  also you do n't see many animals grazing on the fields anymore since subsidies means that grass is more expensive than imported soyabeans ... 
  you could of course do that . 
  i do however think that the worst part of it all is that the cultural landscape disappears . 
  instead of seeing the land being utilized you see an old farm that is falling apart while grass and trees grows all around it . 
  it 's a very common sight in many parts of the country . 
  here in norway it 's the opposite . 
  many parts of the country is unrecognizable now compared to only some decades ago . 
  less farming and animals that do n't go outside means that trees are popping up everywhere . 
  looks pretty bad if you ask me . 
  i guess having so many layers of government strains the budget quite a bit !, 
  but what do you mean that healthcare and education is n't free ? 
  it 's not totally free here either but it 's not expensive in any way . 
  also dental care is n't covered here if you are over 18 years old . 
  then it is n't so bad . 
  if i 'm not mistaken payroll taxes are quite high in belgium . 
  [ referring to this chart ] ( http://static2.businessinsider.com/image/50eef524ecad04766900000c-1406-734-909-474/tax%20rates%20ranking%20100k.jpg ) . 
   vat at 21 % looking at wikipedia you have reduced rates for restaurants ( 12 % ) and essential goods ( 6 % ) . 
  in norway it 's 25 % in general , 15 % for food and 10 % for travel and culture . 
  so vat is harsher here . 
   norwegians are in the same marginal 45 % bracket for annual salaries between 470\u00a0000-750\u00a0000 nok ( ~ $ 47 000-75 000 ) , here it 's between $ 20 000 and $ 38 000 it 's a little bit outdated . 
  now we have got a more advanced bracket system . 
  the general tax rate is 25 % and `` top tax '' starts at 565 400 - 909 500 ( +10,7 % ) and 909 500 + ( 13,7 % ) . 
  the top bracket is therefore not reached until you have 95000 $ in income . 
  it has to be said that both income and cost of living is higher here is it plays a part as to why the top bracket hits at a higher salary . 
  are you sure you pay scandinavian taxes ? 
  even if you earn 100 000 $ here in norway that will only get you in a bracket where you pay like 35 % tax . 
  for most people the tax burden on their income is between 25-30 % which is lower than people think . 
  do n't know how vat and other taxes are in belgium though . 
  gbp has increased in value towards the eur . 
  that 's household income , not individual . 
  are n't taxes really high in belgium though ? 
  that may push the net wage down quite a bit . 
   i pulled this directly out of my ass though , so if anyone has a better explanation , i 'd love to hear it . 
  the answer you are looking for is exchange rates . 
  our currency has lost a lot of value the last few years . 
  the average wage in 2014 was 42300 nok/month . 
  which today equals 4435 $ a month . 
  in 2014 the nok was much stronger , so at the time the same amount equaled 5290 $ which we could argue is way ahead of the eu average !, 
  if you look at the table the figure is 3212 $ which seems about right . 
  keep in mind that the nok has lost quite a bit of value towards the euro . 
  the average net wage would have been closer to $ 4000 a couple of years ago . 
  it 's a good industry to be in . 
  people are gettig very rich on tax payers money . 
  here in norway bank fees are pretty much non-existent . 
  i assume stefan is only head of government , not state . 
  i do n't live in an authorian country and i do n't assume germany is either . 
  also all bank deposits are insured to a certain value so losing it is also not a concern . 
  well neither is the ruble . 
  that 's interesting . 
  even here in norway where we have loads of private land it 's not really common to have an own car that 's only used in that area . 
  what 's the point of having a car that you ca n't drive on public roads ? 
  when buying a used car you have to register it at the authorities anyways ? 
  here the two parties agree on the term and transfer the money at the spot . 
  takes 2 seconds . 
  i do everything online nowadays through my bank . 
  it 's so simple . 
  i have n't had any need to rent or buy anything anonymously yet and i do n't see the need to in the future either so that 's not a problem for me . 
  ca n't even remember the last time i used cash to buy something actually !, 
  rich people have assets in other currencies so they are not as affected . 
  in addition people tend to put money into real assets to guard them from a volatile currency . 
  it 's mostly germans that are old fashioned and/or paranoid . 
  doing everything online is even easier . 
  you do n't even have to count the money . 
  this is happening in norway atleast . 
  people seek out more local food and is willing to pay more for quality . 
  interesting system . 
  so in reality the wages are more or less the same as over here ? 
  the wage figures in oslo is somewhat on the low side . 
  the average wage in norway is 42300 nok before tax . 
  on that you pay around 27 % if you have no deductions . 
  lower if you do n't . 
  also you pay tax only 10,5 months . 
  in december you pay half tax and in june you get 12 % of last years wage tax free .
