  the only way to get affordable housing is to build more , not cap rent prices . 
  you will fuck up the market that way . 
  it 's pretty dependent on what sector you are in . 
  basic retail jobs get hundreds or thousands of applications if you are in a medium sized city . 
  on the other hand i have someone in my family who owns a carpenter company and they struggle to find qualified workers . 
  for engineers the situation is pretty bad these days except for municipal or construction . 
  that 's true . 
  wages for high skilled work is in general lower than in the u.s. 
  i do find the egalitarianism aspect is more about ceo 's earning rediculous amounts though . 
  most people are more than happy with professionals like doctors , engineers and scientists earning good money . 
  wise choice to go where the jobs are . 
  having both eu and us/canada citizenship is a major advantage !, 
   personally i like being able to reap the full rewards of the hard work i put in during school and that i continue to put in getting my professional designations . 
  which is the case over here as well . 
  there is a reason why there are more rich people per capita over here compared to the u.s. 
  starting your own business or climbing up the ranks in existing companies is a good start . 
  that 's kind of sad . 
  allthough i am pretty sure wages have risen quite considerably in the ex-soviet states . 
  with low unemployment rates wages should be pushed up . 
  that 's what i like about living in norway . 
  no matter what job you have you will still get paid enough to live a pretty good life !, 
  makes me happy to live in norway where the actual minimum wage is around $ 20/hr . 
  in addition the tax burden on that income is 22 % if you have no deductions . 
  in switzerland the wages are equal or even higher but with less taxes as well . 
  then again unskilled jobs pay shit in the u.s. 
  it 's a high risk job though . 
  one of the few occupations that are exempt from the labour law . 
  you are right . 
  although you have outliers . 
  average wage in norway is 4700 $ a month and even higher for full time workers . 
  i guess switzerland and norway are the exception . 
  wages down on the continent are indeed pretty low . 
  fishing is very profitable though . 
  a fisherman here in norway can easily earn 100k $ for half a year of work . 
  still pretty steep prizes . 
  in oslo it varies from around 10k-20k depending on size and area . 
  kind of high although possible with an average income . 
   in central stockholm ? 
  40000 sek and up . 
  40k a month ?? 
  for what size ? 
  compared to oslo that 's insane . 
  meanwhile it takes two days to drive from the north to the south of norway . 
  it 's pretty relevant as it 's the de facto world currency . 
  a lot of the countries in europe does n't even use the euro so for them it does n't matter . 
  basically industrialization . 
  norway had loads of heavy industry . 
  because of cheap hydroelectric power in addition to a relatively cheap workforce our economy grew quite a bit . 
  in addition norway had and still has one of the largest merchant fleets in the world . 
  the euro did n't exist in 1938 . 
  hydropower caused a large amount of heavy industry like metals and shipbuilding . 
  also loads of timber allowing paper production . 
  as you said fisheries and a huge merchant fleet did also contribute quite a bit . 
  there may be small differences . 
  but in general both parties already have good food standards . 
  i would be more worried about the food standards of countries like india , thailand and the phillipines which is other countries the eu is negotiating trade agreements with . 
  food in the u.s and eu are in between . 
  the authorities in both places have strict guidelines for what food can be sold and what is safe for human consumption . 
  although eating healthy is the consumers choice . 
  a tomato or lettuce is healthy to eat in both the eu and the us for example . 
  the us economy is way more solid than the european one at the moment . 
  this has more to do with the west being able to compete against emerging countries like china and india . 
  the west can therefore set standards in the global marketplace . 
  a good thing in my opinion as western standards are more strict than those in emerging countries . 
  yes people all over the u.s are dying daily from poisonous food . 
  food standards in both the u.s and the eu are pretty strict already . 
  the only time i actually got food poisoning was actually in europe ... 
  it 's the businesses that are responsible to pay the sales tax . 
  you could start with some kind of reciept lottery that has been very efficient in eastern europe . 
  let 's make it a sport !, 
  but the vw dsg gearbox is so awesome . 
  let 's agree to disagree . 
  feel free to oppose it . 
  however it should be because of concrete facts and not just because you want to oppose something for the sake of it . 
  if you actually read the papers i 'm sure you will find plenty of other things that you like . 
  a lot of the concerns people have has already been adressed . 
  [ to be fair there are countries in the eu that use more antibiotics than the u.s. ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9ybmhwe.jpg ), 
  when it comes to food it does n't mention anything specific regarding names , labeling and origin . 
  i assume this is something that will be negotiated more thoroughly at a later stage . 
  we have it in norway as well . 
  very good food !, 
  reading the leaks that came the last week i found this paragraph : `` 1 . the united states shall provide that certain names may be used as names of origin for wine and spirit drink only to designate wines and spirit drinks of origin indicated by such a name , and shall include , among such names , those listed in : annex x , part a , names of quality wines produced in specified regions , and names of table wines with geographical indications ; part b , names of member states ; and annex x , names of spirit drinks '' now forgive me if i 'm wrong . 
  but does n't this basically mean that the only way you can call your drink for example champagne is if the drink actually originates from there ? 
  if that is the case then i do n't see the worries . 
  all gdp growth figures are adjusted for inflation . 
  so basically if growth is 4 % while inflation is 2 % , it shows up on the chart as 2 % growth . 
  did n't feel it here in norway tbh . 
  prefer it to the blood flowing out of gulags to be honest . 
  it 's because other countries newspapers are not in english which means foreigners do n't read them . 
  there is a lot of shit in other countries newspapers as well . 
  i think it has to do with the distance from the continent to be honest . 
  it 's the same in norway . 
  the centre of europe just feels so far away and you do n't really get to experience it outside of travels . 
  when i now live in poland it is different because you are so close to many different countries . 
  i can go to slovakia , germany and the czech republic by car in just a few hours . 
  it 's totally different and leads to a higher sense of unity . 
  sounds like scandinavia . 
   you think the state can make good use of the taxes ? 
  if you think so then it is fair enough . 
  too bad reality shows us that the state is horrible at managing peoples money .
