  norway shares the same work dicipline and career orientation that we find in northern europe and northern america . 
  the pursuit of a good career and good money drives most people . 
  now forgive me if i 'm wrong , but i feel like people in southern europe are more family oriented and have a more relaxed attitude . 
  in norway you are seen as a loser if you live with your parents well into your twenties . 
  i would imagine this is different in the south . 
  would be interested to hear your opinion . 
  student loan and stipend , in addition to part time work and/or transfers from parents are the most common way . 
  speaking for myself i get all three so i have it pretty good . 
  to be a doctor is different , however you can get by fine if you are frugal . 
   portugal already has a high private debt so , it 's better to avoid starting making them in debt at 18 . lol it 's no problem if you are pretty much guaranteed a job afterwards , which may be a problem in portugal i 'll admit . 
   and my parents would never send me money if i was living alone in the same city lol . 
  most parents are just happy that their kid are not living at home . 
  for them it 's cheaper to send some money than actually having to support them at home . 
   and in many courses i do n't think it 's possible to conciliate with a job ( medicine , physics , etc. 
  simply not possible ) . 
  it will be hard in norway too with those studies . 
  however medicine studies tend to be pretty practical . 
  those i know that are studying to be a nurse basically gets paid as they are studying . 
  it 's not problem to work in holidays either or weekends where pay is very good . 
  you can get by if you only work in the summer as well . 
  from the government in form of loans and stipends ( little over 1000 eur/month ) , part time work and money from parents . 
  norwegian students and youth generally have it very good . 
  even if you study in the same city as your parents it 's still the norm to live by yourself . 
  most young people prefer the freedom and there is also some social pressure involved . 
  neither will you if the predictions are right . 
  that 's totally wierd for me . 
  pretty much all of my friends ( around 20 years of age ) live by themselves . 
  people usually move out at 18 when they start studying and then never move back . 
   the funny thing is here in scandinavia , * some * people have the same mentality . 
  that europe is this other thing , the `` continent '' is over there , this is a unique archipelago and that makes it distinct . 
  that 's pretty true . 
  i ca n't always relate to the `` continent '' in such a way it seems many people on the continent do . 
  i feel more culturally close to northern americans and brits than france or belgium for example . 
  in short : no control over fishing and agriculture , more eu regulations , higher contributions and an expectation that we would enter the euro ( which would be cathastrofic for norway ) . 
  how does it compare to 2008 ? 
  for non-eu citizens they are pretty strict . 
  from eu it 's free flow of people . 
  why is it crap ? 
  it 's a fact that eu members ca n't negotiate trade agreements by themselves . 
  britain is far from the only country that is opposed to federalization . 
  good luck getting danes and swedes on that idea . 
  as far as i 'm aware the u.k ca n't negotiate any independent trade agreements while they are still in the eu . 
  once they are out i 'm sure we 'll be happy to find an agreement . 
  the u.k is an english speaking country with a well educated work force , good business climate and work ethic . 
  they will do fine in the long term . 
  london is still going to be a global city with large importance . 
  we want to keep our fishing industry and agriculture while maintaining our own currency and the ability to negotiate trade agreements you mean ? 
   polls often show massive resistance towards things , does n't mean they do n't happen somewhere in the future . 
  the support for eu membership is at an all time low . 
  even suggesting membership is political suicide in norway . 
   opinions change . 
  generations seldom share every view . 
  that 's true . 
  the younger generation is even more against the eu than the elder generations . 
  taxes has increased and more export ? 
  i think power is dirt cheap in norway , which the map also confirms . 
  we have the same in norway . 
  https://www.strompris.no/ just checking my municipality shows i can choose between 66 different providers . 
  the distribution of power is usually state owned , just like roads . 
  the production and sale of it is often `` privatized '' . 
  since you are norwegian i am sure you are aware of how many providers you can choose from which helps push prices down for the consumer . 
  so while the power lines are state owned , the electricity that flows through them is often private . 
  some imported goods can be more expensive , but i doubt it will be that much more . 
  in addition most day to day expenses is from the u.k ( food , rent , entertainment ) and will not be affected . 
  usually it a payraise will lead to increases on the upper parts too as they will have to compete for workers as lower skilled work gets more attractive . 
  which is n't what i 'm talking about . 
  i 'm talking about purchasing power . 
   if you raise the wage of those who gather tomatoes , the owner of the company will sell their tomatoes at a higher price in order to keep their income on the + . 
  but the consumer will be able to pay more for the tomatoes because he earns more . 
   and here is exactly the problem , because those ee coming to britain rarely work for big companies who can influence the market on their own , mostly work on small farms or small/medium sized businesses who must adapt in order to survive . 
  and those businesses will be hit the hardest . 
  if every small/medium sized business has to comply with the same wages and working conditions as the others then this should n't be a problem . 
  for example do we have sector wide agreements on wages and working conditions in norway . 
  this means that a small business has the same obligations as the large ones . 
  when dealing with exports this is harder since i 'm sure farms and other businesses on the continent would love to keep their cheap labour . 
  it 's a sad thing that only leads to a race to the bottom on wages . 
  the buyers will have to pay , but they will earn more so they can afford the added cost with money to spare . 
  when your employee earns more , he does n't care that the price has increased by a tiny amount . 
  he can still afford more than he could before . 
  it has to be done gradually though at a pace that the economy can sustain . 
  if the demand for products are high and labour is scarce it 's should work out fine . 
  labour is n't 100 % of a business expense . 
  just like mixing a 50 % abv vodka and a 40 % abv vodka does n't make it 90 % alcoholic . 
  in a supermarket wages can account for a small amount of expenses . 
  is n't it basic logic that increasing wages does n't increase prices with the same amount ? 
  you are assuming that all your expenses will increase , but that 's not the case . 
  if you rent a factory that price will stay the same that year no matter how much you produce or how many people you employ . 
  labor is very seldom 100 % of a business expense . 
  in a supermarket labour can very well be only 5 % of the total expenses . 
  for a # 1 item a # 1 wage increase will only mean a cost increase of # 0,05 . 
  most cheap goods are made in asia and i do n't see how they will stop exporting to the u.k. 
  if they increase their prices it should n't be a problem to cover the wage increase while still getting profit . 
  companies will have to increase their prices , but since labour is n't their only expense the price increase will be lower than the wage increase . 
  why should n't they ? 
  in norway and switzerland the actual minimum wage is more than double that of the u.k and it works fine . 
  even if you need to increase prices the increase will be lower than the wage increase . 
  that 's how you get real wage growth . 
  not as high as the wage increase because labour is not the only expense a business have . 
  in norway you usually enter the amount you want to pay . 
  so if the price is 80 i can choose to pay 90 instead and the 10 nok in tips gets seperated automatically .
