  for a mobile plan they are not really that strict . 
  i was listed with 0 income yet i passed the rating for example . 
  you get a letter in your mail if someone orders a credit check from a third party . 
  on the letter it gives you a score out of 100 and a risk calculation . 
  it also includes what the check was based on , for example your tax returns . 
  to be honest it does n't bother me . 
  if you have not moved out of your parents home by 18 here in scandinavia you are most likely looked at as an outcast . 
  you have good support when studying so most people can afford to rent without many problems . 
  the kardashians are absurdly popular over here ... 
  not to mention owning a car pretty early on . 
  norway as well . 
  they will usually tell you to go back to the pub you bought it at or to pour it out . 
  is n't trades pretty highly paid in the u.s ? 
  electricians , carpenters etc ? 
  credit cards are pretty well and alive here in norway as well . 
  you can get good offers and discounts on for example petrol and groceries by using it . 
   build up credit you are not subject to a credit check when ordering a mobile plan for example ? 
  you are here in norway atleast . 
  do you have a source ? 
  if i recall correctly fa 's are actually paid more if they work for norwegian than sas . 
  who says we do n't ? 
  like anywhere else there has been an increase in local breweries . 
  europe is way to diverse for a complete unification . 
  i do n't see it happening in my lifetime , rather the opposite . 
  then it makes more sense !, 
  cheapest 0,5 is bare i think . 
  around 20 , - . 
  i do n't see the point in having the eu as a single entity when in reality it has little common viewpoints . 
  you have the east/west and south/north devide that will always influence policies . 
  maybe one and a half . 
  but ... but muh evil u.s spying . 
  us complex europeans would never participate in something like that !, 
  but those taxes only exist for companies operating in a sector that is subject to those products . 
  for those who do n't that 's not the case . 
  a maker of chocolate most likely does n't pay tax on sand . 
  it 's the workers who pays the taxes in denmark while the corporations get away with very little tax . 
   norway was a poor country until it found oil . 
  who keeps spreading this rumour when in fact norway was one of the richest countries in western europe at the time ? 
   success of western countries has nothing to do with capitalism . 
  are you serious ? 
   western countries are either : colonial powers , rich with natural resources , geographically in better position . 
  ah yes , like for example finland that is neither a colonial power , has low amount of natural resources and a geography that makes it horrible for agriculture ... you are right that capitalism is n't the only thing . 
  good work ethic , low amounts of corruption etc also plays a role . 
  but to say that capitalism has absolutely nothing to do with it is just plain wrong . 
  if that were the case eastern europe would be thriving . 
   look at those exports . 
  norway looks closer to russia than to sweden nowadays . 
  implying exports represent the entire economy . 
  if france would have had the same amount of petroleum resources it would look the same for you as it makes no sense not to export it . 
  norway has actually kept alive a lot of our mainland industries . 
  this partly the reason why we are still well of despite the oil price being half of what it was a year ago . 
   you mean to say french students have 1200/5 = 240 billion dollars of debt . 
  til . 
  i hav no idea how much debt french students have . 
  and as i said earlier using the total amount of debt does n't really say much . 
   well lets give those people the option . 
  18k per year is just tuition is no option . 
  you can find colleges with tuition fees as low as 6k a year . 
  blame the eurozone and stupid politicians . 
  it works really well most places . 
   lets see when oil runs out . 
  you better get like sweden . 
  considering we were pretty much on par with sweden and denmark before we found oil . 
  i do n't see why not . 
   any non-propagandistic measurements ? 
  the economist is well the economist . 
  feel free to add other sources . 
   can happen anywhere that one . 
  if you business is deemed of national interest , it 'll get nationalised . 
  have n't happened here . 
  except for the war where the marchant fleet got nationalized but that was quite a special occasion . 
   yes . 
  i rather pay taxes than have debt . 
  i have more freedom and control . 
  you may feel that way . 
  but i 'd rather have the option . 
  if i do n't want to get into debt i could have . 
  but i find that it 's worth it in the end with the extra salary . 
   and in france students dont have 1 trillion dollars of debt . 
  using a total number instead of per capita is pretty useless as it does n't show the whole picture . 
  the u.s has like 4 times your population . 
   well france has a better health care system that norway . 
  maybe there 's room of improvement . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  i 've had a few experiences with the healthcare system here . 
  the waiting times are the biggest problem , but when you get the care it 's usually good . 
   13k per year suuuure is cheap man . 
  that 's not too far of what i get in student loans per year . 
  it 's not too bad as the terms are pretty alright . 
   i basically got paid to study through scholarships . 
  lucky for you i guess . 
  you pay more tax and get paid lower than here so i guess it adds up . 
   like you make it so painfully obvious , in the us or in norway you 're eaither poor so go fuck yourself and your kids . 
  how dare you be poor the poor in norway has it better than the poor in france . 
  [ and would you belive it , so does the poor in america ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2013/06/01/astonishing-numbers-americas-poor-still-live-better-than-most-of-the-rest-of-humanity/ ) . 
  in nazi germany you could very well do that . 
  and risk having your business nationalized or confiscated by the government ...  that tells me nothing about how good or bad the system is . 
  is n't it enough to look at living standards across the world and economic indicators ? 
  how so ? 
  yes of course .
