  i would assume the law is similar to here where it 's not illegal if those having sex are at a similar age or development . 
  not for norway in my experience . 
  would n't surprise me if it was about producing as well . 
  plenty of agricultural products from the netherlands in our supermarkets , especially stuff like tomatoes . 
  guess we are pretty lucky being able to choose for ourselves , 
  it also applies to ferries . 
  our current government is more pro-cars than the previous ones so we are in the process of removing and lowering current tolls . 
  toll roads is n't really necessary here , but politicians , especially on the left , love to put charges on everything . 
  i would argue that nato has far more to do with it . 
  for the majority of toll roads there is a monthly cap which may amount to around $ 175 . 
  considering you can deduct pretty much half of it it 's not too bad . 
  especially considering it 's normal to earn $ 3500 or more after tax . 
  good that we still have some sovereignity left over here . 
  if i understood this correctly , the toll is the same for everyone except the germans get a tax break ? 
  if this is the case i honestly do n't see the issue as it 's basically the same over here in norway . 
  would n't a simple rewording fix it though ? 
  here in norway you get tax breaks regarding toll payments . 
  still both foreigners and nationals all have to pay the toll , even though norwegians get a tax break . 
  why should n't the germans be able to tax or give tax breaks the way they want ? 
  it 's none of slovenia , france or italy 's business . 
  more traffic and more routes would probably be some of the advantages . 
  if you 've ever arrived in the u.s it should be pretty obvious . 
  takes for ever to get through customs . 
  no i 'm not ? 
  that 's not a trade agreement . 
  that 's seperate deals done between companies . 
  you can of course trade with other countries , but you ca n't agree on removing tolls etc. 
  depending on where you live in europe the same things apply . 
  i would rather go to a hospital in the u.s than in greece or romania for example . 
  40-hour work week is the standard in europe also with 60-70 hours for some jobs . 
  considering they 're still in the eu they 're getting both the good and the bad as it currently stands . 
  good to hear !, 
  feels good being in the eea and able to negotiate trade deals while having access to the common marke . 
  i 'm lithuanian , but have no problem with germany leading the way for europe as they are responsible and smart people . 
  that may be the case for you . 
  but a lot of people , especially in western europe do n't have anything to gain from german leadership . 
  are the germans going to tell people from sweden , denmark and the netherlands how to run their countries when they do better than germany ? 
  hope the growth is noticeable outside of the capital region as well . 
  it 's because us norwegians save money in real estate instead of financial assets like stocks and funds . 
  norwegians put their savings in real estate instead of financial assets . 
   a lot of the perks you enjoy are based on good faith . 
  if the eu wanted to change the terms of your trade with it you would n't last three hours in the negotiation room . 
  having oil & gas is a pretty good leverage when negotiating . 
  good luck running your factories and homes without it . 
  both the eu and norway want to be on good terms though . 
  which is why they are going to be threatened by the u.s who can produce cheaper goods for the eu market . 
  low voter turnout can be caused by several things . 
  not feeling like their vote matters , none of the parties seem appealing and lastly that you have no faith in the system . 
  call them ignorant and careless all you want , but maybe it 's you who are careless and ignorant in this case . 
   where did you get that impression ? 
  because the u.s will become a competitor to germany within europe . 
  german exports to the u.s will probably rise , but to other european countries it does n't have to be the case . 
   the question is how much sovereignty we want to sacrifice for that increased export . 
  well , considering you are part of the eu loosing sovereignity is n't really an issue is it ? 
   the eu being undemocratic in total is a very polemic thing to say . 
  why ? 
   american standards are lower in sectors of interest for us european customers . 
  take the alimentary sector as an example . 
  but higher in other sectors . 
  for example is air pollution less of an issue in the u.s. because of politicians being pro-diesel in europe , the cities is very polluted in the winters . 
  how much is the turnout for voting in the eu elections ? 
  something like 40 % ? 
  what is that a symptom of ? 
   for example you ca n't give the ep the right to initiate legislation without taking a big step towards federalism . 
  it 's simply not supported by the member states at the moment ... wierd how that works when they loose all sovereignity . 
  if spain wants to develop a free-trade agreement with south africa , they 're not allowed to because of the eu . 
  or what about the countries that did n't join the euro and prosper as a consequence ? 
  when will they be forced to join ? 
  in reality only germany and france runs the whole place . 
  if a legislation is bad for danish businesses , good luck trying to stop it . 
  if a legislation is bad for german businesses , oh wait , maybe it was n't a good idea . 
  the eu has become a joke . 
  it used to be good when it was mainly a free-trade-agreement , but now it 's turned into a government that can override national states . 
  pretty scary indeed . 
  considering how much people on this site complains about democracy in the u.s , it 's wierd how many still wants an even less democratic version . 
  in what way ? 
  we get to keep most of our sovereignity , keep control over our natural resources and only need pay a small sum to be a part of the common market . 
  regulations are not lower than u.s ones in general . 
  on some things the eu has lower standards and the opposite . 
   it 's totally antidemocratic just like the eu ? 
   untransparent name one trade agreement where negotiations have been totally transparent . 
  the shareholders being full of pension funds ensuring your retirement or regular people saving money . 
  far from every shareholder is rich . 
  not really surprising considering germany has the most to loose from the treaty . 
  ugh , too late for this trolling stuff . 
  oh sorry , thought scandinavia was a part of europe . 
  my bad ... 
  wood all the way here in scandinavia . 
  it 's alright , but the cities on the west coast blows it out of the water . 
  yep . 
  feels good living in the oslo region when it comes to climate . 
  especially for someone who come from northern norway . 
  oslo has improved a lot during the last few years . 
  does n't beat bergen or \u00c5lesund in charm and beauty though . 
   your marvellous capital pretty sure a large amount of norwegians would disagree with you on that . 
  we complain about everything though . 
  that 's a whole lot of money !, 
  poor people do n't get middle class public sector jobs . 
  i also think you overestimate the amount of businesses that outsource . 
  the service sector is by far the largest sector in western countries .
