  heard of government programs ? 
   and for one reason or another us life expectancy is relatively low . 
  i think that has more to do with some people having a bad lifestyle . 
  an income in the u.s goes a lot further . 
  in real terms a doctor that works in the u.s has 4 times higher purchasing power than a doctor here in norway . 
  high taxes and vat makes living in europe quite expensive . 
  housing , infrastructure , incomes etc. 
  i have never needed to buy bottled water in the u.s for example . 
  but i find myself having to do it pretty often when travelling outside of scandinavia . 
  europeans live in small and cramped apartments and houses that cost a fortune , while americans live in large houses that are reasonably cheap . 
  something that may be the reason why the household debt is so high in western europe . 
  it must be since my own experience is that the u.s are in general more developed than europe . 
  the same can be said about many countries in europe . 
  do you learn everything about the u.s from reddit ? 
  because it really appears that way . 
  not sure if i really agree . 
  the `` poor '' live well in western europe , bur not that much better than in the u.s. 
  the u.s middle class is in general better off than in europe . 
  they have wages europeans only can dream about and a very low cost of living . 
  the poor in the u.s does n't have it as bad as people think . 
  it 's the same in norway . 
  that 's why they vote for a party and then bitches about what they do when they enter government . 
   many european laws and regulations despite having no say in them . 
  like pretty much any country in the eu already . 
  or maybe they will stop believing the propaganda the human smugglers provide . 
  that 's way nicer than the asylum facilities refugees get here in norway !, 
  that 's painfully true . 
  it 's the same in norway after the oil money started pouring in . 
  no problem , 
  that 's over a period of 5 years or so . 
  we pay 388 million eur a year . 
  even less than bulgaria or almost 6 times less than denmark which is probably the closest comparison in regards to wealth and population . 
  the norwegian figure is the avarage income pre-tax after deductions . 
  in trysil 's case the actualy income is closer to 31 000 $ a year pre-tax . 
  keep in mind that the figure is after standard deductions . 
  it 's easily over 100 000 nok higher in actual income . 
  another factor is that the figure is that the average income comes from the tax records . 
  this does n't factor in pre deduction income which on an average salary is easily 14000 $ euros a year . 
  so the real income is closer to 31000 $ a year before tax . 
  just imagining how much we would have to pay if we were in the eu ... 
  superchargers ? 
  if people get by in norway with an ev i find it hard to believe it 's not possible in the middle of europe . 
  tesla will absolutely decrease profit in the danish market when no one can afford their cars anymore . 
  [ look on page 161 second column ] ( http://www.pwc.com/gx/en/paying-taxes/pdf/pwc-paying-taxes-2015-high-resolution.pdf ) . 
  corporations in france and belgium pay less in profit taxes than corporations in ireland . 
  what is wrong with attracting investments ? 
  corporation tax is only partly why corporations decide to headquarter themselves in ireland . 
  eastern europe in general have lower corporate tax than ireland for example . 
  norway grew 0,2 % in q3 . 
  if you look at the actual amount of taxes paid it 's not the lowest in europe . 
  deductions in other countries bring the effective tax rate of companies down to lower than the 12,5 % that are being paid in ireland . 
  fair enough . 
  why is denmark the lowest then ? 
  they seem to be doing good in denmark . 
  if you switch nokia with oil you have norway . 
  we 're not in a bad situation though as the currency weakened a lot which keeps our exports competitive . 
   finnish parliament is very pro-euro . 
  very interesting since it 's the euro that keeps finland from recovering . 
   finland had a very tough time with the finnish mark which was extremely unstable due to currency speculation and was subject to tons of devaluations . 
  why does the rest of the nordics manage to have stable currencies ? 
  you are implying that the increased tax revenue would n't have been spent by the private sector . 
  if the government wants to add fresh money to the economy they need to run a deficit . 
  does n't matter if you do n't do anything while at work . 
  why ? 
  suddenly finland has become the cheapest place in the nordics to do business . 
  our main export had gone down the shitter the last year and the weaker currency is a good shock absorber for sure . 
  ca n't say my standard of living has plummeted here in norway after the nok loosing 20 % of its value towards the euro . 
  to be honest i barely even notice it . . 
  who got you into the euro ? 
  you are right that the state gets dividends , but since they are listed on the stock exchange it 's not close to 67 % as the company needs the profits to continue to grow . 
  looking at some numbers over the years statoil dividends have n't been massive . 
  around 14 billion nok during the best years . 
  meanwhile the state have gotten several 100 billion through regular taxes . 
  it 's mostly ideology to want a company that the state has the majority ownership of to have the sole right to extract oil . 
  all the oil companies contribute the same amount of their profits in tax . 
  heck , if it were n't for exxon there would n't be an oil industry in norway !, 
   i still do n't understand why we do n't drill the oil ourselves like the norwegians do , if we did that we would n't lose 50 % of the profit to foreign oil company shareholders ... 
  but we do n't extract the oil ourselves here in norway ... 
  among oil companies operating there is british companies like bp and shell . 
  it 's a little bit more than you would earn in the same jobs here in norway where people earn way more than the eu average . 
  it would probably be around the same a year ago though . 
  the usd has become very strong lately !, 
   europe is pretty much one huge built up metropolitan area , interrupted only by large swaths of farmland , a few mountains in norway and the alps , and a few forests here and there . 
  or is this also a misconception ? 
  it 's mostly central europeans that think that way . 
  scandinavia and russia has huge amounts of uninhabitated areas . 
  when i hear other europeans say that everythings is so close in europe i find it kind of funny . 
  i grew up in northern norway where you 'd have to drive for several hours to get to a somewhat large city . 
  sadly scandinavia and russia is often ignored when people talk about europe which makes it seem smaller than it is . 
  that being said central europe is pretty large , but it may seem smaller because of fast transit like motorways , railways and planes . 
  that 's a pretty good salary . 
  looking at statistics electricians earn on average between $ 30-35 an hour here in norway . 
  it 's missing the nordics . 
  otherwise the size seem fine to me . 
  europe is usually milder in the winters , but colder in the summers . 
  both norwegian airlines and sas have their own credit cards which you can use to rack up frequent flyer points . 
  it 's not limited to the u.s. 
  most americans have insurance through their employer or pay less a month in insurance than you would in tax in europe . 
  usually the telecom company orders a credit check from a third party when someone orders a mobile plan . 
  you get a notice from the company that performed it where your score is listed and the risk is calculated .
