  it appears from the business , not the rich guy . 
  those are two seperate things . 
  so what happens in december then ? 
  do you get two full salaries at the same time ? 
  how will it bring the poor up ? 
  it 's not exactly like those taxes go to the poor . 
  rather it ends up being wasted in the public bureaucracy instead of being used to develop the business . 
  i agree , still people bring it up now and again . 
  impressed by bucharest , prague and bratislava . 
  slowly but surely getting there !, 
  iron mining . 
  that 's a little higher than here . 
  here it 's between 3050-3600 before tax . 
  leaves you with anything between 2440-2850 after tax on a normal month ( december is half tax and june is tax free ) . 
  the figures will of course vary depending on overtime etc , but it 's pretty accurate estimate . 
  but it 's a tiny part of switzerlands success . 
  so it 's not `` far more relevant '' . 
  that 's pretty much the case anywhere though . 
  what wage can you expect working at a grocery store for example ? 
   and a friend that lives near the border says a lot of swiss people come here for buying basic things like groceries , but they are probably not the ones with good jobs . 
  if you can get it cheaper a short drive away it 's pretty logical to do it even though you have no problem affording local groceries . 
  people who live on the border to sweden do it all the time over here . 
  that 's pretty insane . 
  the average wage here in norway is 5240 chf before tax and people say we are paid well . 
  switzerland is in another league . 
  swiss wages are the highest in europe so i think it does n't really matter . 
  ah yes , the banking sector that contributes a whole 6 % of gdp ? 
  having low taxes is n't a bad thing . 
  it should be up to them to make the compromise of how many public services they want . 
  they also have a good manufacturing sector which contributes 25,7 % of gdp . 
  are you sure you are not confusing switzerland with sweden ? 
  people here in norway complain about taxes , but we are basically a tax haven compared to many countries here . 
  belgium and denmark have insane taxes . 
  it 's 0,85 % on wealth over $ 160 000 now as it has been lowered . 
  there is talks on removing it , but i doubt it will happen . 
   so that stops dynasties from forming not really . 
  we have plenty of family dynasties here . 
   they 've found that they do n't need an estate tax . 
  we do n't really need any of those taxes as the state budget has a surplus . 
  it 's mostly to keep the lefties shut . 
  now we have a conservative government which is the reason why taxes are abolished or lowered . 
  in what way ? 
   you ca n't bring the poor up without redistribution of some kind . 
  this is simply because to create wealth you need spending , and you ca n't spend without distributing wealth to the poor . 
  there is n't a finite amount of wealth . 
  one way to make the poor richer is to give them higher wages . 
  that does n't make the rich poorer yet improves the situation for the poor . 
   life in general has improved over the centuries because of the countries overall wealth , if you want a comparative increase in a mans situation you need a larger % of that wealth going to the poor . 
  but wealth is so many different things . 
  if i own a house i have wealth , yet i ca n't use that house to buy goods . 
  the rich usually have their wealth tied to assets like real estate and stocks . 
  what happens if you tax wealth is that those people need to sell assets . 
  who do you think buys those stocks ? 
  no , it 's not the poor man who take over that asset . 
  rather it 's other rich people and not to mention foreign investors who are not subject to the tax . 
  you 're right . 
  20 000 is still money that could have been used to improve the business instead of entering the state bureaucracy . 
  stop treating wealth as it 's a limited thing . 
  instead of bringing the rich down , why not bring the poor up ? 
  the poor man 's situation does n't improve with the rich being poorer . 
  it 's all ideology . 
  the only true democracy in the world ? 
  is ideology really more important than having family businesses running ? 
   is a company that is worth 2 million really a small family business that ca n't take it ? 
  does n't take much to get your company worth 2 million . 
  your average supermarket can be worth that much , but they often struggle to break even . 
  having to pay 400 000 is n't exactly easy in that situation . 
  i think switzerland will do just fine . 
  in what way do the rich in botswana live better than the rich in america ? 
  maybe materialistic , even though i doubt it . 
  but you have not access to a whole lot of things . 
  can any city in botswana even get close to chicago , new york and los angeles ? 
  i would imagine london traffic is pretty bad . 
  it 's also expensive to run a car . 
  an important notice is that the poorest in america is much better off than most of the world . 
  including those that would be considered rich in botswana or south africa . 
  both parties being able to trade with eachother is giving eachother things in return . 
  switzerland is the eu 's 4th largest trading partner . 
  in addition switzerland is importing more eu goods than it exports . 
  in other words the deal is in eu 's favour . 
  that sucks . 
  even though it 's not as bad over here , you still notice how the tax system favours married couples with kids . 
  what about a standard deductions ? 
  here the first 16 500 $ are basically tax free . 
  you can also deduct interest payments . 
  so if you are alone with having a mortage where you pay 1 200 $ a month you end up with a much lower tax rate . 
  basically on an average income of 60 000 $ a year , only 27 300 $ are subject to tax . 
  the tax on that 27 300 $ is 12 200 $ . 
  marginal rates in norway is 47,8 % but on an average income you pay 25 % effective tax rate . 
  what 's the effective tax rate in spain ? 
  i assume you have deductions ? 
  or the netherlands is just as big of a tax hell as denmark is . 
  you could do that before the eu aswell, 
  marginal rates yes . 
  for example in norway people earning over 240 000 $ a year paid on average 36,9 % tax . 
  so if you end up paying 55 % tax i find it hard to sympathize . 
  because you need to attract the best people . 
  that 's only really the case in denmark . 
  care to give any examples of what 's different about the u.k ? 
  a whole 6 % ...
