  would imagine that has something to do with it . 
  because unions in the nordics are way more sane and pragmatic than everywhere else . 
  so they associate unions with the ones from their country . 
  denmark has everything you mentioned except less unions . 
  that 's why they are successful . 
  the euro is a horrible currency and the eu is undemocratic . 
  nothing new here . 
  i am a fan of european cooperation , but the eu in its current form is not the way to go . 
  the last weeks have only confirmed my views on the union . 
  the investment is tiny compared to the income potential . 
  i would imagine when establishing in a new country that renting factories and distribution is prefered . 
  which pretty much means that it 's easy to pull out of a market . 
  when it comes to franchaising it 's pretty much the taker who takes the losses while the holding company takes the profits . 
  of course the food is usually made in the country where the food is sold , simply because it 's way cheaper than having to ship it from the u.s or other european countries for that matter . 
  within the eu , yes . 
  most u.s fast food joints are franchaises which means that the holding company does n't really invest in new markets . 
  rather it 's a franchaise owner in europe that takes the risk and investment . 
  the lack of european joints may be because franchaising is n't so popular here . 
  but maybe more importantly , they suck at marketing . 
  in other words sweden is the only one that has common sense . 
  i do n't see your point . 
  u.s fast food chains have to follow the regulations in the country they do business in . 
  we have the same jokes , but about swedes , 
  exports are not even half the norwegian economy . 
  pretty much 80 % of our revenue is non oil related . 
  you also act like the oil industry is gon na be gone over night . 
  it will gradually fade out , but during a long timespan . 
  some fields , especially in the arctic have just entered operation . 
  norway will never end up like greece . 
  we have enough money saved up to run the state for 7 years . 
  that is without other revenues which is n't even realistic . 
  we can pay off greece 's debt and still be a creditor country . 
  the norwegian economy is dynamic and innovative . 
  because of a weaker currency , investments in mainland industries are booming . 
  norway will do just fine . 
  the west is richer than ever despite a lot of manufacturing has moved to china . 
  comperative advantage means that we outsource jobs that can be done more efficiently other places while focusing more on industries that we are good at . 
  in norway 's case we outsource consumer goods while focusing on industries we 're good at , like shipping , ship building , aquaculture , aluminium etc. 
  [ here ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/norway/gdp-growth-annual ) . 
  we have other industries than oil you know ? 
  norway was pretty wealthy before we found oil and i do n't see how that will not be the case when it gradually fades out . 
  oil is only around 20-25 % of our economy . 
  still our economy is growing ... 
  they are usually owned by municipalities here in norway . 
  the few government owned companies in norway do pretty well . 
  i guess a lot of it has to do with them only having the state as a shareholder , while professionals actually run the company . 
  in addition they work for profit as they have to compete with private companies . 
   they don \u00b4 t become more competitive , it \u00b4 s an artificiality . 
  with a devalued currency you probably export more , but the side kicks are : you get high inflation ... so everything gets devalued , even your savings ... sure you get a lot more jobs , but this are short term jobs , they will became outdated fast ... you \u00b4 re competing on low salaries ... this is no future . 
  the norwegian krone has lost 30 % of it 's value against the dollar the last year . 
  this makes norwegian labour 30 % cheaper than it was , yet it has not caused any of the effects you described . 
  if you have your own currency you can basically have 30 % `` lower '' wages and costs while having the same standard of living as before . 
  because greece is stuck in the euro they ca n't do this . 
  instead they have to actually cut their wages by the percentage that 's needed . 
  that 's a major flaw with the euro as a currency . 
  every country relies on debt for day to day operations . 
  it 's used to keep a currency reserve to cover expenses if there is a tax income shortfall . 
  in addition it allows companies and governments to have a safe place to put their money . 
  for example does norway not really need debts , but we still have them just for this reason . 
  there are people in africa that survives on less than lithuanians , therefore your concerns are invalid . 
  do n't know if they failed or the bailout programme had any chance of working in the first place . 
   the saving of those banks also saved the greek banks and their government . 
  in the short term yes . 
  in the long term it fucked things up badly . 
  it 's on the expense of other eu countries as what they are effectively doing is mercantilism . 
  if they still had the dm it would have been much stronger , which would basically force them to import more . 
  that would do much good for the rest of the eu countries . 
  you did n't have to do it . 
  but appearantly saving french and german banks were more important . 
  germany just want a devalued dm . 
  wierd how they are risking the whole union in that regard . 
  as a norwegian it 's basically been : `` i 've told you so '' ever since the crisis started . 
  being outside is almost amusing , but at the same time sad to see how much people are suffering ... 
  it 's partly true though as eu members ca n't sign their own trade agreements . 
  that 's why norway has more free trade agreements than the eu . 
  is n't the eu countries pretty much forced to adopt the euro after a while ? 
  basically the greeks are the reason why they got in to this mess in the first place . 
  but it 's the eurozone that is the reason why they ca n't get out of it . 
  the eu is democratic they said ... 
  bur luckily the eu tax payers stopped that from happening ... 
  which is logical considering previous greek governments are to blame for the crisis , but the troika and euro are the reason they do n't ca n't get out of it . 
  if only it were that simple . . 
  it will not increase gdp . 
  what happens is that money that would be used on other things now is being used for emergency services etc. 
  not to mention if many people died from the accidents then you loose a lot of workers that contributed to the economy . 
  no one is forcing you to take up debt . 
  if you do however and buy a house you have more wealth than debt . 
  pretty obvious that those two go hand in hand . 
  not nearly as large as now . 
  they would import more from other countries . 
  mercantilism , like germany is doing , causes huge trade deficits in other countries . 
  germany thrives with a weak euro . 
  it 's individuals who are taxed hardest in sweden and scandinavia for that matter . 
  businesses have pretty low taxes . 
  latvia relies much more on exports compared to greece ( 60 % of gdp vs 30 % for greece . 
  austerity will therefore reduce costs making exports more competitive . 
  in other words why austerity worked in germany and ireland among others . 
  now it 's recovered so not really comparable . 
  greece can only dream of having the ability to devalute and use fiscal stimulus to kickstart the economy . 
  germany will not be happy .
