   why ca n't all that wealth reach the ( mostly roma ) beggars and provide them with shelter and education ? 
  or is the wealth strictly reserved for white people ? 
  because they are not citizens . 
  they arrive here on tourist visas that specifically says that they need to have enough money to sustain themselves . 
  if they are citizens they would get all the benefits that every norwegian enjoy . 
  if you 're white or not does n't matter . 
  what matters are if you are a citizen or not . 
   the trouble is , the higher wages do n't come extra productivity , but from selling oil . 
  seeing that gdp/capita is actually double than denmark , and four times that of south korea , i ca n't imagine one actually believing that norwegians are twice more productive . 
  not all of it is due to oil . 
  [ if you look at mainland productivity we are still very high up ] ( http://www.regjeringen.no/pages/38323273/hfig/fig2-9.jpg ) . 
  if you look at switzerland you will see that they have a lower productivity than for example the u.s , yet they earn much more . 
  productivity is n't everything . 
   speaking of south korea , comparing it 's export map with norway , makes the latter more similar to a bannana republic . 
  compared to countries like qatar we have a very diversified economy . 
  except for statoil we have large companies like telenor , yara international , norsk hydro , kongsberg etc which are all non-oil related . 
  not to mention the over 2000 shipping companies in oslo alone . 
  if you take away oil and gas exports we run a very small trade deficit . 
  mainland industry is still growing and if we were not exporting oil there is no reason why we should n't have a trade surplus . 
  when oil runs out we will have no problem establishing industry . 
  when you are as productive as we are , you can afford to pay higher wages . 
  norway is actually pretty competitive as well with a ranking of 11 on the global competitiveness report . 
  higher than canada , denmark , south korea and ireland to mention a few . 
   pisa testing should not be the # 1 indicator about the quality of education . 
  for some reason a lot of people are ignoring a hundred years of pedagogy research in favour of a very particular set of tests . 
  it does n't give the whole picture , but it can be used as an indicator . 
  the norwegian school system is extremely free compared to most countries . 
  while this is preferable to the extremes of asian countries , a little more disipline would n't hurt . 
  switzerland is a good example . 
  also it 's far from only the education it self that matters . 
  things like the quality of books and buildings are also important . 
  needless to say rotten schools are not an uncommon sight . 
  somethings that is a shame really . 
   our universities might not be highly rated , but we are a nation of 5 million , and i believe universitetet i oslo is highly enough rated for that . 
  they 're also all completely free , which i would take in a heartbeat over a few top ranked universities that cost fortunes to get into . 
  it depends . 
  schools like harvard and mit are free for students that have parents with lower incomes . 
  while we are a small country , we have huge resources and should have no problem attracting talent . 
  too bad highly skilled jobs are not paid as good in norway compared to other countries like the u.k and u.s.  i also do n't agree that most public services are `` quite mediocre '' . 
  atleast on a western scale they are . 
  neither healthcare , education , public effeciency and public transport is something we excel at . 
  not to mention a horrible bureaucracy . 
  our infrastructure including roads and rail are absolutely horrible . 
  we have more people working in the public roads administration compared to sweden , yet they build eight times more motorway than we do !, 
   in norway for example , you say `` many employers ; '' are these employers in high paying industries , or would some random office worker at a boring mid-size company have private insurance offered ? 
  i do n't know for certain , but i assume this is mostly found in higher paying jobs in the private sector . 
  this includes finance , petroleum and high-tech industries . 
   as far as government employees , i take it that they are not offered private plans . 
  not as i know of . 
  there has been some controversy about employee union leaders that have gotten private plans . 
  the most ironic thing about this is that these people usually support public options instead of private ones . 
   what percentage of norwegians use private health insurance ? 
  i do n't know the exact percentage but we are talking about around 380 000 - 400 000 people . 
  [ you can read an article about it here . 
  ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=no&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=no&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.vg.no%2fnyheter%2finnenriks%2fhelse%2f380-000-nordmenn-har-privat-helseforsikring%2fa%2f10129078%2f&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url )  but living in the us , i 've met brits and canadians who hate their systems , seems rather strange to me . 
  one british woman told me `` the nhs ? 
  good lord , no one uses that . '', 
  she was the wife of an investment banker , so i suppose there is a class element . 
  i do n't think it 's a class element . 
  it 's rather that the public healthcare system is often ineffective and has lots of queues . 
  many employers pay for private healthcare for their employees both as a way to attract good people and to get them to work faster if they become sick . 
  there is a lot to be improved in the public healthcare system in norway . 
  for example have i experienced having to wait over a month for a doctors appointment . 
  if you have to go to hospital you have to wait another month or two . 
  this is of course only if your illness is not urgent , but it is still really annoying . 
   the people who pay for private health insurance still pay the same amount of tax . 
  what i meant was that they use private insurance instead of the public one . 
   i was a bit surprised by norway 's lackluster performance though . 
  most public services in norway is quite mediocre . 
  because of this there has been a large increase in people who buy private health insurance instead . 
  the same can be said about schools where we are pretty average on the pisa tests and the universities are not highly rated . 
  the biggest mistake is to let politicians with an agenda decide who gets it . 
  nobel peace prize . 
  do i need to say more ? 
  honestly though . 
  atleast oslo has 20c + and sun almost every day from the middle of may to september . 
  the rest of the country however ... 
   that we find ways to supply the same opportunities to all sizes of entrepreneurs ( eg . 
  access to capital and networks ) . 
  in addition that we reduce the transfers from startups to the establishment ( eg . 
  in the form of interest : - . 
  it varies a lot from country to country how easy it is to start up a business . 
  access to venture capital is actually very good in the u.s. 
  in norway where i live this is n't the case as investors does n't take as much risk . 
   if we have a business and you get 1 % of the profit and i get 99 % , we can still say that everyone benefits from our profit , but obviously the distribution is n't what it should be . 
  the thing is that it is hard to distribute it without being unfair . 
  you have to either seize parts of those profits or tax them harder . 
  taxing does n't really do much either since it just means a higher cost for the consumer . 
  seizing private assets is also not something that 's acceptable . 
   the bigger the company , the lower the taxes paid among other things because of their bargaining position . 
  they 're also quicker to leave in comparison with smaller companies . 
  it varies a lot from company to company though . 
  corporate tax in it self is not really that effective . 
  first of all it does n't really add much tax revenue and also as i mentioned above it only causes higher prices for the consumer . 
   it 's too hard to get noticed in comparison with those born with the contacts . 
  everyone should be held to the same standards of success to get these contacts . 
  but that is n't a realistic option . 
  contacts will always matter . 
   that 's really not going to help you reach the top . 
  get a common job , at most , and not even that most of the time .
