  they 're absolutely everywhere here in norway !, 
  you 're right they 're not . 
  but they 're still quite significant . 
  that will never happen . 
  just look at how different the wages in the u.s depending on lacation . 
  heck , even between east and west germany . 
  you ca n't increase wages to german levels when the money simply is n't there . 
  is that the case for finland as well ? 
  one of the basic princibles of the eu is free movement of goods and services . 
  it 's all there on the eu websites . 
  but i guess it 's a lot of work to search for information there instead of the guardian and left-wing blogs . 
  sounds easier said than done . 
  one could argue the other way though that market regulations and protectionism reduces prosperity , which is pretty much what is thought in most schools . 
  if you read the theory of [ comparative advantage ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparative_advantage ) there is pretty much a consensus among economists that it 's the most accurate portrayal of worldwide trade . 
  i hate the notion that growth only benefits the rich , it 's stupid and does n't look at the whole picture . 
  so what do you propose we do ? 
  can we quit the strawmans please ? 
  i just think that what an individual buys it 's up to them . 
  if it 's a bad purchase then too bad , it happens to everyone . 
  it 's not the end of the world . 
  the wonderful thing about free markets is that you can choose what and where you buy your goods . 
  yes and ? 
  that remains to be seen . 
  to be honest i highly doubt a manufacturer could add a lot of chemicals and other stuff without the media absolutely destroying them . 
  the trend both in europe and the u.s is more local and fresher food , often organic . 
  i highly doubt both eu and us consumer wants industrial crap if they have access to higher quality goods . 
  if people want to buy shit products from a shit company why should we help them ? 
  it 's their own business . 
  that 's strictly those consumers fault . 
  no sympathy . 
  because people buy their shit . 
  simple as that . 
  also despite what people make you believe , [ the ceo 's biggest fear is damage to the reputation of their company ] ( http://www.aon.com/unitedkingdom/attachments/press-releases/pr-grms-global-release.pdf ) . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  i just find it interesting that the same people who are against ttip are usually pro-eu . 
  which is interesting in the sense that they do n't trust the eu in this negotiation . 
  okey , so basically you want the eu to become switzerland ? 
  i just do n't see how this will happen anyways though . 
  i bet that supermarkets will be filled to the brim with european products regardless of this deal . 
  think about all the other products that will become cheaper and better if this deal passes . 
  so basically it 's a concept , but there are no good examples of this happening ? 
  if the eu is as democratic as the eu-supporters want us to believe the draft will be subject to a public hearing before it gets adopted . 
  but can i ask again . 
  should the other trade agreements the eu is negotiating be subject to a referendom as well ? 
  i would say you underestimate the consumer . 
  there was recently some fuzz about antibiotic-resistent bacteria in norwegian chicken . 
  the result was that sales of chicken declined 20 % . 
  this of course made the producers improve their routines . 
  there are plenty of examples of this happening and it is indeed basic economics . 
  why do you think companies go bankrupt ? 
  time to shut down the eu i guess . 
  what you just described is pretty much one of the first things you learn at a basic economics or international business course . 
  seems like a lot of reddit is very uneducated on the matter . 
  do you have sources for this phenomenon ? 
  feel free , 
  it should be the goal as it leads to more prosperity for those involved . 
  pretty elementary stuff . 
   why is all done in secret then ? 
  because that is how trade agreements are negotiated . 
  if the negotiations would be out in the open it would make things much harder . 
  there is a reason why this is the case for every free trade agreement out there . 
  why did n't you lot cry about the free trade negotiations between the eu and canada , asean , gulf countries and india aswell ? 
  they have far worse standards than the u.s. 
  it 's normal for laws to be through a public hearing before they get adopted . 
  you will when it 's finished . 
  [ not quite as bad . 
  norway is more than open for swedes . 
  luckily our politicians have n't become full sweden yet , and i hope it will remain that way . 
  you would get a worse deal . 
  denmark has the same mass produced crap as anywhere else . 
  interesting to hear your perspective . 
  it 's almost sad how little attention this gets outside of iceland . 
  wish us norwegians would be able to do more to help you get back on track . 
  good luck with that . 
  there is actually a good reason why negotiations happen behind closed doors . 
  you hit the nail on the head . 
  the vast majority of opposition against this agreement is in many cases just linked to anti-americanism . 
  the eu already has free trade agreements with countries like mexico , south africa and chile which have worse standards than both the u.s and eu . 
  but this is for some reason not a problem . 
  i would argue that a company like airbus has done plenty of good work for the european people , and the world for that matter . 
  i would like you to give one example of a trade agreement that has been negotiated publicly . 
  pretty true . 
  europeans have no problem buying lots of goods when vacationing in the u.s because of the low prices . 
  but the exact same products are appearantly dangerous once they enter the eu . 
  do n't think the two countries are comparable . 
  having actually talked to icelanders it seems like they agree more with the article i posted . 
  they basically say that the country is going straight down the shitter and that they would rather stay in norway . 
  [ what actually happened in iceland ] ( http://studiotendra.com/2012/12/29/what-is-actually-going-on-in-iceland/ ) . 
  nothing says democratic than letting a handful of bureaucrats in brussels make the laws instead of your local government . 
  because they know what 's best for people right ? 
  does n't matter if you live in southern spain or northern finland , the same framework works for everyone !, 
  nah , i 'm glad we stayed out of it and mainly keep the trade going . 
  you 're correct . 
  free trade is good . 
  overriding laws in sovereign states is not . 
  you 're right . 
  greece should n't have entered the euro in the first place . 
  now it 's too late and there is not much you can do instead of continue to suffer . 
  that 's luxembourg, 
  it would also open doors for european companies to sue the u.s government .
