  not price controls , but government subsidies . 
  in norway this works pretty good and allows us to have farms all over the country , not only in the most fertile areas . 
  good for food security . 
  we have been roughly on the western european average since the industrial revolution took place . 
  norway was and still is a major shipping nation which made us pretty rich . 
  yes oil made us richer than we would have been without it , but we would still be one of the richest countries in europe . 
  you do n't have to limit supply , but prices could be higher so that farmers do n't run out of business . 
  when do you define modern times ? 
  it could be a bad thing for food security in the long run . 
  another factor is that the quality of milk produced in factory farms is n't as good . 
  i just see more bureaucracy . 
  what makes you sure that the extra tax revenue will benefit the poorest and working class ? 
  could it be that you have a high amount of debt ? 
  i would n't say scandinavia is extremely leftist compared to the u.s. running a business in scandinavia is easier and you are subject to lower taxes than in the u.s. wages are also negotiated between employers and employees instead of the state ( minimum wage ) . 
  the governments of scandinavia is also pro-capitalism . 
  you could say that the actual major difference between the u.s and scandinavia is that tax revenue gets used to fund public welfare programs ( which are often run by private businesses ) instead of a large military . 
  i meant that a higher tax on corporation is not going change things for the better for the working class either . 
  us norwegians very much want the brits in the eea as it would increase our bargaining power . 
  norway and the uk have fairly similar views on most issues . 
  how is a country going to develop if everyone just leaves ? 
  20 % devaluation is n't too bad . 
  the nok lost 50 % of its value towards the usd in half a year . 
  did n't notice much difference to be honest . 
  i do n't see how a reduction in corporation tax will change any of that . 
  iceland , greenland and norway have control over their fishing policies though . 
  norwegian fishing stocks are very well managed . 
  more so than the eu ones , which is a major reason why we are out . 
  follow the norwegian quotas that are very sustainable as opposed to the eu ones . 
  i trust scotland more than brussels to control their fishing stocks . 
  it ' a not really complicated . 
  you want a steady currency that works good for you or a currency that will leave you totally helpless if there is financial turbulence ? 
  indeed . 
  here in norway the opposition is attacking the government because the unemployment rate reached 4,5 % . 
  puts things in perspective . 
  for the youth it 's even worse . 
  the euro does hurt economies as long as there is no fiscal transfers ... 
  the nok lost 50 % of its value towards the eur and usd with little to no negative effects on people living here . 
  i would rather not slash wages by the same percentage like the finns have to do . 
  that 's why internal devaluation hurts much more . 
  you could join nato . 
  most norwegians are very happy with immigrants as long as they work . 
  however one starts to wonder why the stores are full of foreign workers while the same stores gets thousands of job applications and norwegian youth struggle to get summer jobs . 
  is it really necessary to import workers when norwegians are lining up to get a job ? 
  that 's my biggest concern with worker immigration . 
  the uk joining the eea is actually seen as a great opportunity for norway to get a better deal with the eu . 
  probably the truth though . 
  in norway loads of top politicians have n't worked a real job in their entire life . 
  it 's a pretty bad thing in my opinion as you lose touch with the problems of regular working people . 
  the eu has already made an example of greece of what happens if you join the eurozone . 
  for norway the biggest reason is that we would lose control over our fishing and agriculture policies . 
  i would also imagine that we would be by far the largest net contributor . 
  being able to ignore regulations that are not relevant to the eea agreement and not having to participate in the cfp and cap . 
  you 're right . 
  still nowhere near as much as member states . 
  denmark is probably the closest comparison in regards to population and gdp ( even though it 's much lower ) . 
  they paid 2,5 billion in 2014 . 
  or more than twice as much as we do . 
  over a period of 6-7 years ... 
  you do n't trust scotland to manage its fishing stocks ? 
  we have all those industries and probably the best managed fishing stock in the world . 
  it 's possible if you believe . 
  we pay much less than 90 % of the costs and is exempt from most regulations . 
  when they get rid of the cfp , cap and euro . 
  then maybe . 
  then you should gain a lot from not being part of the cfp . 
  for most people it does n't matter . 
  the nok went from 7,5 per eur to 9,5 per eur the last couple of years . 
  it honestly did n't affect me in any way . 
  the pound still seems solid to me . 
  happy i also see this as a good opportunity to get a more favorable deal with the eu with the uk on our team . 
   it benefits me if they get smacked down hard in negotiations so people in the netherlands who want to leave europe will see that leaving europe will come with heavy repercussions . 
  i think it would be pretty counterproductive in this regard . 
  it would just increase the sentiment among many that the eu is undemocratic and does not respect the sovereignity of countries . 
  a fair and mature negotiation and eventual deal is the best solution for both parties . 
  i assume the eu knows basic diplomacy so i 'm not worried in this regard . 
  i doubt trade legislation is what most people are opposed to . 
  merkel wanting to distribute refugees is another thing , and here i am very happy that we are in the eea instead . 
  eu and the ez is two different things . 
  some countries benefits from the euro like germany who gets an artificially weak currency compared to what a d-mark would have been . 
  other countries does not benefit . 
  like the south and finland who has a currency that 's too strong . 
  the major drawback of the euro as it stands is that one country can do good while another bad but they both share the same currency . 
  it simply does n't adapt to the economic reality of the member countries . 
  unless eurobonds and fiscal transfers gets implemented it will remain a bad currency . 
  let 's totally ignore having to get rid of monetary sovereignity . 
  germany doing well ? 
  sorry , your currency is rallying even though your economy is lagging behind . 
  on the other hand people are less inclined to buy scottish products . 
  with oil down the shitter it 's bad to have a strong currency for scotland . 
  according to germans on here they should have a field day . 
  brexit will have an effect on the whole union . 
  to believe otherwise is naive . 
  if everyone decides to vacation in the u.k there will be no recession . 
  dat influx of foreign money . 
  i was also using the us as an example . 
  it says so in op 's article . 
  it is connected . 
  if the central bank is free to use their tools then the economy can recover faster . 
  in the us there was a swift recovery since the central bank started with qe and low interest rates from the very beginning . 
  a country should of course reform , but this does n't have to mean making your population unemployed .
