  the good thing is that we know you danes have it worse than us norwegians when it comes to car taxes , despite ours also being pretty high !, 
  london is way more expensive than oslo when it comes to housing though . 
  is n't this more of a rural/urban devide ? 
  the turks i talked to do n't like him at all , but they say those who live on the countryside do . 
  the bear does n't leave toilet paper in nature however . 
  it 's the same in parts of northern norway where tourists are trashing the place and literally shitting in the woods without cleaning up . 
  we have the same in norway . 
  vat for food is 15 % and the standard vat rate is 25 % . 
  so if you order take-away it gets taxed with 15 % , but if you eat at the restaurant the rate is 25 % . 
  the logic behind it is that when you eat at a restaurant you are paying for a service and not the food itself . 
  oh yes about the high paying positions in organizations . 
  it 's pretty much tradition nowadays for former pm 's to get high paying jobs abroad after their term . 
  also preaching the importance of paying taxes while earning thousands of euros/dollars tax free . 
  the hypocrisy is ridiculous . 
  yes it is pretty bad that connections goes before qualifications . 
  but i guess it is pretty unavoidable in small societies like the nordics . 
  there is certainly more corruption going on than what many believe . 
  bribing people with money is pretty strict here however and our previous government had to let one of their ministers go because he had given money to his own party . 
  much thanks to the media that figured it out . 
  it really is . 
  however it is so common that no one gets punished for it . 
  maybe because it also happens in the central government . 
  it 's pretty normal that politicians put friends and party members in leading positions in state owned companies and agencies . 
  for example was the director of our public broadcaster a member of the labour party until he got the position . 
   i know a lot of places in the uk legally have to advertise roles externally in norway it is required for the public sector . 
  however in smaller municipalities the one who knows the person responsible for hiring will get the job anyways . 
  you do n't really get a good idea of how much people actually earn on these lists though . 
  the figures are after deductions so the real salary is higher and can vary depending on what deductions you are eligible for . 
  gdansk is a great city . 
  would also highly recommend . 
   but norway !, 
  do they ever offend anyone ? 
  ( bickering between their scandinavian brothers does n't count ) yes , by giving the peace prize to liu xiaobo we lost some market access to china and a general bad relationship . 
  also the whole mohammed drawings that got published . 
  but then again all of these things are seperate from the government . 
  i actually really liked warsaw . 
  of course if you are only going to visit one city in poland then krakow or wroclaw would be my choice . 
  but i do n't really get all of the hate on warsaw . 
  yes always when i come back to norway after having been abroad i am pretty staggered by the wealth . 
  for example cars . 
  expensive suv 's everywhere . 
  we got it good . 
  implying scandinavia is socialist . 
  680 million people use eur ? 
  are we totally ignoring eastern and northern europe that has own currencies here ? 
  how is it hard to imagine in a restaurant with a decent amount of guests ? 
  i can assure you that the waiter probably earn loads more than the person actually making the food . 
  yes the minimum wage in the u.s should be higher , but if there is any occupation that is not exactly struggling , it 's waiters . 
  the americans i have talked with who has worked as waiters also said this . 
  you easily make $ 20 + / hr with tips . 
  or double the french minimum wage which i assume waiters make . 
  same in norway . 
  usually you write in the final amount yourself so if you want to add tips you are free to do it . 
  well a tv or t-shirt costs the same in norway and finland yet the wages are higher in norway . 
  the same items cost the same in poland too despite being significantly poorer . 
  for domestic services the prices are higher , however still not high enough to reduce purchasing power to the same level . 
  yes because what would they do when the season is over ? 
  just sit on their asses and still cellect a salary ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  i have no problem with seasonal work and it is actually quite a good deal for students to make some extra money on their holidays . 
  implying fuel taxes means better infrastructure . 
  see norway ... 
  well i have a hard time believing that since the places around the mediterranean and the black sea gets very muggy , especially during summer . 
  it really does n't get `` hot '' until it starts approaching 30 degrees . 
  22 degrees is just room temperature which is comfy . 
  if you are sitting in the sun with no wind however even 22 can feel very hot . 
  so you expect a business to keep you employed even if there is no need for your work or if the company is losing money ? 
  business are supposed to make money , not be a charity to keep people employed . 
  we already have the public sector for that . 
  well you can have flexible labour laws and good pay/working conditions like we have in scandinavia . 
  i can smell an old people nursing simulator coming right up on german shelves !, 
  but work work, 
  yes also in the south . 
  i do n't know if the difference is so large to be honest . 
  atleast i have n't noticed any . 
  however i have never lived in a house made out of brick so i do n't really have any comparison !, 
   is there any country that does n't use bricks in europe ? 
  norway , sweden and finland use wood . 
  the same building will also keep cool if you stop heat from entering like op said . 
  and nice, 
  not much terrorism in warsaw and prague to be honest . 
  30 degrees yesterday in silesia . 
  i love it . 
  i would say oslo is more expensive to live in because of the housing costs are higher . 
  but for stuff in general it is similar to other places . 
  i might say that you can actually get some stuff slightly cheaper ( especially groceries ) because of immigrant shops that you ca n't find elsewhere in the country . 
   and now the trade unions have suggested a law that whenever holidays fall on a sunday you automatically get monday off too , so nobody feels cheated . 
  we are a lazy bunch , it seems . 
  anyone that have tried doing business with austrian companies would agree . 
  impossible to get in touch with them after 2 pm , and on friday you are lucky if you get any contact at all . 
  or do like australia and return them where they come from ? 
  well western countries send boats to help the immigrants get across the sea , which is trafficking in it self . 
  well look at that . 
  kids in the u.k have it yet in norway we are told that it is too expensive . 
  higher inflation means you need to spend more money to keep the same purchasing power . 
  basically a result of a weaker pound . 
  to be fair i would rather take some petty crimes instead of getting run over by a truck or blown up watching a concert . 
  my opinion of eastern european immigrants are generally positive . 
  i guess they did n't expect to get showered with middle eastern immigrants when joining . 
  ca n't fault them .
