  his/her responsibility is also much larger . 
  now one could of course argue about how much compensation they should get , but in the end that is up to the market to decide . 
  too bad you are not free after high school either since you will then be forced into military service . 
  i prefer my own currency thanks . 
  take norway for example . 
  we would have been fucked if we had the same currency as germany or finland as they benefit from low energy prices while we do n't . 
  the question is if there is money available to pay those higher wages . 
  for the average consumer there is n't that much . 
  in the business market there probably is quite a bit more . 
  a lot of the planes in the sky is made in the u.s for example . 
  in scandinavia it 's usually because of the higher wages . 
  in norway you will earn a base salary of $ 18/hr as a waiter for example . 
  food items are usually taxed less . 
   we work way more than any european country . 
  that 's not true . 
  [ countries such as greece , poland and ireland all have more hours worked per year than the u.s ] ( https://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=anhrs ) . 
  does n't seem like americans borrow much more than belgians . 
  [ in fact they are lower than loads of european countries . 
  ] ( https://data.oecd.org/hha/household-debt.htm ), 
  who thought it would be a good idea not to insulate a house in the baltics ? 
  to a certain degree . 
  in poland the prices are generally about 1/3rd of what they are in norway for services and stuff like groceries . 
  however clothes and electronics are the same price . 
  not to mention the average wage in norway is more than 3 times higher than in poland . 
  is the violence a result of illegal immigration though ? 
  i 'll admit that i do n't know that much but my impression is the the majority of violence happens in poorer neighborhoods which often has a black majority . 
  those people are american citizens and i think that if you are an illegal immigrant from mexico you would be deported instantly if caught making a crime . 
  you should come to rural norway one day !, 
  or get a lithuanian to australia and see their large houses , good infrastructure and high wages . 
  but muh internet . 
  something like 25 $ in norway . 
  it 's kind of funny how he even brings up sweden considering all the problems the u.s has with gang violence and gun homicides . 
  it 's simply tragic and does n't fit his `` america first '' stance . 
  switzerland would agree !, 
  norwegian cities tend to be more spread out as we prefer large houses and muh suburbs . 
   the european states spend about 200 billion $ on defense budgets . 
  that 's already more than 3 times that of russia . 
  and how much does a german soldier get paid and what pension arrangement does he have compared to a russian soldier ? 
  for example is norway one of the highest spenders on military per capita . 
  yet the military is a joke and a huge part of the budget is tied up in personell costs . 
  i personally do n't have anything against it . 
  although it seems like it 's a popular thing to hate on here . 
  isds ? 
  [ you have countries in the eu using more antibiotics in beef than the u.s ] ( http://m.motherjones.com/files/antibiotics-chart-white.jpg ) . 
  probably better to fix the problems in your own agriculture before criticizing others . 
  i assume people will oppose these deals and riot in the streets as they did with ttip considering india and china have worse standards than the u.s. 
  lower unemployment rate means higher wage growth , something that is happening in the uk at the moment . 
  european militaries have been underfunded ever since the cold war ended . 
  china is practically buying europe at the moment so why not . 
  yes with their military that 's practically useless at this point . 
   you did n't explain how come that before the introduction of the minimum wage , the wages of non-unonized jobs were set according to what unions negotiated . 
  it sounds to me like you confused some things because it does n't make any sense . 
  it does make sense . 
  i have worked at a non unionized workplace in norway where we do n't have a government minimum wage . 
  yet my employer just put me on the same wage level as the union for my industry had set as that was the easiest for them . 
   and if there is no minimum wage and no union then there 's nothing that stops the employer from setting the wage as low as he possibly can . 
  wage levels are pretty openly discussed in norway so employers do n't get away with paying their employees bad wages . 
  there is also a limit where if the wage gets too bad the employers ca n't find anyone to actually perform the work . 
  i just speak from my experience working in norway where we do n't have a minimum wage . 
  my jobs were not unionized yet i made pretty good wage with extra pay for evenings and weekends . 
  the employer could theoretically pay me half of my wage , but the norm in the business was to just follow the union agreed wages . 
  if we had a minimum wage they would probably put me on the minimum wage instead . 
  if you were an employer , would you set the wage to the minimum wage or the higher union wage ? 
  i just see it as giving power to the government instead of the unions . 
  because the wages were set after the industry standard . 
  now there is no point of following it and they can give the lower minimum wage instead . 
  not all jobs are unionized . 
  because people end up getting paid the new minimum wage instead of the higher previous wage . 
  yes there are some and the government tries to locate som services to rural areas to keep settlements there . 
  there is also good jobs in the military , airports and coastal installations that are located in remote areas . 
  in general i think norway has been good at keeping economic activity all over the country . 
  especially the fishing and petroleum industry has lead to booming towns even in areas that used to be in decline . 
  there is still sentralization going on to the larger urban centres , but i guess that is impossible to change . 
  the incomes in norway are pretty well distributed around the country . 
  of course you have well paid skilled jobs in the cities , but blue collar jobs pay basically the same everywhere . 
  most people choose the city life for all the opportunities you get in regards to career , culture and services though and that could very well make up for the difference in purchasing power or the standard of housing . 
  you could combine the two though by living fairly close to a city and commuting , but that also involves having to deal with rush hour and clogged roads and public transport . 
  the latter in rural areas . 
  if you want a flat in downtown oslo however the monthly costs will make it difficult . 
  it all comes down to housing costs really . 
  iceland is not fucking around !, 
   also , minimum wage in germany was looong overdue !, 
  why ? 
  if it is anything like scandinavia or switzerland a minimum wage would actually be a bad thing as people get paid above the rate anyways because of union negotiations . 
  do people really say hello on the streets in finland though ? 
  the minimum wage for an 18 year old working in retail in norway is 2800 eur a month . 
  step your game up luxembourg !, 
  do n't mind me . 
  just paying a polish plumber under the table because the local plumbing business is too expensive . 
  do n't tell the state please . 
  in norway the cap and the cfp is the reason why people do n't want to join the eu . 
  why would british farmers be fucked over if they were to leave ? 
  for fishermen it would actually be a pretty good thing as they would get sovereignity over their waters . 
  i guess that varies a lot between european countries . 
  in my experience the u.s is more unpopular in countries such as germany and austria while pretty popular in ireland , uk and eastern europe . 
  in scandinavia it 's a little in between . 
  people do n't like some of the politics , but they do n't dislike the country itself . 
  the u.s does n't have the same need to export or import as they have so much resources themselves . 
  smaller countries need to trade to stay wealthy . 
  define living well ?
