  living on welfare will in pretty much any country leave you with less money than working . 
  in addition to that you have the social aspect . 
  if you live on welfare you get a lower self worth and a feeling that you are not contributing . 
  in addition it will also make it harder to find a job , especially if you have been living on welfare for a significant amount of time . 
  people i know that live or has been living on welfare says that while it sounds great to just get money from the state for doing nothing , it really wears you down in the long run because you do n't feel like you do anything productive . 
  living on welfare is even more damaging . 
  i 've seen it first hand . 
  how is being on welfare preferable to employment ? 
  i do n't see how you can claim that we are running out of jobs when unemployment is on the decline . 
  as far as i see it there is just a difference in demand between sectors . 
  for example is nursing or trades guaranteed to get you a job instantly in norway . 
  the goal should be to offer proper education for those sectors that are increasing employment . 
  pretty sure the eu would stop that pretty quick . 
  do n't hold back , gives us a good dressing down at how much better your upbringing is , how much harder working you are , and maybe a few euphemisms about having `` the right heritage '' . 
  that 's not what i am saying . 
  it 's just that i disagree with the notion of welfare being preferable to employment . 
  you 're from romania and i am very surprised that this is how you see things . 
  especially considering how fast romania has been growing and how willing you are to move to find employment . 
   ahh , the just world fallacy . 
  you 're a conservative . 
  i do vote conservative . 
  however that does n't mean i am opposed to welfare per se . 
  the difference is that i do believe it is a last resort and should only be given to those in need . 
  if you have the opportunity and health to work i believe you should . 
  as i mention earlier there is more to work than just income . 
  for many people it 's the only social contact they get . 
   that is an unnecessary comment . 
  it 's not really . 
  culture is important and there is a difference between regions . 
  the u.s and northern europe was build with the thought of protestant work ethic . 
  productivity is in general higher in the north . 
   i too believe in the importance of work . 
  of meaningful work , of owned worked , and of sustainable work . 
  with little to say in favour of mini-jobs , workfare and coal subsidies , other than `` they might do for now , and just for now '' . 
  i disagree that those kind of jobs are not meaningful . 
  it helps people retrain and is in many cases the way into permanent employment . 
  if you do a good job at a work placement you gain opportunities that you would otherwise not get . 
   and that is all that `` maximum employment '' ideology can do , waste your time , waste your talent , even waste resources on promoting cheap labour to the detriment of innovation and automation . 
  again i disagree . 
  if you have talent you will most likely get good employment pretty quickly . 
  even if you do not find your dream job right away a temporary job could lead to it in the future . 
  that sucky job in retail could lead you to a high paying job in the company hq . 
  you just got to see opportunities . 
  healthcare is screaming for workers at the moment . 
   why ? 
  i 'm being serious , why ? 
  because having any work is better than sitting on welfare . 
  working is not only about getting money , but it also helps with social life and general self worth . 
  i have seen people living on welfare and it 's so sad seeing how it slowly wears them down because they are bored and feel like they are not contributing . 
  after some time on welfare you will also have a harder time getting employment later on as you have a gap in your resume . 
  not to mention welfare does in general leave you with less money to spend , even compared to a low paying job . 
   we 've sort of accepted that higher unemployment is better than trying to shove physics graduates into coffee making part-time for tips . 
  i guess that 's a north-south devide in action . 
  a high unemployment is in general not accepted in northern europe . 
  one is expected to contribute if you are able . 
  i know an engineer that worked as a pizza delivery driver before he got a job in the oil sector . 
  any employment is better than no employment . 
  how do you think we can sustain a large welfare state in the nordics in the first place ? 
  by working and contributing to it . 
  but if your mentality is common many places further south in europe it really is n't surprising how the north is richer . 
  now if only the unemployment rate would match the u.s. 
   edit : is there any reason why there are so many poles in iceland and norway ? 
  depends what kind of meat . 
  you can get ground beef for like 25kr which is just a little over what i pay in poland for the same amount . 
  yes it 's an important distinction . 
  being a foreign student in switzerland must be tough . 
  pretty much how i feel as a norwegian in poland . 
  if you work there it really should n't be a problem as the swiss wages are the highest in europe . 
  it 's the same for norway . 
  for foreigners it 's expensive , but when you live there it 's not . 
  spending is one thing , combat power and capabilities are another . 
   i am to young to appreciate the magnitude of the ( not so ) cold war . 
  yes it really was a different time . 
  i grew up in northern norway and it was always interesting to hear my parents talk about how much activity there was there back then . 
  all along the coast there is military facilities that used to be fully staffed with people , but are now just rotting away . 
  it 's sad but fascinating at the same time . 
   having an standing army that is large enough to be a pain in the ass to deal with seems like the optimal deterrence for escalations . 
  i agree and for norway that should n't really be that hard . 
  the terrain makes a land invasion difficult and with the right equipment and manpower it should be possible to hold of quite a large military power for some time . 
   i is sad to hear that the proverbial ship is rotting because nobody wants to pay for the painting . 
  it is sad . 
  it must be said that i do think the situation is better now than it was . 
  still not optimal however . 
   do you have any insights into why the goverment spenidng on millitary has decreased so much ? 
  there has n't been a push from the public to increase spending . 
  a few years ago the threat level did n't seem very high . 
  after the whole ukraine affair the public have been more eager to increase military spending again . 
  during the cold war norway consistently spent 3 % of gdp or more . 
  once the soviet union fell the military was downsized for peacetime operations , like in most of europe . 
   norway did participate in the war in afghanistan ( 2001 -- 2014 ) i guess that could be an explanation for why stoltenberg got his seat in nato . 
  we have participated in many operations abroad and the military is therefore organized in such a way . 
  now the focus have been turned more towards national security , sadly the current state of the military is not in any way satisfactory for this purpose . 
  an example of this is our brand new frigates that we have recieved during the last few years ( 2004-2011 ) . 
  of the five we recieved , only one of them was fully operative in 2013 . 
  the rest is barely manned and some of them are even used for spare parts . 
  it 's sadly not uncommon as investments are paid for over the same budget as the daily operations . 
  that means that if the budget does n't get increased enough to cover the investment , the operative budget takes a hit . 
  so you basically imply that we should be totally reliant on the us 's goodwill to defend us ? 
  it 's more surprising that stoltenberg got the position in the first place as his government reduced spending quite dramatically ( [ 2005-2013 ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/norway/military-expenditure-percent-of-gdp-wb-data.html ) ) . 
  as for the german occupation , the government has n't learned anything .
