  yet we ask those from workers of other jobs to accept unsurvivable wages anyway ? 
  where am i saying that we are going to pay them a non livable wage ? 
   should humanoid smart bots walk in you 're going to look like a fool . 
  as far as i see it we are not quite there yet and will not be for several decades . 
   nobody is asking anyone to come vacuum in nowadays . 
  they all do it themselves . 
  it 's more common than you think . 
  especially businesses that has large floor areas . 
  if you have ever worked in retail you would understand that there is demand for it . 
   or , really , nobody has servants nowadays except a so ridiculously small percent that 's so negligible it might has well not exist . 
  500y ago it was like a family on 10 . 
  take a look in to office buildings in the evening and you will be proved wrong . 
   that 's the part you are not figuring out . 
  soon there wo n't be a `` job market '' . 
  that 's what people have said for years and years and years . 
  when modern farming equipment became the norm people also said it would leave them with no jobs . 
  then the industry came and people said the same . 
  there will alwats be demand for wage labour . 
  heck , i live in norway where we have a shortage of workers . 
  when the rising middle class in china and india want their consumer goods and services this will only increase demand in the job market . 
   there will be do-it-all robots , and nobody will have to do anything ( ok maybe 20/30 % people will work ) . 
  so either , you 1 \u00b0 ) pay them to stay home or 2 \u00b0 ) they have zero income , for their entire life . 
  what do you think is going to happen in the second case ? 
  at best , mafia smugglers and drug money takes over everywhere . 
  that 's what 's happening in south america , africa and russia . 
  can i borrow your crystal ball ? 
  i would love to be able to predict the future . 
   we give billions trillions to banksters who openly fraud everything , we give billionstrillions in subsidies to every big corps under the sun , yet giving a few bucks to the citizens is impossible ? 
  we give banks billions , but they pay it back with interest . 
  in the end we actually benefited from it . 
  also the large fines the banks have gotten does n't count ? 
  subsidies are necessary in some sectors . 
  in the end it actually benefits the average person because it means cheaper food and energy . 
  yes , the citizens get absolutely nothing . 
  no roads , no schools , no social security , no healthcare and no unemployment benefits . 
  where the hell do you live ? 
  it 's not a modern western nation that 's for sure . 
   you are either a fool , deluded or one of the biggest hypocrits around . 
  ah yes , personal insults . 
  makes you look good does n't it ? 
   so many people hate their boss today that odds are they 'd be amongst the first casualties . 
  speak for yourself . 
   ok smartboy , how many domestics do you have at home ? 
  instead of a vacuum cleaner , a washing machine and a central heater . 
  do you have a chef or a micro wave and a fridge ? 
  a personnal courrier , or a computer and net access ? 
  what is the point you are trying to make ? 
  as far as i 'm aware the tasks still has to be done , it 's just that it takes less time now . 
   oh and for the records , roomba sales are exploding . 
  and the argument here is that workers have to accept less than the buying price of a roomba to `` have a job '' or enjoy no income . 
  wtf ? 
  look at it this way . 
  as far as i see it the roomba only vacuums the floor . 
  there is still other tasks to be done . 
  actually washing the floor and everything that is n't the floor itself . 
  but since vacuming now takes less time , you can wash more in the same time . 
  this means you can serve more clients than before . 
  now this obviously means that prices of cleaning services will go down , making businesses and people who previously could n't affort the service able to . 
  a whole new market opens . 
  it 's just like the it sector , while it removed a lot of jobs , a whole lot of new jobs were created . 
   ahhh . 
  the `` honest labour '' argument i keep hearing about . 
  the one coming from people who built their life stealing their employees wage and who never work a day they do n't want ; the one coming from the religious billionaires who keep saying how the africans are `` sinners who deserve their poverty and ebola '' . 
  fuck you , holier-than-thou asshole . 
  honest labour is everyone who participates in the job market . 
  if this involves flipping burgers , paving roads or being a ceo does n't matter . 
  i do n't know how you got the idea that i was talking about only the employers . 
   money is n't distributed by `` honesty '' . 
  some assholes are born in the lucky zone ( rich family , area , good school area , opportunity area , ... ) you are totally correct . 
  which is why we should spend tax money on building good neighborhoods , schools , hospitals etc instead of just giving people money . 
   then use their entire life to ensure they get it all and nobody else that is n't out of their social group . 
  you know how it used to be called once ago ? 
  let me enlight you how it ends . 
  why do you generalize a whole group ? 
  there are some good and some bad , just like in any other society . 
   instead of being forced to scrub floors for a living , a roomba could do it and that guy could start a company designing electronics or yeah run a bar if he feels like it . 
  if a roomba could do the job just as good as a human , then it would have been done already . 
  that 's the beauty of the free-market . 
  there is nothing stopping the person actually designing electronics or run a bar as it is now either . 
   and just one last i feel i truly need to add : so fucking what ? 
  it 's not up to you to decide how they should use their time on earth . 
  some people drink , and if mormon preachers come in and pour the bottle in the sink `` because drinkin is sin '' , i just want to throw them out . 
  it 's none of your fuckin business . 
  because in the end it 's the ones who do honest labour who will end up paying for it . 
   some people would rather have control over their own schedule than an imposed one for their entire life . 
  i 'm sure there are some people that would like that . 
  but for the rest of us , we would struggle to actually find something productive to in the free time . 
  i am studying at the moment and i heve plenty of free time , i notice it myself that the days i am not going to school often ends up being `` wasted '' since i end up watching netflix and being lazy . 
   but this . 
  a lot of people could contribue to more productive endeavour than the one that gives them the more cash immediately to survive . 
  can you give an example of what these productive endeavours would consist of ? 
  smoking weed and redditing ? 
  working also has the benefit that it makes you have a schedule and a feeling that you contribute to society . 
  everyone i know who has been on welfare says it sucks and much prefer working . 
  that is even if welfare is sort of livable where i 'm from . 
  if you like a propped up and inefficient public sector , high taxes and a nanny state , go ahead . 
  ah , yes . 
  you should tell him to move to roseng\u00e5rd . 
  heard it 's pretty awesome there !, 
   the economy of an economy is to serve the people not the other way around does it really serve the people if they are left with no jobs and just sit on welfare all day ?
