  maybe it would , luckily it is n't so , 
   btw the wealthy get taxed 60 % ( after a certain amount i forget ca. 500.000 kr ) plus the 8 % tax ( which is not called a tax ) that 's insane and would cause an uproar here in norway . 
  here you pay only 27 % at that income . 
  that 's only marginal and it 's closer to 24-25 % with deductions . 
  i think you will find that we have n't really gone different paths . 
  it 's almost sad to see how our military expenditure has gone from 3 % in the late 80 's to just 1,4 % today ... no wonder our military is in ruins . 
  still expected to top at less than 5 % . 
  we 're doing pretty alright . 
  still higher than norway and iceland . 
  it 's not really scandinavian considering the norwegian government did something similar a few years ago when it comes to diesels . 
  in addition it 's not going to be long until ev 's gets taxed normally considering the state looses a lot of money on the incentives . 
  you 're totally right . 
  just waiting until this happens here in norway where the ev 's cost the state enormous amount of money . 
  it 's obviously the same here . 
  i just find it interesting that you say that basically no one have private insurance in finland when it 's getting really popular here in norway . 
  but that may be because people here have more money though . 
  that 's interesting . 
  here private healthcare providers has a little over 10 % market share and it 's increasing . 
  for many the shortened waiting times and better quality care is worth the extra exepense . 
  you know russia borders norway too ? 
  also it 's rather you that should enter nato if you want help !, 
  the norwegian navy is a joke . 
  we bought brand new frigates but because of low funding some of them are used for spares . 
  the air force is also in ruins . 
  realisticly we can only send up 20 f-16 's in a wartime situation . 
  the funny part is that norway has the largest defence budget in the nordics . 
  but in relation to gdp it 's only 1,5 % compared to 3 % in the cold war . 
  by nationalizing the merchant fleet like we did in ww2 . 
  ca n't wait to see the german army flying into finland with their brooms !, 
  i 'm just a poor student !, 
  but my parents chose a golf because the tesla is simply too large for the apartment complex parking garage . 
  the width of the tesla makes it useless in cities . 
  it will be interesting to see how productivity develops now that oil prices have more than halved . 
  we used to have one , but now we have a new golf with a tsi engine . 
  it 's much better in a cold climate as it heats up faster . 
  in addition it has the same consumption as a diesel . 
  you 're right that the u.s is n't the saviour of the environment . 
  but when it comes to vehicle pollution standards , they are miles ahead of the eu . 
  give credit where credit is due . 
  does n't this map only prove my point ? 
  just wait until winter . 
  it could be worse though , like asia where it 's really bad . 
  every city has smog , but there is a noticable difference when it comes to air quality . 
  especially in the winters where diesels cause lots of pollution compared to gasoline powered cars . 
  diesels are very popular in europe and almost non-existent in the u.s. ironically diesels become popular because they were supposed to be better for the environment . 
  they release less co2 , but way more nox and other pollutants which ruin the local environment . 
  a city where smog has been reduced by 80 % during a 50 year period despite the city having a very special geography and weather patterns . 
  not really comparable to a city like paris that is flat and still suffers from high amounts of smog . 
  stop being so lazy germany !, 
  yeah , not wanting diesels to ruin the local environment really is stupid . 
  they should do like the eu and let their cities have a nice blanket of smog in the winter . 
  in the u.s pretty much only utility vehicles run on diesel . 
  the regular passenger car is gasoline powered . 
  like someone else said in this thread diesels have less than a 3 % market share in the u.s , which is far from the around 50 % here in europe . 
  of those 3 % , the majority is from foreign car manufacturers . 
  diesel emission standards are much stricter in the u.s , which is why vw cheated in the first place . 
  they produce mainly for the u.s market and more importantly they mostly produce gasoline cars . 
  it 's the diesels that are the major problem here . 
  what about ev 's ? 
  i 've both been to the u.s and some of my closest friends are american . 
  while i get along just fine with people from southern europe , i notice there is quite a difference in views and culture . 
  there is no surprise however that it is this way . 
  a large part of americans do have northern european heritage and the thoughts about how to act socially and at work is quite similar . 
  to be honest i am very curious if he would actually win if he went head to head against trump . 
  one has to understand that a self declared socialist is pretty much unelectable in the u.s. 
  who says these views ca n't be combined with strong workers rights and welfare states ? 
  i 'm norwegian and do n't feel close to greeks at all . 
  it 's like a totally different culture and way of living . 
  apart from northern europeans i feel americans are closer to our culture than southern europeans . 
  i would imagine it to split the union even more . 
  especially because of the nordics , netherlands and ireland that oppose an eu army . 
   ye , imho if trump was running against sanders things would n't have ended this way . 
  do n't be so sure about that . 
  a self declared socialist is pretty much unelectable in the u.s. 
  not saying it is a good idea . 
  i just imagine that germany would act that way if russia decided to stand on the borders . 
  germans are not interested in fighting for their own country , and even less so for other countries . 
  eastern europe can be steamrolled by russia and few germans would be willing to fight against it . 
  i 'm sure germany would be happy to appease them and work out some cooperation to avoid getting invaded . 
  just let pajeet from dehli run the finance ministry !, 
  i think they should locate it to norway since we have been such loyal costumers . 
  giving back to the community you know !, 
  there is a lot of elements in our society that is unnecessary , like restaurants and cafes , but that does n't mean that it should be illegal . 
  i think that the consumers can decide what is a necessity and what is not . 
  that stores will do their business no matter what just shows that consumers value the convenience of being able to buy food on a sunday . 
   there is no actual need to keep open , unlike caf\u00e9s and restaurants who do most of their business these days , or emergency services that are essential . 
  just because you do n't feel the need to shop on sundays does n't mean that society as a whole feel the same way . 
  there is a reason why every brustadbu is packed on sundays . 
  it 's clearly a demand for it . 
  but if it is true that there is no need to keep open on sundays , why are you afraid of liberalizing the law ? 
  no store will keep open on sunday if there is no money to be made . 
   the other point is assuming stores would want hungover students to work their sundays instead of the more experienced regular employees . 
  i think they would prefer it . 
  younger people work more efficient and is way easier to train compared to older people . 
  that is my own experience from working in retail . 
  for example did we get a new computer system which took a day tops for us young employees to master . 
  for the `` experienced regular employees '' this transistion was way more time consuming . 
  if restaurants , cafes and hospitals can have hangover students to work on sundays , why should n't employeers in the retail sector feel the same way ? 
  if your work can be outsourced to uneducated chinese workers , your job did n't really have much to live for in a modern developed country anyways . 
  i have lived in norway my entire life so i know how it is to live with stores that are closed on sunday .
