  if the eu had just stayed a trade block and the individial countries could negotiate their own trade agreements with countries on the outside this could have been avoided . 
   why attract so much negative publicity that makes it harder to pass the deal ? 
  because those actually negotiatiating the deal are informed people who knows that it is not nearly as bad as anti-ceta websites make it sound . 
  isds is already part of several trade agreements , including some that eu has already impemented . 
  why it has suddenly got controversial is a good question . 
   and that 's close to 75 % of all european legislation , iirc . 
  figures vary from 25-75 % . 
  no one seems to be quite sure . 
  most eu regulations are not controversial and which all parties agree on . 
  so i do n't see the sake of not implementing it just for the sake of it , especially since we trade a lot with the eu . 
  since we are not in the eu we are also not part of the cfp and cap in addition to not having to implement merkels refugee quota . 
  these are major opt-outs in my opinion . 
   i 'm not sure having full control over the remaining 25 % is worth having no political representation in the eu we have some representation and a veto if the legislation is against our interests . 
  25 % of our exports is 23,5 bln euros which is a major sum for a small country like norway . 
  this share could very well increase as we are always negotiating new trade agreements . 
  as the eu mention on their own website '' [ over the next ten to 15 years , 90 % of world demand will be generated outside europe ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/countries-and-regions/agreements/index_en.htm ) '' . 
  the eu could stand on the outside and not take a major part in satisfying this demand , but they definitely should . 
   there 's a reason why your center-left and center-right parties both support full eu membership . 
  there is also a reason why 80 % of the population is against it . 
  for the same reason that the eu got created . 
  trade benefits all parties involved and creates a higher standard of living . 
  also one gets the added benefit of countries being dependent on eachother , which reduces the incentives for war . 
  i 'm very curious if there is a trade agreement that has not been beneficial for both parties . 
  as far as i 'm aware free trade is one of the few things most academics can agree on is always a net benefit . 
  norway only implements legislation that are relevant to the eea agreement . 
  in addition we have our own fishing and agriculture policy , the ability to negotiate our own trade agreements and pay way less to the eu compared to if we were a member . 
  it 's a much better deal for us than if we were a member . 
  is european agriculture really that uncompetitive ? 
  it 's forbidden for another eu company to be discriminated . 
  for a canadian company this is n't the case . 
  so if there is a breach of law in a country a company should just ignore it ? 
  if you look a little bit closer you will see that i wrote county , 
  you do realize governments can be sued by companies regardless right ? 
  germany is being sued by the swedish company vattenfall for example . 
  because of the protectionist attitude . 
  i 'm sure belgian farmers would love to have the domestic market for themselves , do n't you think ? 
  right now they are forced to open up their market for the entire eu , something that massively benifits the consumer . 
  canada is very similar to europe culturally . 
  with a high regard for human rights and health and safety standards . 
  the entire county of finnmark was burned to the ground during the german retreat . 
  sadly this is n't well known . 
  let 's just end the eu and everyone can stay in their own little bubble with no free trade and high tariffs . 
  just like it used to be . 
  thank god norway did n't join this mess . 
  how on earth is the eu going to stay relevant in an ever growing global economy when it ca n't even conclude a deal with probably the most european country outside of europe ? 
  that the eu , which is mainly a trade block , is so hesitant to allow free trade is just amazingly ironic . 
  it 's so that the deal is enforced . 
  in practice a company from canada should n't get worse treatment than a company from the eu when doing business in the eu and opposite . 
  you can imagine that domestic courts would favour domestic companies . 
  that 's why you want an independent court that can look at the case from a neutral point of view . 
  is n't investor protection of major importance when having a free trade agreement , especially when it comes to actually operating in a country and not only exporting to it ? 
  luckily the efta is n't handicapped by leftist politicians that refuse to accept the one thing that all economists can agree on . 
  free trade is beneficial for all parties involved . 
  i would welcome a more comprehensive deal with canada . 
  we share a lot of common interests and they are probably the most european country outside of europe . 
  more trade and investment would be very good , maybe it will lead to easier access to their labour market as well !, 
  canada can trade with us in efta since we already have a trade agreement with them . 
  one of big perks of not being in the eu . 
   it 's massive for a single person or even for a city . 
  for the largest market in the world ( which includes norway and switzerland ) it 's completely insignificant . 
  switzerland and norway is not part of ceta . 
  we already have a free trade agreement with canada through efta . 
  as far as i am aware our contries have not gone to shit because of it . 
  since we are not in the eu we can negotiate trade agreements with whoever we want . 
  usually companies that do a lot of importing and exporting lock their exchange rate for something like a year at a time . 
  that is why prices does n't really change until some time has passed . 
  according to this my ssd ( kingston ssdnow ) should be more than sufficient : /, 
  interesting , maybe the bottleneck were somewhere else . 
  maybe steam was the bottleneck . 
  as far as i recall it got to around 86 mb/s before it stopped downloading and it said that the files were writing to the disc . 
  afterwards it resumed to about the same speed before it happened again . 
  the highest i got was 86 mb/s if i recall correctly . 
  that 's where it bottlenecked . 
  according the steam it was due to it having to write the file to the disc . 
  that 's why i assume it was the harddrive that was the bottleneck . 
  i do have an ssd , that 's the thing . 
  but with 100mb/s even that one struggles to keep up . 
  maybe the estonian grid is peered better with the western european one . 
  i guess you have some cables running straight over to sweden ? 
  i think it 's kind of the same here in poland . 
  my internet is pretty decent ( around 70 down 10 up ) . 
  yet if i use speedtest to test a server outside of poland the speeds are usually shit in comparison . 
  this means that if i play a game here in poland i get the same ping as my friends back in northern norway , even though i am much closer to the server . 
  ah yes . 
  i kind of miss it . 
  downloading games at steam so fast that the harddrive could n't keep up !, 
  just like southern and eastern europe ? 
  the authorities do regular checks on all producers of food . 
  if standards are not met after several warnings the factory/farm would be shut down instantly . 
  does n't matter if it is foreign or domesticly owned . 
  animal health is very important . 
  so there are regulations that state that animals should be outside grazing in the summer for example . 
  a stressed animal does n't make for good food !, 
  the difference is that in a country you have fiscal transfers from the areas that are doing good , to the areas that are doing bad . 
  why do you think germany is pumping billions of euros from the west and to the east ? 
  the euro could work if this was done at a large scale . 
  however it would be political suicide to basically propose that northern and western europe should send billions of their own tax money to the poorer parts of the union . 
  you just have to look at southern europe to understand why the euro is a bad idea . 
  oil price and refining costs plays a larger role in this . 
  for example is the petrol cheaper in norway now compared to 3 years ago when the nok was very strong .
