  not that i really care since i do n't use it or planning on using it in the future . 
  i would rather it go to the people than the state though . 
  : - } never thought of it that way . 
  in a regular job here , to fill a 40l tank , let me see ... 1,6 x40 = 64 $ ... that 's 3 days of work . 
  not bad too !, 
  a 40 liter tank costs 72,8 $ here . 
  even i who work this summer at a grocery store earn like 16,5 $ per hour . 
  that means that in a little over 4 hours i can afford to fill it up . 
  that is a relatively low paid job in norway so it really says a lot . 
   ( sorry , offtopic : it reminded me i work 4-5 hours a day , every day , to pay my taxes . 
  the remaining 3-4 , that 's where my salary finally comes from . 
  funny ... :-( ) since i only work this summer i get my whole salary tax free . 
  but for most people taxes make up around 30-35 % of their income . 
  but since incomes are pretty high ( average monthly pre-tax income was 4630 $ a month ) people end up with quite a bit after tax as well . 
  it is n't too bad when compared to wages though . 
  in a regular job you earn enough to fill up your tank after just 4-5 hours . 
   as warren buffet says ( not a poor guy ) , there 's a battle of classes , and his class is winning . 
  the rich as a group ( not every single one of them ) definitely is to blame . 
  greed is good , remember ? 
  if that means half of the population being poor , then so be it . 
  i would n't put the blame on the rich . 
  they are only trying to maximize profit , which is their goal . 
  i blame the government instead . 
   unlike the us , there are countries in the world that offer free education . 
  i was talking about how having an education usually means that you earn more . 
  with regards to having free education . 
  it costs to have the best universities in the world for sure . 
  also do n't always let the word free trick you . 
  you need to factor in cost of living as well . 
  i am from norway , which offers `` free '' education . 
  but you still need student loans to pay for the cost of living which is the highest in the world . 
  $ 30k in studentloans are the absolute minimum most people end up with after school . 
  just like in the u.s however the loans are very flexible so the burden is n't as high . 
  the speedlimits just recently got raised from 100 km/h and it 's only on the best motorways . 
  there actually was a lot of controvercy and doomsday prophecies of how the number of road deaths would increase a lot . 
  just shows how slow and conservative we are as a country . 
  the 110 km/h limit is only something you find in the oslofjord area . 
  the rest of the country has to deal with 80 km/h and horrible roads . 
  that 's why most people take a plane when they are going somewhere . 
  since norway is n't on the list i can add the info here : maximum speed limit : 110 km/h legal blood limit : 0,2 fuel price ( 95 ) : $ 1,82 / l motorways are financed by tolls . 
   here 's a difference in earning more , like a teacher and a surgeon do n't earn the same , and the obvious scam that company-holders and share-holders earn upto thousands times more than a typical employee . 
  most people do n't have the need to be rich , but there 's a problem when some people are obscenely rich , dry-sucking society and hogging that money in fiscal paradises , while half of the population lives from paycheck to paycheck , has no social security or just plain lives in poverty . 
  are you one of those who blame everything on the rich ? 
  because what matters here is not how much the richest earn . 
  but how good standard of living the poorest people have . 
  if i were i poor it would n't matter to me how rich the richest was if i was still able to live a good life . 
   social classes is not only about money though , it 's also about education and stuff like that . 
  more education usually means more money . 
  you are right . 
  but being a millionaire sure has its perks . 
  for most people however , a middle class lifestyle is pretty great . 
   that 's the average of course . 
  also , how many actually work in the private sector in norway ? 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  but taking in to account that the amount of norwegians with private health insurance are ten times higher than a decade ago it 's on a steady rise . 
   i 'd say 1 mill is pretty normal , but that 's actually far below your claim of 300k usd ... ( 1,8 mill ) . 
  i may have exaggerated a little . 
  that still does n't take away the fact that the wage a doctor makes is much higher than in most jobs . 
  the amount of immigrants who come to work here as doctors also show that the wages are competative on an international scale . 
  that is waaaay to low . 
  according to this link it 's around 780 000 nok for doctors in the public sector and 900 000 nok for doctors in the private sector . 
  this is just averages though and should be taken with a grain of salt . 
   that 's the average for a surgeon in the us ? 
  most norwegian medical professionals do not make that kind of money , or do you have better sources ? 
  it varies a lot depending on where you work . 
  but according to the tax records the local doctor where i live she has a taxable income of around $ 244 000 per year . 
  earning $ 300 000 is not really uncommon , especially if you work in the private sector . 
  i think doctors deserve every dollar they make . 
  what i was talking about is how differences in wages and `` classes '' encourage people to take these professions . 
  if wages were similar i do n't think there is the same incentive since you could be doing a much easier job while at the same time earning just as much . 
  i completely agree . 
  if i were poor it would n't matter to me if the rich got poorer for me personally . 
  i 'm pretty sure over $ 300 000 a year is high even on a international scale . 
  boredom is far from the only problems norway has . 
  but these problems are more related to the society than the individuals . 
  looks better than norwegian dormitories too . 
  people also want to earn enough to sustain a good standard of living as well . 
  what do you think is more important ? 
  so you think there would be the same amount of people applying for medical studies if the wages were at minimum wage level ? 
  what standard should you measure it by then ? 
  as far as i am aware money is the only realistic measurement of social classes . 
  the more you earn , the more likely it is that you have a high standard of living and financial stability . 
  there are plenty of other ways you can help people except being a doctor . 
  so why should someone struggle themselves through a decade of schooling if you are not guaranteed a good life afterwards ? 
  because nothing in life is free . 
  this can be said about most occupations . 
  but to completely ignore money as a motivation is naive . 
  i honestly ca n't see how anyone in the western world would like to be a doctor on minimum wage with hundreds of thousands in student debt and a really long education . 
  it 's just that when we work we are efficient as hell !, 
   in a utopia you do n't need to ` improve society ' . 
  my definition , it 's perfect . 
  in other words there will never be a utopia since things will always need improvement . 
  maybe it 's for the best that there is no utopia so that we have something to stride for . 
  in an ideal world , there are classes , but the lowest classes still has it pretty good . 
  classless societies are a recipe for disaster because it does n't give an incentive to improve society . 
  who wants to become a doctor if you can earn the same in retail ? 
  depends what things you value . 
  for a poorer person it may be utopia , but for someone who is upper middle class it may be seen as boring and cold . 
  hail and tornadoes actually !, 
  but in the north it is beautyful right now .
