   can you tell me why there was such a steep increase in the 13 years between '25 and ' 38 ? 
  norwegian shipping made a comback . 
  in the end of the 1800 's ships went from using sails to using steam engines . 
  norwegian shipping companies were slow in converting and lost market shares . 
  this was recovered in the 1930 's when norway again had one of the largest merchant fleet in the world . 
  during the 1930 's the average income in norway increased by 35 % !, 
  interesting considering the same figure is 93,65 % in norway , or 83 % using national statistics . 
  being the richest country in europe before ww2 is n't really `` average '' to be honest . 
  i see no reason why we would n't be top 5 in europe today without the oil . 
  people still believe that we were poor before we found oil ... 
  yes it can . 
  the nok is 30 % weaker towards the usd than it was one year ago . 
  the usd has strenghten a lot towards most currencies . 
  if the taxes are paid in luxembourg it is n't really tax evasion is it ? 
   gdp is the true measurement of material wealth . 
  not gdp `` corrected '' by ppp . 
  the problem is the exchange rates against the dollar . 
  for example have the norwegian currency lost 30 % of its value towards the dollar , effectively making our economy 30 % smaller in nominal terms . 
  meanwhile the material wealth is the same , or even higher than it was 1 year ago when the dollar was weaker . 
  i honestly hate this cold weather . 
  we got plenty of cold weather the rest of the year ... 
  is n't siberia very hot in the summer ? 
  [ sounds like the norwegian riviera is the place for you ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rvyioxl.png ) !, 
  living in northern norway at the moment where it 's 10c and rain . 
  meanwhile all my friends in the south are enjoying the heat ... 
  the same in norway , probably even more . 
  in what way do you have a `` richer '' life in germany ? 
  that depends on who you ask . 
  then us norwegians and swiss can undercut you !, 
  that should make imported goods cheaper and increase purchasing power . 
  the same thing applies for germany too . 
  but that depends on what values you prefer . 
  that 's actually kind of interesting considering eastern-europe is pretty pro us . 
  i guess we are more cultutally aligned with the u.s compared to central europe in general . 
  for the majority of europeans their quality of life would improve in the u.s conpared to here . 
  atleast they have jobs and higher wages which the eu lacks . 
  it 's pretty much the same here when there is an american in the room . 
  ask the greeks how they like their freedom . 
  if they did n't switch to the euro this would n't have happened . 
  to be fair germany or the eu is n't exactly freedom loving either . 
  it rarely goes below -10 where people actually live and in the coast it 's often snow free and mild . 
  your winters are worse . 
  if they 're smart they do n't have any money left in greece, 
  in the south ut easily gets up to 20 + degrees in the water . 
  yep . 
  to put it in perspective i have never travelled to a country where stuff is more expensive than here !, 
  yep , dubai and singapore is just as relevant as paris , tokyo and shanghai on the global stage . 
  higher than cities such as moscow and frankfurt . 
  but facts do n't get upvoted on this site ... 
  if you 'd seen the cost of living here you would also want a wage that high , 
  in the corporate world they are very relevant . 
  cooperation does n't have to include federalization or a common currency . 
  it 's the same in norway . 
  but if you 're willing to live outside of the cities it 's very cheap in comparison . 
  ... and there goes the recovery, 
  implying a strong currency is a good thing in a crisis . 
  countries like singapore and the uae is pretty relevant despite not being part of a larger country . 
   i pay something about 45 % taxes which includes health care and a part of the pension . 
  pretty sure that percentage is lower when factoring in deductions , holiday pay etc. 
  on that wage you would end up with about 2220 $ after tax . 
  which is entirely liveable , especially outside of cities . 
  that is for a low skilled job though . 
  when i 'm done with my education i would be happy if i earned around the national average of $ 4800 before tax . 
  yep , apart from usually high rents it 's probably one of the worst things about studying in norway :(, 
  where i study it 's 45 nok for 0,4 l and 60 for 0,6 l. 
  and that is considered cheap ... 
  it really put things in a perspective when i would n't settle for a job that do n't pay me atleast $ 2750 a month before tax here in norway . 
  norway : income 1600 $ ( student aid , work and parents ) expenses : rent -400 $ food -300 $ mobile plan -23 $ spotify -11 $ this leaves me with around 866 $ i can use as i 'd like . 
  most of it i put aside to savings which i try to have more than 1700 $ of at all times . 
  living in a small town leaves you with lot 's of money for fun and travelling , even as a student !, 
  that 's a lot in taxes !, 
  i do n't see how this is relevant considering most people earn more than minimum wage . 
  the difference is not that large anyways . 
  netherlands is also one of the countries in the eu with the highest wages . 
  should n't the us be afraid of the countries in the east and south eu that have much lower salaries ? 
  people say we are taxed a lot here in norway . 
  but it 's nothing compared to the rest of scandinavia , nl , france and belgium !, 
  not easy to argue with facts against sheep . 
  corporate taxes in the eu are lower than in the u.s already . 
  corporate taxation also does not contribute much to the state budget and in the end it 's the consumer who gets the cost . 
  wages in the u.s are higher than in the netherlands so rather it 's they who should be afraid to get european wages . 
  oslo often gets a bad reputation but it 's a lovely city in the summer . 
  especially if you go to the right parts and avoid the bad areas . 
  agreed . 
  love that city !, 
  what could go wrong ... 
  here in norway it 's usually gross salary ( annual or monthly ) . 
  how much you make after tax vary a lot on what deductions you have . 
  find me one trade agreement that has been negotiated publicly and i 'll be very impressed . 
  or any political negotiation for that matter . 
  i highly doubt corporations give a shit about a few people on reddit . 
  to be honest i find jeff a fresh breath in the debate . 
  he cite official sources and actually has read up on the deal . 
  too bad facts and good argumentation gets downvoted on this sub . 
  guess frp is actually delivering . 
  is the u.k really a better place for immigrants than france ? 
  we got rid of our `` cents '' her in norway . 
  did n't really change anything . 
  most people pay with card anyways . 
  they cost the same over here as in most other european countries though .
