   the point is the swiss ca n't have all that they want without letting the eu have some things they want too . 
  just reverse the position both parties want a free trade agreement . 
  why should there be so much strings attached ? 
   you 're free to subsidize your local industry , just do n't expect to access the european market in which industries are not supposed to be subsidized . 
  we 're not free to . 
  that 's the point . 
  the company in question only runs domestic routes . 
  people are free to enter and visit . 
  but there should be stricter rules for immigration in regard to work . 
  eu does n't give a shit about those who are part of the eu either . 
   he does n't , there is a trade agreement that has to be complied with . 
  which states what standards the products should have . 
   when negotiating for such an agreement twelve million swiss do not carry nearly as much weight as the rest of the eu . 
  so they have ca n't get everything they want . 
  why is n't a free trade agreement enough ? 
  just because the eu has more bargaining power does n't mean it 's ok that they abuse their position . 
  it 's pretty undemocratic , but that 's expected from the eu . 
  even here in norway the eu get involved in way to much domestic stuff . 
  if we want to subsidize the coastal express that is part of our heritage why should n't we be allowed to ? 
  the regulations would be there regardless . 
  if a german manufacturer wants to export goods to japan he has to comply to japanese regulations . 
  the immigration thing is one reason i 'm not too fond of the eu in it 's current state . 
  it should be up to the swiss who they allow into their country . 
   by that definition , and for that reason , all ideologies are irrelevant . 
  you are correct . 
  but some are more irrelevant than others . 
  slaves are not efficient if that means noone can buy your products . 
   look at asia , where literally slaves or half-slaves are working - sure , it 's so efficient and they are making business in world-scale . 
  the `` slaves '' in asia are getting real wage growth of nearly 10 % each year . 
  i think they much prefer it to how it used to be . 
  switzerland is n't solely wealthy because of banking . 
  they have a developed manufacturing sector . 
  people just use that as an excuse to why they do good outside the eu . 
  which results in production halting since it 's not profitable . 
  market adjusts to normal . 
  reading through the party programmes of far left parties over here they seem pretty similar in most regards . 
  communism for examples has so many regulations that i do n't see how it 's possible without a state to enforce them . 
  as i said in my original post the ideologies are irrelevant since they are not achievable in practice . 
  it 's so good to know that there is no dirty money in banks inside the eu . 
  luxembourg for example . 
  restricting the ability to own private capital is pretty bad in it self . 
  it 's pretty much the thing that makes capitalism so efficient . 
  the thing is that many left-wingers completely forget how much influence you actually can have in the current society . 
  want to take part in the profits from the nation 's industry ? 
  buy stocks in the countries industrial companies . 
  want better labour conditions and pay ? 
  unionize or get better skills . 
  we 've had a test project on community work to get benefits in a city in norway . 
  the results were very good . 
  why does n't db move from switzerland then ? 
  if switzerland can prosper outside the union so can the uk . 
  you ca n't really deny that socialist parties today generally have a more pro-state stance on issues . 
  instead of letting the workers own a business they would rather let the state own it . 
  imagine a cooperative that 's very successful . 
  because of this the workers get millions in dividends from the profits . 
  suddenly they have become greedy capitalists . 
  are you comparing owning capital to owning slaves ? 
  the thing is that socialists today is n't content with only having cooperatives , since you can create one today with no problem . 
  socialist parties want more power to the state . 
  a much more restricted market that is . 
  as an individual you ca n't own capital . 
  that 's a lot . 
  here in norway you would pay like 25 % on a wage like that !, 
   demand in that context is the ability to buy , not the will to buy . 
  it 's a combination of both . 
  let 's say that hamburgers suddenly become much cheaper because there was too much hamburgers in production . 
  then you would most likely want to buy a hamburger , even though that was n't really something you planned on doing . 
  but because prices dropped , the demand for it also increased . 
  so let 's say that prices on hamburgers increased to $ 50 . 
  most people would have the ability to buy that burger , but many would choose not to because they think it 's not worth the price . 
  in other words drop in demand . 
   if skills are produced through the education system , that 's another example of demand not matching production . 
  how so ? 
  if there is more people applying to go to school than there is capacity the logical step would be to build more schools to meet the demand . 
  would n't that just mean that their u.k customers would use another provider instead ? 
   did you learn in school that production and demand match in capitalism ? 
  that 's basically common knowledge . 
  free markets match demand . 
  if the production is n't high enough prices rise which decreases demand to match production . 
   meaning only people who are lazy are unemployed , only people who like camping are homeless etc ? 
  where did you get that idea from ? 
  if we look at labour as a commodity then it 's sort of true . 
  but that does n't mean that the person is lazy , it 's just that he or she does n't have skills that the markets want . 
  depends on how you look at it i guess . 
  of course you have some ideas from socialism just like there are influences from most ideologies out there . 
  the defining factor is how much influence of each ideology there is . 
  while capitalism has its problems , nothing beats it when it comes to regulating the market and maximize efficiency . 
  socialism is too static and undynamic in comparison . 
   the median danish wage is about $ 3,900 so relative to that it is n't much . 
  gross i assume ? 
  we learned in school that it 's a horrible way of running an economy since production does n't match demand . 
  it 's pretty much an ideology , but that 's it . 
  when it ca n't be used in practice i would say that it 's pretty irrelevant . 
   polish educational system and public discourse makes you think that marxism/socialism is wrong and irrelevant . 
  that 's pretty much the case over here aswell . 
  because it 's true . 
  that actually makes it more interesting . 
  love to explore cities and find the hidden `` treasures '' within . 
  will keep those areas in mind , 
  very nice .
