  we would pay more money than we do now , we 'd have to implement eu laws and not have a veto like we have now and not to mention our fishing and agriculture sectors would have a much harder time surviving . 
  now we wait for someone to tell us that this is a bad thing . 
  how does holiday pay work in denmark ? 
  it could push the tax rate down quite a bit if it works the same way it does here in norway . 
  here you get 12 % of what you earned the year before tax free . 
  in addition you pay half tax in december . 
  that means that while you usually pay around 36 % tax most months on an average wage ( 503 800 nok or 564000 incl holiday pay ) , the tax burden for the entire year ends up being `` only '' 27 % . 
  good on you poland . 
  stay out of it as long as you can , preferably forever . 
  it 's the same here in norway when it comes to strawberry farms . 
  the farmers prefer to employ polish people because they are cheaper . 
  while they get loads of applications from norwegian youth they still go out in the papers with the `` norwegians are too lazy to work on the fields '' . 
  aaand there goes the economy down the shitter . 
  kinda ironic considering french produce is reducing prices in other european countries ... 
  in my experience passport is only really necessary if you travel by plane . 
  if you 're driving it 's very seldom necessary . 
  but having one with you just in case does n't hurt !, 
  very interesting thanks . 
  it seems like you can indeed . 
  i usually travel with a passport anyways as it 's accepted as id pretty much anywhere . 
  i do n't think we have a national id card here in norway yet , but there are talks about implementing it . 
  considering we also have the ability to work and live in any eu member state i would imagine it would have been the same . 
  not completely certain though . 
  you 're right . 
  got it a little mixed up , 
  you 're right . 
  not sure if us eea members would be able to do the same . 
  it would n't surprise me if we could . 
  that 's a schengen benefit , not an eu benefit . 
  oooops , were supposed to be billions !, 
  haha !, 
  pretty much yes . 
  funny comic . 
  but in a way i think that if we were in the union we would have a worse reputation . 
  for example right now we do n't have to be involved with the greece mess . 
  if we were in we would most likely vote yes for austerity ( even though we do the complete opposite when we are in trouble ) and refuse to give futher handouts despite having 800 $ + billions saved up . 
  right now we 're on the outside and just watch while doing nothing controversial . 
  kind of hard to hate us then , 
  just letting your currency `` devaluate '' on its own by having it free floating is a major helper . 
  the currency will reflect the situation in the economy in general . 
  that is a major problem with the euro as far as i see it . 
  the economy in greece is bad , yet the euro does n't reflect that . 
  meanwhile the economy is good in germany , and the euro does n't reflect that either . 
  it just ends up being something in between . 
  how so ? 
  now you know how it is to live in norway !, 
  just get some mountains and you 're all set . 
  the norwegian krone is 7-8 % lower against the euro compared to a year ago . 
  thanks to that we now have a currency that makes our non-oil exports more competitive in a time where the oil price is half of what it was . 
  effectively working as a shock absorber for the economy . 
  just imagine if certain other european countries had the same ability ... 
  are n't the numbers seasonally adjusted though ? 
  it 's not corrupt in the sense that you bribe people to get ahead . 
  but rather it 's corrupt in the sense that if you know someone , they can give you privileges and jobs . 
  very common in smaller municipalities that personal connections count more than qualifications when hiring people . 
  this is despite the fact that the state tries to avoid this by making every public job opening available for the public to apply on . 
  for people being the same age this does n't matter . 
  but it does matter if the age difference is large . 
  he had a tendency to run away from responsibility and not taking matters seriously . 
  things were pretty inefficient during his government . 
  the political moves though were pretty non-controversial . 
  he did waste a lot of tax money on his `` moon landing '' . 
  a co2 treatment plant at the country 's largest oil refinery that did n't end up being made after billions being used on the project . 
  he strikes me as a genuinly nice person , but as a prime minister he was n't really much to brag about . 
  it 's still a lot almost 30 times more than we use on roads this year ( $ 3,3 billion ) . 
  and that 's in one * month * !, 
  train network is also being upgraded . 
  i was wrong about the 80 billion used on roads . 
  it 's for infrastructure in general . 
  around 61 % is used on roads , 33 % on railways and the rest on harbours and public transport . 
  this year the government has increased spending on railways by 8,7 % compared to last year !, 
  hey , they 're just on vacation . 
  ca n't blame them !, 
  to call norwegian roads luxurious are a bit of a stretch . 
  just ask the swedes who laugh at our roads :(, 
  we are investing some 80 billion in roads the next 10 years , so it 's getting better . 
  but it 's way overdue . 
  that 's interesting . 
  in norway the cost needed to upgrade our roads to good standard is 190 billion euros ... 
   how would this increase competitiveness ? 
  by lowering the cost of exports . 
  if the exchange rate makes the nok 30 % cheaper the cost of importing norwegian goods would be 30 % cheaper than it was . 
   this is the case if the wages stay at 100kr and the exchange ratio is 2kr = 1 $ , the the price is only 50 $ . 
  exactly . 
  but if the wages increase to let 's say 110 kr it 's still cheaper than it was . 
   if a state lacks competitiveness and decides to increase it by devaluation ( inflation ) , it can not at the same time increase the wage . 
  how so ? 
  the norwegian krone has effectively lost 30 % of its value against the usd and 7 % to the eur the last year . 
  yet real wages are increasing . 
  as long as the labour costs increases are lower than than the devaluation i do n't see how that would matter . 
  a county full of farmers basically . 
  a big flaw with the euro . 
  tacos and frozen pizza is n't fancy enough for you ? 
  god !, 
  we still have debt interest payments . 
  the country needs a currency reserve to pay for sudden expenses and to keep liquidity in the market . 
  needless to say this debt will never be a problem to serve , but it 's vital to the economy . 
  i 'm on mobile so i do n't bother to look up the figure for norway . 
  i would imagine it being at around 1 % . 
  nord-tr\u00f8ndelag is the region with the lowest incomes in the country .
