  so how would you solve it if one economy is doing badly while another is booming ? 
  joint control does n't really work when one country wants a weak currency while another wants a strong currency . 
  the norwegian farmers would have to compete with factory farms on the continent which have lower standards of animal health . 
  the reason why norway has such a low amount of antibiotic use in livestock is because regulations favour good animal health through better living conditions , not medicines . 
  yes it does cost the tax payer more in subsidies and more expensive food , but it is a good trade off . 
  this is one of the reasons why i 'm happy we are outside of the eu and cap . 
  intensive factory farming leads to this . 
  same in norway , you can even get them at convenience stores . 
  and where does the money from the scottish budget come from ? 
  fiscal transfers . 
  they want us for our charm ... i mean money . . !, 
  very much so, 
  so the ones who voted for brexit are not good people ? 
  it 's negotiation tactics . 
   norway also does n't have much tourism ( afaik ) , which means you wo n't see large amounts of cars pop up and try to recharge in a remote location . 
  we have plenty of tourists here . 
  and very many of those arrive here by cars and campervans . 
  in the summer some places like the lofoten islands are absolutely crowded with tourists . 
   a tesla which needs 100kwh and needs to recharge in 1 hour will consume 100kw , or 30 times the maximum a 3kw house can consume ( average consumption is around 1kw ) , that 's not a huge amount for one or two cars but when a relatively minor event calls 10k cars we 're looking at 1gwh to recharge , that 's one large town popping up in a place where the infrastructure is quite possibly underdeveloped . 
  they actually did some research on this . 
  the conclusion was that the power grid in norway could handle 1,5 million charging ev 's at a time in 2030 with no problems . 
  one of the reasons for this is that the most common time for charging is at night when the electricity consumption is generally low . 
   i assume norway does n't have that many points of interest , while many eu countries have dozens of cities that may host concerts or football matches , and even minor centers have their own events this is the case in norway as well ? 
  you think we 're just a country in the outskirts of europe that has no cultural events ? 
  actually this makes it even harder for us as the power grid is very spread out with limited capacity to the outskirts . 
  while in a country like italy it is so densely populated that the grid should be more flexible . 
  yep , the nok had been very strong the years prior . 
  keep in mind that norway has a very low population density and is a large country . 
  that complicates ev infrastructure . 
  i 'm sure the eu could easily do the same , they just need to get going . 
  others are catching up . 
  but in the hatchback segment nissan leaf , e-golf , bmw i3 etc is very popular . 
  especially as a second car that you use to and from work as the range is more than adequate . 
  remember that the tesla is an absolute huge car . 
  driving them in a city is n't really optimal . 
  it can happen very fast if there is an economic incentive . 
  the charging infrastructure in norway was horrible just 5 years ago . 
  now you can charge with high speed pretty much everywhere . 
  it is normal for petrol stations to also offer a high speed charger where you pay for charging . 
  this is the future i would imagine . 
  it 's 14 years until this would come to effect . 
  a lot can happen in those years . 
  it 's not long since ev 's were considered small and slow boxes . 
  now you can get regular cars with an electric motor that has decent range . 
  technology is changing so fast that i would imagine that it is not even necessary with a ban . 
  they are very popular in norway atleast . 
  does n't hold back against the nissan leaf for example . 
  self sufficient in that regard as well thanks to fracking . 
  yes but i think we all realize that the eu is more civilized than that . 
  did you even get my point ? 
  why on earth would the uk or even the eu go in to a trade war ? 
  what good would come out of that ? 
  we kind of do the same here in norway to be fair . 
  `` europe '' is kind of distant to us . 
  even in a worst case scenario the uk will not lose 50 % of its export market . 
  demand for british products will not dissappear overnight . 
  wonder how much of that is goods arriving through antwerp and rotterdam . 
  i also doubt they have a problem with a large amount of foreign workers . 
  [ uk households are together with ireland the country in europe that spends the least amount of their income on food ] ( http://wsm.wsu.edu/researcher/wsmaug11_billions.pdf ) . 
  maybe it will rise a few percentage points , but food is very cheap already so i doubt that will be the largest problem . 
  i can take my country as an example . 
  when the oil price hit us the nok lost over 50 % of its value towards the usd and over 20 % against the eur . 
  it did increase food prices a little bit , but in a modern household it does n't really matter . 
   the day china , japan , russia and the eu agree to create a new money for exchange , based on something else than pax-americana , their country is toasted . 
  yeah that 's not going to happen . 
  there is a reason why the usd is the investors favorite . 
  it is by far the most stable currency out there . 
  also the u.s is far less reliant on foreign trade compared to other countries . 
  they may actually be one of the few countries that are pretty much self sufficient . 
  kind of hard to give the workers more powers when the workers are unemployed . 
  not really something people think about . 
  many jobs are already automated due to high labour cost but at the same time unemployment is expected to fall the next few years . 
  having a progressive corporate tax rate sounds like the worst idea ever . 
  large companies would rather move their money abroad . 
  not to mention having a corporate tax rate of 75 % will make it very hard for companies to build equity . 
  no wonder why the poles thought it was a bad idea . 
  or it could have to do with switzerland having a low unemployment rate and very high salaries . 
  the swiss people do n't have anything to gain from it . 
  no it would n't . 
  gdp per capita in the vast majority of u.s states are higher than the eu countries . 
  i think he was referring to gdp per capita ... 
  is this the case for switzerland , ireland and luxembourg as well ? 
  that they lack confidence in their own economy ? 
  you do n't think european companies give a damn about the uk ? 
  they care a hell of a lot about the u.k than slovakia , that 's for sure . 
  yes that is exactly what the average brit wants ... 
  depends on your current wage when you get unemployed . 
  but it would n't surprise me . 
  for most people it 's hardly noticeable . 
  however quite a few people , mostly in the south-west , har lost their jobs in the oil industry . 
  i 'm sure pretty much anyone knows someone who has been laid off . 
  maybe the most noticable effect is the weakened currency which have made going abroad and imported goods more expensive . 
  it must be said that incomes here are pretty high so for most people that does n't mean a decrease in standard of living . 
  there has come some good out of it as well . 
  because of the weakened currency non-oil exports are picking up and tourism just had their best year ever . 
  in addition there has been a higher focus on innovation and entrepreneurship . 
  we have started realizing that we ca n't live off oil forever . 
  the west coast usually refers to the south west coast . 
  troms\u00f8 is categorized as the north . 
  [ with a whopping 5 % unemployment rate ] ( http://statistikk.stavanger.kommune.no/#arbeidsloshet ) ?
