  you can drive 80-90 km/h without any problems on the narrower roads in the summer . 
  in the winter however it can be pretty bad , especially with all the trucks . 
  organisation in the public sector mostly . 
  the transport sector is a brilliant example of inefficiency . 
  when someone wants to reform it the answer from the previous transport minister was : `` we have a tradition of doing things that way in this country '' . 
  just recently it was decided that we are going to increase the speedlimit of some streches of motorway to 110 km/h . 
  so many people are against it even if it 's a totally normal speedlimit in the rest of europe . 
  in other words people there are so many people here that wants to keep the nanny state going . 
  ironically it is these people who appreciate the extra freedoms when going abroad . 
  it 's has been like that in norway too and we are still very conservative . 
  we do n't want change or to try out new things at all . 
  the jante law does n't really mean anything in modern scandinavia . 
  also the economies in scandinavia are more free than the u.s despite what people think . 
  private property rights are very strong here . 
  also laws like the jones act would never have been passed in europe . 
  the u.s is extremely protectionistic . 
  not very free-market is it ? 
   i am hearing that pretty much all of the nordic countries now have large volumes of personal debt , including student loans , in spite of nominally free education ( the housing market in major university towns is dysfunctional beyond most americans ' belief , from what i 've head about sweden ) . 
  how true is this ? 
  it 's very true . 
  [ take a look at this picture which shows debt as a percentage of disposable income ] ( http://www.oecd-ilibrary.org/sites/factbook-2013-en/03/03/02/housdebt_g1.html?itemid=/content/chapter/factbook-2013-28-en ) . 
  in the u.s it is around 120 % while in denmark it is over 300 % !, 
  one ca n't argue against the fact that unemployment benefits are better in scandinavia . 
  but for the average family this does n't really matter . 
  when it comes to material wealth we have it good in scandinavia as well . 
  but basic necessities like food , transportation and housing is pretty expensive . 
  for youth today it is very difficult to enter the housing market . 
  i hear americans complain about it , but they have it pretty easy compared to norwegians . 
  [ take a look at this graph which shows the development in real estate prices ] ( http://static.e24.no/drpublish/images/article/2013/12/03/22654896/1/default/2007559.png ) . 
  it should be no surprise then that the debt spiral keeps increasing . 
   but you do ( or at least did ) have a ton of protections for workers and most industries are collectively bargained so almost no one probably makes < $ 15 an hour . 
  it varies a lot by country . 
  denmark for example has very flexible labour laws . 
  what most americans do n't take in to account when factoring in wages is that everything is a lot more expensive . 
  [ you can see for your self . 
  ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_countries_result.jsp?country1=norway&amp;country2=united+states ) what it basically tells you is that americans can afford 40 % more than a similar norwegian . 
  it is pretty clear when you have been to both countries . 
  cars americans take for granted is something the average norwegian can only dream of owning . 
  funny you would mention social democracy since no scandinavian countries have a minimum wage law . 
  the stock market is far from dead . 
  it 's been going on a rally since 2009 . 
  what happens next though can be interesting . 
  with the stock market doing as good as it has the last years , it really is n't surprising . 
  the increased wages makes up for it . 
  there are cheaper and free alternatives if you get a stipend or go to a state school also . 
  reddit exaggerates everything . 
  atleast in the u.s you are pretty much secured a job compared to a lot of youth in the eu . 
  but as i said there are pros and cons everywhere . 
  what i am tired of is a lot of reddit makes the situation seem much worse than it actually is . 
  some states does n't have a vat . 
  the ones who do have much lower rates than the 25 % that is normal in europe . 
  it 's only the `` poor '' people that have it better in europe . 
  for the majority of the population life is better in the u.s compared to europe . 
  heck , having a low income in the u.s is better than having a low income in france and italy . 
  it 's what most people think . 
  if you are on the bottom 20 % in income you generally have it better in europe . 
  the majority of americans have similar or better living standards compared to european countries . 
  the prices in the u.s are much lower as well as the taxes . 
  when you take in to account that the wages are higher it 's pretty easy to see why . 
  there are things european countries do best and there is things that the u.s does better . 
  to call the u.s undeveloped is very ignorant . 
  too many people think that everything is so much greener over here . 
  we do still have some manufacturing . 
  it 's just that petroleum is the largest export . 
  not to mention sweden and liberal !, 
  i 'm sure communists in government would not make things any better . 
  the last remaining capital would just exit the country over night . 
   the left did n't take power in france . 
  francois hollande is n't the left , at least not the kind of left that i am talking about and that is on track to win the elections in greece . 
  nor did france experience anything remotely close . 
  what kind of left are you talking about then ? 
   of course , austerity in the uk only deepened their recession . 
  furthermore they are experiencing a slightly smaller version of the us ' discouraged workers problem . 
  people from all over europe go to the u.k for work . 
  the situation is not nearly as bad as further down the continent and france . 
  because when the left took power in france the unemployment rate went down and economic growth took speed right away . 
  it was of course the opposite in the u.k with their right-wing govt ... oh wait . 
  more people work here i guess . 
  well he has kind of a point though . 
  did you see the brennpunkt documentary on the issue earlier this year ? 
  that being said i still find it ridiculous that saudi arabia and russia are criticising us . 
  - said no one ever . 
  what i meant by conservative is that we are scared to death by the though of doing things differently . 
  even if that means things take longer time and is less efficient . 
  sweden is very different from norway in that regard . 
  here in norway we still do things less effective even if there is a better way . 
  it 's usually justified by the politicians since `` it has always been that way '' . 
  that 's why building roads take ages here for example . 
  ironically enough our new conservative government is the one that tries to reform this sector . 
  i actually find scandinavian countries and especially norway to be really conservative . 
  it 's not the difficulty that is the reason why norwegian roads are bad . 
  horrible management , low funding and general neglect has all contributed . 
  luckily we have now gotten a good transport minister for the first time in decades . 
  drive north of trondheim and you might change your mind . 
  it 's like a rollercoaster after the frost has done its work . 
   besides from the nav-part , i got it all set !, 
  the language part are a bit tricky though . 
  since you live in rogaland i can imagine the dialect being quite tricky for a foreigner . 
   hehe , i do understand it though . 
  people should be more adaptable , even though there 's such minor differences , we should respect the values and culture of yours , which i see that some swedes can lack the respect of .
