  again , it 's a success story when it comes to state finances , which is something you ca n't deny . 
  this does n't mean that it 's a success story for the average person however . 
  the change of words does n't change that . 
   now , if you think freedom of press , freedom of information and censorship are issues that do not matter , that 's on you . 
  please do n't give me opinions that i do n't have . 
   that is a debatable argument but this is not really the place to talk about that . 
  but even you were right ( which you are not ) this is totally unrelated to the issue at hand . 
  i would be interested in knowing what i said was wrong . 
  i do n't think it 's a unrelated issue since the core of the article is still a stance against austerity policies . 
   what is the problem with the website exactly ? 
  when you read the `` about us '' page and see this it 's pretty clear that this is a very left leaning website : `` we are picking up the baton from where the old masters of the investigative journalism trade left it . 
  from where they were forced to abandon it by media barons , steeped in crony capitalism , beholden to advertisers , over reliant on the easy money of a stock exchange bubble and later mired in debt and unreliability . '', 
   all the incidents mentioned in the article can be independently verified as having occurred . 
  to be honest i do n't even see how this incident even matters . 
  we 're talking about a small change of wording . 
  even if you do n't like austerity and i know it hurts the greeks to go through it was absolutely necessary . 
  when you have a 100 % debt to gdp ratio before the financial crisis you are doing something wrong . 
  if greece wanted to use kaynesian economics when the crisis started , they should have paid down debts when the economy was growing . 
  these measures will save greece in the long run . 
  if greece had more business friendly policies they would have been much better of than they are now . 
  that 's their main issue . 
  totally unbiased site you found there . 
  norway is like switzerland with worse weather . 
  but that figure does n't take in to account the effect it has on the mainland economy . 
  stavanger would for example be a nothing compared to now without the oil and gas industry . 
   it sounds like you 're saying we do n't export mfg goods at all . 
  see kongsberg automotive , ekornes , hexagon , aker , farstad , elkem , yara , etc. 
  we have some manufacturing but the two largest export sectors that contribute to well over 70 % of exports are o&g and fish . 
  these two sectors is something we can control better when we are not a member of the eu . 
  it has a lot to do with how sweden/finland and norway got affected by ww2 . 
  when it comes to the eu it has to do with the difference in economy . 
  sweden and finland are exporters of manufactured goods while norway exports commodities . 
  if sweden was invaded like norway was during ww2 they would have been in nato by now . 
  not to mention that even though 17 trillion sounds a lot , the american economy is absolutely massive . 
  those who invest in u.s debt do n't want it paid back . 
  the u.s only pays interest on their debt . 
  the interest on the debt is very low since they are probably the most secure bonds in the world . 
  if they wanted to pay back the debt , they could just print more dollars . 
  i think it 's the same in pretty much all of europe . 
  in norway the labour and socialist party has turned into parties for academics with no real life work experience . 
  heck , the members of the former centre-left coalition was 16 times wealthier than our current conservative coalition and had twice the amount of millionaires . 
  sounds exactly like norway then !, 
  the majority of americans does n't have to pay thousands of euros in medical bills . 
  it 's the cases where this happens it gets blown up in the media . 
  infrastructure in america is really good though . 
  you got to remember that the cost of living in norway and switzerland is atleast double of that in the u.s. 
  it 's because it is a theory , not something that can be implemented in practice . 
  no capitalist would like his government either . 
  if you only get 1 % interest on your deposits i would seriously consider changing bank or try other investment methods like funds and stocks . 
  if you want maximum returns you would n't deposit your money in a bank anyway . 
  the banks do the investments for them . 
  sweden is suffering because of high youth unemployment . 
  that 's why they come here . 
  they are rather stealing jobs from norwegian youth since employers can pay them less and they would still be happy . 
  in my experience it seems like it 's the eastern europeans who drive around in expensive bmw 's , audi 's and mercedes in norway . 
  those of us who live here ca n't afford it !, 
  or they can get even more indebted . 
  maybe they will reach a 400 % debt to gdp ratio in a few years !, 
  you could have just sent him a pm or messaged the mods to let them know that you think the comment was unnecessary . 
  but enough of this discussion , it 's not adding anything to the topic . 
  i completely agree . 
  but i have seen people on reddit from both sides blaming the other for it . 
  ah , the irony . 
  i find it wierd how countries with right wing governments are blamed when they were in power during the financial crisis . 
  when the left-wing was in charge it is the opposite . 
  because nothing is ever good under a conservative government , duh !, 
  sounds like stoltenberg !, 
  probably the [ lofoten islands ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mrvpb.jpg ) . 
  norway in general is pretty beautiful so it 's hard to decide which landscape is the best . 
  it 's kind of funny that you would mention it . 
  the members of the previous left-wing coalition had 16 times more wealth than our current right-wing coalition . 
  the leaders from the labour party also tends to get elected into international positions in the un and nato which means they get a really high wage which is tax free . 
  at the same time they want us to pay more taxes . 
  does n't really add up . 
  clearly the other countries does n't give the market what it wants while germany does . 
  if anything the southern european countries should have an advantage because of their labour costs . 
  the creation of the eurozone was a mistake in the first place . 
  but since it exist there is only one solution as far as i see it . 
  that is making the ecb able to buy eurobonds like they do in the u.s.  the crisis in greece was caused just as much by germany as greece itself . 
  oh come on . 
  germany carries the entire eurozone on its own . 
  it 's not their fault that they are brilliant in running a country . 
  that would be unfair and send a signal to the eu members that you can spend as much as you 'd like because the ecb will bail you out anyway . 
  it was wrong for greece to join the eurozone with that much debt . 
  if they had not had a 100 % debt to gdp ratio when the crisis hit they may have been able to spend some money . 
  but when you start of in such a horrible place there is not much you can do . 
  china is n't that free market as you 'd think . 
  most of their companies are owned by the government . 
  i do n't see how they can be a superpower without starting to develop something themselves . 
  right now they are just using blueprints from the western countries to manufacture mass produced crap . 
  maybe i would consider them a superpower when they come of with familiar brands like vw , coca-cola , apple , microsoft , bmw and so on . 
  when looking around in my house i actually ca n't find a single item that are developed purely in china . 
  on the other hand it is filled with european and american brands . 
   that 's because you do n't have enough workers . 
  or because we are pushing loads of oil money in to the economy every year . 
   a 3 % unemployment rate is ridiculously low for european standards . 
   i am sure this number is pretty controversial in norway . 
  we have a lot of people on welfare here . 
  actually 1/3 of our state budget goes to pay people that do n't work . 
  it should be noticed however that the numbers for other european countries does n't include welfare recipients either .
