  you are acting like there is no social safety net in the us . 
  they do have subsidised healthcare , public housing , cash transfers and food stamps . 
  i highly doubt life on welfare in the us is in any way worse than living on welfare in many european countries . 
  i do n't really see the problem . 
  as it says in the article most people with that type of contract are young and often under education . 
  i do n't know how it works in france , but in norway it is pretty common for students to work a little on the side to get a little extra income . 
  not all people are looking for a full time job . 
  the minimum wage in the us is higher than that . 
  not to mention cost of living is in general lower as well . 
  yes it really is . 
  10 % + unemployment rate in the u.s would n't even be tolerated while it is the norm in countries like france and italy . 
  that 's because it is faster . 
  i have driven oslo to northern norway several times and all of them along the e6 . 
  while the standard is n't always the greatest it is no problem if you just drive sensible . 
  the traffic is pretty low as well minimizing the risk of head on collitions . 
  in a few years the road will actually be pretty good as they are upgrading the stretch in helgeland . 
  okay that makes sense . 
  but you usually get into a slid at a low speed because of the bad roads , which leads to less damage . 
  if you are not part of a union there is nothing stopping you from negotiating salaries individually . 
  living alone in a 50 m2 apartment in poland . 
  usually there is plenty of companies that want to build more , but the city is n't fast enough with processing building permits . 
  that 's the case in oslo atleast . 
  my impression from living here in poland is that people actually drive pretty new cars . 
  but if that were the case norway would n't be on top as the road infrastructure is garbage . 
  i like the system we have in norway . 
  basically the employer sets aside 12 % of your annual income which will be paid out tax free in the following summer . 
  for christmas you only pay half the tax . 
  yeah i do n't see the nordics joining in on that either . 
  i do n't know how it works in your country , but having rural votes count more is n't only something we find in the u.s. 
  in the norwegian parliament the county of finnmark has the most representatives per capita while oslo has the lowest . 
  it 's needed since in the capital people could n't give less of a shit about what happens in the far north . 
  was 18 degrees today here in silesia . 
  a week ago it was snowing !, 
  i 'm sure he is implying that since his girlfriend is from belarus , she takes care of the communication . 
  that is my experience from my university back home and at the university i study at here in poland . 
  must be something about the spanish people . 
  the other exchange students are much more willing to go out of their comfort zone however . 
  hmm the proposal for a new abortion law comes to mind . 
  because i feel like it is getting better and better . 
  but what do i know , i just live here . 
  average income tax is around 25-27 % . 
  you may think that . 
  but labour laws are pretty flexible and regulations are business friendly in the germanic countries . 
  so it is rather the opposite . 
  it has a small population and let nato use their airports and infrastructure . 
  that 's a question for the politicians . 
  not if the companies that own the licences are located in a tax haven . 
  that 's the same prices you pay in norway . 
  surprised finland was the same !, 
  sadly i did n't get to try it , probably i was there in the off season as garlic in the supermarkets were almost exclusively from spain . 
  the extras will probably be compensated by the increased amount of guests on the weekend . 
  earning on average more than $ 20/hr seems pretty common among my american peers , which is more than what you would earn as a waiter in norway . 
  when it comes to low paid professions , the waiters in the u.s do n't have it bad . 
  plenty of other professions however is n't paid as good . 
  did n't notice much difference to be honest . 
  a lot of the garlic in norway is imported from china and the quality and taste is the same as the one from spain that i ate while in poland . 
  u.s waiters probably earns more with tips than the fin though . 
  does n't surprise me to be honest . 
  in rural areas there is nothing else to do than drinking and have sex . 
  add the fact that people generally suck at using protection and you end up with young mothers . 
  it 's the same in europe too . 
  you can easily find places in that state in countries such as france and uk . 
  however it is easy to forget that not all parts of europe is nice . 
  southern europe has huge unemployment issues , incomes are low in the east and in the west not everything is as rosy as many make it sound . 
  there are plenty of rough areas in europe too . 
  there are countries in europe where people work longer . 
  ireland for example . 
  median is still higher than most european countries . 
  student loans are a thing in europe too though . 
  i will graduate with close to 32k $ when done with my degree here in norway . 
  as a norwegian i did n't see brown eggs until i went abroad . 
  with heavy tariffs on many items . 
  what can be produced in norway will be produced here . 
  something that the cap would not allow us to do as we would have to open up to cheap eu imports from germany and france . 
  yes not much to complain about !, 
  however wages should be lowe in other nordics , but still higher than eu average for sure . 
  when i was working at a typical minimum wage job in norway ( retail ) i earned about $ 20/hr with extras for evenings and weekends . 
  for example would i earn $ 30/hr working on a saturday . 
  our currency is weaker now so the difference is n't as large anymore . 
  switzerland is more expensive . 
  why would you get paid minimum wage with a degree ? 
  it was a little bit tongue in cheek . 
  it does indeed look like it is slowly improving . 
  but one can imagine that the bad planning and governance has also been the case with belgian prisons . 
   we should also be realistic and some countries simply do n't have the means to have prisons as good as ours , but belgium does . 
  have you seen the housing and infrastructure in belgium and especially in wallonia ? 
  [ this are the pictures from his cell ] ( http://www.nettavisen.no/nyheter/3200100.html ) . 
  does n't seem very nice to me . 
  not to mention the constant isolation from society . 
  also keep in mind that what may look like a basic standard of living for norwegians may look more luxurious to foreigners . 
  because the articles only shows prisons where people have commited small crimes or where people serve the end of their sentence . 
  not to say that norwegian prisons are bad , but they are not as luxurious as people make them if you are convicted of a serious crime . 
  i guess it depends on personal preference . 
  i really liked warsaw because it is such a modern city and the old town is beautiful . 
  very lucky . 
  however there is a kind of `` loophole '' in norwegian car taxes when it comes to plug-in hybrids which means they pretty much have no taxes at all . 
  the leads to cars like the volvo xc90 t8 and bmw x5 40e being super popular despite not being environmentaly friendly and having large engines . 
  actually not . 
  google oecd tax wedge ( on my phone now ) . 
  for example is both denmark and norway pretty much in the middle of the chart .
