  how is it not relevant ? 
  other countries have cut its interest rates long time ago because of a weak growth outlook . 
  the ecb is n't going to increase rates either during the next months . 
  yes uk growth outlook has weakened , but so is the case for eurozone growth too following the vote . 
  the boe interest rate is still higher than the ecb and several other eu countries . 
  neither is switzerland, 
  that 's often the case in the military as well . 
  the reason is that family members are easier to get through the necessary security clearances . 
  not to mention the nordics that are a huge part of europe but always ignored . 
  depends how you look at it . 
  economically scandinavia is quite right wing in regards to private businesses and free markets . 
  socially we are quite left wing though . 
  it depends on location sure . 
  but the places i have been too ( h\u00f8gskolen i s\u00f8r\u00f8st-norge and uit hammerfest ) they have been pretty worn out . 
  it 's nicer than norwegian dorms too . 
  says a lot . 
  not necessarily if subisidies continue . 
  one of the main reasons why us norwegians do n't want in on the eu is that we fear that our countryside will be overgrown and the focus will turn to large scale farming . 
  it 's the only way to compete on a single market against factory farms in germany and france . 
  i do n't see why . 
  swiss and norwegian farmers have it very good . 
  and they pay them via their own budgets . 
  so just because your country has bad experiences with it means that other countries will also have it ? 
  you can reduce unemployment by devaluating , but it does n't heal the structural problems . 
  on the other hand these same structural problems can be worsened if you have a whole generation of people struggling to get work experience . 
  when i look at belgiums unemployment rate of 8,5 % i ca n't help but think that i rather have some structural problems than an unemployment rate of more than 5 % . 
  i think that will hurt more in the long run . 
  looking at the unemployment rate of ez countries it does n't exactly seem like these structural problems are being tackled either since they all have high unemployment . 
   that is not a fair statement and you know it . 
  if you are not very sick or miss your arms and/or legs there really should n't be a problem finding one . 
  many people are not willing to do what it takes though if it means moving or getting a better education . 
  you need to go where the jobs are , not expect them to come to you . 
  why not both instead of one way or the other ? 
  i know that norway is much better off after the oil price plummeted because of our currency that weakened conciderably . 
  i have n't noticed any difference in living standards either . 
  generally doing some sort of community service for benefits is something i support . 
  working for free for companies is another thing . 
  people are usually on benefits for a reason . 
  if you really want a job you will be able to get one . 
  either by not being picky or improve your skills . 
  pretty much every person that i 've spoken to that are on benefits tend to blame society instead of themselves . 
  some people are also sick in one way or another , but that 's different . 
  how many j.k rowlings are there among 120k people that are on benefits one might wonder . 
  maybe it is , but there is usually a reason why they are on unemployment benefits in the first place . 
  lack of schooling , bad attitude towards work , psychological problems etc. 
  people i 've talked to that is on welfare also tends to blame the community instead of themselves for the situation they are in . 
  the government did some testing with community work for benefits in norway . 
  the results have been pretty good . 
  first of all i doubt people on benefits starving . 
  also people that are on benefits are not really the kind of people that writes award winning books . 
  what 's important is the ability to pay the debt as it matures . 
  if we look at interest rates it seems like investors are not that worried about losing their investment . 
  i find this government to be much more effective at implementing policies compared to the red greens . 
  i find it the opposite . 
  venstre and krf is those who ruin everything . 
  would much prefer a coalition of only h and frp . 
  the debt is being payed off . 
  just not all at once . 
  because in these countries the government starts to take control over businesses , intervenes heavily in the markets and makes it unattractive to investors . 
  in norway it 's the opposite . 
  private ownership is encouraged , the markets are mostly free and the government tries to attract foreign investment . 
  im sure the benefits greatly outweighs the costs . 
  heard the scare propaganda ever since they entered government . 
  surprise surprise , everything is doing fine . 
  norway is n't socialist though . 
  sounds like norway to be honest . 
  roads have been crumbling for decades and now they are finally being upgraded . 
  roadsworks everywhere though . 
  nothing more sexy than a car that sounds like a tractor . 
  if you want nice engine noise petrol is the way to go . 
  that 's mostly personel cost though . 
  the cost of equipment is the same and we are buying lots of it at the moment . 
  that 's literally what i earn in two to three days here , and that 's with a shitty salary . 
  how can you live off that ? 
  even simple retail jobs get thousands of applications . 
  i think we have enough workers to fill open positions . 
  how is it anymore poison than sugar and high fat foods that are already available ? 
  if people want to eat pink slime why should we stop them ? 
  it 's not like you will be forced to eat it . 
  in norway there is government minimum wages for [ certain sectors ] ( http://www.arbeidstilsynet.no/fakta.html?tid=240096 ) . 
  sectors that are not one of those mentioned on the site do n't have a minimum wage . 
  this means that employers are free to pay as little as they want and if the business and employee are not unionized there is little you can do about it . 
  however businesses tend to follow the general minimum wages between business conferedations and unions to keep it simple , even if they are not required to . 
  is n't the companies on the ftse250 index mainly operating in the uk ? 
  11,6 % in norway . 
  denmark and norway also has those things but with a lower unemployment rate . 
  as someone who works at a supermarket , please do n't . 
  loads of countries have huge amounts of oil while their economy is shit . 
  to claim that norway has just been lucky is ignorant considering living standards were at western levels before we even found oil . . 
  why not have low unemployment and a low amount of poor workers like in scandinavia ? 
  you do have the opportunity to work in holidays etc though . 
  it 's actually quite shocking that this is n't discussed more . 
  here in norway the situation is very different . 
  pretty much every job , even unskilled pays more than 2500 $ net . 
  the average wage for it employees is around 5900 $ gross . 
  meanwhile you can get a decent place to live for between 1000-1500 eur a month . 
  the unemployment rate is also low so if you really want a job , it 's no problem getting one . 
  it 's usually full time as well . 
  all of this makes it pretty easy to move out at an early age . 
  i am however curious if there is a cultural difference in this as well .
