  [ thank god for university internet !, 
  ] ( http://www.speedtest.net/result/3693911004.png ) romania is lucky though , being able to build a network from scratch . 
  here there is a lot of adsl , but fiber is becoming more and more available . 
  it 's expensive though !, 
  i blame the lack of competition . 
  they already earn the same if not more than a factory wage as well as paying less taxes . 
  the results would n't surprise me . 
  everyone i have met does n't care about cannabis legalization . 
  people have more important issues on their hands , especially now . 
   what you can see here is that it is actually quite efficient to hire a danish employee . 
  danish employers have to pay a relatively high income tax for their employees , but still denmark is at the bottom of this chart ( i.e. 
  less costly to employ ) . 
  which is useless when you do n't factor in wage levels and productivity . 
  [ danish workers are less productive than belgians therefore it may still be more worth it in the end . 
  ] ( http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=pdb_gr )  in most other countries , employers and employees are forced to pay stuff like social security and health insurance . 
  we handle everything over taxes in denmark . 
  does that mean you get a better system ? 
  it does n't have to be since both norway and sweden handle healthcare and social security through dedicated taxes . 
  does n't mean the service is better in denmark though . 
   we also have stuff that they do n't have in most other european countries , like the study grants that give each student $ 1000/month for studying ( not a loan ) as well as cheap student loans like elsewhere . 
  the money covered by grants is probably the only benefit that is a little better in denmark than other countries . 
  is it worth paying 50 % tax for ? 
  i do n't think so . 
   we have various other kinds of transfer payments , at the top of my head there 's boligst\u00f8tte which is support for renters , high child support . 
  not unique to denmark . 
   and lots of money spent on infrastructure and culture . 
  how do you define lots ? 
  everything is relative . 
  the infrastructure in denmark is on par with the rest of the western countries . 
  not to mention that denmark is a very tiny country which makes it very easy to build infrastructure . 
  culture spending is also something that does n't really matter . 
  why should i pay for some mediocre artist or painter to be able to live of his work if it 's not sustainable without public support ? 
   that is a moot point . 
  norway is still much wealthier even when you compare at purchasing power parity . 
  maybe because we do n't tax people as much as in denmark !, 
   most western countries do not have the same level of welfare at all , not sure where you get that from ? 
  you 're from norway , you should know better . 
  so countries like the netherlands , germany , austria and france does not have free schooling , free healthcare and unemployment benefits ? 
   yeah , and that is a huge part of the budget . 
  not at all compared to other oil producing countries . 
  also it 's not like 100 % of the budget goes to welfare . 
  the state waste a whole lot of money so with a little more efficiency we could reduce costs by atleast 10 % with no problem at all . 
   and that 's not counting the higher wage in general in norway that come about as part of the petroleum sector ( 20-25 % of gdp ) which results in a higher portion of taxable income . 
  the higher wages also result in higher costs . 
  around 25 % actually . 
  that means that even if we use more money on something , it does n't mean that we get more of it . 
  then your welfare state has to be horribly inefficient considering most western countries have the same level of welfare while paying less taxes . 
  most of norway 's welfare state is actually paid for by regular taxes that does n't have anything to do with the oil industry . 
  around 10 % of the state budget is financed with petroleum money . 
  that 's insane . 
  i know that no one here would have accepted a 50 % tax rate !, 
  i do n't know anyone who pays 50 % tax . 
  the average person in norway pays around 30 % . 
  really ? 
  i have never seen so many empty shelves in my life . 
  usually it 's just a few items missing , but they either get it later or another store has it . 
  on the motorways in the southeast the speedlimits are 110 km/h, 
  i know that a lot of countries who have just found large natural resources look to norway as an inspiration on how to manage the money . 
   as i said in another comment the massive sovereign wealth fund for a small population is good for future security too . 
  the way norway had handled their state finances ever since the war has been absolutely brilliant . 
  the number one priority for politicians regardless of where they have been at the political spectrum has been to keep people working . 
  that means that unemployment has always been low , even during recessions . 
  the sovereign wealth fund is also going to help a lot during harder times . 
   norway has a lot going for it it seems . 
  it 's pretty great , but there are some things that need improvement . 
  rail and road infrastructure comes to mind . 
  in the next 10 years however we are going to invest around 72 billion euros in infrastructure so it 's going to be a huge improvement . 
  i can see already when driving around that there a lot of roadworks and freshly paved asphalt !, 
  norwegians like to complain about how expensive things are . 
  but when compared to income it evens out pretty good . 
  your average grocery job pays like $ 18 per hour + added pay when working weekends and nights to give a perspective . 
  not to mention people here have no problem finding a job . 
  it 's nearly impossible to fail at life here . 
  you can really say you are living life on easy mode !, 
  if you buy all your drinks out then sure . 
  if you buy some beforehand it 's not that expensive . 
  you can only do this with best before products though . 
  if they are labeled `` use-by '' it 's not allowed to sell it , atleast in norway . 
  to be fair , it 's only in lower paying jobs like in retail you have a higher quality of life in norway . 
  because things are so expensive , highly skilled jobs pay better abroad . 
  if i would still keep a norwegian salary however it would be a simple choice !, 
  in case you did n't understand , it 's annoying from a norwegian , swiss , icelandic etc. 
  view to never get included in these posts . 
  you mean the `` x of the eu '' posts ... . 
  [ from the city of harstad in northern norway ] ( http://www.speedtest.net/result/3672884728.png ) . 
  supposed to have 50/50 but oh well . 
  i would still prefer norway to romania even though the internet is slightly faster in the former country . 
  it was forest fires in the middle of the winter in norway . 
  if it has n't rained and the grass is dry , it can happen pretty easily . 
  norway can actually pay off the greek debt and still have a negative debt to gdp ratio !, 
  how are they going to work hard when there is n't many jobs available in the first place ? 
  guess you kind of get used to building tunnels here . 
  that 's why they are pretty decent . 
  just like crossing the border into norway from sweden . 
  it could be worse . 
  you could be driving on norwegian roads ... 
  meanwhile in norway we have a lack of labour and need to import it . 
  this is despite automation . 
  i assume there is n't much public support of it either . 
  a poll in norway showed that only 13 % were positive to legalize it .
