  crime also is an added cost . 
  think of treatment for the victim and the justice system for the criminal . 
  anti-immigrant are mostly against immigration because of the costs that occur . 
  which is a highly realistic concern . 
  or left wing parties that are run by ideology and not realism . 
  that 's not my experience with norwegian christians at all . 
  in norway the 1 % owns 19 % of the wealth while the top 10 % owns 50,2 % . 
  for income the 10 % earn around 22 % . 
  puts it in perspective really . 
  i would argue that good salaries for lower wage earners is the main reason for the lower inequality in scandinavian countries . 
  no it 's not . 
  i 'm sure krak\u00f3w will be good once finished . 
  but having to check in your bags at the old terminal was a hassle , mostly because the signage was bad . 
  we do n't get it in norway either anymore . 
  it does work . 
  it just requires less immigration and good cooperations between businesses and unions . 
   yes , there is a limited amount of wealth in a country . 
  you can put it that way , but we are nowhere near having reached that point . 
  no country has reached it 's full potential output and wealth . 
  i do n't think we are even close to getting there either . 
  so in a way we could say that yes , wealth is limited , but the cap is located so high that it 's not really an issue . 
   the fact that not everyone can own a huge house in hollywood is not simply a political decision and not even a question of economy . 
  which is also why not everyone can be a billionaire , and that if everyone was equally poor it would n't mean that you would be the one owning a property there . 
  inequality is a part of life , and people need to start realizing this . 
   these resources have to be allocated one way or another , and for those of us that do n't belong to the upper 1 % , it is in our interests that the wealthiest do n't get to squander most of the resources for their private enjoyment . 
  i do n't think that the 1 % is using so much resources that it 's a problem for the rest . 
  a billionaire do n't need any more food than someone else for example . 
  today a major problem is that we do n't get to use the manpower and knowledge to the fullest since there is still a lot of unemployment . 
   i think we can conclude that the currently adopted version of capitalism failed to do its job properly and it needs tweaking it 's a problem in many parts of the world . 
  but i think we have done very well here in norway . 
  you can earn as much money as you want . 
  but if you work a shitty job , you still get paid enough to have a good life . 
  rich peoples wealth comes mostly from stock value , so basically it comes from the general public in the form of savings . 
  the wealth of those on top would most likely not be affected if wages for the lower earners increase as the wealth is not liquid . 
  growing wealth inequality is a large problem , but i see too many people arguing that taking away wealth at the top is the solution . 
  why not focus on increasing wages for the low earners instead ? 
  we manage to have low inequality here in scandinavia despite having no wealth cap . 
  instead low earners earn more . 
   the problem is that when one person accumulates so much wealth that leaves the rest unable to accumulate any . 
  you are assuming that there is a limited amount of wealth in a country , but that is not the case . 
  companies do n't get prosecuted because what they are doing is n't illegal . 
   also , if you redistrubute the money from the rich to the poor , they 'll pay their taxes from the new earned money so the state looses none . 
  you do this by increasing wages on the lower side , not taking money from the top . 
  that 's basically why scandinavia has low inequality . 
  why not focus on increasing the incomes of those with lower income instead of taking wealth from the top ? 
  a poor person do n't give a fuck if some rich guy has a few million less if his situation is the same . 
  i 'm sure you have already done that when creating your google and facebook account . 
  it 's pretty bad when people have bothered to make a wikipedia article about it !, 
  we 'll have to see about that . 
  need to hire some consultants on the project for 5 years first to see if we should spend that money . 
  it 's only 15 million for the consultants so no big deal !, 
  i would imagine . 
  yet we keep hearing that if we reduce taxes we have to reduce welfare . 
  why not stop wasting money on expensive consultants and do proper research before buying things ... 
  you 're not the only ones wasting money like champions . 
  [ this diving tower ] ( http://www.dagbladet.no/2015/06/10/nyheter/innenriks/hamar/stupetarn/budsjettsprekk/39595868/ ) cost the municipality 23 million nok ( 2,4 $ million ) and took 7 years to complete !, 
  i do n't :( but to be honest i think it would be good for us to actually have to prioritize our spending . 
  why is n't regular cooperation enough ? 
  trading and maintaining bilateral agreements ? 
  the west has pretty similar interests and i 'm sure that if it was needed they could go together to figure out something . 
  i do n't ever see a federalized europe work , the different countries have such different views on things . 
  just look at the recent events regarding greece and the refugees . 
  there is a reason why norway is not in the eu . 
  the fishing and agricultural policies of the union would absolutely destroy these sectors that are important to us . 
  so even common decisions can make things worse , just look at the euro ... 
  why would it be much different 50 years on ? 
  i think it will rather be quite the opposite as the world are become more peaceful so large alliances are n't that necessary . 
  in the cold war you actually needed alliances to keep the russians away . 
  right now no one has anything to gain from military confrontation in regards to business etc. 
  well , you already have quite a few of those . 
  a more american style city looks refreshing in my opinion . 
  exports and general industrial production can differ . 
  well one thing is for sure . 
  i would not be happy if policies that would affect my country greatly was going to be decided by italian , french or german politicians that i have no connection to what so ever . 
  i always see people use relevance as an argument for federalization . 
  but then how can some of the most relevant economies today be city states like singapore , dubai and hong kong ? 
  i know that feel . 
  saw a bottle of norwegian vodka in poland for like 1/4th of the price back home . 
  a few more highrises and that could very well have been a picture of a u.s city !, 
  well you do tax them though . 
  the thing about ireland is that the tax is so low that corporations actually pay it instead of messing with their accounts to reduce it as much as possible . 
  is it really that much of a difference though ? 
  it 's winterfood here in norway  it 's of course not a necessity , just like going to the cinema is n't either . 
  i 'm just not a fan of taxing stuff to make them much more expensive than what they are really worth . 
  in norway a doctor earn nearly 3 times as much as a mcdonalds employee . 
  is n't that an incentive ? 
  both employees live a good life , but the doctor can afford more luxuries . 
  income does n't matter much in scandinavia as you are pretty much guaranteed being middle class . 
  if you work at mcdonalds full time you can have a decent life . 
  most people find better employment after some years though . 
  either that or people are ignorant and likes to scaremonger . 
  my bet is on the latter . 
  thank you eu !, 
  if you inflate the prices of a product to be much higher than the actual market price it does n't make the product it self a luxury , just more costly . 
  well , it can work to reduce the amount . 
  but it creates a culture of binge drinking instead . 
  same over here . 
  wierd how that is even allowed , to give away sovereignity like that !, 
  regulation is one thing . 
  enforcing it is another .
