hey , that 's the nickname of the city of troms\u00f8 !, 
  these things are pretty much implemented in germany already ... 
  what about other countries that bailed out banks and did n't get their debt out of control ? 
  it 's bad management from the belgian government . 
  will probably get it delivered at the door or post office anyways . 
  so you are saying that norway and iceland are not fishing sustainable ? 
  that 's would be quite ironic considering we live of it . 
  it 's not about disputes over fishing grounds . 
  but more the fact that other eu vessels are going to start fishing in our fishing grounds . 
  we do n't want that . 
  i 'm not arguing that lack of coverage is a genuine issue in the u.s. 
  but a lot of it is greatly exaggerated . 
  you do realize that there are plenty of government and charitible programs that help poorer people with healthcare in the u.s ? 
  the media seems to make it sound a lot worse than it actually is . 
  or they do n't want to be subject to eu 's horrible fishing policy ? 
  from your brother in the east do n't do it . 
  we are both dependent on our fishing industry and the eu does n't have a good fishing policy at all . 
  for norway atleast the problem is n't equipment , procedures or doctors . 
  rather the long waiting lists for non-urgent treatments . 
  no american would accept having to wait half a year for such a procedure . 
  works great in france ... 
  it 's because we have been independent and able to run our countries our way . 
  why does some bureaucrats in brussels think they can run the country better than those who live in it ? 
  in norway the eu demand that we privatize our rail sector . 
  why should we abandon a system that has worked for us ? 
  another example is hurtigruten , which is a company that operates ships with passangers and cargo along the norwegian coast . 
  it 's a private company , but has gotten public support since it has a cultural value . 
  in 2011 the eu said this was not legal according to eu rules . 
  luckily they have gone through a savings program so that they are slowly turning a profit . 
  it would be a shame if such a cultural treasure would end because of some eu bureacrats . 
  why ca n't they leave us alone and let us run the country our way ? 
  why does n't it count ? 
  we do pretty find without it . 
  the eu is a failed project in many ways . 
  cool that you like them . 
  do n't really see them that much nowadays though !, 
  one of the smartest choices you have ever done . 
  thumbs up for sovereign currencies !, 
  pretty much every manager in the norwegian top league is swedish . 
  maybe you are on to something . 
  i would love to visit finland one day . 
  i actually have some finnish ancestry !, 
  you also make fantastic licorice . 
   on a scale from one to ten , you norwegians are most definitely best nordics . 
  norway is love , norway is life . 
  aww thank you < 3 love denmark too . 
  friendly and happy people , beautiful in the summer and i love your cute bakeries !, 
   you sure you do n't wan na be one country with us again ? 
  promise to be nicer this time . 
  nice try !, 
  but the oil will have to stay on our side . 
  maybe we can find a deal where we share parts of it for some cheap beer ? 
  pretty nice in southern norway atm too . 
  around 10-15 degrees . 
  you do see the snow on the mountaintops though . 
  uae is great for some people but honestly horrible for a lot ( immigrant labourers ) . 
  not too mention it would be way to hot for me !, 
  sure . 
  just pointing it out  i would rather live here though !, 
  not really . 
  when they combine several funds sure . 
  but not a single one that is as large . 
  when reading the other replies it seems like the same is true for the three countries listed though . 
  in scandinavia it is normal to round up . 
  but there is not a set percentage you should tip . 
  stop falling . 
  we need monies too !, 
   so we can use it abroad and foreigners can use their visa cards or mastercards in danish shops . 
  has it become better ? 
  i remember it being pretty difficult to find shops that accepted normal visa when travelling in denmark a few years ago . 
  i hope you are joking . 
  [ helgelandskysten ] ( http://mypublix.net/images/1118/helgelandskysten_01.jpg ) ( helgeland coast ) in the summer is extremely beautiful !, 
  in the wintertime visit troms\u00f8 and the general area around there . 
  you may get lucky and see the northern lights . 
  norway to sweden . 
  it has gotten better in the last few years but there is a lot of work to do . 
  the problem is that it is only a couple of years ago when all new roads had to be frost proof . 
  it basically took them 100 years to realize that we have winter in this country and need to build roads that can handle it . 
  but we are going to spend a lot of money on infrastructure in the next years so in 5-10 years i think the road network will be pretty good . 
  in northern norway however it 's hopeless . 
  it 's the same i feel when crossing the border to sweden ... 
  do n't think that is the reason to be honest . 
  if we go by regions rogaland has the lowest with 1,8 % unemployment . 
  if we go by municipality utsira has the lowest with 0,3 % . 
  hold torsken !, 
  good economic policies  and a littlebit of oil . . just a little bit ... or a lot ... yes a lot ... 
  we have 3,4 % for the entire country here in norway !, 
  she is not from a particulary upper-class family no . 
  the members of the current conservative coalition is actually 16 times poorer than the previous labour led coalition . 
  something that is extremely ironic indeed . 
  i was talking about their current leader jonas gahr st\u00f8re . 
  the leader of the norwegian labour party grew up in an upper-class neighborhood in oslo and was actually a member of the conservative party . 
  add liquidity to the market . 
  in other words qe like it has been done in the u.s and u.k. 
  hey , do n't expose our secret !, 
  ingen problem \u00e5 leve p\u00e5 det. 
  not at all in retail and service jobs . 
  it clearly is a problem when the dollar is so desirable that despite qe the currency is still strong . 
   if denmark counts their student aid as social protection and sweden does n't than it 's no wonder that denmark is spending more in this regard . 
  i assume the definition is the same as the united nations research institute for social development has defined it .
