  i know that most of them want a job , but at the same time some of them do n't . 
   page 31 of this oecd report shows that you 're completely wrong about that . 
  there 's an , on average , 10 percentage point difference between the employment rate of lowly and highly educated immigrants from non-oecd countries and native born , and closer to 15 % at a medium level of education . 
  for a demographic that globally seeks jobs more desperately than natives , that 's pretty telling . 
  interesting . 
  i know some immigrants have trouble getting their degrees transferred to be valid in norway . 
  that may be the reason . 
   how are they going to adapt to your culture if the overwhelming majority of norwegians are n't willing to help them learn it ? 
  we do n't ? 
  we give them everything they need to learn it . 
  we give them norwegian classes , we offer their kids free school and we have lots of programs to help them integrate . 
  some of the work they have to do themselves . 
   you know what , i 'm going to stop here . 
  i ca n't be arsed , you completely ignored most of my points , particularly about norwegian-immigrant culture and how xenophobic rhetoric is supposed to help them integrate better . 
  if you 're just going to pick and choose , and then point to one success story of an immigrant that 's been coopted by a right wing xenophobic populist group , then i have no time for you . 
  i hope you live out the rest of your life in peace , or something . 
  what i see is a total lack of understanding of how the norwegian society and politics work . 
  that you call the progress party a `` right wing xenophobic populist group '' just shows it . 
  the best part is that you come from australia , a country known for its very strict immigration policies . 
  compare the progress parties policies to australian and asian countries in general . 
  they seem very liberal on the issue compared to them . 
  [ i also find it interesting that progress is the second most popular party among immigrants ] ( http://www.vg.no/nyheter/innenriks/valg-2009/artikkel.php?artid=578236 ) . 
  they must be pretty racist then !, 
   you think that the problem with immigrant employment is because they do n't want to find jobs ? 
  when people with non scandinavian names apply for jobs in scandinavia , they are far more likely to get turned down than locals . 
  this is a study done in sweden , yes , but i 'm more familiar with the case there and i 'm pretty sure you can generalize the results to norway as well . 
  the problem is n't that immigrants ` do n't want to find jobs ' , it 's that the process for them to get jobs is a great deal more arduous and fraught with xenophobia . 
  in a traditionally homogeneous society like norway 's this is understandable , though not condonable . 
  norway accepted these people into their country , made them citizens , guaranteed them a way of life there , but because norwegian society is still closed to outsiders this life is increasingly difficult to live in , especially when you 're a single immigrant or a small family that has no social networks to depend upon arrival in norway . 
  no , i think the majority is interested in working here . 
  the problems are related to integration . 
  there is also a lot of problems with getting immigrant women to work . 
  this is because their husbands live in the stone age . 
  the most important thing is to work with cultural understanding . 
  this means that immigrants must understand how our society works . 
  a lot can be done if we reduce immigration . 
  this will actually help those who already arrived here . 
  i live in a small municipality with around 5000 inhabitants . 
  the immigrants who live here is integrated to society . 
  this is because the municipality is good at arranging activities so people can interact with them . 
  another factor is that they are pretty few , this means that they have to interact with natives . 
  another municipality experienced the same , the only difference is that they started to accept more people because of their experience . 
  what happened ? 
  they got consentrated around one area and now they struggle to get them integrated . 
  in oslo this is very easy to see . 
  how can you integrate people when 99 % of the kids at school are immigrants ? 
   my mother was an immigrant to australia . 
  she was a highly educated doctor ( head of a department at a hospital ) people with higher education have no trouble finding a job here . 
  i actually had an immigrant from asia as a doctor for a few years , now it 's a swede . 
  the problem is those who have no education . 
   i think the problem with immigration in scandinavia does n't tend to be the immigrants . 
  it 's the closed off scandinavian societies where , if you live in a big city where most immigrants go , do n't speak to their neighbours , do n't know their names , and assume that ` society ' or ` the government ' will integrate immigrants , as if it happens by osmosis . 
  your government , the people your society elected to run the country and represent them , chose to let immigrants in . 
  you , as a society , now have a collective responsibility for the good of your own society to make their transition into mainstream norwegian life as painless as possible . 
  just looking at it pragmatically , if you do n't want a permanent ghettoized underclass of darker citizens living in your country for generations , norwegians have to stop hiding behind their government and politicians and try to form some kind of mutual understanding themselves . 
  this has always been the case in scandinavia . 
  what do you expect us to do ? 
  we are shy by nature . 
  also it 's those who come here who should adapt to our culture , not the other way around . 
   but maybe it 's too late . 
  maybe , thanks to more then a decade now of ` immigrants just do n't integrate ' , xenophobia , populist politicians complaining about immigration and newspaper articles portraying immigrants as criminals , that all directly prey on and impact those darker skinned people that you have living in norway , has made them feel like such outsiders and helped cement a culture of them being resentful to mainstream norwegian culture , where older brother/sisters tell younger ones not to bother to get a job , or not to bother doing well at school - because the native born norwegians are against you anyway and would n't want to give you a job either , that native norwegians just do n't want you there . 
  after all , that 's what they read in the paper , hear from their politicians , and see from untrusting eyes on the street . 
  this is simply not true . 
  i dare you to look at norwegian television . 
  it shows lots of positive things about immigrants aswell . 
  we love to see immigrants succeed . 
  if the immigrants have the attitude that they should just give up , then maybe they should look a little into themselves . 
  they should group up and together show the will to work and integrate . 
  if they just give up there is no suprise why the countries they come from look the way they are . 
   this is why i 'm not a fan of populist politicians and their xenophobic platforms , like sverigedemokraterna , dansk folkeparti , or fremskrittspartiet . 
  every time they rail against immigrants and immigration policy , what they 're really doing is sending a big fuck you to all the people that emigrated to norway and strengthening the differences between native and immigrant born norwegians . 
  i think fremskrittspartiets [ himanshu gulati ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/himanshu_gulati ) would disagree . 
   as for the ` gypsies ' , yes , there are criminal gangs that run around , commit crime , and try and abuse the fuck out of the system which comprise of ` gypsies ' . 
  but do you say ` fucking french ' when you hear of a french person committing a crime in norway , or try and abuse the norwegian system , or do you put it down to just that individual ? 
  no , because the french takes distance from these actions . 
  for gypsies it 's a way of life . 
  when breivik commited the terror attack , norwegians stood together to show that we did n't accept these actions . 
  when jihadists blow themselves up in the middle-east this does n't happen . 
  they should go together and show that they do n't accept that behaviour . 
  i think the press should be neutral . 
  that means that for example both the positive and negative effects of immigration gets debated . 
  in sweden only the positives gets shown . 
  major democratic issue in my opinon . 
   what do you expect coming from a guy that thinkg that immigrants that come to europe have money , houses , benefits thrown at them , and most do n't even bother to get a job . 
  [ 1 ] pardon me for questioning immigration policies . 
  i just want norway to remain a prosperous country well into the future . 
  [ each immigrant that come to norway costs our society 4,1 million nok ] ( http://www.hegnar.no/okonomi/article725638.ece ) . 
  yes , immigrants gets housing for free when they come here . 
  money aswell . 
  i think it is the right thing to do to avoid people ending up homeless . 
  what i am worried about though is if the welfare benifits are to generous and makes immigrants not motivated to work . 
  [ take a look at these numbers ] ( http://www.ssb.no/innvregsys/ ) . 
  employment among the norwegian population is around 70 % . 
  the same numbers from immigrants from africa is 42,5 % and 54,6 % for asian immigrants . 
  the numbers for women are much lower . 
  how can the welfare state remain sustainable if noone works to finance it ? 
  i am far from the only one who say this . 
  many succesful immigrants say the same . 
   this marvel of a comment [ 2 ] where he says that ` gypsies ' are norway 's biggest problem , which even for those gypsy haters amongst you is a big of a stretch . 
  norway 's biggest problem may be a strech .
