   you 're not panicking enough . 
  because i have no reason to . 
  the economy is still growing . 
  actually the only major threat at the moment is that people end up panicking . 
  household consumption is key to weather this downturn . 
  unemployment is still lower than pretty much all of europe and the state budget is balanced . 
  saudi arabia is for example running a several hundred billions deficit . 
  we are in a good position all things considered . 
  you are right that we could . 
  right now the problems are mostly local . 
  so where i am right now we do n't notice much of it . 
  i guess the only real difference for me personally is the exchange rates . 
  make it stop !, 
  i have a feeling that this is why even smaller cities in europe often suffers from terrible pollution , especially in the winter . 
  [ 506 400 nok a year on average , which is about the national average ] ( http://utdanning.no/yrker/beskrivelse/grunnskolelaerer ) . 
  average elementary teacher salary in norway is 506 400 nok or $ 57 500 . 
  the nok has lost pretty much 50 % of the value against the dollar the last year though . 
  figures are in ppp so they should n't be affected by this though . 
  few extra means loads for norway . 
  the eu would ruin our fishing and agriculture industries . 
  we also stand way more free on what to implement . 
  they are cost of living adjusted . 
  norway and switzerland is also part of it despite not being in the eu . 
  i get cought doing the same every now and then as a norwegian . 
  food is a small expense anyways . 
  cities in norway are not rent controlled so it 's pretty expensive . 
  maybe that 's the biggest difference . 
  why would you need government incentives when housing is so cheap in rural areas that you save thousands every year ? 
  it 's not like you need a short commute when you 're retired . 
  i doubt eu food is much better . 
  filled with antibiotics !, 
  those figures are huge . 
  the average pension in norway was 2000 chf a month in 2014 !, 
  but then again the chf has become very strong lately . 
  rural norway is really cheap . 
  what 's different in sweden ? 
   it was tax on revenue as vat is a tax paid by consumers , not the companies . 
  same as profit taxes . 
  revenue is created by customers ...  again , if you ca n't run a company without the state sponsorship of not paying taxes , then close it down . 
  you do realize that companies are not profitable all the time ? 
  pharmanautical companies tend to run large deficits before actually running profits . 
  that income tax is called vat . 
  but if you mean tax on revenue that would cause a lot of bankruptcy . 
  there is a reason why every country taxes profits and not revenue . 
  they are required to pay those 30 % . 
  it 's just that they buy `` licences '' from a mother company in luxembourg , something that reduces their taxable income . 
  aww yiss, 
  very frightening !, 
  how can we be in a recession when our economy is growing ? 
  considering pretty much every consumer item is more expensive in w-europe i would n't count on that . 
  binge drinking is the norm in scandinavia as well though !, 
   working abroad is kind of the point of eu and living abroad is an adventure by itself . 
  the top destination for swedes is the u.s according to the article . 
  so the eu does n't really change much . 
   while having no say in all others which are decided by 28 states from which none is theirs . 
  we have a veto which allows us to not implement everything . 
  in addition we would have no say even if we were in the union . 
  something that would ruin our sustainable fishing . 
   their net contribution is greater than one of finland , despite having half of population . 
  per capita , its greater than what uk pays . 
  or denmark . 
  source 1,79 billion euros over a period of 5 years is 358 million euros per year . 
  this is indeed lower than what bulgaria pays . 
  i 'm sure norway would by far be the largest net contributor if we were in the union . 
   norwegian minister for eu affairs himself said that their current contribution are about the same they would have as if they were in eu i would take his words with a grain of salt considering his party is heavily pro-eu . 
  i think us norwegians get a good deal . 
  paying less to the eu than bulgaria and sovereignity over fishing and agriculture policies . 
  i use private internet access and find it to be great . 
  good vpn 's are worth paying for . 
  wages tend to be lower in most parts of europe . 
  here in norway # 35,000 a year is less than average so it differs a lot by region . 
  it 's not only eastern europe , but rather everywhere outside of the u.s. 
  i love the netflix convenience and interface , but the lack of content really ruins it . 
  time to get with the times estonia !, 
  the article states that this is government aid only . 
  people are forced to take vacations in pretty much all of europe yet newspapers , especially the larger ones , are always operating . 
  the newspapers in norway are operating around the clock . 
  i heard of this pretty much as soon as it happened . 
  why would germany be any different ? 
  it would be interesting to see the figures if they included private funding as well . 
  people in the u.s prefer to donate through private charities compared to europe where the state plays a larger role . 
  that is literally how much i am living on here in norway as a student ... 
  does n't surprise me that it 's number 1 in norway . 
  i do n't see how other european countries would be any different . 
  teenage girls use the internet too you know . 
  around the same here in norway . 
  probably 10 years since last time they were this low . 
  it 's not 100 % . 
  it varies depending on different factors . 
  a small car with a small engine is reasonably priced . 
  norway as well !, 
  why not ? 
  northern sweden is lovely !, 
  basically exactly the way it works in the u.s. 
  i get the idea . 
  however i find nominal rates to be difficult to compare since exchange rates can vary a lot . 
  a country can theoretically be $ 5000 dollars per capita poorer in one year . 
  however does n't this mean that the citizens are much poorer since they do n't use the usd . 
  how so ? 
  it 's the same here in norway .
