  it goes both ways . 
  do n't understand it either . 
  anyone that has taken classes in basic economics knows that the pros far outweighs the cons . 
  yes fuck those corporations for giving me my job and creating economic activity that funds our welfare state !, 
  it 's so good that this is n't the case in the eu . 
  [ oh wait ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/vattenfall-vs-germany-nuclear-phase-out-faces-billion-euro-lawsuit-a-795466.html ) ... 
  arguing using proper sources and facts are considered trolling now ? 
  no wonder why this sub has become shit . 
  i assume you want to dismantle the eu as well as that is a free trade agreement that `` has only benefited the 0,1 % '' . 
  look how much better romanians and poles had it before the eu ... 
  i do n't see how your life would improve without ttip either . 
  name one trade agreement that has been negotiated publicly . 
  ireland relies heavily on trade and investments from the us . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/vattenfall-vs-germany-nuclear-phase-out-faces-billion-euro-lawsuit-a-795466.html ) . 
  funny how you are so against isds when countries in the eu can be sued for not doing what the eu wants . 
  for example your tax breaks on road vignettes . 
  quite ironic considering they may be the ones that have benefited the most from free trade within the eu . 
   example : many tobacco corporations would be able to sue countries for anti-tobacco laws and get multimillion dollar fines that the governments would have to pay simply for making laws democratically . 
  it already works like this within the eu . 
  income tax are lower in norway . 
  but there are some tax advantages if you live abroad and work in norway . 
  they already got luxembourg for that . 
  i do n't remember what the place was called . 
  [ it 's alongside this street though ] ( https://www.google.no/maps/@50.059521,19.938802,3a,75y,10.17h,84.11t/data=!3m5!1e1!3m3!1shwwph-prv-rpp5jauvlujg!2e0!3e5 ) . 
  maybe you know ? 
  most place we ate at had prices around 15-20 zl , so it really was a change . 
  very nice restaurant though . 
  prices were the same as back home so it was n't too bad for us . 
  feels good having all that purchasing power to be honest . 
  not too familiar in oslo but [ munchies ] ( http://www.munchiesoslo.no/ ) has really good burgers for a nice price ( $ 11 ) . 
  pretty much any restaurant will cost you between $ 20-25 but it 's very varied what you get . 
  paid 150 zl for a meal and drink at a steakhouse in krakow . 
  do n't remember the name . 
  was the best steak i 've ever eaten though . 
  a meal the same quality would cost a fortune here in norway !, 
  abroad it 's different for some reason . 
  iron ore . 
  beautiful city , especially the east/south side . 
  i do n't understand nsb pricing . 
  it cost the same from oslo to kristiansand as oslo-stavanger even though it 's longer . 
  must be because taking the train for 7 hours is horrible . 
  remember taking the bergen line once , never again . 
  the roads in norway are worse than those in poland to be honest . 
  how developed poland was and how shitty the tap water was in dublin . 
  you actually have some palm trees in south-west norway too . 
  but the climate there is mild and it rarely snows . 
  i had the same impression until i visited ireland and the u.k. 
  sorry , but the stereotypes are true . 
  poland was filled with beautiful girls though . 
  no guns here in norway too . 
  in europe you do n't find any country that fits that criteria though . 
  getting rid of monetary sovereignity is the most stupid thing a country can do . 
  the government is getting complaints from the opposition that they have not done enough to reduce unemployment . 
  now it 's a whopping 4,1 % . 
  in comparison to the rest of europe we 're really spoiled . 
   not being in the eu is not a disaster for a country . 
  it 's simply better and more efficient to be . 
  i would say that switzerland is far more efficient than any eu country . 
  we do n't have to accept these directives , but the politicians do it anyways . 
  i loved dublin , even though it was windy as hell . 
   denmark , because copenhagen is absolutely beautiful . 
  agreed !, 
  my favourite city in scandinavia by far . 
  i have some money invested in a fund , but i 'm not sure if im so happy with the returns on it . 
  i do n't want to switch now that the stock market is kind of unstable and because of tax reasons at the moment . 
  maybe i 'll consider it in the future . 
   of course gdp per capita will not grow overnight , but it 's still not great compared to the rest of europe ( or indeed the world ) . 
  gdp might not be great but wages are still pretty alright . 
   we will soon see a hike , after the damn deflation goes away : / -0.0 % . 
  got a long way to go then . 
   perchance , do you have europe 's data available for the current period ? 
  [ eurostat is a good source . 
  gdp per capita is n't going to grow overnight after a large recession . 
  growing inflation is also rather a good thing that shows that the economy is recovering and that you will soon see a rate hike . 
   how do we compare to the rest of europe in terms of gdp per capita or ppp and employment rates ? 
  gdp per capita is pretty similar to the rest of europe . 
  employment rate is the highest since records began so i 'm sure that also is good in comparison . 
  tell me about it . 
  invested some money in the company opera and it plummeted 30 % in value not long afterwards ... 
  prices are quite high indeed . 
  in the summer most produce is norwegian though . 
  so record employment , real wage growth and gdp growth is n't good ? 
  compared to the rest of europe you do n't really have something to complain about . 
  the u.k is performing very good economically so it 's not really something to be worried about . 
  there may be some bubbles , but the u.k is pretty diversified so it 's not really an issue . 
   by the way i mentioned norway earlier because i know you guys have an insane state owned fund , which will keep you wealthy for generations if you invest it properly . 
  i 'm pretty confident that it will last for a long time . 
  feels good knowing that we have security for the rainy days . 
   obviously oil does n't last forever and i hope you have plans for a post oil economy  we do n't have anything concrete , but i am convinced that the change will happen naturally . 
  our economy is pretty dynamic . 
  for example is our non oil industries thriving at the moment because of a weaker currency . 
  we are already seeing large investments in these industries . 
  also our stock exchange is at an all time high indicating that our economy is n't so reliant on the oil sector after all . 
  to be fair we are sort of in `` trouble '' at the moment as the oil price is low . 
  but it says a lot when the opposition in parliament says the government is n't doing enough to reduce unemployment which is currently at 4,1 % . 
  in addition our growth forecast sits at 1,4 % or something . 
  it 's just that we have become used to high growth and unemployment . 
  being western european in general gets you laid everywhere . 
  especially in eastern europe and the u.s. 
  i wonder how an economic crisis feels like ... ah , living in a bubble is pretty great .
