  just see the disastrous response from the authorities during the terror attack in 2011 . 
  sadly most of this increase is because of investments that are paid for over the normal military budget . 
  so while the spending goes up in numbers , we still have a barely functioning military because the money for the daily operations gets cut . 
  we do have lots of fancy new equipment , but we ca n't afford to operate it . 
  the new defence plan basically involves downsizing an already miniature military by closing even more bases and units . 
  it 's frankly embarrasing and it 's rediculous to see how the politicians claim that it will increase combat capabilities . 
  that 's true . 
  pretty much any time i withdraw money from an atm it 's always 100 's . 
  i did get a 200 once and was pretty happy !, 
  free floating currencies are the norm especially in the west , so it 's not up to the government to devalue it . 
  it happens according to the demand for the currency in the market . 
  allthough the central bank can to some degree control this , it is still a seperate entity from the government . 
  also devaluation is preferable to having a too strong currency which hurts employment and growth , something we see some countries in the eurozone struggling with . 
  one thing is to make the warhead , another thing is to develop the delivery system . 
  that can be quite hard to develop . 
  it 's the same here in norway . 
  but i believe we have actually done a relatively good job at keeping some rural population . 
  for example is the difference between northern sweden and northern norway pretty striking . 
  it has to be said that there is plenty of resources along the coast that helps in that regard . 
  that may have been , but if they did n't go through that phase it is no doubt they would have been better off than they are now . 
  social democracy is capitalism . 
  me as a norwegian is free to start a business , invest on the stock market and earn money of my capital . 
  it 's even encouraged by my government . 
  as opposed to the glorious socialism that left romania poor in the first place . 
  they may have some good industries , but no way does belgium have nearly the same amount of exports as the u.k. and italy . 
  [ something that the cia world factbook confirms ] ( https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2078rank.html ) . 
  wonder how much of that is goods in transit through for example antwerp . 
  the eu is n't even a federation yet the cap and cfp is a thing . 
  you obviously live in the middle of europe where you all have a lot of the same needs and desires . 
  for us that live on the outskirts of europe we do n't feel like the once size fits all package works for our struggles and problems . 
  i do n't trust people from further down on the continent to deal with fisheries policies or arctic matters as they are simply not qualified for the job . 
  agriculture is another matter where we simply do n't want industry farms filled with antibiotic usage like countries such as germany is very fond of . 
  i agree with you . 
  however that means that these principles need to to be respected and followed . 
  for some reason i sadly do n't believe this would be the case . 
   it would still be your government , but you would share it with people from other countries and that is where the problem arise . 
  i do n't believe me or norwegians in general share the same values and attitudes as someone from greece or france for example . 
  the only countries that are somewhat close is denmark and sweden but even between those countries there is plenty to disagree with . 
  for example immigration in sweden 's case or excessive taxation in denmark 's case ,, 
  i stand corrected in the case of mali , however i still believe that europe has n't been the saint we try to make ourselves look like . 
  we do n't really have any reason to go and bomb foreign countries like we have been , even if the u.s is leading the mission or not . 
  the point being that europe is less religious than the u.s ? 
  cause that may be the case for some european countries , but far from all . 
  you ca n't really generalize europe though . 
  there is plenty of countries here too that are influenced by religion . 
  including poland where i currently live . 
  libya and mali is good examples of where european countries were more than eager to bomb . 
  how will a united europe change any of that ? 
  the french love to intervene in their previous colonies , should we stop them ? 
   i disagree . 
  in the last 50 or so years , the only `` expansionist '' agenda europe has had was about projecting soft power . 
  ah yes , like bombing the middle east to pieces . 
  why give up sovereignity when i already have all that in addition to national sovereignity already ? 
  how would that help if people are not loyal to the government ? 
  i know that me as a norwegian would never agree to being governed by any other body than the norwegian government . 
  if you are a skilled immigrant healthcare and college costs is n't an issue though . 
  that 's pretty much how it is in norway . 
  not illegal , but you have to pay huge tolls . 
  a good summary . 
  however the tax of 78 % is on profits , not revenue . 
  this may seem very high , but the oil companies agree to it because the state covers 78 % of the exploration and drilling costs . 
  i totally agree . 
  sadly this policy is supported by the majority as most people are clueless . 
  i know a few people that experienced it at my university back home . 
  it does n't take much for them to search you . 
  [ we already own $ 14,9 million of greek debt ] ( https://www.nbim.no/en/the-fund/holdings/ ) . 
  i think that is enough for now !, 
  there is always a risk with investments , but i would assume that most of these assets are pretty secure . 
  the government does n't have to balance the budget for the debt to gdp ratio to remain constant or decline . 
  as long as gdp growth is larger than the deficit you do n't add debt . 
  norway is in a net creditor position , this means that other countries owe us more than we owe them . 
  so if we look at our net debt you will get a very nice number . 
  [ in 2014 our net debt was -244,23 % of gdp ] ( https://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=k3s92bru78li6_&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en#!ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=ggxwdn_ngdp&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=world&amp;idim=world:earth&amp;idim=country:no&amp;ifdim=world&amp;hl=en_us&amp;dl=en&amp;ind=false ) . 
   when i say worst tourists i 'm literally going by polling . 
  you 're going by anecdotal evidence . 
  polling can be biased . 
  if the respondents do n't like americans they will naturally put them as the worst tourists . 
  americans can be ignorant about the cultural norms and the country they are visiting , but in my experience they are rarely rude or make a lot of mess . 
  now compare it to brits and scandinavians on drinking holidays in the mediterranean where they do n't give a fuck about anything and just create a mess . 
   i see the us refered to the ` greatest country in the world ' all the time on reddit . 
  i do n't know what subreddits you visit , but my impression is that it 's the opposite . 
  pretty much any thread involving america is filled with comments about how bad the u.s is etc. 
  maybe you missed the sarcasm . 
  sounds reasonable . 
  in norway you will get your home searched by the police even if they are just suspecting you of smoking . 
   and i think it 's undebatable that there are a lot of shitholes in rural america that are n't all that different to a third world country . 
  you will find bad areas in any country . 
  i honestly do n't know any concrete areas you are referring to that can literally be compared to a third world country . 
  i know plenty of places in eastern europe that would qualify in a heartbeat though . 
  the u.s is very popular in ireland and eastern europe . 
  also in scandinavia where people do n't always agree with their politics , but do n't have anything against americans as people . 
  as for tourists they are far from the worst . 
  they are some of the nicest tourists out there . 
   i do n't ever see any other nation referring to its self as ` the greatest country in the world i can assure you that there is people in every country that think theirs is the best in the world . 
  when it comes to arrogance i think many europeans , especially on this sub has americans beat . 
  this comment chain just proves it . 
  you do n't need a corporate tax rate of 0 % for it to be favorable to companies . 
  for funding welfare the corporate tax rate does n't really mean that much anyways since it 's not a large source of revenue . 
  that 's true . 
  it should be possible to find a solution for that as well .
