  not much . 
  if you only manage to save $ 100k after a whole life of working you must have done something wrong . 
  i used a savings calculator and added 7 % interest and a monthly contribution of $ 235 which should be possible if you got an average job . 
  after 30 years of monthly contributions and interest you will have saved up $ 275 420 . 
  add another 10 years and the fact that you will most likely increase the contribution in dollar terms as time goes by and you will see that the sum will be vastly higher than that . 
  keep in mind that as the sum grows larger the interest you get on it will increase as well . 
  the norwegian swf have basically said that they do n't care about a brexit as in the long term it would n't affect their investments . 
  for short term investors i 'm sure a brexit is more of a concern . 
  as a norwegian i am very happy that we have full sovereignity of our fishing industry . 
  it is a very valuable resource and proper management of it is very important . 
  i would not trust the eu to do the best job of keeping the stock in check . 
  in addition having foreign vessels fishing in our waters would mean the death of many local fishing communities . 
  how has this affected the british fishing industry ? 
  if i recall correctly having control over the fishing industry was one of the major concerns norway had when rejecting the eu . 
  many people were afraid that fishing towns , especially in the north , would disappear . 
   you 're talking about a 401 ( k ) with no employer contributions ( aka `` just save and invest '' ) and even 401 ( k ) s often do n't provide enough income for most people to retire on in the us , probably almost everywhere else too . 
  public pension schemes will probably still exist in the future , allthough they may be less extensive and can only be used after a certain age . 
  saving on your own can therefore help add to this income . 
  i will not expect it to be your only income . 
   the `` just invest money '' answer is n't enough for anyone but the highest earners . 
  looking at the household savings rates of many european countries it is not uncommon to see figures above 10 % . 
  this shows that people do in fact have money to save and invest . 
  many people are just bad with money however and prefer to use them on short term happiness . 
   i guess this is n't something norwegians have to think about . 
  just have to find a swimming pool large enough for the oil money . 
  the public pension system has been reformed pretty heavily the last few years and you are expected to work and contribute until atleast 67 years old . 
  thinking ahead i will expect it to be even less generous . 
  therefore i would say that saving some money privately is just common sense . 
  adding up 40 + years of work and returns of investments it should n't be too hard to save up to $ 1 million or even more . 
  but you must expect not being able to use up your entire paycheck however . 
  you should probably put them in funds and stocks as the returns are much greater . 
  adding in interest upon interest for 40 years and you should have a pretty sizable chunk of money that can be used when retired . 
  that 's why if you want a pension when you get old you need to start saving privately once you get stable employment . 
  crazy how petrol is the same price in italy as here in norway . 
  considering the difference in pay we have nothing to complain about !, 
  switzerland . 
  relatively similar to norway except lower taxes , better climate and less of a nanny state . 
  i would say nato was more important . 
  then you have the cost of maintenance , crew , fuel etc. . 
  that 's pretty interesting . 
   i 'm guessing the swedes also mostly use wood ? 
  it depends on what area . 
  in my experience wood is more commonly used in the north while brick is more common further south . 
  wooden houses are indeed the norm . 
  i do n't know why the building materials are different in iceland . 
  earthquakes or lack of wood for construction ? 
  london is a totally new level of expensive though !, 
  a 20 pack of cigarettes are a little under 12 euros . 
  do n't know how it compares to the uk . 
  it varies a lot depending on location . 
  the houses in the picture is also quite new . 
  for a new 200m2 + house you must expect to pay between 3,5 million nok ( 378 000 $ ) and 9 million nok ( 970 000 $ ) . 
  location is everthing . 
  for example do you have typical 70-80 's houses that are roughly the same size which vary wildly in price . 
  my parents sold their newly refurbished house in a small town ( 3000 inhabitants ) for 1,7 million nok ( 184 000 $ ) . 
  the same house in the oslo suburbs would sell for closer to 1 million euros ... 
  norwegian suburbs are generally more `` american '' than what you see further south in europe . 
  [ here is a good example ] ( https://www.google.no/maps/@69.6861692,19.0700559,3a,75y,130.48h,84.88t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1stphad9l7vzpwqyzzstpfxw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) . 
  since we got a lot of space houses also tend to be bigger . 
   the problem is they 're hesitant to give a cdi , which is basically an unlimited contract . 
  the only way to fire an employee who has a cdi is either to pay him a shitload of money or wait for him to leave . 
  that should n't be a problem because there are alternatives like the cdd , which is limited contract ( for example 1 year ) . 
  that 's a pretty interesting system . 
  i can totally see how that can hinder employers from hiring new people . 
  you need to be absolutely sure that they need them . 
   considering a poor in france has access to free healthcare , will have a pension of 460 $ a month no matter what , i 'd say you 're way better off in france than the us if you 're poor . 
  that 's certainly a benefit compared to the u.s. 460 $ is really low though , is that in addition to a salary or is it what you get when you are unemployed ? 
   also i would say that an american household ( so not a single person in a small flat ) with 27 000 usd a year is deeply struggling , even if they live in a small town . 
  average size of a u.s household is 2,5 people so i 'd agree . 
   i agree , right now all i want is to get to work , no matter the contract . 
  i 'll be more demanding in a few years , i have no problem with that . 
  that 's how it should be . 
  even here in norway the labour market is starting to tighten up when it comes to unskilled labour . 
  you need an education to get a job . 
  that 's just how things have become . 
   is n't it mandatory in denmark to join a union ? 
  it 's not mandatory in any of the nordic countries . 
  people that are not part of a union tend to get the same working conditions as those who are in one however . 
  mostly because the employers do n't feel like having different contracts for their employees . 
  you do hear stories of employees getting pressured to join unions by their fellow colleagues however . 
  having a union membership can have benefits as the membership fee is tax deductable in addition to member getting special deals on insurance , loans etc. 
   they should n't be able to speak for everybody but they do , which sometimes is for common good but very often it 's a disaster and they have no support but still annoy everybody . 
  i could totally see how this can be an issue . 
  some people just want to get their work done , and having people stopping them from doing so can be annoying . 
  in norway the greens are described as a watermelon , green on the outside and red on the inside . 
   no , you 're absolutely correct on this , i 'm actually a young guy struggling to get a first real job myself . 
  are employers very hesitant to hire young people in general ? 
  i can imagine it being hard to get a job as time goes by , especially if you do n't have any previous experience . 
   but i think the comparison with the uk or the us is not a really good one , they have indeed lower unemployment rates but a much higher poverty rate especially in the us according to the oecd i am not sure if that is the best metric to use . 
  if we use this data it would mean that an american household is poor if they earn less than 27 000 usd a year . 
  it 's not the highest income , but it 's totally livable . 
  especially considering the low cost of living . 
   and this is definitely a model we 're not aiming for . 
  very high inequality is n't good so i agree . 
  i do however think that allowing youth to enter the job market just for the experience is a good thing though . 
  considering the high youth unemployment rate in france i can see it difficult for french youth to get this experience . 
   it 's just that our economies are quite different and we need to figure out how to apply something similar that could satisfy everybody . 
  it 's a very good system indeed . 
  however strikes like the one we see in the article is one of the reasons why it does n't work in france in the first place . 
  the relationship between the unions and trade confederations are generally pretty good in scandinavia due to both having a very pragmatic approach .
