  source : i am norwegian, 
  being a rich country and socialism does n't really work . 
  they are not socialist ... 
  norway has never been socialist . 
  the labour party tried to implement it the first time they got into power in the 30 's , but all the money left the country in fear and they got kicked out of office in two weeks . 
  norway is actually one of the most capitalist and free countries in europe by the way . 
  where was it ? 
  i can find beer that costs 25kr a can at the store . 
  it 's expensive , but not that bad . 
  it 's in the long term . 
  after a major crash it will take any investment some time to recover . 
   there are many investments that outperform real estate . 
  yes , but they have a much higher risk . 
  few safe investments give you returns of 10-20 % annually or even higher when you factor in mortage downpayment . 
  in addition owning a house in it self is more than just an investment as you use it every day as opposed to an equity placement . 
   someone that owns a home is n't richer than a renter by default either . 
  no , but i would argue that in most cases the homeowner is richer than someone who rents if you look at wealth as a whole . 
   some people do n't want to own a house . 
  of course , but for example in scandinavia that is a bad financial decision . 
  you will increase your wealth much faster in general if you invest in the housing market while paying down on your mortage than what you would have got otherwise . 
  real estate also has more favorable tax laws . 
   i wonder if there is a correlation between having money and wealth . 
  probably considering people having a mortage usually earn more than those who rent . 
  but in general this is not a `` law '' as it depends on how you run your personal economy . 
  do n't be fooled though . 
  we import coal power from abroad and export hydro . 
  funnily enough you can get brand new porsches for the price of a mustang or camaro in norway . 
  so people who spend that amount of money on a car rather buy the porsche since you get more for your money . 
  it leads to there being tons of porsches on the road , while muscle cars are pretty rare . 
  maybe we spend more of our money instead of investing or saving it ? 
  just a theory . 
  but as you pay down on your loan and the value of the house increases , you will have a positive net wealth in no time . 
  it 's the same in norway , denmark and to some degree the u.k. 
   untrue : it was initialised by lobbying from multinational corporations . 
  says who ? 
  obviously they have an interest in better trade conditions between the eu and u.s.  worker 's rights , wages , environmental issues , social legislation . 
  why has n't this happened considering the eu has multible trade agreements with countries that have much lower standards when it comes to thsese things ? 
   it 's what isds is all about , and that 's part of ttip . 
  isds is about fair and equal treatment , protection and security , free transfer of means and fair compensation if expropriated . 
  why on earth makes you believe that it will just be a court for companies to sue for lost revenue from investments ? 
  if a company makes a bad investment it will not get compensation . 
  that makes absolutely no sense . 
  in practical use it would for example be a company suing a state because they offered a contract to a domestic company even though they did n't meet the requirements for the bid . 
  in other words unfair treatment . 
   prove that if you 're so sure . 
  [ page 4 ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2015/march/tradoc_153266.pdf ) . 
  `` eu standards are n't up for negotiation ''  and stiff competition between european and us labour forces , which means that the ones with the most rights are going to be forced to sink to the level of those with the least rights - over and over again . 
  there 's the race to the bottom again . 
  are you against the eu as a whole considering working conditions is worse in eastern and southern europe compared to western europe ? 
   those are the ones that initialised this treaty , they wrote it . 
  the eu and u.s initialised the treaty since they will both benefit from it . 
  both on the global scale and for the participating members . 
   they are against trade treaties that force a race to the bottom for their members , which is what ttip would create . 
  race to the bottom when it comes to what ? 
   by making countries pay up for loss of revenue on investments this is not going to happen . 
  it 's a ridiculous claim . 
  not going to happen . 
   sure , cars may get cheaper - but where is that money coming from ? 
  lower tariffs and more harmonized regulations ? 
  the whole point of trade agreements . 
   i also know what ngo 's and unions get `` consulted '' on '' complete bullshit , ambiguous questions that can be explained away . 
  if they do n't take trade unions seriously , what makes you think that they will take business confederations seriously ? 
   why do you think trade unions at both sides of the ocean are rallying their members to stop ttip ? 
  are n't unions always against free trade though ? 
  for example would i expect u.s auto unions to be against it because it would lead to more cars being produced in europe . 
  something that will generally lead to cheaper cars for the u.s consumer . 
  so it will be bad for one sector , while the society as a whole benefits . 
  you literally ca n't make a trade agreement where every sector benefits equally . 
  but for the majority it is a benefit . 
  can you send me the links to the documents in question ? 
  you did n't read the page i sent you . 
  i would advise you to read [ this page ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ttip/about-ttip/questions-and-answers/ ) . 
  answers most of your conserns . 
   and if i then read an interview with one of the us lobbyists for the ttip in my local dutch paper in which he states that `` that communist tradition of trade unions has had it 's time and should now be abolished '' just because one lobbyist have that opinion does n't mean that it will be part of the deal . 
  trade unions are among those negotiating the deal so they 're not going to just give up their power . 
  you honestly believe that ? 
  what human rights will be gone if the deal ( that is not even finished yet ) passes ? 
  so heavily biased blogs are a better source of information according to you ? 
  so you think you have more knowledge on trade , economics etc than people who are highly educated on the matter ? 
  my bet is that you really would n't notice much of a difference . 
  if you only read ttip posts om reddit you really become brainwashed . 
  i prefer to read the actual negotiating documents that are available on the eu website . 
  eu also wants the deal ... 
  why has n't this happened already considering the eu has loads of trade agreements already ? 
  it 's funny cause actually it 's the opposite . 
  have you read the ttip papers available on the eu website ? 
  why is this suddenly a problem now , but not with the other trade agreements the eu has signed ? 
  you can find a lot of negotiating papers on the eu website . 
  the deal is n't finished yet so until then we do n't know any specifics . 
  wierdly those who have been `` informed '' about it usually has no clue what it means . 
   i 'm referring to the third-party ` neutral ' lawyer acting as judge . 
  the one that is chosen by both parties ? 
   except that we are not talking about expropriation here . 
  that would be a violation of the law , not a violation of trade treaties , so the company would simply sue in the normal judicial system since seizing private property is an obvious violation of the law . 
  from the wiki article : `` the majority of these legal instruments provides foreign investors with a substantive legal protection ( including the right to `` fair and equitable treatment '' , `` full protection and security '' , `` free transfer of means '' and ** the right not be directly or indirectly expropriated without full compensation ) and access to isds for redress against host states for breaches of such protection . 
  ** '' seizing property is n't against the law , or else there would be no roads or infrastructure . 
  however doing it without compensation is . 
  what makes you think the host country would willingly impose massive fines on it self ? 
  especially if the legal system is n't good like in eastern europe . 
  that 's why you have isds .
