  it 's like trying to win an election by wanting higher taxes . 
  i found it to be great . 
  but that 's maybe because of the free guinness at the top . 
  for norway it has allowed us to choose what directives to implement , keep control over our fishing and agriculture policies and having the ability to negotiate our own trade agreements . 
  how so ? 
  why would you leave norway when it 's at it most beautiful ? 
  a `` winter '' house in the south would work though . 
  but you earn a lot and if you live in the south-east the weather is pretty decent as well . 
  i would expect czech companies to have less money than similar companies in the west . 
  therefore not being able to pay the same wages . 
  it used to be much worse , but it 's still not nearly as beautiful as other norwegian cities like bergen , \u00c5lesund and stavanger . 
  the new waterfront by aker brygge is really nice in the summer though . 
  a good place to enjoy your 11 $ beer !, 
  why should we fight the corporations when it 's the state that goes ahead and blocks the sites ? 
  we still had loads of margarine , 
  norway does n't have to . 
  we have a veto . 
  we also have a lot of other advantages like having an own agriculture and fishing policy . 
  in addition we can negotiate our own trade agreements , something that is not possible within the eu . 
  i completely agree . 
  pretty much the same over here . 
  yes , life truly is bad in france ... 
  free trade prospers if there are no tolls and tariffs . 
  if you are not in the common market you are most likely subject to them as the eu is very protectionistic . 
  because the eu is silly like that . 
  well , they need a place to live . 
  who is going to rent out properties to the state/munucipalities at a very high prize ? 
   as far as i know norway & co still have to implement most of eu law ( at least regarding economy ) to be part of the european economic zone or whatever it 's called . 
  we do n't have to , but we implement those that are needed when it comes to trade . 
  with standard guidelines it makes things easier . 
  we have a veto , our own fishing and agriculture policy and not to mention the ability to negotiate our own trade agreements . 
  when you 're in the eu you ca n't negotiate independent trade agreements . 
  us norwegians can , you ca n't . 
  depends on what fields . 
  [ ntnu ] ( http://www.ntnu.edu/ ) - norwegian university of science and technology for engineering and natural sciences [ bi ] ( http://www.bi.edu/ ) - norwegian business school for business , finance etc. 
  [ uio ] ( http://www.uio.no/english/ ) - university of oslo for everything else . 
  too bad you decided to share a currency with other countries then . 
  it leads to stability . 
  it 's how the u.s works which makes them able to have the same currency for every state . 
  everyone except maybe sv and venstre would vote against . 
  the parliament does n't have any say in this situation anyway . 
  and i can only think of a few mini parties that would oppose it . 
  even if r\u00f8dt were in government they would send him to the u.s. to believe anything else is incredibly naive . 
  norway needs the u.s , they do n't need norway . 
  why would they get trouble from parliament ? 
  there would be a large majority for sending him to the u.s, 
  name one trade agreement that has been negotiated in public . 
  i ca n't think of a single reason why poland would be better off with it regardless . 
  it 's a wise decision to stay out . 
  i know , i was just teasing , 
  are you sure that is in norway ? 
  that road actually has asphalt on it !, 
  if you complain about czech roads , do n't ever visit norway . . 
  just move over to the east side , 
  do n't think the refugees would be happy living on the top of a mountain though . 
  i think you underestimate how much this drains on your mental health . 
  completely loosing your freedom and being monitored 24/7 for the rest of his life is punishment in my opinion . 
  it 's meant for both punishment and rehabilitation . 
  for a norwegian going to prison is a good deterrent , because it will in most cases ruin your life later . 
  who wants to employ someone with a record ? 
  the money that is given away in basic income would have been used regardless . 
  i personally use the chat function a lot . 
  in addition it 's really great when organizing events . 
  in oslo you get a 40-80 m2 flat depending on location . 
  where i grew up in northern norway that price will get you a 150-250 m2 house with a high standard . 
  seen quite a few here in norway atleast . 
  it was the previous government who reduced the corporate tax ... 
  maybe you should avoid getting all your news from klassekampen . 
  it was the work of two things . 
  the bureaucracy and high oil prices creating an investment boom . 
  kristin halvorsen had no economic background what so ever . 
  basically a monkey could have been the minister of finance at the time and do just as well . 
  if you are supposed to be an economist you might start looking at facts and not your political bias that shines through . 
  not my impression living here and having been to pretty much every part of this country . 
  norwegian industry is much more competitive than russia 's however . 
  labour privatized everything in the 90s , early 2000 . 
  this government has n't privatized anything major . 
  to think things would be any different with the previous government is ignorant . 
  also the previous government was n't exactly known for their competence . 
  not dental treatment . 
  in addition the public system is n't optimal . 
  private insurance has become a lot more popular in the last decade or so . 
  or any country where the people are not idiots !, 
  you can do both !, 
  the thought of st\u00f8re as a pm makes me sick . 
  could be worse . 
  in norway the same tax is 2,2 $ ... 
  very open economies , low corporate taxation and a general ease of doing business . 
  we 're probably the least socialist countries in europe . 
  b-but muh quality standards !, 
  stores being closed on sundays . 
  the parties in the nordics are pretty similar in practice . 
  so you get stability regardless . 
  a free floating currency acts as a shock absorber against bad economic times . 
  it helps a lot and ads flexibility . 
  you can effectively lower people 's wages without them barely noticing . 
  the low oil prices have hit us hard :(, 
  not to mention the euro !, 
  sucks for us norwegians though :(, 
  not to mention we would have to give up free trade agreements that we have negotiated through the efta .
