  now we can avoid having to withdraw large amounts of money from the fund and instead grow our economy on other industries . 
  i would very much like to see how a politician from central or southern europe would deal with areas such as fisheries , petroleum or polar affairs . 
  even being able to deal with foreign affars can be important . 
  i do n't think exporters in finland were very happy that politicians in brussels basically took away their livelyhood when dealing with russia . 
  just look over here to norway where the oil price fall have caused some problems . 
  luckily for us our currency has devalued so there is no talk about cutting wages and benefits . 
  at the same time our exports in dollars have become 50 % cheaper . 
  this has caused us to increase our other exports which have helped us avoid recession . 
  if we had a currency like the euro we would have been screwed . 
  not to mention a euro that is way too strong considering the economic circumstances . 
  messenger on top in norway and whatapp at the third spot . 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  pretty much anyone has facebook so it 's a convenient way of chatting . 
  i know for sure that i do n't want my country to be lead by politicians from another country . 
  do n't know about you but i do n't feel any european identity . 
  actually i feel i have more in common with americans than people further down the continent . 
  that 's interesting . 
  over here there are traffic lights on both sides of the intersection . 
  helps people in both the front and the back to see the lights . 
  wait . . 
  this is n't the case in germany ? 
  asian phone makers seem to do good with a foreign os like android . 
  do n't know a single person who uses it . 
  messenger is by far the most common . 
  meanwhile we 1,5 $ a litre here in norway :(, 
  we have farms above the arctic circle here in norway . 
  strawberries , carrots and potatoes are examples of food that can be grown at these latitudes . 
  in southern scandinavia it 's warm enough to grow grains like wheat , barley and rye . 
  is n't renting far more common than buying in germany ? 
  investments are not being discouraged . 
  however the central bank wants people to invest money in stocks , property etc which gives a higher return than having the money in the bank ( which is a loss at this point ) . 
  interesting system . 
  here in norway you get tax free income in the summer ( 12 % of last years salary ) and pay half tax in december . 
  about the same as here in norway . 
  if you are not unionized there really is n't any minimum wage . 
  most natives are not going to work for a shit wage . 
  however foreign workers can often be exploited . 
  do n't think for a second that the one working in a small shop selling kebabs for a cheap price earns the minimum tariff . 
  you do n't have to go to the u.s to have laws against this . 
  drinking in public is illegal in norway as well ... 
  it 's actually illegal to drink outside in norway too . 
  haha come to northern europe . 
  we have had some debates about this recently actually . 
  there is still as you say a lot of prejudice against men in nursing . 
  male nurses can feel `` ignored '' compared to their women counterparts . 
   i also support quotas for men in elementary school teaching or nursing for example . 
  this is the case in norway . 
  if you are a male nurse and search for a job you will be prioritized in front of all of the women . 
  yes the ecb rate is low . 
  still this does n't help finland as the euro is too strong compared to what it would have been with a sovereign currency . 
  that and the sound of cars with spiked tires . 
  well it did mention high swedish growth as a result of their low interest rate policy . 
  something that finland has no way of doing as it 's the ecb who decide their monetary policy . 
  painful internal devaluation it is . 
  i always have have to use my passport when travelling intra-schengen because it 's one of the few id 's that 's accepted everywhere . 
  yes they usually wants it free . 
  however they also want more private involvement in the public sector . 
  a large amount of schools in sweden have been privatized . 
  even in the u.s the majority of elementary schools are public . 
  i also do n't find the political spectrum to be more left in the nordics compared to the countries you mentioned . 
  the nordics are in general pretty right wing on economic issues and more left wing on social issues . 
  the nordics are more business friendly than those countries in general . 
  i would say he would be centre-left in europe . 
  you do n't hear right wing politicians in europe advocate for higher taxes and more state control . 
  so a military ship got a beer commercial on it ? 
  that 's kind of awesome . 
  yes they are . 
  op claimed otherwise though . 
  that 's the case in all of europe . 
  so in that case the u.s and europe are equally capitalist . 
  depends on how you define capitalist . 
  we do n't . 
  which is one of our major opt-outs . 
  the allows us to keep a sustainable fishing policy that also keeps small fishing communities alive . 
  if we were to follow eu fishing laws we would risk the stocks being mismanaged and having foreign trawlers fishing in our waters . 
  norwegian fisheries and agriculture would be ruined if we joined the eu . 
  also in the end we would end up paying far more in to the budget than what we would get in return . 
  if you are able to fly on a youth ticket they 're pretty reasonable . 
  their service are not that much better than a low cost carrier like norwegian , but when there are delays or cancellations i have always had a good experience with them . 
   that 's just a subset of how the nordics do it and besides collective bargaining they are not really easy to call either left or right wing . 
  i would argue that collective bargaining in some ways are pretty capitalistic . 
  you have businesses negotiating the price of labour , just like they do with suppliers . 
  in one sense they are both trying to get a commodity for the best price , while the seller ( unions ) are trying to maximise their profits . 
  can you atleast argue why it is n't ? 
  economically and in regards to business the social democrats in scandinavia are pretty right-wing . 
  there is a reason why scandinavian countries end up high on ease of doing business and economic freedom indexes . 
  does n't this just explain how much of an advantage having a sovereign currency is ? 
  [ step up your university internet game romania !, 
  ] ( http://www.speedtest.net/result/5103064969.png ), 
  oil is extremely profitable so of course it will stay a large part of the economy . 
  however it 's pretty regional where the south-west is the most oil dependent . 
  the oslo region and northern norway is pretty diversified which means that they have not been affected by the oil price fall . 
  in fact industries non-oil industries are booming at the moment due to a low nok . 
  compare us to other oil producers and we are probably the least dependent on it . 
  most of it is n't liquid money . 
  it 's mostly the value of his stocks and properties . 
  if you did it in one day then sure . 
  but that 's not realistic . 
  over a few years the economy would transform to different sectors . 
  i find the 75 % that is not the oil sector more important to be honest .
