  there are no concrete proofs . 
  i have never claimed we have the best food . 
  but in general our food is of very high quality . 
  [ especially when it comes to meat which is not filled with antibiotics like meat from the eu ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sfmp7yq.jpg ) . 
  what is good food cuisine wise is only up to each person . 
  some people prefer french and some prefer italian . 
  there is no correct answer here . 
  we are talking about private companies here , not the government . 
  you say that `` if it is established that intelligence services are used for industrial espionage , it puts european industries ( in an otherwise equal playing field ) at a disadvantage . '', 
  but we are not talking about if here . 
  to be honest i did n't really notice any difference between food in the u.s and over here . 
  had plenty of shitty food in europe . 
  does n't make me generalize the entire continent . 
  probably had something to do with me being there on a vacation . 
  i would probably get tired of it after a while !, 
  why would you say that ? 
  there really is n't much difference . 
  you honestly think eu companies are more moral and that they do n't spy on their competitors ? 
  wonder how the reaction here would be if boeing had sued an eu country for industry espionage . 
  most of the food in europe is also crappy , processed and full of sugar and chemicals . 
  because it 's the cheapest to make and which most people eat . 
  you can literally get any food in the us , just like in europe . 
  if you pay more you get more quality . 
  do n't really think taxes are lower in france . 
  france has a higher tax burden than both finland and norway . 
  kind of hard when you are surrounded with delicious food . 
  being able to eat out several days a week is not possible in norway unless you are rich . 
  you are generalizing a lot . 
  the u.s has everything . 
  you can get anything from greasy junkfood to the best quality food in the world . 
  well i gained weight when i visited america . 
  if i had lived there i would be a fatass too . 
  the food is unhealthy , but damn it taste good !, 
  well , oslo is a city that has had a conservative mayor for a long time . 
  the city is pretty devided though with the richer parts in the west voting conservative while the poorer and more immigrant filled parts in the east vote labour . 
  we also have cities along the `` gold coast '' from kristiansand to kristiansund that has always been very conservative . 
  this is also the area in norway where unemployment is at its lowest and a lot of industry is located . 
  other cities that are conservative are those in the north like bod\u00f8 , harstad , troms\u00f8 and alta . 
  these are not traditional conservative cities though but they have been lately . 
  our third largest city trondheim is pretty much the only one that has always been traditionally run by labour . 
  one reason for this is that it 's a university town which means a lot of people on government payroll . 
  so to sum it up . 
  areas that are thriving on their own and people are paid by private employers vote conservative while those that are paid by the government votes labour . 
  but you are completely missing my point . 
  that in norway rural areas vote left while cities vote right . 
  not really . 
  the conservatives here are a sister party to the uk conservatives . 
  that 's interesting as it 's the exact opposite here in norway . 
  here the conservatives run 7 out of the 10 largest cities . 
  have n't been to the czech republic , only bulgaria and poland . 
  i 'm just speaking from my own experience in eastern europe . 
  there are of course less attractive girls as well , but i would say that the majority was pretty . 
  you 're right . 
  when comparing wages we do n't really have anything to complain about . 
  yay we 're number one !, 
  the majority of eastern european girls actually look like this . 
  a lot of europeans would struggle with it aswell . 
  i do n't really care who runs other countries except for the larger ones like france , germany and britain . 
  sounds pretty awesome . 
  it 's expensive , but probably an experience you will never forget . 
  it 's because people do n't know economics . 
  eu corporations have the right to the same fair treatment in the u.s. 
  so basically the u.s economy will be destroyed for the benefit of eu corporations ? 
  who visit these food banks , people with citizenship or not ? 
  we have also had an increase in food bank usage here in norway , yet noone blames the government since it 's mostly immigrants who does n't have access to welfare who use them . 
  government debt does n't really matter for the uk , and that is one point that would be no different with another government . 
  what has happened is real wage growth , a record number of people in employment and one of the fastest growing economy in the western world . 
  probably cameron as britain is doing miles better than most of europe . 
  never change a winning team right ? 
  it would be a shame , but it will not happen so not worried . 
  what does this have to do with free trade agreements in general ? 
  this agreement will not change any of these things . 
  most of labour rights are tied to unions and not laws anyways . 
  i think there is way to much scaremongering . 
  why do n't we hear the same thing when the eu negotiates with other countries that have far worse standards than the u.s ? 
  of course it does . 
  but the majority of african countries are growing faster than population growth . 
  it will of course vary between regions . 
  according to the link the lowest 10 % earns less than $ 31 700 a year . 
  still more than european counterparts , especially in the south and east of europe . 
  [ $ 69 300 a year seems high to me ] ( http://www.bls.gov/ooh/management/farmers-ranchers-and-other-agricultural-managers.htm ) . 
  at least compared to european farmers . 
  we 're talking about europe here , not the u.s. 
   you want to become a wage slave , and have your vacation time whittled down to bare minimum , and become yet another replaceable employee that is under constant paranoia which sabotages productivity because the market is a savage cut-throat survival of the most brown of noses ? 
  and do you want social disharmony and nitpicking introversion and obsession about inconsequential minutia while corporate crooks abscond with the loot ? 
  because that 's how you get all that . 
  why would this be the case ? 
  labour laws and union agreements will still be valid . 
  but this is n't the case in africa where the population growth rate is around 3 % while real gdp growth is much higher . 
  well norwegian cars is on average about 10 years old , which is higher than the eu average . 
  the wierd thing is that when travelling around in europe this does n't make sense as cars in norway were a lot newer from my own observations . 
  no we 're not . 
  most assets is in private control , in other words more capitalist than socialist . 
  st\u00f8re is rich as fuck . 
  certainly not marxist . 
  norway has a very free and open economy , far from socialist . 
  being an outsourcing market can be a great benefit . 
  just look at the development of south korea . 
   local farmers in most developed countries can not compete with the low-priced products coming from countries with less regulations and lower salaries ( which is why those products are so cheap ) . 
  this is n't the case for the u.s though were regulations are strict and farming salaries are high .
