  protecting local farmers from competing with factory farms in the eu is something most people support . 
  we do n't need that antibiotic meat over here !, 
  sadly for the eu ireland is still a sovereign country . 
  now they can finally fuck up things without any critisism !, 
  petroleum engineering of course !, 
  if norway 's economy was only based on oil i would be worried . 
  but instead we are one of very few oil exporters that are still growing despite the oil price being 3 times lower that it was a year ago . 
  how so ? 
  when it comes to a cancer like is then of course !, 
  yes , let 's go back to ww2 and not look forward . 
  i think norway should do no business at all with sweden because they sent nazis through the country , thanks for the help sweden !, 
   here in the netherlands , rich areas almost always vote more progressive , liberal like d66 or eco like groenlinks . 
  remarkable . 
  that 's interesting , in norway it 's the complete opposite . 
  rich areas vote conservative while poorer regions vote left . 
  that 's because he is though . 
  going for the guinness world record in slowest economic recovery !, 
  a longship will work perfectly !, 
  no need for an airforce . 
  it 's been really mild the last few weeks . 
  it was only a few weeks ago it was -10 . 
  but it looks like it will be a green winter here though . 
  same in southern norway . 
  was 11 degrees today ... 
  south-west norway seems about right . 
  i was in stavanger in february and everything was all green . 
  it was absurd . 
   sweden and finland barely have lower taxation rates . 
  finland has 7 % lower taxes and sweden has 8 % lower taxes . 
  that 's actually quite the difference . 
   norway has lots of oil and gas , you guys are a gulf state on the north sea . 
  most it goes in to a fund . 
  i really find it hard to believe that denmark must have such a high tax rate compared to pretty much anywhere else . 
  why does n't sweden , finland and norway need it while denmark does ? 
  it does n't seem like people are suffering in those countries ... 
  i think the main point is that while you get something more in denmark , that does n't mean that the standard of living is higher over there . 
  for example does some people value economic freedom over public services . 
  those people would n't like denmark . 
  if you just want the standard middle class life , i 'm sure denmark works just fine , but so does most other western european countries where you pay less taxes . 
  well you indirectly did since you say that the poorer parts in society will have it worse . 
  but if the state for example cut out funding to useless projects while keeping the transfers at the same level they end up having it as good as before . 
  maybe even better since they do n't have to pay as much tax . 
  maybe that 's the best for the kid in the end . 
  i know that there has been some critizism here in norway because kids get put in kindergarten so early and it may hurt their development . 
  the banking sector accounts for a small amount of gdp . 
  why says you need to cut the transfer payments ? 
  why not make the state more efficient and stop funding sectors that should n't be state funded in the first place ? 
  if i recall correctly the norwegian state could save several billions on better purchasing practices alone . 
  but then again the swiss earn nearly twice as much as danes ... 
  they might not be totally free . 
  but they are all available and you could also argue that the standard of living is identical to denmark . 
  taxes gets wasted a lot in scandinavia . 
  i 'm sure all of scandinavia could easily reduce taxes by 5-10 % without loosing any welfare . 
  one thing it can indicate is that home ownership is high in denmark . 
  but so is the case in the rest of scandinavia and north america . 
  lower disposable income is one thing , prices are another . 
  for example are cars absurdly expensive in denmark . 
  a similar car is easily three times more expensive in denmark compared to the u.s. . that means that the dane has to loan three times as much as an american . 
  houses are also more expensive in denmark . 
  this is despite the fact that incomes do n't differ much , especially net . 
  so basically you could say that the high taxation , that is supposed to ease the burden on people , actually has turned them into more debt . 
  one could argue that it does n't matter that much since the loans are backed up by real estate . 
  i do n't know how it is in denmark , but in norway taxation policies heavily favours investing in real estate compared to funds and stocks . 
  i would imagine this is different in the u.s. 
  interesting you would mention that as danes have the [ highest amount of household debt ] ( https://data.oecd.org/hha/household-debt.htm ) in the oecd . 
  oh i guess the swiss have it so much worse than you since they pay just a fraction of the taxes you do ... 
  my impression is that it is . 
  poland now has more norwegian visitors than denmark which always have been the go to city break for norwegians . 
  i really want to see bucharest one day as well . 
  more like u.s industry vs eu industry which both wants to keep the protections they have . 
  in the end it 's the consumer aka the general populace that benefits because of cheaper and more available products . 
  when you play a game of cards , you do n't show your cards to the other players . 
  you want to negotiate it in secret so that you have more leverage to get your interests forward . 
  i can see that . 
  the eea agreement is fine , but it 's not optimal in the way that you still have to implement quite a few laws that may not be beneficial to the country . 
  considering the reason why it is that way in the first place , i think it 's a good enough reason . 
  norway pays less per year to the eu than bulgiaria and we get to protect our agriculture and fisheries . 
  a very good deal indeed . 
  considering that 's how it works for literally any other trade agreement i do n't see how it 's supposed to be different for this one . 
  because there are some main points that will most likely be a part of it . 
   ie they pay membership fees . 
  these membership fees are way lower than yours though . 
  which is fine for young people . 
  for older people it becomes a larger problem as you need to learn a new language at a later time , leave all your friends and familiy behind and in the worst case leave with your entire family which makes the kids loose all their friends as well . 
  ah , the times of having the lowest unemployment rate in europe is over i see . 
  it 's literally the link that op posted ... 
  deep stuff bro . 
  my thought as well . 
  if someone made a christmas tree like this in norway people would loose their shit !, 
  you do n't think social factors have anything to do with it ? 
  here in norway poorer people are also more prone to failing school . 
  it 's has a lot to do with upbringing . 
  rich people tend to value education more than poorer ones . 
  education is available for anyone . 
  i 've mostly been to the northern states and the water quality was just like at home . 
  maybe it 's different in the south . 
   to make money you need money , and to have that you need an affordable education . 
  looking at enrollment figures it does n't seem like people in the u.s do n't go to uni . 
  is inequality that important if the poorest 20 % is wealthier than the top 20 % in another country ? 
   about the extremely poor : how can an ill and/or extreme poor person afford not life-saving treatment or achieve higher education ?
