  i could easily find a rural road here just as bad . 
  check out this list of motorway length by country : norway : 847 poland : 2,776, 
  [ this is the main road between the two largest cities in norway . 
  ] ( https://maps.google.no/?ll=61.178832,8.133955&amp;spn=0.194639,0.676346&amp;t=h&amp;z=11&amp;layer=c&amp;cbll=61.178832,8.133955&amp;panoid=zrunwpgutkfldzncbhk9eg&amp;cbp=12,260.22,,0,11.42 ), 
  oh they are !, 
  because poland did so much better during soviet plan economy ... 
  ^ our ^ roads ^ are ^ much ^ worse, 
  that is true . 
  we do n't have minimum wage in scandinavia despite a lot of left wing governments . 
  not to mention calling everyone racists !, 
  nope , they would do exactly the same . 
  but what can you expect from someone who names themselves `` fuckamerica6 '' ? 
  like the other comment response , nations are not supposed to pay back debt . 
  the politicians who claim they are going to do it does n't understand economics . 
  that does n't mean it is n't independent . 
  in norway corruption is pretty non-existent . 
  - translated it means : `` independent , academic reviews are important in our work to develop the managment of the wealth fund . 
  these reviews also contributes to transparancy and debate about important sides of the management , the finance minister says . '', 
  it 's an independent report . 
  yup , they are known for thinking everything outside oslo is n't that important . 
  let 's cut of the industry on the coast and see how well they thrive cutting eachothers hair . 
  they feel entitled to everything . 
  they get museums and opera houses thrown after them worth billions of dollars . 
  then they say it is useful for the whole country . 
  the olympics debate shows this in a very good way : the city of troms\u00f8 in northern norway wanted to apply for the olympics in 2018 . 
  it has large amounts of support from the whole country , they said it would have been spectacular and different . 
  guess what happened ? 
  the sports associations in oslo said it would be too expensive ( est. 
  cost 19 billion nok ) . 
  now some years later they want oslo to apply , but suddenly the cost issue is non existent . 
  cost is estimated to 30 billion nok . 
  the link posted from the referendum shows a majority for the olympics . 
  the thing is that they have just asked the oslo residents which of course would like it . 
  now the organizers act like they have the whole country agreeing with them !, 
  because the whole country pays for it . 
  if they paid everything it would be ok . also people are tired of seeing oslo being spoiled and getting everything again and again . 
  the oslo arrogance is pretty well known all over the country . 
  too bad everyone outside of oslo is pissed because they only had a referendum in the local area . 
  the vast majority of people outside of oslo does n't want it . 
  if you complain about farmer subsidies you would n't like norway . 
  here 60 % of the farmers wage is from the government . 
  in eu it 's around 20 % -40 % . 
  in america even lower . 
  the climate here makes it understandable . 
  and while we use around 4,8 billion dollars a year on agriculture subsidies we get around 16,3 billion back in taxes from the food industry . 
  it 's a fair deal in my opinion . 
  very true . 
  they also complain about us being too lazy to work . 
  wonder what they would say if they also needed minimum a bachelor degree to even get work !, 
  it is !, 
  it varies between them . 
  but the correct one should be triple a. 
  why is n't the u.s on the list ? 
  most internet users will not care so i doubt it 's going to be a massive increase . 
  very true . 
  here everyone gets a basic pension plan from the government . 
  most people however pay more when they are working because living on a minimum pension plan is not very fun . 
   it will certainly put norway on a more stable foundation down the line as average age increases . 
  the problem as i see it at the moment is that the 60 's generation has given themselves massive bonuses and pension benifits which can cause a lot of trouble . 
  a parliament politician can sit for 12 years and get full pension , which involves just under 100k yearly . 
  they are not paying for it themselves , that 's for sure !, 
  yeah , hearing rating agencies threatening to lower the u.s. credit rating is just bullshit . 
  they do n't always paint the right picture . 
  also people would n't buy the debt if they did n't think they would earn from it !, 
   off topic , but speaking of institutional investors , i just read norway 's sovereign wealth fund is set to reach $ 1.1 trillion by 2020 . 
  that is pretty obscene for a country of 5 million . 
  so thats good news . 
  yup , it 's sounds a lot . 
  but the future pension obligations have already ate it up . 
  we do n't really see much of the money , but they help to cover up the budget deficit year after year . 
   where did you come from ? 
  it seems 99.99 % of reddit seems to think china owns most of the us debt and can somehow `` call it due '' despite predetermined maturities . 
  yes , i know . 
  it really angers me to see people who do n't know what they are talking about and getting upvoted . 
   to a lesser extent that is why i am not too worried about france . 
  the ecb does not only serve france so action can not be guaranteed , but given its recent bond buying programs directed at struggling eurozone countries its pretty clear the ecb will take action to prevent defaults . 
  especially if france got into trouble i have no doubt the ecb would go on a french bond buying spree . 
  true , the u.k 's debt is also not a problem as they only pay interest , just as the u.s debt . 
  people said that noone would buy u.k debt when they made a law against cashing it out . 
  guess what , the owners never wanted to cash them out in the first place . 
  thats why they are still popular . 
  nah , they would n't do it . 
  the u.s. debt thing is only a symbolic thing in politics . 
  most people who know economy knows what the deal is with u.s. debt . 
  exactly !, 
  the only way to solve it as i see it is to make eu take over all debt . 
  but then you would need the eu to make budgets for every country , which would be massively unpopular . 
  i do support the eu , but not the euro . 
  having the same currency for a group of countries with different needs is a recipe for disaster . 
  what i am trying to say is that you are in a very difficult situation and simply changing the currency to get out of it is not going to work . 
  ah yes , the lira which would be worth nothing compared to the euro . 
  you would still be fucked . 
  it 's too late though . 
  your debt is in euros . 
  why would they default anyway ? 
  the u.s debt is no problem at all to cope since they only pay interest on it . 
  the u.s is n't supposed to pay back loans . 
  they only pay interest on the debt . 
  most of the u.s debt is owned by themselves via social security and the government . 
  other nations use u.s bonds as a bank account to store their money .
