   when it comes to health in europe at least you can be sure the meat does n't come from an animal that was fed with antibiotics and hormones [ do n't be too sure about that ] ( http://www.motherjones.com/files/antibiotics-chart-white.jpg ) . 
  meat from animals in spain and italy has more antibiotics than in the u.s and germany is not far behind . 
  i doubt you go around and complain about the meat you get in italy though despite it being worse in that regard . 
  1,5 % quarter , 5,3 % annually . 
  still impressive !, 
  we sold it off as it was a tiny part of our foreign reserves . 
  in norway they pretty much found out that it was no point in having gold reserves so they just sold it all in 2004 . 
  now all our reserves are in foreign currencies like dollars , euros and yen . 
  who decides what is good use of money ? 
  some people like to bid 500k above listed price for an apartment while some people like to spend 500k on a car . 
  people are different . 
  the different taxation on cars compared to other items is what i think people are annoyed and confused about . 
  i do n't see how a new fiat 500 is more of a luxury item than a rolex that cost the same . 
  the difference is that the fiat is taxed a lot more than the watch which only has vat . 
  the taxation of luxury is in other words not a good reasoning . 
  a car is also a lot more useful than a fancy watch . 
   and even with that point , most danes can afford a car with a ton of extra equipment , like ac , bluetooth and seat heating . 
  is n't that standard equipment nowadays ? 
   what we ca n't afford are overpriced sports cars that do n't do anything but boost your ego/social status , and allows you to drive like a complete asshole sounds like someone is jealous !, 
  [ compared to other countries in europe the taxation in scandinavia is not really that high ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ces5oujwsaejgan.jpg ) . 
  the difference is that in the other countries you do n't see the tax burden the same way as most of your taxes are paid by your employer . 
  i guess the larger difference is in vat and other indirect taxes . 
  however you earn good money in scandinavia so you still have very good purchasing power . 
  maybe that is why people do n't complain about it . 
   and you still pay absurdly high prices for food at the point of consumption - at least a third more than , for example , parisians without comparing wages this does n't tell us anything . 
  [ wages in norway are nearly twice as high as in france ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:median_gross_hourly_earnings,_all_employees_\\ ( excluding_apprentices \\ ) , _ 2014_yb17 . png ) . 
  i personally do n't find food to be expensive in norway . 
  for foreigners it may be . 
   you dont have an agricultural sector - you have a very expensive country-side historical preservation society . 
  just because we do n't export a lot does n't mean that the sector is irrelevant . 
  it provides employment and added value for many people . 
  all the parts of the supply chain from harvest , processing , transport etc adds value . 
  it would not surprise me if the value from these steps pays for the subsidies themselves . 
  just the two largest farmer cooperatives have a combined revenue of $ 4 billion . 
  in addition to these there are several more businesses in the processing industry . 
  i really do n't have much to complain about when it comes to the quality of our products . 
  thanks to modern agriculture and greenhouses you can get good produce even here in the north . 
  [ like i said in another post norway has the lowest antibiotic usage in farming in the developed world ] ( http://www.motherjones.com/files/antibiotics-chart-white.jpg ) . 
  this is thanks to agriculture policies that favor smaller farms and good animal welfare . 
  needless to say this is n't necessary the case on the large factory farms further south . 
  one of the beautiful things about norway is that you can go above the arctic circle and still see well kept farms and cultural landscape . 
  if you just pass the border to sweden you will see that a lot of it is overgrown . 
  a larger degree of self sufficiency is a great byproduct of this policy . 
  if the price were the same we would n't need toll barriers . 
  farmers in norway need higher incomes considering pretty much any country in eu has lower cost of living than here . . 
  it is hard to compete against factory farms in germany and france who pump their livestock full of antibiotics when you farm in a country where only 3 % of the land is arable . 
  the results of our agriculture policies are pretty clear . 
  [ norway has the lowest use of antibiotics in the developed world ] ( http://www.motherjones.com/files/antibiotics-chart-white.jpg ) . 
   this is not about the safety of offshore workers - it 's about protectionism towards whoever holds the current contracts for these heli rides . 
  can it not be both ? 
  it 's just like our agriculture . 
  because we protect our own production we end up with a higher quality service/product . 
   plus i guess with the fall in oil prices norwegians are getting nervous . 
  we did n't really get hit much in the first place . 
  either way the economy is growing and unemployment is down so that does n't have anything to do with the general eurosceptism . 
   it 's fine , everyone does it in one thing or another , it ends up negotiated/bullied/courted away . 
  we will see how it ends up . 
  personally i hope the government keeps their position on this issue . 
  and the offshore workers , who already have a risky job , will lose in the end ? 
  well the nok is pretty weak now , also against the sek and dkk . 
  if we would have a common currency during the oil price fall we would have struggled way more as it would most likely be too strong . 
  one reason why joining the euro would be suicide for a country like norway . 
  [ the effective tax rate on an average income in norway is 24,6 % ] ( http://www.statsbudsjettet.no/statsbudsjettet-2017/artikler/fordelingsvirkning-av-skattesatsene/ ) . 
  to get to 36 % effective tax rate you need to earn more than 1 million nok a year . 
  average wage in norway is 43 400 nok ( $ 5000 ) before tax . 
  without any deductions you will have an after tax income of 30 000 nok ( $ 3500 ) a month . 
  also keep in mind that the average wage in oslo is higher than the country average . 
  so in other words you are right that it is way to low . 
  because of exchange rates . 
  back in 2014 our currency was strong against the dollar . 
  it used to be 1 dollar = approx 6 nok . 
  now 1 dollar = 8,5 nok . 
  so if we take the average salary in 2014 which was 504 200 nok and convert it into dollars we get $ 85 500 in 2014 and $ 58 900 today . 
  anually it is pretty normal tax rate . 
  keep in mind you only pay taxes 10,5 months of the year . 
  edit : also monthly you do n't pay 35 % with that income . 
  trekktabell 7100 puts your monthly tax burden at 32 % . 
  you can look forward to getting a lot back from the government this year . 
  that is too low because it is income after deductions . 
  average wage is over 500k nok before taxes . 
  and considering a tax rate of around 27 % that is closer to 370k after tax , or + / - 30k a month . 
  i live here as part of my studies . 
  probably one of the causes . 
  if you drive your car through northern sweden and finland it will be black in the front from all the mosquitos !, 
   how in the world would sweden , as a country with colder winters , have more mosquitoes than denmark ? 
  trust me , the north has tons of mosquitos . 
  growing up in northern norway i would say that it is a much bigger problem there than in the south . 
  well taking a train that runs on clean hydropower is n't really that polluting . 
  other than that i agree that it should be a better way of voting . 
   being unemployed in europe is better than how most employed people have it in the us . 
  what are your sources for this claim ? 
  because it sounds like bullshit . 
  which is nothing . 
  we pay much lower membership fees , do n't participate in cap and cfp in addition to having the ability to negotiate our own trade agreements . 
  it 's not really the same . 
  only legislation related to the eea-agreement gets implemented , mostly related to trade which is not really controversial . 
  that 's exaggerating it . 
  we pay less than countries of similar size and wealth . 
  in addition we get benefits that the eu countries do n't have like not being part of cap and cfp . 
  we are also able to negotiate our own trade agreements as we please .
