  it used to be more popular . 
  now it 's very unpopular and the young are the most against it . 
  we are outside of the cap and cfp which is a major benefit . 
  in addition we contribute very little to the eu while having to only implement eea relevant regulations . 
  what does the oil fund have anything to do with it ? 
  if we look at countries that recovered quickly we can see that a sovereign currency made it go smoother ( sweden , poland , u.s etc ) . 
   the european project is very complicated to achieve but that does n't make it not worth the effort . 
  does the european project have to mean federalization ? 
  why not celebrate that every country on the continent is different and that they prosper in different areas ? 
  the cultural differences are just huge and i honestly feel as a norwegian that i have little to nothing in common when it comes to culture with people from spain , italy , bulgaria or france . 
  it has hindered recovery across the eurozone . 
  it is a disaster . 
  a common currency without fiscal transfers are doomed to fail . 
  econ 101 . 
  im sure that if britain had to join the euro they would be begging to leave after the next financial crisis . 
  i do n't see why the scots would be pro-eu . 
  they seem to have a pretty similar economy to norway which benefits greatly from not being part of the cfp and cap . 
  the normal thing to do is to drink store bought alcohol at a pre-party until the clock is around 12 . 
  then people go out and you may end up buying a couple of drinks . 
  most places do n't have an entry fee unless there is a live band or something . 
  i use between 30-50 euros for an average night out . 
  it 's expensive because it 's at an airport . 
  if you actually go to a city you can get it for less . 
  it 's at an airport . 
  the sodas as 0,5 litres also . 
  airports are more expensive . 
  just go to kastrup ... 
  settlement of refugees are the municipalities job . 
  immigration policies are decided from oslo , but the members in parliament are from all over the country . 
  more like 30 % ... 
  even though that is the case in romania does n't mean that it 's a thing all over europe . 
  also how would a federalization help with this exactly ? 
  companies tend to move to capitals because of the higher population , better workforce and better infrastructure . 
  if you have a local issues with redistribution of wealth among regions i am sure the local government can handle it better than foreigners . 
  in norway most companies are located in oslo . 
  however there are industrial clusters of the oil industry ( stavanger ) , oil and shipping ( bergen ) and maritime equipment and ship building ( \u00c5lesund region ) . 
  each region tends to excel at the industry they are best at . 
  the government has for example made it mandatory for fishermen to deliver fish at local fishing businesses which keep small fishing towns alive and prosperous . 
  if we were in the eu we would n't be able to to just that . 
  we would have to share the ocean with foreign fishing vessels which could n't care less about a small fishing town in the arctic . 
  much less than the other western european countries however . 
  why not keep the national states like we have now ? 
  that way you are sure that local issues are solved locally . 
  hardly think the u.k is alone in not wanting federalization . 
  not in a million years would i imagine swedes or danes wanting to be ruled by politicians from eastern and southern europe which is generally seen as corrupt . 
  not to mention other nationalistic countries . 
  using [ this ] ( http://www.eu-norway.org/eu/financial-contribution/#.v116lvmlshc ) data and distributing them over a 5 year period ( 2014-2019 ) i get 134 $ per capita gross . 
  so basically the lowest sum of the countries that actually contribute while at the same time having the highest gdp per capita in europe except microstates . 
  infrastructure has been neglected for decades now . 
  only recently has the decay been reduced on roads and railways . 
  a report from 2015 states that getting all public infrastructure to a good standard would cost 280 billion euros . 
  the most noticable decay is found on county and municipal infrastructure . 
  in norway the state is beyond rich while counties and municipalities are poor and struggle to invest in roads , schools and utilities . 
  there is also a large divide across the country . 
  generally the situation is worse in the northern parts , while the best in the south east ( oslo area ) . 
  therefore if you have only been in the oslo area you will not notice the bad infrastructure . 
  but right now i live in northern norway and the situation is pretty bad , although it has been slowly improving lately . 
  glad to see we are not alone in norway when it comes to neglecting infrastructure . . 
  norway only has to adopt legislation that is related to the eea agreement . 
  most of eu legislations is not related to the eea . 
  is n't the point of a fta that you do n't experience variations in quotas and tariffs ? 
  pretty sure any fta states that you ca n't change tolls and tariffs as you please . 
  the whole point would be gone . 
  with a norway deal they would not implement nearly as many eu regulations as they do now . 
  also as you say the low contribution . 
  keep in mind that norway has a gdp per capita that is $ 25 000 higher than the uk yet pays much less . 
  with the uk on board the eea i think that we would have a much better negotiation position as well . 
  in norway 's case we have only implemented [ 28 % ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/03/06/what-if-britain-left-the-eu-and-could-be-more-like-norway/ ) of eu regulations . 
  we only implement those that are relevant to the eea agreement . 
  in addition we have full control over the fishing and agriculture industry . 
  that 's interesting considering norway has only implemented [ 28 % of eu directives and regulations ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/03/06/what-if-britain-left-the-eu-and-could-be-more-like-norway/ ) . 
  `` while norway follows around three-quarters of eu directives , this is not the same as saying that norway obeys three-quarters of eu laws . 
  according to the report , norway has adopted 1,369 out of 1,965 eu directives , or goals . 
  however , there were also 7,720 eu regulations in force in 2008 , just 1,349 -- or around 17.5 pc -- of which were incorporated into the eea agreement . 
  this means that combined directives and regulations in force in norway constitute about 28pc of the total eu `` acquis '' - the body of common rights and obligations that is binding on all member states . '', 
  i 'm pretty sure spain does n't lack basic products like toilet paper and food . 
  keep in mind this fund is investing for the long term . 
  a small bump in the road does n't matter when you invest in a 50-100 year perspective . 
  if you have lived in the north you get used to it . 
  people generally do n't really care . 
  yeah we was n't able to do it before the eu ... oh wait . 
  the only eu regulations that are being implemented are those that are relevant to the eea agreement . 
  in addition those regulations would have to be implemented regardless if we wanted to trade with the eu . 
  most of them are common regulations in regards to product quality etc which most people find alright . 
  norway would n't have any influence within the eu regardless , so i find the pros outweighing the cons by quite a large margin . 
  just the fact that we have control over farming and fishing policies means a lot . 
  i grew up in a small fishing town on the coast where a lot of people were employed in the fishing industry . 
  just imagining what would happen if foreign vessels were allowed to fish here makes me happy we stayed out . 
  freedom of moment has its pros and cons . 
  i think for norway it has for the most part been a blessing , but of course there are some bad elements as well that i can see being a problem for the uk . 
  downwards wage pressure is of course one of them . 
  in addition our cities are filled with roma beggars which is tragic . 
  it also makes me sad that common service jobs that norwegian youth have traditionally worked in during the summers are now filled by foreigners . 
  this is n't a problem on its own , but there are loads of youth that want to work but ca n't find any job because there is too many applicants . 
  my opinion is that immigrant labour should only be used if there is a labour shortage or if they possess valuable skills you ca n't find here . 
  in the case of norway we do n't implement nearly as many eu regulations as members do , our contribution is very small , we have control over fishing and agriculture policies and we are free to negotiate trade agreements as we wish . 
  a very good deal in my opinion . 
  so me as a norwegian is not allowed here either ? 
   so if you manage to save $ 100,000 - a high sum for most people - you 'll likely get around $ 7,000 / year if your investments do n't suck . 
  how much can you afford on $ 7,000 / year in a first world country ?
