  we have more disposable income yes . 
  but in regards to the standard of housing , infrastructure etc they are pretty equal . 
  owning two cars is n't that special either . 
  the usual arrangement is to have a newer car and a slightly older one . 
  that might be an expense of 400-600 usd a month depending on the cars in question . 
  when having a net income of 4000-5000 usd a month that honestly is n't the largest expense . 
   regressives dont seem to realize upper middle class europeans live the same quality life style as lower middle class americans this is n't even upper middle class . 
  seems like a totally normal middle class here in scandinavia . 
   these `` socialist paradises '' are illusions , i know poor people who own better cars here in the states the car people drive does n't tell anything about how wealthy they are . 
  people prioritize differently what they want to spend money on . 
  for example does one of the richest people in norway drive around in this [ beauty ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f9/1998_suzuki_jimny_01.jpg ) . 
  in scandinavia there is n't really a culture of flaunting wealth because honestly people do n't really give a shit . 
  also i have been in both scandinavia and the u.s and i would n't say i was impressed by the cars over there . 
  if you look at statistics you will see that cars in the u.s are in general older than in europe . 
  11,5 years on average compared to under 10 years in most of europe . 
  60k before or after tax ? 
  it has to be mentioned in this context that oil companies get reimbursed 78 % of their drilling and exploration costs . 
  meh , pretty common here in norway and cars are more expensive here than in finland . 
  wages are high here you know . 
  ikea has god tier furniture indeed . 
  also thanks to our strict import restrictions we did n't get the horse meatballs here in norway . 
  guess that 's a bummer !, 
  except for the whole tax evasion thing . 
  thank you denmark for actually having worse car related taxes than us here in norway !, 
  i assume wooden houses in hungary are different from here . 
  there are plenty of beautiful wooden houses that are a century old . 
  as long as they get proper maintainance it 's no problem . 
  pretty common . 
  the house i grew up in was 210m2 with 4 bedrooms , two bathrooms and two living rooms . 
  in addition we had two reasonably new cars . 
  my parents were not excessively rich either . 
  both of them worked in the public sector . 
  we do n't know what company he runs though . 
  if he had a medium sized company i 'm sure it would be more similar to your situation . 
  however in the nordics it 's not normal to flaunt wealth . 
  one of the richest men in norway drive around in an old shitty car for example . 
  seems pretty standard middle class to me . 
  atleast here in norway . 
  to be fair houses in the u.k and ireland are more often than not small and not detached . 
  when i think of houses it 's detached ones that come to mind . 
  something that is very common where i live . 
  norwegians fishing quotas are very strict , which is one of the reasons why we do n't want eu quotas . 
  not to mention having foreign trawlers fishing in our water which would ruin lots of local fishing communities . 
  rip all the fish in the norwegian sea . 
  it was nice knowing you :(, 
  [ here is the report for anyone wondering ] ( http://www.oecd.org/tax/taxing-wages-20725124.htm ) . 
  seems like us norwegians do n't have much to complain about after all . 
  vard\u00f8 anyone ? 
   the norway pic looks absurd - ca n't be real . 
  in reality , norway is quite tedious . 
  it 's shopped to make the mountains look taller . 
  [ still beautiful though ] ( http://images4.mygola.com/638fb22e705555755463d83f066b9d62_1363685010_l.jpg ) . 
  culturally my experience is that it is more accepted . 
  in my country it 's still pretty taboo . 
   oh , so all the american tourists i trip over here every day are visiting for the architecture and just accidentally come in touch with drugs ... oh please americans are far from the only ones who come to amsterdam to get high . 
  i know plenty of people here in norway who go to amsterdam for the exact same reason . 
  i would assume americans go to states where it 's legal first if getting high was their only goal . 
  people come from all over europe as well to the netherlands to visit their coffee-shops . 
   fuck , besides incarcerating an insane percentage of its own population because of the `` war on drugs '' this is vastly exaggerated . 
  [ 16 % of inmates in the u.s are related to drugs \\ ( page 15 \\ ) ] ( http://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/p13.pdf ) . 
  out of those 75 % are related to trafficing and not possesion . 
  most of those are heavier drugs . 
  [ if we look at marihuana possesion the rate of incarceration is 0,1 % \\ ( ! \\ ) of all prisoners ] ( https://learnaboutsam.org/the-issues/marijuana-and-whos-in-prison/ ) . 
   the us has always been the global boogeyman threatening anything from economic sanctions to outright invasion to any country even considering any form of legalization . 
  better start invading or putting sanctions on states like colorado and washington !, 
   without us influence , the global climate surrounding drugs would be considerably more relaxed by now . 
  do n't know about that . 
  many countries went through a period of prohibition . 
  something i can see clearly in my own country norway where the police will outright raid your home if their suspect you have a small gram . 
  luckily some politicians are seeing the light and many are inspired by what have been happening in the states . 
  well i 've heard oslo being called the heroin capital of europe . 
  why ? 
  the u.s is vastly more progressive on this field than most of europe . 
  i appreciate the long answer . 
  but in general i think it proves my point . 
  we have only compared ourselves to western europe that has been the most prosperous part of europe . 
  compared to for example eastern and southern europe that have been on the poor side . 
  whether we have been at the western european average or a little bit lower does n't really matter much as it 's still rich in a worldwide perspective . 
  the reasons for emigrating to the u.s are not just poverty or famine . 
  famine in norway really has n't been much of a problem except for the napolean wars . 
  and even then it was mostly limited to the south east . 
  i i recall correctly the rest of the country had their fish and was not limited to grains . 
  if we go back to emigration to the u.s i would say that cheap farming land was a major contribution . 
   but the gdp numbers also obscures income differences . 
  most norwegian wealth came from forestry , fishing fleets and the merchant fleet and most people saw nothing of that wealth . 
  i do n't think norway is alone in this though . 
  on the continent you still had an upper class and in the u.s you had people so rich that they basically controlled everything . 
  of course the wealth increase the last decades has been massive . 
  however people in the 20th-century did n't really lack much . 
  [ i think this article is a good one to put things in perspective ] ( http://e24.no/privat/rettigheter/forbruker/hverken-gerhardsen-eller-oljen-gjorde-norge-rikt/10085819 ) . 
  i would n't live in any ghetto . 
  whether it was in france , poland or the u.s. 
  for one , poor poles have health insurance . 
  so do poor americans . 
  you know they have government programs to cover those than ca n't afford it on their own ? 
  people are not simply being left for dead . 
  also would you rather go to an american hospital or a polish one ? 
   inequality as in the us -- where you have 3rd world conditions right next to billionaires -- just does n't exist anywhere in europe . 
  it does . 
  just look at paris the paris suburbs that look like the old soviet union .
