  the u.s is the one that should be worried because they have to compete with lower wage farmers that are heavily subsidised . 
  wierd you would say that when german exports are driven by small and medium size businesses that produce products for a niche market . 
  my impression is that eastern europeans are very happy with what the eu has lead to in the region . 
  because you are linking the two largest economies together . 
  it 's a lot that needs to be cleared up . 
  in addition all trade agreements are negotiated behind closed doors , this is not something exclusive to ttip . 
  african countries are the ones that are growing the most at the moment . 
  so as far as i see it you do n't like the way the eu has improved living standards in eastern europe ? 
  i must disagree with you . 
  free trade is a good thing and has lead to increased prosperity across the world . 
  how people can support the eu when it 's so undemocratic is beyond me . 
  the difference in this situation is that the guys that are elected are doing a horrible mistake . 
  if the uk had the euro you would not have experienced the recovery that you are experiencing now . 
  it would be a disaster , just like any country that gives up their monetary sovereignity . 
  how anyone can think it 's a good idea is beyond me . 
  think i paid 3 zloty for a beer at a convenience store when i was in krakow . 
  imagine how i felt as a norwegian being used to pay 15 zloty for a beer ... 
  i do n't understand the logic either . 
  but even though you get reimbursed , it still sucks to loose a lot of your sheep . 
  the point is that they could do more to protect the sheep than to shoot a protected animal that is against the law . 
  you could argue that it is . 
  or you could argue that it 's against the law and that a more sensible option would be use legal options like fences instead . 
  yes we do , and they get paid a lot for it . 
  so that 's another reason why they do n't bother looking after their sheep . 
  they will probably get more money if they loose them than if they send them to get slaughtered . 
  it 's farmers who shoot wolves because they do n't bother to protect their sheep . 
  b-but muh bankers !, 
  more liberal economic policies could be a very good thing for finland . 
  you have a skilled workforce and a lot of innovation , so it must be something that is lacking . 
  jobs and economic growth is also created by the private sector , so things like lower taxes and laxer labour laws can help on creating that growth . 
  i find finland to be fascinating because you do so bad economically despite relatively low labour costs . 
  here in norway traditional industries and manufacturing are doing great now that our currency has weakened . 
  exports are expected to rise 5 % this year . 
  finland could really use an own currency . 
  you would have thrived a lot more outside the eurozone . 
  what are the proposed policies of the new government ? 
  you are having a deficit so it 's a stretch to call it austerity . 
  it 's the same here in norway . 
  people vote out governments because they are bored . 
  and that is a bad thing ? 
  you are already paying insane tax levels . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  in the u.s farm subsidies are around 20 % of a farmer 's income . 
  here in norway it 's 60 % . 
  and people still wonder why we do n't want to join the eu . 
  i would argue it 's the opposite . 
  if people stop buying a product the corporation has to change . 
  if we stop paying tax we get arrested by the state ... 
  so basically people are against ttip because us companies can do the same job more efficient . 
  i think people should care more about the issue of inefficient eu corporations instead . 
  the alternative to corporate influence is government influence . 
  in other words you are indirectly implying that you prefer govt control because they do n't tend to damage the environment as much . 
  please correct me if this is wrong . 
  why would this be the case ? 
  in the end it 's the consumer who decides what products to buy . 
  good that the state never ruins the environment . 
  so i guess you oppose the right to go to court as a civilian when ut comes to things like unfair treatment , speeding tickets or taxation ? 
  i highly doubt that it 's illegal in finland . 
  every civilized country has that opportunity . 
  i 'm more surprised by switzerland , austria and germany to be honest . 
  the two largest parties in norway is actually pro eu . 
  they just do n't dare to do anything about it since it would lead to political suicide . 
  then they loose even more value . 
  put money in funds , real estate or stocks if you actually want to grow your assets . 
  it 's a disaster for countries that are in the eurozone . 
  countries in especially eastern europe are benefiting greatly . 
  the eu is basically one large trade agreement . 
  would you say the same applies here ? 
  no surprises here . 
  the norwegian military is basically shut down at the moment . 
  sadly the regular voter do n't care about military spending . 
  this leads to some interesting results . 
  basically out of the 57 f-16 's we have , only 20 would be fully operating during a wartime situation . 
  out of the 5 brand new frigates only 2 are regularly sailing , while one of them is used for parts . 
  it 's frankly embarrasing and i 'm sure if it keeps up like this we will need brooms like the germans !, 
  we try to keep the villages alive by subsidizing agriculture and creating public sector jobs in more rural areas . 
  for example is our office for registering businesses located in the town of br\u00f8nn\u00f8ysund , not oslo . 
  not really . 
  the wages more than makes up for it !, 
  just imagine how i as a norwegian felt visiting krakow . 
  needless to say the alcohol shop on the corner went out of beer pretty quickly !, 
  the same can be said when comparing using dollars . 
  the usd has strenghten 40 % against the nok in the last year . 
  if you want to visit norway , now is the time to do it !, 
  i just find it stupid . 
  if a country wants to have lower sale taxes why should the eu stop them ? 
  what 's the point of that ? 
  same in northern norway . 
  in the south the roads are ice free so they do n't get ruined by the winter . 
  i have n't been to iceland , but on street view they look nice . 
  it 's mostly a question of roads not being prioritized . 
  i would say that since around 2008 we started building a lot more . 
  in 15-20 years i think our roads will be the same standard as yours . 
  our current plan is to use nearly 550 billion nok on infrastructure the next 10 years . 
  while i am happy that they are improving , i think it 's wierd that it has taken them so long . 
  building motorways in denmark is actually more expensive than here since they have to import rock for the foundation . 
  here it 's right nearby . 
  seems about right . 
  that 's cheaper than norway . 
  here it 's around 3 $ in stores and 10 $ in a bar .
